What is inexplicable? First, hate against this movie. It may not be the best movie at all times but give a break, it got 11 oscars for a reason, it made a hundred hundred million dollars for a reason. It's a wonderfully good movie. Which brings to the second inexplicable aspect of it. I have no idea why this movie left such an impression on me when I saw it in theaters. I've rewatched it on TV and video and it had none of the consequences it had when I saw it on the big screen (twice or maybe three times actually). But it could be, the appeal of it. It's a movie, yes, capital M there, it's an epic, it's a play in the order of Gone With the Wind or Ben Hur. Now, Ben Hur and Gone With the Wind, look to me sweet with hammy acting and excessive melodrama. Not that the Titanic has any of it. Actually, the play was actually very good. The melodrama was quite heavy-handed at times. <br /> <br /> But the reason why Titanic works is that it is such an emotional trip. I usually enjoy movies that stimulate the mind or give me a visual excitement. This movie is not exactly stupid, but it is not the brain at all. The visual excitement is simply a means to an end, to burn the audience's feelings. I did not cry when Bambi's mother died, I do not respond to cakes. But it's a tower knob for the power of ten million, an emotional roller coaster that would make Buzz Aldrin scream like a little girl if it was a regular. And I'm sure if you watch it on video and have decided you hate it and have a clear supply of cynicism, you can't really like this movie. But if you let the unbeliever devote a little if you give this epic melodrama the benefits of the doubt, you will enjoy it altogether. And look at the top ten wholesalers from all the time. Is a single one of them bad? Is one of them worth scoring 1 out of 10? No, not even Phantom Menace. And this movie made 1.8 Billion Dollars worldwide. It can't be bad. Not possible. 10/10. <br /> <br /> p.s. How can one even consider comparing this with Spiderman? Spiderman was a funny movie, but it was a total 9/11 kneejerk that made it coarse as much as it did. It was simply nothing special. no one will remember it in 50 years. but I am absolutely sure that the Titanic will be remembered.
