I avoided seeing this movie for the longest time. Long before it was even released, I had dismissed it as an overheated, overblown, over-romanticized piece of Hollywood schmaltz, and I didn't want anything to do with it. I've never seen it in the theater. I shook my head in the student at the 11 Academy Awards - even though I had never seen it. Then I was asked to be a judge at a primary school in high school competition. One of the girls talked about this movie. "It was so good," she said. "You really felt like you were on the ship." "Nonsense," I thought. I shared my feelings with my judges. You looked at me and said, "You got it right, but if she liked the movie so much maybe she would like to learn more about the real Titanic. The movie must have done something right to get her so interested." "Well, maybe," I thought. Then it finally appeared on Pay TV. "OK," I thought, "I'll give it a look." I didn't like it - and I didn't. I loved it! What a good movie. Where to start? First - the control. My high school speaking participant was right. James Cameron does a great job of creating an almost "you are there" type of atmosphere. The joy of life aboard the most elegant ship in the world. The irregularity that the news of the iceberg spreads first; so the rising sense of panic. You are not just looking at it; You really feel it. So - the performances. Leading performances by Kate Winslet (like Rose) and Leonardo DiCaprio (like Jack) are excellent - Winslet is the superior, I thought, but both were good. They had their rich girl / bad boy sign down to a perfect "t" I thought. In my opinion, stealing the show was Frances Fisher as Rose's mother. She was perfect as the sneaky aristocrat, and you could feel the fear and the secret she felt every time she looked at Jack. So - the details. I'm not an expert on the synchronization of the Titanic, but I have a reasonable general knowledge, and this movie makes a super job of accurately recreating the historical details and then weaving them seamlessly around the fictional romance. Very impressive, yes. So - the song. Who can watch this movie and not be taken with the Celine Dion's results of "My Heart Goes On." <br /> <br /> Problems. Well, the romance was perhaps confused, in the sense that I just didn't accept that Jack could have moved so effortlessly from management to first class. (I know he was invited the first time, but he seems to continue to get in first class without being stopped until he has been there for a while.) The reality of the separation of social classes became very more realistically portrayed, I thought when the steering passengers were left locked down there after the ship hit the iceberg while the first class people were to enjoy half empty lifeboats. <br /> <br /> A slight blur, though. This is really an excellent movie. My only regret is not seeing it in the theater, where I think it would have been so much more impressive. <br /> <br /> 9/10
