After a short prologue showing a masked man, stalking and then screaming the throat of an elderly gentleman on a deserted, centuries-old century century, we meet Julie (Rebecca Gibney) and Peter (John Adam) as they go out in the House . They manage to get a loan for a fixer upper on a posh Sydney street, but it turns out that physical disruption is not the only problem with their new home. It can just be haunted. 13 Gantry Row combines a memorable, if any, cliché story with good to average direction of Catherine Millar in a slightly above average choke. <br /> <br /> The biggest flaws seem to be partly due to budget, but not completely excused for obstruction. A crucial problem arises at the start of the movie. The opening "thriller scene" contains some wild editing. Freeze frames and series of still images are used to cover the fact that there is not much action. Suspense should be created from staging, not fancy "fix it in the mix" techniques. There is good atmosphere in the scene from the location, the lighting, the fog and so on, but the camera must slowly follow the killer and the victim, cutting back and forth from one to the other as we track down the street and show their growing closeness. Tracking and cuts must be slow. The attack should be longer, clearer and better blocked. As it stands, the scene has a strong "made for television" feel, and a low budget on it. After this scene we move to the present, and the film's flow greatly improves. The story has many similarities to The Amityville Horror (1979), although the budget forces a much lesser influence. Millar and scriptwriter Tony Morphett effectively create many dull scary scenarios, often dramatic instead of special effects-oriented, such as the mysterious man who is going to remove the old iron plates that were bizarre placed on an interior wall. <br /> <br /> For some horror fans, the first part of the movie may be a bit heavy on realistic drama. At least, the film's first half hour is primarily about Julie and Peter trying to arrange financing for the house and then trying to settle. But Morphett writes a nice and intelligent dialogue. The material is well enough that it is often as exciting as the more traditional thriller aspects that arise later - especially if you have gone through similar travails while trying to buy your own house. <br /> <br /> Once they get settled and things start to turn red, though the special effects often leave much to be desired, the ideas are good. The performances help to create tensions. There is not an abundance of death and destruction in the movie - there are more of an abundance of home repair nightmares. But neither threat is really the meaning. <br /> <br /> The point is human relations. There are a number of character arches that are very interesting. The house exists more like a metaphor and a catalyst for stress in a romantic relationship that can make it acidic and possibly destroy it. The fact that it is in a nice neighborhood and the relationship is between two successful yuppies shows that these problems not only affect those who can blame some external roads, such as money or health problems. Peter's character evolves from an aspiring business staff with "normal" work-based friendships to a more desperate person as he becomes subversive, plans to achieve something more liberating and meaningful. At the same time, we learn how low the professional friendships can be. Julie goes through an almost literal nervous breakdown, but finally finds liberation when she frees herself from her failing romantic relationship. Though 13 Gantry Row never exceeds its television set as a television movie, this is a pretty good one, with admirable ambitions. Anyone who is fond of haunted house movies, psychics or horror / thrillers with slightly more metaphorical depth should find plenty to enjoy. It's definitely not worth spending $ 30 for a DVD (it was the price my local PBS station asked for a copy of the movie after they showed it (factoring in freight and handling)), but it's worth the rent And it is definitely worth looking for free.
