Titanic directed by James Cameron presents a fictitious love story about Titanic's historic setting. The reason is simple, not complicated, or not for those who love sites that twist and turn and keep you excited. The end of the movie can be figured out within minutes of the start of the movie, but the love story is an interesting one. Kate Winslett is wonderful as Rose, an aristocratic young lady, engaged by Cal (Billy Zane). Early in the journey, Rose Jack (Leonardo DiCaprio) meets a lower class artist on his way to America after winning his ticket aboard the Titanic in a poker game. If he wants something, he goes and gets it unlike the upper class who is so worried about their social concerns. The two fall in love and the audience sees Titanic's point of view primarily through their eyes. <br /> <br /> The movie begins in modern times with the exploration of the wreck of a group searching for treasures that have sunk with the Titanic recently done. One of the survivors of Titanic, Rose DeWitt Bukater, who had heard about the exploration of the wreck on the television and flown to the boat, where the quest is headed to tell what she remembers to help the quest. She gets to tell her about the only and only journey of the Titanic. With this, the stage changes to Southhampton, Ireland, where the Titanic seat sails from April 10, 1912, when all passengers board. After another stop on the Irish coast, Titanic went out to look at his maiden voyage across the Atlantic Ocean bound to New York. Historically, the first few days of the journey went unmanageable, but the fictional story of history was developed during this time, as Rose sees the hopeless capture of a commitment she is in to wealthy Cal Hockley and falls in love with third-class passengers Jack Dawson. Captain Smith immediately as shown in the film was urged by the White Star Line Director to increase the ship's speed so that they would make newspaper headlines and receive additional advertising by arriving in New York on Thursday night and not on Friday morning as planned. Smith then ordered the fateful decision to go against his two-year experience of stretching the Titanic's legs at full speed. The Titanic had reports that the waters of the Atlantic they sailed in were full of icebergs, but they ignored these warnings and continued at full speed as shown in the movie. On April 15, 1912 at. 11:39 an iceberg became visible. They tried to turn off the engines and shift the ship out of the iceberg, but there was not enough time and the ship hit the iceberg on the starboard side as depicted in the film. The depiction of the many small holes in the ship's side and not a large gash along the side is accurate. The crew of the Titanic sent out emergency calls and put emergency jets down, as shown at. 2:18 when the lights finally failed. The lights in California were seen six miles away, but they failed to realize what was happening and did not respond to Titanic's many reasons for help. California had tried earlier in the day to warn the Titanic of the serious ice that had made them stop their turn, but the Titanic had brushed them off to get California to turn off the radio and leave the Titanic alone. The first class women and children were the first to portray the 20 lifeboats on the ship. Overwhelmed, the third class of passengers suffered the most deaths in a class, and the crew was severely affected by this tragedy as well. The word White Star Line employees and first-class passengers were believed to be over the second and third class passengers as the authorities tried to get information about the sink. Also, the metal used to build the Titanic has been found in recent years under severe cold conditions, which experienced the night Titanic sank to be extremely brittle. Overall, the base plot is very accurate in its portayal of events and the times when these events took place on the Titanic. <br /> <br /> Many of the characters in the story were not real and simply created the purpose of the movie or as composite signs to represent possible attributes and ideas for people on the ship. The core group of Rose, Jack, Cal and Rose's mother were all fictional characters added in the story as they represent different groups of people from the time. Many more characters like the invisible Molly Brown; Captain Edward Smith; ship designer Thomas Andrew; White Star Line Representative, Bruce Ismay; and all Titanic's officers were real. The maiden voyage would nonetheless be Captain Edward Smith's last trip when he planned to retire later. He had been part of the White Star Line since 1880, where he worked his way up to his status as a millionaire captain when Titanic sank. The officers' portrayals are correct, as only four survived the tragedy, except the officer threatening to kill all the passengers on the ship with his gun. He is busy acting heroically and was misportrayed to the point that James Cameron apologized and evoked a monument in his honor in the former Canadian hometown. As shown in the film, there was a language problem between the crew and many of the lower class passengers from non-English speaking nations. In addition, officer Lowe was the only officer to return to the lifeboat as depicted. The old ones who were shown in their bed when the water came into their room were based on Strauss'. Not wanting to leave her husband's side Mrs Strauss refused to enter her lifeboat and died with her husband on the Titanic. Moreover, Mr Goggenheim, who was shown to sip with his brandy and smoke a cigar, allegedly went out like this dressed in his best. The richest man on the ship, John Jacob Astor, who owned most of Manhattan, died anyway, but his much younger wife was rescued in a lifeboat. In addition, Molly Brown was rescued and later received medals off Carpethia's crew members who picked up Titanic's survivors out of the water. Her ticket on the Titanic had cost over four thousand dollars, and at the end of her life she ended up. All the interior of the ship was masterfully replaced down to the last pieces of porcelain and silverware. The gym, which is hardly seen, is perfectly recreated with all the machines reproduced to match those seen in old photographs. The wonderful outfits and costuming were an excellent re-creation of the post-Victorian era of 1912. The rich at this time controlled almost everything as women's electoral rights were not completely moved yet. Women of this time were often married to financial security when Rose considered doing and usually took a restrained status to their husbands, whom Cal wanted Rose to do. The rich did not do well with 'new money' as Molly Brown depicted. All in all, it was very formal. Women were to be escorted to dinner by a male figure as seen in the dining room. Smoking was not particularly common among women of the time, but cigarette holders who just came in at that time were used as seen by Rose in the movie. Men of the time usually did not smoke cigarettes. Women were physically influenced by their corsets and socially by society. Although James Cameron had no background in historical films, he took Titanic experts along with two years of used cross-references on Titanic's history and few freedoms were taken. The beautiful film and special effects have also helped make the movie even more breathtaking. <br /> <br /> A recognizable message can be seen in the movie Titanic when the ship's people had about three hours to consider their death. The director, James Cameron, shows the various reactions to this time of crisis in people's lives. Everyone reacts differently and he makes you think about how you might have reacted if you had been in that situation on the Titanic on the fateful night. Moreover, this film is a reflection of the 1990s when it was produced as it looks into the wreck of the Titanic. Only in the last fifteen years is the site of the actual Titanic been found and explored. This movie was able to give us a deeper look at a disaster that many would not have seen. However, the moral question about whether people today should take treasures from an underwater cemetery is put. There have been attempts to stop treasure hunting missions like the one depicted in the Titanic, but everyone has failed. As it stands today, any journey to the Titanic and take the valuable values ​​they portrayed in the film show the general values ​​of our time on this matter. Technically, the film is very well done. To get recordings of the wreck at the bottom of the sea, it took twelve dives to get all the pictures that were necessary for the movie. In addition, a special camera had to be created to withstand the intense pressure in the sea bottom. Cameron had no plans to use the probe to go so far into the Titanic as someone has in the 88 years since the ship dropped, but it seemed that this provided a unique perspective into the ship. In addition, the entire movie fades in and out of Titanic's ship to the Titanic scene during its actual journey. This shift between the modern scene and the earlier stage of the journey seems like an excellent transition that makes history easy to follow in acrylic fashion. At the beginning of the film, a septun recreation was used to recreate the scene as the actual people left the European coast on the Titanic, which made it the distinction of the rest of the film's events. <br /> <br /> The Titanic plays almost like a historical biography and is like a work of art, a true epic. Like most story novels, we know the end, but it does not detract from the wonderful treats found in this image. Certain aspects of this film are Academy Award material, including costuming, sound, cematography and editing. If you like interesting characters that give you an insight into the characters' lives in the early 1900s and how they face disaster, then this movie is for you. <br /> <br />
