Back in 1997 I remember that year: Clinton forbids cloning of research, the unfortunate death of Princess Diana, Marlins won the world series and a woman born septuplets. This was also the big year in the release of the Titanic, one of the greatest films at all times: a tale of the dream ship about a boy and a girl who falls in love, but torn apart by their social class and at the height of Their emotional engagement ship meets with disaster. I don't think anyone could have expected Titanic to be as big as it was, the movie was bigger than life and had millions of fans, 85% of them were teenage girls, I was 12 at that time and of course saw the movie several times . It was the movie that made me believe that love, as Jack and Rose shared, was so genuine and beautiful. At that time, I felt that Titanic couldn't do anything wrong, of course I grew up and didn't look at the movie since I was 14, a couple of years ago I watched the movie on DVD for 5.99 and figured it was a good price And to see what I was thinking about the movie now. Was it worth the hype? Was it really the best movie all the time? Was it Leonardo's real nose? OK, I know it's silly to say, but I took movies again. To be honest here, Titanic is a great movie, best movie all the time, no, just depending on your idea of ​​a good movie, but the Titanic delivered in romance, humor, disaster, emotion and let's never go on this maiden voyage. <br /> <br /> The movie starts with Brock Lovett and his team exploring the RMS Titanic's wreck, seeking a necklace with a valuable blue diamond called Ocean of the Ocean. Failed, instead they discover a drawing of a young woman resting on naked, wearing the heart of the sea, dated the day the Titanic sank. 101-year-old Rose Dawson Calvert learns about the drawing, and contacts Lovett to inform him that she is the woman in the drawing. She and her grandson Elizabeth "Lizzy" Calvert visit Lovett and his skeptical team on his salvage ship. When asked if she knew about the necklaces' whereabouts, Rose Calvert recalls her memories on board the Titanic and revealed for the first time that she was Rose DeWitt Bukater. In 1912, the upper-class 17-year-old Rose governed the ship with her fiancé, Cal Hockley and her mother, Ruth DeWitt Bukater, both of whom emphasize the importance of Rose's involvement in Cal when the marriage means the extinction of Dewitt-Bukater's debt: while they are in appearance of the upper class, Rose and her mother are economically abrupt. Distraught and frustrated by her commitment to the controlling Cal and the pressure her mother puts on her to go through with the marriage, Rose commends suicide by jumping off the back. Before she jumps, a driver and artist called Jack Dawson intervenes. Jack and Rose get a provisional friendship when she thanks him for saving her life, and he shares stories of his adventures that travel and sketches; their ties are deeper as they leave a thin first class formal dinner in the report builder wealthy for a much livelier collection of Irish third-class dance, music and beer. But after Cal's servant informs him of Rose's whereabouts, Rose is forbidden to see Jack again. But after witnessing a woman who encouraged her seven-year-old daughter to behave like a "proper lady" on tea, Rose towers him and her mother and asks Jack to outline her naked and wearing only Ocean of the Ocean, a commitment from Cal. After a beautiful moment together in the very first back seat, it's fun to go to the ship's deck. <br /> <br /> They witness the ship's deadly collision with an iceberg. After skipping the ship's outlook discusses how serious the collision is, Rose Jack says they should warn their mother and Cal. Meanwhile, Cal Rose's naked drawing and her scary note are discovering in his safe so he hits Jack to steal the ocean's heart by having Lovejoy plant it in Jack's pocket. After learning that Cal intends to let Jack die under deck, Rose runs away from him and her mother to save him. Jack and Rose return to the top deck. Cal and Jack, though enemies, both want Rose Safe so they persuade her to control a lifeboat. But after understanding that she can't leave Jack, Rose jumps back on the ship and reunites with Jack in the ship's first-class staircase. Jack and Rose return to the top deck, the lifeboats have gone and the ship finally crashes into the ice-cold Atlantic that takes Jack and Rose down. <br /> <br /> So does the Titanic live until it's hype? I still say this is a good movie to watch, I think there were and still are a couple of hates who for some reason just want to separate the movie because it had won many awards and everyone was in love with the movie. But it has great plays, amazing effects, a well-written story and still looks flawless. Love it or hate it, you have to admit that this movie didn't get a lot of hype just because of Leo's baby face or Kate's amazing ability to cry on sight, this movie is something special. It will always hold a special place in my heart, it also has to see that I watched this movie 8 times in the theater when it was released. But all this, I recommend this movie, it's a fantastic and sure to go down the classics one day. <br /> <br /> 10/10
