The anime that made me hang on anime ... Seen in the year 2010 (hi, it's not too far away now!) Earth is now poison gas waste of pollution and violence. Seeing how crime ever occurs 30 seconds is so and committed by thieves who have firepower from third world terrorists, the government of fictitious New Port City forms the thought police to deal with the problem - police thoughtfully! Oh, insane! <br /> <br /> "Heroes" in this series include the new recruitment Leona Ozaki, a red-haired Japanese woman (yes I know, they never match their clear Japanese names with Japanese appearance) that have just been drafted in the police and is fast partner with blond, blue eye nice guy Al. Leona is new to using thought, and unfortunately she destroys the thought of thought police commander Charles Britain (also known as "Brenten"), a great guy resembling Tom Selleck on steroids and sports a few nifty sunglasses, a big revolver and a bad mood. Britain did not like to have Leona participate in the thought police in the first place, and her wrecking of his Tiger Special (a gigantic green monster tank) does not extend straight to her for him, nor is he happy to take the remnants of his big tank and use it to build a mini tank that she calls on Bonaparte and he pushes quickly to get her transferred to childcare "where the boys are more your size" as he puts it. There are also Specs, the bifocal genius, the Bible quotes / God fearing captain, purple MO-hawked mohican, and the pot-bellied Chief who is right on the edge thanks to the mayor who always shouts at him about Tank Police Antics. Looking at how the police of thought often destroys half of the city while chasing the wicked and using extreme violence to capture them, they are not very fond of the people. <br /> <br /> "The bad guys" are a cyborg named Buaku who has a mysterious past associated with a project known as "Green Peace", his gang and his two sexy cat cyborg side-kicks Anna & Uni Puma. Initially, these men are paid to steal urine samples from a hospital that treats people who have not been infected by poison gas clouds, and in the second, they are employed to steal a painting of a naked Buaku. The story, however, was incomplete in anime and was completed in a cult cartoon ("Manga") book that is very hard to find. <br /> <br /> All sorts of chaos and chaos are included in this black cartoon venture exploring how far people want their police to go to catch criminals and what happens when the fine line between good guys begins to become blurred. This is the kind of thing that if you were to make a movie of it, you'd rather get Quentin Tarantino. Uneven in places, but still very fun. <br /> <br /> Followed by "New Dominion: Tank Police".
