ELEPHANT WALK must not be literature or film, but it is great entertainment in the quasi-melodramatic state. It is the story of love, both genuine and illegal, as well as overarching ambitions, devotion and arrogance of personal tyranny. A former reviewer, John Mankin, questioned why the film's central focus, the Elephant Walk manor house, should have been built by the former owner, the "governor" of late Tom Wiley, just across the elephants' traditional road to the capital's source of water, the river. To miss this point is essentially to miss the point throughout the center of the movie: the human hubris. The fact that his son, played by Peter Finch, should be enchanted by the super picture and riddle of his honorable father, is not unexpected when his son was without a mother growing up in a strange jungle with only his father and his father's rowdy 'boys' club 'as his role models. The father's point was that he was a self-made man who would tame nature according to his taste, and it was not just a tea plantation on the countries that the elephants once dominated, but also that he would dominate even the great Tyrolphant who led the crew, and thus He wanted to dominate his son and everyone around him, and then we go along with the story after the elephants have been denied the crucial dry season access to their way to water. Who could know that this dry season would last so long and what the elephants would do in desperation to get water? This is the movie's nexus: What will the animals do to get water; What will people do to gain power or love? Ceylon, today Sri Lanka, is the huge island off the coast of India, where the plantation is located, and it is quickly learned that it is the real nature of history, not just the cost of Miss Taylor. Was it not for this exotic location (much of the movie was shot in Ceylon), and the magnificent "bungalow" it would have been just another pot boiler. One must recognize the atmosphere created here as an integral part of time and place, as it highlights the last day's wealth and power gained by the British immigrants' conquerors, who were part of the British raj. It is only such wealth that is achieved through the use of virtual slave labor, that one can build such a magnificent home of ebony, teak and marble. Not to be overlooked, the wonderfully carved Jalees (grilling window and door boundaries) are clearly indicated by art directors J. McMillan Johnson and Hal Pereira and of course, made from cheaper labor on the island. Such crafts reveal the meticulous attention to detail that these men sought. <br /> <br /> For those who are immune to mixes of time, place, and architecture, there is always love for Miss Taylor when she marries a man she doesn't really know and tainted by another man the background described and under the overall tyranny of a deceased man's inheritance. As I said, it is not a great literature or even a great movie, but it is a good spectacle long before it was diminished by the extravagant effects of the extravagances today. <br /> <br /> This is one of the movies made to be seen on the gigantic screen of an outdoor drive-in, not on home TV, so make sure the biggest screen to watch it in order to fully appreciate the fine camera work and scope.
