Scott Bartlett 'OffOn' is nine minutes of pure madness. It is a full-frontal assault of psychedelic, vibrant, epilepsy-inducing flashlights and colors, and the first true fusion of film and video in avant-garde cinema. There is no story to talk about, but Bartlett uses pictures of nature ?? especially the human face and shape? to provoke a series of emotional reactions, as these biological phenomena are integrated into the high-tech form of modern technology. In a way, the film represents the fusion of humanity in his tools, his machines, his technology. This theme connects loosely to the subplot of HAL9000 in Stanley Kubrick's '2001: A Space Odyssey (1968)' and in fact Bartlett's opening sequence of images ?? flashing colors before a close up human eye? reminiscent of Dave Bowman's journey through the Stargate. The visions are rich in color, a confrontational blend of crisp, live photography and increasingly grainy video as if we were too close to a TV screen {actually the end product was recorded from a TV screen}. <br /> <br /> There seems to be some confusion about the movie's release date. IMDb lists the film as a release in 1972, but in 1968 both the National Film Registry and the National Film Preservation Foundation gave the correct year. Perhaps this inequality reflects time between the film's completion and its first public screening. Either way, the visuals are clearly ahead of their time, occasionally recalling a 1980s music video, and some lively techno music wouldn't have gone wrong either! 'OffOn' captures grainy, fragmented images that present too much information from life from the combed perspective of a computer treatment. I had a thought ?? and please don't laugh at this free thinking interpretation? that an extraterrestrial civilization that captures the earth's television signals may well receive such an incoherent, foreign documentation of human life, a bizarre assembly of only vaguely known images that could not create coherent sense. Perhaps this is where humanity, with all its technology, ultimately goes against an irreversible fusion of film and video of purity and artistry.
