Directed by Govind Nihalani, this is a particular cop movie of Indian cinema. Must be the first to portray the harsh reality of corruption in the police force and politics, with no obstructions and how it affects a young policeman. A man forced to attend a cop for a cop at his copfader. Approved that we grew up seeing many good cop / bad cop-hindi movies, but it's different. Today's generation, which grew up in dark and realistic films such as - 'Satya', 'Company', may consider the inferior product in comparison, but look at the time of its manufacture. The film was made entirely of beat tone in the time when people did not pay much attention to such a kind of cinema and yet it becomes a most sought after cop movie in the class and mass audience when it was released. For Om Puri's first breakthrough in mainstream Hindi cinema & he delivered a class performance as Inspector Velankar. It's more than cop character, he internalized a lot that is something original in acting. See his scenes with his father, whom he hates and Smita, whom he loves. Smita Patil maintained the value of its character to the expected level. My God, what a natural expression, she wore !!! Shafi Inamdar was truly a discovery for me and he is a brilliant character actor if he got a chance & here in some of the scenes he even beat. The film is also a debut of a promising villain on Indian screen - Sadashiv Amrapurkar as 'Rama Shetty'. It's another story that he didn't get such a careless role and almost forgot today as one of the fierce villains of Dharmendra's B grade action movie. Look at the scene where About 1st time is rebel for his father (played by Amrish Puri) & next both share wine. How inner truth began to reveal to both character with confronting feelings of love and hatred for each other. Two Indians of Indian police force - masculinity and impotence and between lies - half truth (ardh satya) ?? Kudos to Nihalani's touch. The movie won the 2 National Awards as Best Hindi Feature Film & Best Actor-About the Puri & 3 Filmfare Awards in Best Movie, Best Director & Best Support Actor Categories. <br /> <br /> Recommended for anyone interested in nostalgia of serious Hindi movies. <br /> <br /> Ratings - 8/10
