I loved this movie. Not to be a spongy Ed Wood Jr. fan, I prefer to appreciate his "boundless enthusiasm" and acknowledge his shortcomings. His movie is fun but his personal story is a racked with pain. I was hoping and pleased to find that this movie would be about understanding his turbulent life, rather than just raising him with the posthumous praise. From the beginning to the end, this film develops from a documentary film to a mythology, thus throwing and viewing the viewer unexpectedly and to Ed Wood Jr. <br /> <br /> What we get is people who knew Ed Wood, the best-talking about him from every perspective, positive and negative, and showing us their character as much as Eds. We gain insight into Ed's personal and professional life: from his romance to his drinking, to his sexuality, to his friends, to his enemies, and to his filmmaking. <br /> <br /> The film itself is shot in a low budget way that seems to be honored by Ed, as using the techniques of most theatrical release films from 1996 would be disrespectful (as if having a nicer suit than the president). The set designer uses a sense of humor and also a great insight when matching each cast member with their background. Fans will be thrilled to hear personal testimonies about Ed Wood's controversy, and new arrivals will be amazed that this man was genuine. The DVD is full of impossible to find gems ("Crossroads of Lorado" and photo galleries), but the right treasure of this movie is the surprisingly engaging and coherent story. <br /> <br /> Ed Wood had a habit of defining people through their union with him (for better or worse), to the point where a woman would go down in history as "Swimming Pool Owner" for a time letting him and his friends be baptized in their pool. This ability to define a person's legacy comes through universally, as the film's most amazing effect is to give not only a well-rounded idea of ​​the man who was Ed Wood Jr. but also to give an overview of the society that he created. Somehow, the connection that Ed Wood has created among the various people in his life without having one more cast member becomes interviewed on the screen at a time, and the clarity is left with great sense of involvement. <br /> Even the title hints on the B list horror genre, but ultimately we see that even this is a kindness. What begins as independent stories by random people ending with the conclusion that all the cast will forever be woven into an unpredictably coherent substance that history will bring to the fore with Woods legend. In many ways, a living contradiction, Ed Wood Jr. could not be condensed to a single point of view. This collaborative effort is closest to knowing him that we can ever get. Being yourself a compilation of themes is, at the same time, immediately respectful, provocative, thought-provoking, poignant, fun, sad, friendly and satisfying.
