The Shinjuku Triad Society, albeit from the perfect, is a fiercely convincing film for what it is trying to portray in its uber-conventional world. It is a yakuza / triad image involving cops versus Japanese and / or Chinese gangsters (mostly Chinese, as the title suggests), but already in his first technical 'debut', Takashi Miike already establishes many aspects of movies he wanted to make from here. in. Social issues such as black trade in precious goods, in this case human organs usually from children; nostalgia for childhood and one's roots, which were particularly prevalent in the Dead or Alive 2; thumbs-of-the-nose on taboos such as homosexual and (satirical) rape / violence against women; blood-fighting violence. It is certainly not as surreal as some of Miike's latest films, but it is expected when he tries things that he has just begun to learn, following a track record of the video programs. It has all these qualities and it is also like the movies that would follow it, just as wild and heartfelt, crazy (in spots) and sardonic in its drama and solid for genre refinement. <br /> <br /> The story relates to two brothers, a Chinese orphan raised in Japan, Tatsuhito Kiriya (Kippei Shiina, quite decent as an Eastwood esquire anti-hero / hero) who has become detective and another who has become a gangster or a wild one. Arch arguably takeover gang comes from Wang (a certain proverb on what the gang represents in his spare time, played by Tomorowo Taguchi as a typical wacko with real terror in his eyes), and his partner Karino (Takeshi Caesar who threatens even when you just Repeats a bid again and again for a woman who has just got her eye connected to a sour deal), who is the ruthless kind of pop up almost organically in a Miike movie. There is some intrigue involving the organ trade scheme with gangsters, which Kiriya almost falls victim to, and the gang's sense of gay sex - at least with a small doll of varieties that do what the main gangsters want. It all leads to revenge and redemption, qualities that Miike and his author are trying to emulate from Shakespeare (therefore Macbeth bit with Wang washes his bloody hang over and over again after some gay sex says "it won't come out"). <br /> <br /> If it doesn't make up for the same emotional level of influence that a great Shakespeare game would have, it's a pair of movies as such. Miike's goals are met, even though he just met in his ambitious low-voltage: a gangster image with some extra levels of tough family problems (the main tension between the brothers coming out of business and duty to parents), noting the cruel aspects of underground crime, and the richness of Unauthorized sex with both sexes spread psychologically in the characters. At the same time, the Shinjuku Triad Society also features more than a few moments of classic biting black comedy from Miike oeuvre. Some of it just needs to be taken with a grain of salt for what the director does in his scandalousness, which in the beginning starts with the chair that smashes over the face or the coincidence of the "interrogation", as it enters a very twisted area. There is even a laugh-high line from the young sex slave after completing an action at one of the bosses: "Thank you, Mr Weeny-Burger." Miike and his writer do not have enough here to make the movie a full dark comedy like Ichi or, of course, visitor Q, but there is enough to bring an appropriate levit to the darker aspects of the story and the characters. /> <br /> As the first entry in the "Black Society" trilogy as it is called, I was totally impressed, and it is a fine quasi-phone card from one of the craziest new artists in modern cinema.
