Stargate SG-1 follows and expands the Egyptian mythologies presented in the Stargate. In the Stargate universe, humans were enslaved and transported to habitable planets by the Goa'uld as Ra and Apophis. For millennia, the Goa'uld has harvested mankind, heavily influenced and scattered human cultures. As a result, there are soil cultures such as the Aztecs, the Mayans, the British, the norms, the Mongols, the Greeks and the Romans throughout the galaxy's well-known habitable planets. Many well-known mythical places such as Avalon, Camelot and Atlantis exist or have existed at some point. At present, the landslide (found at a grassland near Giza in 1928) is inhabited in a top secret US military base called SGC (Stargate Command) under Cheyenne Mountain. Col. Jack O'Neill (Anderson), Dr. Daniel Jackson (Shanks), Capt. Samantha Carter (Tapping) and Teal'c (Judge) compose the original SG-1 team (a few characters participate and / or leave the team in later seasons). Along with 24 other SG teams, they wake up to distant planets exploring the galaxy and seeking defense from the Goa'uld, in terms of technology and alliances with friendly advanced races. The parasitic Goa'uld uses advanced technology to plunge as Egyptian gods and is bent on galactic conquest and eternal worship. During the first eight seasons, Goa'uld are the primary antagonists. They are a race of very intelligent, ruthless snake-like alien parasites capable of invading and controlling the organs of other species, including humans. The original arch-enemy of this race was System Lord Apophis (Peter Williams). Other system masters, such as Baal and Anubis, play key roles in the later seasons. In the ninth season, a new villain, the Ori, comes. The Ori are advanced creatures with inevitable technology from another galaxy, also bent on galactic conquest and eternal worship. The introduction of the Ori accompanies a deviation from the primary focus on Egyptian mythology to an exploration of the artistic mythology of the Ori, their followers and their enemies ?? the old.
