Masters of Horror: The right to die begins late one night as married couples Abby (Julia Anderson) and Ciff Addison (Martin Donovan) drive home, but while talking Cliff is distracted and crashes into a tree that has fallen over the road. Cliff's airbag seems ok and he goes away with minor injuries, unfortunately for Abby's not & she ended up as a toast when she was thrown away from the car and doused in gasoline which put up burning all over her body. Abby's life is only saved. She is taken to hospital, where she is severely injured and terribly disfigured from the burns. Cliff decides she should die, his egoist lawyer Ira (Corbin Bersen) believes they should let Abby die, sue the car manufacturer and get rich, while Abby's mother Pam (Linda Sorenson) will blame Cliff, get rich and save Abby. However, Abby has other own plans ... <br/> <br /> This American Canadian co-production was directed by Rob Schmidt (whose only horror movie was previously Wrong Turn (2003), who on his own qualifies him not to directly a Masters of Horror episode) and was episode 9 from season 2 of the Masters of Horror TV series while I didn't believe Right to Die was the best Masters of Horror episode I've seen, I thought it was a decent enough bet the same and still not nearly as bad as The Screwfly Solution (2006). The script by John Esposito has a nice central idea that is nothing new, but it uses it efficiently enough, although I would say it is a bit uneven. The first 15 minutes focus on the horror of history, but then it goes into a cradle in 20 odd minutes as it becomes a drama like the legal crease over Abby's life and the affair Cliff has to take a central stage before it comes back on track , it is a gory & twisted climax that may not be too weak in the heart. The character is a little clichéd, the weak man, the bent lawyer, the protective mother and the young pie who have sex to get what she wants, but they all serve their purpose well enough, the dialogue is ok, the story moves together a good pace and overall I liked Right to Die except for a few minutes here and there it loses it's focus a little and I wasn't too eager for the ambiguous ending. Director Schmidt does a good job & there are some effective scenes, this is trying to switch between low key ghost atmosphere and out-and-out blood & gore. There are some amazing special makeup effects as usual. There are shots from Abby, where she's got the whole skin burned by her body and the image of her bandage head with her teeth showing because she has no lips left is pretty rough (pictures & make-up effects reminding me about similar scenes in Hellraiser (1987) and it's successors), then there's the main course at the end, where Cliff literally speaks a person complete with close-ups of scalpel slices open the skin and he peels it out of muscle and puts it in a cooler box! Very messy. There are also various assorted body parts. There is also some nudity here with at least a few beautiful ladies being naked ... Technical right to die is excellent, special effects are brilliant and like most masters of horror episodes it does not look like a cheap TV show as in Truth is, if truth is told it is. The action was fine, but there are no big "names" in this. Right to Die is another enjoyable and slightly twisted Masters of Horror episode that most horror fans should definitely check out if not just for the amazing skinning scene! Well worth a watch ... for those with the stomach.
