I'm not quite sure Rob Schmidt qualifies as a "champion" in the scare genre, as he has just recently instructed a horror movie called "Wrong Turn" and that you were actually just a little over mediocre, but actually he made with "Right to Die" one of the best and most horrific episodes throughout the second season of the "Masters of Horror" franchise. There was a similar underdog story in season 1, when William Malone made the best episodes of "The Fair Haired Child", although his other long feature film "Fear Dot Com" and "House on Haunted Hill" sucked pretty badly. <The story of "Right to Die" catches wisely in the hitherto rapid social debate on euthanasia, but fortunately, there are also several old-fashioned horror themes such as ghost-friendly revenge, murderous conspiracies, tone-white humor, and comics. book-shaped violence. While driving home late one night and discussing man's continued adultery, the Addison couple are involved in a terrible car accident. Cliff goes away from the wreck unharmed, but his wife Abby is fully burned and must be kept alive artificially. While Cliff and his sleazy lawyer (Corbin Bernsen from "The Dentist") will put the plug on her and sue the car designer, Abbey's mum creates a huge media campaign to keep his daughter alive as a vegetable and blame everything on Cliff. Meanwhile, Abdom's hateful spirit returns for revenge and kills someone in Cliff's surroundings when she has a near-fatal experience with the medical devices. After a few victims, Cliff discovers that it can be safer for him to keep his wife alive if he also wants to be alive. "Right to Die" is an amazing episode and exactly the kind of thing I always hoped to see from a TV series concept such as "Masters of Horror". It is violent and gory with a sick and twisted sense of humor and lots of sleaze sequences. The euthanasia theme and the entire compulsory media circus that surrounds it are treated very well in the script but without the need to return to political positions or moral actions. The atmosphere is exciting and the kitten sequences are appropriately unpleasant and disturbing. The actresses Julia Anderson and Robin Sydney both have a beautiful face and impressive successful racks, which are always a welcome plus, and Corbin Bernsen finally gets the opportunity to portray a medieval and egocentric bastard. Great "MoH" episode; definitely one of the highlights of both seasons.
