A man and his wife come in a terrible car accident. When wife is back in a sustained vegetative state, you have to choose between pulling the plug and letting her live. The decision is made even harder when he understands that her ghost wants to extract revenge on him and those around him. <br /> <br /> This comes to us from director Rob Schmidt, who made "Wrong Turn" (a movie I haven't seen). With only one horror movie under his belt and not particularly notorious, I was a little reluctant to see this episode and expect Schmidt to be a "horror champion" in only the most liberal sense. I apologize for my underestimation. From episode 10 in a 13 episode season, it was actually the best one yet. <br /> <br /> The issue of "right to die" is addressed and covered in sufficient detail to be a solid plot unit. But this is only the foundation on which history is concerned. When the horror elements appear, the movie goes from "decent" to "spectacular". Great actor, great plot, great dialogue, great excitement. I was a little spoiled at times (which is good) and most of all: Gore is in extreme abundance! I read a review of this episode prior to seeing it where the reviewer said there is a strong hint of "Hellraiser" in this. Through the first part of the show, I had no idea what they were talking about. Then there is a little later when some pictures remind me of "Hellraiser 2". But I don't want to say in any way that this takes away from the movie. I can't see any other way to create the effect that was created, and in my opinion it seems remarkably better than "Hellraiser 2". Some plot twists appear later and can invite the viewer to give the movie a different look. I didn't look at it another time, but I think the beginning would make more sense if I had (not that it's confusing). The dental hygiene subplot is also nice, and I found myself back and forth about whether or not I liked the main character of his relationship with her or if I felt bad for him. He's something of an anti-hero to the whole story, if you like. I feel inclined to cheer for him as the protagonist, but he is completely impossible. While the Stuart Gordon episode may be better and I am thrilled with the "Washingtonians" episode, I guess I could bet that this is the most important episode of the season and by far the saving grace of what was otherwise unclear and routine. When legends such as John Carpenter strike me (again), I get a little worried about the future of the genres, but then a new face like Rob Schmidt comes together and gives me hope. This is a keeper and take Schmidt back to season 3!
