It's amazing that a whole franchise can grow from a good but not wonderful movie made back in the early 90s. 'Star Gate; SG1 'is undoubtedly a worthy addition to the science fiction genre and has the right to stand shoulder-to-shoulder with the' Star Trek 'as the sci-fi kings. <br /> <br /> Subsequently, from the 1994 movie "Stargate", this series sees the Stargate command (a military / science organization) assuming that the stargate system can be used to travel to different planets across the galaxy and beyond, and the military creates a number of teams to explore. SG1 is such a team led by military veteran Colonel Jack O'Neill, and includes archeologist Doctor Daniel Jackson, military researcher Captain Samantha Carter, and alien Teal'c, who has betrayed his superior leaders in the hope of one day liberating his people. The earth quickly makes a goa'uld enemy, a parasitic race that uses humans as hosts and seems to be equal to gods. <br /> <br /> The top-notch cast has much to congratulate on bringing this show to life. Richard Dean Anderson is perfect as the cynical and sarcastic O'Neill who can shift from boy to mortal at a glance. Michael Shanks, like Daniel, brings heart and a will of steel to the character, which has grown from broad-eyed innocence to darker and more stubborn as the show has evolved. Amanda Tapping, like Carter, has perfected the balance between portraying her femininity character without including the fact that she is a strong, intelligent military scientist. Christopher Judge is excellent as the devoted Teal'c, who is able to portray the character's feelings with subtlety. And Don S Davis is perfect as the respected General Hammond, leading with a good balance of justice and firmness. Almost all episodes are involved and depicted with intelligence that reflect moral dilemmas as well as friction between military interests and civil beliefs (often shown by arguments between O'Neill and Jackson). Guest characters are solidly depicted, and the arches of history are handled in a way that does not run viewers. SG1 also excels in humor, from O'Neill's wisecracks to episodes that are just crazy and weird! SG1 has everything from action to drama to romance to the excitement of death's heartbreaking scenes. It's not just an excellent sci-fi show, but it's an excellent show overall.
