Fans of the HBO series "Tales From the Crypt" will love this MOH episode. Those who know the basic archetypal stories on which most of the classic EF cartoons were based will recognize it just outside bats. <br /> <br /> Underrated indie favorite Martin Donovan (also an excellent writer - co-author of the OWN ZERO and DEATH OF YOUR SCREENS screenshots) is the kind of guy whose everyday life looks good can go either. He could play a really nice if it misunderstood the guy - next door, or he could play the same role with a creepy undertone with corrosive brittleness. In the case of RIGHT TO DIE, he takes the latter approach and it certainly works. <br /> <br /> Donovan is a recent medical affair with his slutty office receptionist (Robin Sydney), very dissatisfied with his irreconcilable, unforgiving spouse, Abbey (Julia Anderson). When the two get involved in a terrible car accident while returning from a failed weekend of "making up" and she is terribly burnt in a fire, he is reluctant to pull the plug on her, not without any enthusiastic nudging from its just slimmer lawyer and best friend (Corbin Bernsen, it looks worse for wear these days.) <br /> <br /> But Abbey has never been one to give up without a fight and this is where The episode's EC theme comes in. Cuckolded husbands - and wives - have always been the genre's favorite subject for some creepy (and OOKY) supernatural shenanigans, and this case is certainly no exception. If so, the swollen quota for sex and gore should have Bill Gaines chained with pleasure in his mausoleum somewhere. And it's not to mention that John Esposito's original script gives the infidelity a little bit twist. You do not understand when you consider that you only know half of the story until close to the end ... (think what's underneath with more gut and lawn gas, and you're there.) <br /> < Not a bad effort, but not the best of the party either. In any case, Rob Schmidt shows touches of flair here and there with the direction, especially in a scene that makes the mobile phone's picture messages actually a truly awful experience! As with most MOH episodes, this is a predominant theme this season of flaying and dismemberment, so the extremely squeamish doesn't have to apply.
