RUMORS is a memorable recording in the war series of instructional films starring "Private Snafu." The movie was aimed at soldiers and was directed, animated and scored by some of the best talent from Warner Bros. 'Termite Terrace, including Friz Freleng, Chuck Jones and Carl Stalling. The invaluable Mel Blanc delivered the voice to Snafu, and the stories and rhyming tale of many of the films were provided by Theodor Geisel, ie. Dr. Seuss. The idea was to convey basic concepts with humor and vivid images using Snaft's character as a perfect negative example: he was the dope, the little twerp, who would do everything you should NOT do. According to Chuck Jones, the scripts had to be approved by Pentagon officials, but Army brass also allowed the animators an extraordinary freedom of language and bawdy jokes, certainly more than theatrical censorship of time would allow - for the greater good of course. As the title indicates, this cartoon is an illustration of the smokers' damaging power. The setting is an army camp. Private Snafu is sitting next to another soldier in the Latin (something you don't want to see in other Hollywood movies in the era) and their informal conversation starts the ball. We observe as an offman remark about a bombing misinterpreted, so exaggerated, and then to a more frightening rumor sweeping the camp. The pictures of the picture are really alive: Anxious soldier's brain is depicted as a percolating pot, while another feverish speech is made as steaming hot air, ie. "Balloon juice." A soldier "shoots his mouth out," gun style, and before you know it, the actual baloney flies in all directions. Winged Baloney. Panic soldiers tell each other that the Brooklyn Bridge has been pulverized, Coney Island wiped out, enemy troops landed on the White House lawn, and the Japanese are in California. The visions are becoming increasingly surrealistic and nightmarish until eventually the camp is quarantined for "Rumor-itis" and Private Snafu has been unlocked in a padded cell. <br /> <br /> This is a very effective job. The film authorities dramatized their theme with gentle and sensational energy, and the message is still valid. In recent years, we have seen that catastrophic events (genuine or imagined) can breed all kinds of wild rumors that spread faster than ever thanks to communication progress. Because the technology is improved, our early Private Snafus can send their own balloon juice via email, cell phones and blogging. Therefore, RUMORS is a rare example of a wartime educational film whose important message is not dated at all; In fact, it can be more timely than ever.
