Tim Krabbe is the acclaimed author of 'Het Gouden Ei', a novel that was put on display twice ('Spoorloos' and 'The Vanishing'). One of the Dutch writers' newer works is' De Grot ', a psychological thriller about two completely different men, Egon and Axel, who meet in a youth camp and, surprisingly, become friends for the dear life. Egon is a quiet, slightly boring person who spends his time studying and writing geographical books. Axel, on the other hand, is a charismatic "party animal", a great drinking criminal whose everyday life is concerned with getting a woman into her bedroom. From the moment they meet, Axel has a strong influence on Egon, while the latter envies him because he has a good life without really doing anything (such as reading thick books like Egon); In the end, Egon himself is being pulled by Egon himself in illegal practice himself, leading to fatal transport of drugs in a distant Asian country. <br /> <br /> After reading the book last year, I was surprised that the critics were pretty positive about it. In my opinion, the book suffers especially from the complex structure. While Crab presents the story as an absorbing portrait of an unusual relationship between two people, the plot is more of a puzzle: the many episodes are not presented chronologically, so two successive scenes are rarely in the same episode. Because of this, the story feels surprisingly distant: you often need to know the background of a cartoon to really care for him or her. Another complaint was that the protagonists Egon and Axel are a bit stereotypical. Egon IS 'the' boring intellectual, while Axel is his exact opposite. In fact, such one-dimensional people rarely exist; in books and movies they always seem to be there and take a lot of credibility away. <br /> <br /> After all, the film was a pleasant surprise that was much better than the book. The adaptation stands out in its beautiful filmography, humor and acting: Fedja van Huet (Egon) is one of the few Dutch actors who can make you forget that he is acting (which, in my opinion, is the highest, an actor can achieve). The disadvantage of the film, however, is the same as the book: primarily because the characters are one-dimensional, they are so predictable that it becomes annoying. Guess who wrote the script? In fact, the crab itself. It is obvious that this talented instructor (that's what the film makes clear anyway) is hampered by a lack of acting. Maybe Koolhoven should have just chosen a better book. <br /> <br /> 7/10
