If any movie stands out extremely with the actors' plays, this is probably the one. I have never seen dialogues in such a rough way, but have a strong feeling. The movie was disturbing in moments. However, the film was horrible when editing. The movie tries to go the commercial way by adding comedy and songs, but they feel out of place. Just like Karisma is opened up, at the same time SRK is fighting (comic) with police officers. The Ishq Kamina song was very out of place. On top of that, the movie is too blank at the beginning. The direction was not bad, but certainly not something to boast about. <br /> <br /> I have to say that the actors were chosen very wisely. Without them, this movie wouldn't have any influence. Karisma Kapoor has given her best role to date and it looks very good on her record after Zubeidaa and Fiza. She looks beautiful in the first half, and I have never seen an actress scream of emotion and anger as well as her. What is most ironic is that this is probably her weakest written role to date. Nana Patekar was excellent as her father-in-law. Not much to say about him, besides this is a role for him. Deepti Naval as mother-in-law was excellent especially in her last scene. Although she didn't have much to say, her facial expressions and body language were good. The other good performance was the toddler. He was sweet and sure to bring tears to the viewers' eyes. The movie was probably rescued desperately by their performances. Sanjay Kapoor was okay, but he didn't have much to do. Shahrukh Khan was wasted in his bad boyish type of role. <br /> <br /> One thing that brought the audience to the theater was Ishq Kamina. The singing and dancing are perfect for the red lyrics. And boy Aish is sour hot. The song, however, belonged only to another movie because it came at the worst time ever. People may have come to the movie for Aish, but they won't boast too much about it later. Hum Tum Miley was properly paced, but seemed to pull as the thrill of the mood left the whole movie. Damroo Bhaje was boring and nothing to rave about. Dil Ne Pukara is too boring of a song to get the mood of the movie. Despite the poor editing, the performance alone makes it a must.
