A strong women-oriented topic after a long time, director Krishna Vamsis Shakti-The Power, the Desi version of Hollywood hit Not without my daughter is actress Sridevi's first home production. A story of a woman's struggle against harsh injustice. The story of the film is about Nandini (Karisma Kapoor), who lives in Canada with his two uncles (Tiku Talsania, Jaspal Bhatti). There she meets Shekhar (Sanjay Kapoor), falls in love with him and they marry soon. Their family is complete when Nandini has a boy, Raja (Master Jai Gidwani). But their happiness is short-lived as the news of Shekhar's grieving mother (Deepti Naval) causes them to leave their perfect life in Canada and come to India. And that's when the problems start. From the moment they reach <br /> <br /> India, both are shocked to see the pollution and the great hardships of people everywhere. They take a crowded train to reach Shekhar's village, and when they finally arrive at the station, they must catch a long bus ride to their village. The dirty sweaty bus combined with the uncertain terrain makes it an infinite vehicle. And unfortunately for them, a frenzied mob who beat Shekhar out of shape for no fault in his attack their bus. Fortunately, they are shot dead just in time before they can further harm him. Then they drive to the handling Havel, where Shekhar's father, Narsimha (Nana Patekar) lives with his wife (Deepti Naval). Nandani realized that her father-in-law has the command as soon as she enters the place, but her only consolation is the welcome of her mother-in-law. <br /> <br /> Living there teaches Nandini about his father's in-laws tyrannical behavior and realizes that reckless killing is a lifestyle for him. The day she sees her father-in-law teaches her son to throw a bomb, she loses it and winds up against him and insists on Shekhar moving back to Canada. But terror strikes again when Shekhar is murdered one day and leaves a breakdown of Nandini alone with her son in this weird land where she is devastated by a gravel father. Her struggle against this man to save his son is what is the highlight of this emotional heartbreaking movie. <br /> <br /> What sets Shakti apart from most late-movie films is also the country's setting of the movie. The only drawback is Ismail Darbar's music, which does not rise above the script. The only saving grace is the sexy item number Ishq Kameena, which is composed of Anu Malik. Another patch to the director comes because he has picked up some great achievements from his throw. Karisma Kapoor is the movie's life and has given a moving performance as a helpless mother. She is sure to win prizes for this heated depiction. Second, actor Nana Patekar is back with a bang with this movie. His sinister mannerisms fit him to the hilt, and he has demonstrated his versatility again with this role. Sanjay Kapoor is the movie's surprise package with a sincere and effective portrayal that stands up against both the other actors. Deepti Naval is also in top form and her Pr-climax showdown with Nana is commendable. Shahrukh's cameo gives the lighter moments and surely he has been drawn in to get the required star value. Although his role was not really required, he did well. Overall, Shakti is a much better movie than most churned out these days, and the Pr-release hype is sure to make it a good opening. Shakti is sure to get the critics and the audience heavy. So what if the movie needs to be desperately trimmed by at least 2 wheels to improve the effect. Shakti still has the power to continue without chopping!
