Watching this movie was the most fun I've had at the cinema for a long time. However, I cannot say whether it is a good or a bad movie because such simple qualifications simply cannot be used. This picture has everything a movie could ever have. It has the characteristics of a romantic comedy, a political commentary, a thriller, a drama, an action movie, a musical and an absurdist self-confident art film. It's all in there and adds a myth. The basic premise is about an Indian couple, Nandini (Karishma Kapoor) and Shekhar (Sanjay Kapoor), who happily live in Canada, rushing to India to visit the husband's parents after a disturbing news report. The rest of the story takes place in India, where the couple are in the middle of a plot of violent violence. At one point, the story from "Not without my baby" borrows, but to call Shakti a remake of something would be an injustice. The shady storyline takes a backseat to a number of astonishing disturbances, including Shah Rukh Khan's dream of Aishwarya Rai, which comes as out of another movie. In fact, they are two stars on all posters, but they look really late in the movie, and only Shah Rukh becomes a true character. Still, he is ready for it with an exciting and truly unexpected performance. <br /> <br /> Karishma Kapoor is the one who has the most work to do in this movie, and she does an admirable job of linking the film's twists and turns with a show of credible feelings. Another notable presence is Nana Patekar, who plays Narsimha, the tyrannical father of man Shekhar. Nana Patekar dominates every scene, he has a scary but nuanced character. <br /> <br /> The movie is not without its part of realism. Violence is tremendous, but really disturbs the abuse received by most of the female characters, with karishma being silently beaten on a number of occasions. At times, this violence is clearly disturbing, but ultimately it becomes surreal, as each dramatic sequence is usually followed by such comics and spectacular fluctuations that the overall effect is nothing but cathartic. I've seen part of Bollywood releases, and blending genres and incredible plot resolutions is definitely their norm. But "Shakti" raises the bar by absorbing an even bigger masala without being ridiculous. It's a movie that achieves the grandeur of a Shakespearian tragedy, where the audience of the refinery and royalty is just as entertained. It's clean, free movie, and director Krishna Vamsi must have had a dream of a good time by throwing in every trick in the book. Perhaps the important message of violence that committed violence and the inspirational extent of motherly love was not the mind of my mind, but I came out to see "Shakti" elated. Making movies can be the most fun in the world!
