The beauty of this movie is shown in the great depiction of the power of a mother's love, the extraordinary notions, the stable performance, and the rather innovative script. The film tells the story of an Indian woman, Nandini, who lives in Canada with her husband Shekhar and little child Raja. Still, her husband informs her that his family in India (whom she didn't even know) is in trouble and the couple rushed to India. When they enter the village, Nanadini is shocked and frightened to witness a very wild landscape culture; Shekhar's family, run by his cruel, highly cynical and relentless father Narasimha, lives a bad and very violent lifestyle full of murder and terror and where women are entertaining and helpless. Nandini begins to rub Shekhar to return home, but he is soon killed by his father's enemies. When she wants to leave, Narasimha refuses to let her take Raja back to India. Here, the intense battle that can be called "Nandini vs Narasimha" starts. India is not presented in a particularly positive light in this movie, but it shows only a very small minority of rural areas, so it can even be right. In my opinion, the depiction is fair and not one-sided, because the positive side is also presented to a large extent. Such a frightening sight could be seen in a film about any country in the world. The location is great, the music is wonderful, and Krishna Vamshi's direction is helped by very effective filmography and good editing. One thing to note is the very tender background score of Ismail Darbar, it is beautiful. The characters are very well-defined, although we see both their light and dark sides in different parts of the film. The stream is reflected realistically throughout the movie, and it is an interesting and rather entertaining watch. Its dialogues are excellent and intelligently written, and although the shocking procedure can be very disturbing on some points, a lot of positive moments manage to ease the tension. <br /> <br /> The film's greatest strength is the performances. Karisma Kapoor is breathtaking and very credible as Nandini. Her ability to strike a balance between vulnerability and unmoved feelings is simply incredible. She shows as much intensity, impulsivity, anxiety and determination as the mother who wants to get her son back, that this little child seems to be her own son. Her outbursts as they leave Nana Patekar, which is like volcanic eruptions, show us how the simplest of women can become tigress when it comes to her child. After Fiza, this is her most powerful achievement. One of the greatest actors Indian movies has seen, Nana Patekar is indescribable as Narasimha. He manages to be hateful as Narasimha is still admirable as the actor who plays him. Pateches show cruelty, wittiness and even humanity with total conviction. He is excellent. Another great achievement comes surprisingly from India's most underrated actress Deepti Naval, who sensitizes her character to perfection. Sanjay Kapoor is just adequate and Shahrukh Khan gives great comic relief. Anyway, see Shakti - it could have been better, but it's definitely a must-watch.
