On Sunday, July 27, 1997, the first episode of a new science fiction series called "Stargate SG-1" was released on Showtime. A spin-off of and successor to the 1994 film "Stargate" with Kurt Russell and James Spader, the series begins about. a year after the events portrayed in the film. For ten seasons, it crowned the adventures and misadventures of an eerie team of explorers known as SG-1. Initially, the series Richard Dean Anderson played as Colonel Jack O'Neill (two "l" s!), Michael Shanks as Dr. Daniel Jackson, Amanda Tapping as Captain Samantha Carter, Christopher Judge as Teal'c and Don S. Davis as General General George S. Hammond. For ten years, we have seen the team's struggle against the Goa'uld, the Replicators, the Ori and many other aggressors. At the same time they forged alliances with Asgard, Tok'ra, rebellion Jaffa, Nox and Tollan. They saved the world no less than eight times over the years and never gave up, not until death claimed them. And sometimes not even then. <br /> <br /> As with all long-range series, the numerous casts were changed. Michael Shanks left the series in January 2002 at the end of his fifth season to expand his horizons as an actor. Daniel Jackson's successor as the team's resident archaeologist / geek was Jonas Quinn, a stranger from a country called Kelowna on the planet Langara, played by Corin Nemec. However, Shanks returned at the beginning of the seventh season in June 2003 and Nemec left at the same time. Unfortunately, he made only an additional guest appearance, and his character was rarely mentioned afterwards. Don S. Davis left the series at the end of the seventh season in March 2004, when he felt it was time for him to go. The show's original star and no doubt its most popular actor Richard Dean Anderson was in the series during its first eight seasons. His participation in the seventh and eight seasons was noticeably smaller than in previous seasons. He finally left "SG-1" in March 2005 to spend more time with his then six-year-old daughter. Jack O'Neill was by far my favorite character in the series and the truth is told, I've never had the last two seasons as much as I did the previous episodes for the same reason. The ninth season represented a new era for the program. With the departure from the lead role and the Goa'uld defeat and the Season eight Eight replicators, many fans felt that the series was going to be high. Whichever series continued for another two years with the Ori replacing the Goa'uld as the series' biggest opponents. Three new characters were brought in to fill the gaps as it was and help initiate this reinvention. Ben Browder came in as the well-known Southern Air Force pilot Lt. Colonel Cameron Mitchell, the new head of SG-1. His co-star "Farscape", the lovely Claudia Black, began to play a prominent role in the series as the lively, sexy, fun and certainly outgoing Vala Mal Doran, a former Goa'uld host and con artist from another planet. A recurring guest star in the eighth and ninth season, she joined the full time at the beginning of her tenth and last season. Rounding off the cast was the legendary Beau Bridges as General Manager Hank Landry, SGC's new commander and an old friend of Jack O'Neill and General Hammond. For the past two years, they have played with the "SG-1" believers (Michael Shanks, Amanda Tapping and Christopher Judge) and became valuable parts of and made equally valuable contributions to the Stargate franchise. , all good things must come to an end. During the first release of the first several episodes in season ten, ratings dropped significantly, resulting in cancellation in August 2006. After ten seasons and 214 episodes, the dream was finally over. On March 13, 2007, what began with "God's Children" ended with "Infinite". The series finals made their world premiere on Sky One in the UK and Ireland before appearing on the Sci-Fi Channel in the United States on June 22, 2007. <br /> <br /> In the ten years that the series was on the air, overall lots of fans and even darkened science fiction series "Star Trek" in terms of popularity in some countries. It became the second-longest running sci-fi series in the world, the second only for "Doctor Who" (1963-1989), and the longest-running American-produced sci-fi series, having only passed "The X-Files" few months before it ended. <br /> <br /> "Stargate SG-1" represents the cornerstone of the "Stargate" franchise. In 2004, its success and popularity led to the production of a spin-off series titled "Stargate Atlantis", which unfortunately was canceled after five seasons and 100 episodes in August 2008. Although plans for another feature film fell through, two went straight to -DVD movies, "Stargate: The Truth of Ark" and "Stargate Continuum", were released in 2008 and more are planned for the not too distant future. A third live action series, "Stargate Universe", is also due to be premiered at some point next year. (Unfortunately, there was an animated series, "Stargate Infinity", which only ran from 2002 to 2003, but the less said the better). Despite the end of "SG-1" and "Atlantis" as continuing series, the future of "Stargate" looks very bright. <br /> <br /> In conclusion, while "Stargate" has not yet reached the same level of popular recognition as other major sci-fi TV franchises such as "Star Trek" and "Doctor Who", it is still relatively new compared to the two sci-fi giants, and I trust that it will last for many many years to come.
