Uneven Bollywood drama. Karisma Kapoor is excellent as an Indian woman in Canada who marries a friend (Sanjay Kapoor), has a child and then visits her family in India to find they are terrorist warlords. Drama and tragedy are followed and the film becomes a kind of NOT WITH MY BABY-styled thriller. Movies are compelling, its few song / dance numbers are uninteresting and inevitable. The screen of Bollywood song and dance is really out of character for the intensity of this movie's drama, at least when we have left the comforting limitations of their Canadian love nest ?? Although a number involving a cameo of the amazing Aishwarya Rai is pleasantly provocative, if it is ultimately misplaced. Likewise, the inclusion of Bollywood superstar Shahrukh Khan as a lucky lucky driver that helps Kapoor in his escape from the warlord's couplings makes it a very serious drama in a silly farce, and it only comes back on his feet when his character? and his fantasies about Rai, which generates her cameo dance ?? is dispensed with. His throw-away comic-book dialogue and silliness of his battle scenes detracts from the film's primary grip drama. The cast is nicely supported by Nana Patekar as warlord and the elegant Deepti Naval, who is excellent as his long-suffering wife, who finally chooses to stand up against him in one of the movie's best scenes; Ritu Shivpuri and Rajshree Solanki are also very good as Sanjay's sisters in India and very pleasing eyelashes. But Sanjay is terribly overpowering, especially under apparent ad libs. The director's actor / director Krishna Wamsi is sloppy, violent with gross transitions and sudden cuts, even though his camera movement is good. The musical underlining is also quite effective, moody, with a wordless female voice over a small orchestra ensemble (too little if any of it did on the SHAKTI's soundtrack CD, but Bollywood hasn't yet discovered the value of including scores with songs on their sound album, at least not in most cases). But SHAKTI is Karisma Kapoor's film, anyway, and the intensity of her performance as the film changes to India contrasts well with the gentle romance she engaged with Sanjay in the first Canadian scenes. In spite of the bumps in much of the image, Carism's performance sells the movie completely and strengthens its otherwise inconsistent action. Strangely, I also found the story of being another, taking on the prevailing royalty I had noticed in the COURSE OF THE APPLICABLE FLOWERS AND MARIE ANTOINETTE, which I had both seen just before, although SHAKTI is, of course, a completely different kind of film; but focus on a dysfunctional royal family ?? here live in the tense terror-fighting poverty in India instead of the elegance of Versailles or the massive megalomania of feudal China's Tang Dynasty ?? If self-serving searches of power bring ruin to many others and force a rebellion of some kind, the film makes a remarkable subtitle.
