When a rich tycoon is killed in a plane crash, his spider sister, Martha Craig (Madge Kennedy), does not believe that he grabbed the controls in a suicide dive (although self-rubbing runs in the family), but his three beautiful daughters couldn't care less. The pilot, Jim Norton (John Bromfield), goes to work for Valerie Craig (Kathleen Hughes), who soon directs him to help her wrest control over the farm from her troubled sister, Lorna (Sara Shane) and the family lawyer (Jess Barker). Valerie wants Norton to seduce Lorna when he does not stave off another sister's progress, vampi Vicki (Marla English), but her plans are thrown into a tailspin when Norton falls to its prey. All bets are off as a world of honor - including corporate chicanery, seduction, suicide, extortion, a murder plot, Mann Act, double crossing, disfigurement and poetic justice - event "Craig Manor", an impressive mansion on a bluff overlooking the sea ... This preposterous pot boiler would have made a perfect second function for the WRITE ON WIND, also from 1956. Douglas Sir's saga of a strong (and highly dysfunctional) oil cluster is said to have inspired the 1980s night-television serial DALLAS, but Craig's low-legged outing in madness works right out of the sinful sister soap, DYNASTY. All three siblings (only one of them is really bad) are great beauties, but it is Kathleen Hughes' comic villains that stand out. Valerie is relentless in her quest to inherit the family's wealth and her outrageous enthusiasm for evil is one of the film's many guilty pleasures. Teenage sister Vicki is also a lot of work reminiscent of Carmen Sternwood in BIG SLEEP. When they first meet, she pulls the same as trying to sit on Norton's lap while still standing at him with the line "I passed the sum cum laude from Embrace-able U." Whew! THREE BAD SISTERS, produced by schlockmeister Howard W. Koch, is a fantastic trash-wallow in exploitation excess and cast is B-Movie Heaven: Marla "She Creature" English, 50-year-old hunk John Bromfield (once married to French sex pot Corinne Calvet ), Universal starlet Sara Shane (discovered by Hedy Lamarr), Jess "Mr. Susan Hayward" Barker, Kathleen "It came from outer space" Hughes and formerly silent screen star Madge Kennedy give everything they have - how much it is. Future Eurotrash star Brett Halsey (The Apocalypse Course) is seen briefly as one of Vicki's victims. <br /> <br /> B-movie review: 10/10 Marla (and her body English) made amazing movies! THREE BAD SISTERS were recently seen on the big screen as part of the Palm Springs Film Noir Festival, but the jury still dries soapy water out of ... aw hell, it's noir (5/10 on the noirometer).
