Most people who hunt for movies with Audrey Tautou do not seem to understand that Amelie was a character - it is not really Audrey Tautou's real life personality, and therefore every movie she participates in will not be Amelie part 2, part 3 etc <br /> <br /> Having said that, I also downloaded this movie simply because Audrey was in it. Yes, it is true there is a big hole in the first scene where she is not seen for 45 minutes at all, but I didn't even miss her because I had so much fun with the other characters. The guy who's about everything is too funny, the guy who justifies people who run out of his cafe and jumps out on the bill by finding coupons and things that balance the loss, in fact .... getting into All the characters here could take a while, but this is one of the best movies I've seen for a while. <br /> <br /> Audrey Tautou's character Irene is not the exaggerated sugary girl that Amelie was. In fact, as Irene, her rudeness to a bum that asks for change, initially got me protected. In this film, Irene is a girl with good intentions, but during a (very horrible) day her disposition becomes more and more sour and pessimistic. <br /> <br /> What makes this movie amazing is that you have all these really interesting stories and plots of building ... very entertaining to see, great scenery and shots, very colorful and never too slow, and all the characters can actually function. The best part of the movie comes with about 20 minutes back .... it is here when all the plotters begin to mesh together, and the ride really captures and all ties together and makes sense and the whole butterfly effect is flourishing. I swear, it was the best 20 minute movie I've seen for a while and the end .... It made me think "fucking, I've fortunately found this movie". The end of this movie is top notch. The one who wrote the scripture for this is brilliant, because not only are all these other subplots going on, but somehow they all do each other (and in a sensible way, as is the case here), but also to make each character feel human and come alive, not just some stupid persona used as a crutch to build this whole butterfly effect ... very impressive. I strongly suggest this movie as it is a good movie to watch anytime, in any mood, with any business or alone.
