Most yeti images are badly undermined by a powerful tension of energy and enthusiasm. Not so gloriously bent, steep and berserk over-the-top Italian-made shot-in-Canada kitsch gut-busters: It is a wildly mature and heavily moronic horrible marvel that achieves a fantastic apotheosis of righteous overcrowding "what in hell is going on? " crackpot excess and inanity. A cargo ship crew discovers the body of a 30-foot yeti that resembles a hirsute 70's disco stud (complete with jumbo wavy afro) perfectly preserved in a large lump of ice. They fell the animal, shot him back to life with electric charges, grossly mistreated him, and held the poor hairy Goliath in a huge glass box. Before you can say "Hey, the filmmakers are clearly ripping off 'King Kong'," our titanic abominable snowdrop breaks free from his cage, takes the first delicious nubile blonde Euro vixen (the beautiful Pheonix Grant) he puts lustful eyes on, and storm away with his new lady love. The Yeti is resumed and flown to Toronto to be shown to a gawking audience. Of course he breaks free again, nabs the vixen and continues the expected stomping around the city's rampage. The sublime stupid dialogue (sample line: "Philosophy has no place in science, professor"), cheesy (far from) special effects (the awful transparent blue-screen work and cruddy Tonka's toy miniatures are particularly outrageous in their very distressing horror), clunky ( wrong) direction and a heavy-handed script that even tries a clumsy sincere "Is it another man or an animal?" ethical debate combines all to create one of the most delightful ridiculous giant monster flicks that ever roars its absurd way across the big screen. Even better, we also have a couple of funky offbeat touches to add extra-skim spice to the already juicy bell movie brew: The Vixen is brushed by a creepy nipple, which causes it to harden and induce a large, leather flash with lecherous behemoth approval (!); The vixen nurses yetiens wounded hand while making goo-goo eyes on her, however, smashing the windows with their feet as they climb a towering office building, and the frantic guy even breaks a man's neck with his toes (!!). Overall, this singularly scrubbed and shamefully uheralded should-be camp classic stands tall as a remarkable monolith of infectious asinine celluloid lunacy that is extremely worthy of a significant hardcore underground cult following.
