This is one of the finest movies coming out of Hong Kong's new wave that began with Tsui Harks "ZU: Warriors of Magic Mountain". Tsui set a tone for New Wave's approach to the martial arts movie that virtually all the New Wave directors (Jackie Chan, Sammo Hung, Wong Jing, Ching Siu Tung, etc.) accepted from then on as a given; In particular, the access to such films so far will require more than one touch of irony, if not a direct comedy. "Burning Paradise" stops all that and with revenge. It is not that there is no humor here; but it is a purely human sense of humor, as with the old Buddhist priest in the beginning, who somehow controls a quick sense of the nubile young prostitute while hiding in a bundle of straw. But it is like humans, not even Buddhist priests can be saints all the time. When the irony is finally introduced into the movie, it is the nastiest possible that comes from the 'abbot of the Red Lotus Temple, which is a study of pure nihilism that has never been recorded on film before. He is the great incarnation of Milton's Satan from "Paradise Lost": "Better to rule in hell than to serve in heaven!" And if he cannot quickly come to Satan's hell, he will turn the world around him into a living hell he can control. <br /> <br /> It's the motive that underlines the brutal violence in much of the imagery here: It's not that the abbot just wants to kill people; He wants them to despair, to feel completely hopeless, to accept his nihilism as all-encompassing reality. Thus, there is a certain sense that permeates the red temple scenes, that there is just no other reality outside the temple itself - it has become all that is for the universe, and the abbot, claiming to master infinite power, is responsible. <br /> <br /> Of course, the movie doesn't end then. Although there is a loss, the human will to be ordinary man eventually. (If you want to know how, watch the movie!) However, there is no doubt that we are visiting hell by watching this movie. Hopefully we do not testify of our own survivors; but we certainly feel spoiled by the experience - and somehow better for it all over.
