Here is another movie to be read in a satellite, fired in space and pointed towards the Andromeda galaxy to show far-reaching civilizations the best of humanity. This movie is so incredibly stupid and frankly honest to be a little more than a rip-off of the already poor film congress KING KING in 1976 that it not only manages to make that movie in the form of pure stomach laughing idiotic goofiness but successfully predicting much of Peter Jackson's miserable 2005 computer cartoon of the same name, for a "romance" between the giant (here a Yeti) and a beautiful human woman (Antonellina Interlenghi of Umberto Lenzi's Living of the Living Dead, who is very easy on the eyes ). <br /> <br /> The film was made for children, so apart from some insinuation over fish bones and a bizarre nipple tweak to say goodbye, you can forget about sex - Yeti even has some sort of giant jack belt to cover his monstrous package , the result becomes even more entertaining than anatomical correctness. But as a trade-off you get a wacky old scientist, two curious kids, Tony Kendall in a rare trip as a villain of a villain, a helpful intelligent collie dog who gets his own adventure (Dog Adventure movies were great in Europe for a piece time) and of course appear as the hero at the end to save the Yeti, who turns out to be the good guy, glorious things like front loaders designed to resemble giant monkeys, a monster that is sized literally changed scale from shot to shot, some improperly horrible deaths that will make the bloodbath in GODZILLA VS THE SMOG MONSTER look rather in comparison, the crowd reaction shots a-plenty consist of either Spanish, Italian or Canadian extras depending on the scene (you can sort tell where they shot, how the extras are dressed) and some of the most enthusiastically staged, but eerie special effects ever work in a giant movie. <br /> <br /> This is where the movie won me: It's enthusiasm just to be ma. Frank Kramer is actually the same Gianfranco Parolini who brought the world SARTANA in 1968 and GOD'S GUN the year before this and was a very important director of the Spaghetti Western and action / adventure genre movie scene from the 1960s / 1970s and at the time of YETI he was probably happy to get the job done. I would say that this is his most adventurous movie ever, or rather, the one he took most chances with, and may have felt more comfortable taking those chances with the movie aimed at children and families. The film has a kind of ruthless task to the way it was made, which makes the technical errors or inconsistencies completely meaningless. Or rather, they are part of the fun, and if the movie had been played seriously, it would not have worked - which is exactly why Peter Jackson's movie sucked. <br /> <br /> He forgot to have fun with the material and let it dictate the outcome using his army of stupid Power Macintosh pod folk animators, and with all his mistakes + clunkiness, Kramers YETI is actually closer to the spirit of why we see movies like this, which includes watching actors in monkey suits that break apart miniature sets at audio stages, not seamlessly animated vapid hours of nothing but hard disk space. I would rate this up with KING KONG VERSUS GODZILLA and IT! THE COURSE OF THE GREAT GOLEM as one of the most pleasantly unlikely giant racial monster movies ever. Because the movie looks so "fake", you can get over the story and just have fun watching things get destroyed, trampled, thrown over and smashed. Knowing it and armed with a fertile, energetic enthusiasm to have the chance to make the film, Parolini has pulled all the stops and delivers a complete adventure that can be a little rough for some of the little ones, but is the first movie I will ever share with grandchildren someday when their stupid parents leave them with me for a weekend. These are things of all ages and one of the most narrative expressions of mankind to ever be committed to celluloid. 10/10, it's about ten minutes too long, but who cares, you only come once and I'd rather go out with a smile on my face.
