I haven't always been a fan, but the show grew on me. It was only after season 5 that I began to see the show's wealth. They finally brought Daniel Jackson's search for his wife to an end, and finally, most of Go, Ould System Lords were killed by rival Lords, SG-1, or others. <br /> <br /> Against Season 5, Stargate SG-1 began to become obsolete. With the new authors and the attention of producer Peter Deleuise, the show became more and more solid. The people had also become obsolete. Colonel Jack O'Neill was the stereotypical hero with emotional baggage. After his son Charlie was killed in a shooting accident with O'Neill's arms, he had decided to end his own life by going to Abydos to come out with Go'ould RA. The character gives little growth for any actor and actor Richard Dean Anderson chose to play him straight and lift emotional barriers to protect himself. only allows his close friends in. <br /> <br /> Amanda Tapping joined the cast as captain Samantha Carter. She was a feminist on the edge, ready to fight any man who would doubt his ability to do his job. Although this character had a small area to grow, Tapping has done a good job concentrating on Carter's strengths. She has taken the time to get a basic understanding of some of the things Carter is talking about in order to present the character intelligently. <br /> <br /> Christopher Judge joined the cast and played the alien Teal'c. Teal'c was a foreigner called Jaffa. Infants Going (snake as creatures) would embed themselves in Jaffa until they had grown to the time it would be deployed in another way of life. Jaffa would die. Teal'c was the first prize of the Apophis army. Knowing that Apophis was not a god to pretend, he realized the genocide their armies had fought on the galaxy. Finally, he and Jack O'Neill have released their team with a couple of innocent people. After arriving on the ground, he realized that the earth was the planet he was looking for, who would help him fight Go'ould. Christopher Judge has done a lot with limited character. Teal'c is a wise warrior, much of whom he learned was from his teacher Master Bra'tac. The view would not be complete without Master Bra'tac played by Tony Amandola. He is also a stone. Eventually, he became an advisor to most of SG-1, especially Daniel Jackson. <br /> <br /> From the beginning, Don S. Davil was playing General George Hammand. Davis has done an incredible job with Hammond, making him sympathetic and normal. He does his job, has a wife, sons and daughters and grandchildren. You can really say he's the anchor of the bases. I would simply die for that man. If not, his superiors allow troops to support teams from the world. He wants to go himself. He doesn't leave anyone behind. <br /> <br /> I rescued Dr. Daniel Jackson last, because this character I think has grown the most in the ten or eleven years it has been on. By choosing Shanks, I don't think the manufacturer understood how strong Shanks would be, and now that people are talking about Jackson, they're not talking about Spades, they're talking about Shanks. In the early years, Jackson's character came out as a whiner. That's why I probably wasn't a fan. As the seasons sticky, the character became stronger. This gave him confidence. Eventually, from Season 10, Jackson's character has matured to the point that he has become a self-sacrificing hero. He constantly monitors the group's ethics. He is still a leader in providing information that can move any mission forward. Archeology, history, culture and exploration are part of his very being. He is determined. Although a man of peace has matured to the point that the use of his weapons can be the only way to resolve a disagreement. <br /> <br /> Other figures include: Vala Mal Doran (Claudia Black) and Colonel Cameron Mitchell (Ben Browder), new head of SG-1. Both actors come from a series called Farscape and why they were put together are some bodies guess. I see little difference between Mitchell and Crichton (Farscape character). Black's character is simply outside the wall. Completely different from her soldier as a character Arin Soon.
