I saw this when it first came to video, my little sister got it as a gift and I was probably 12 at the time ... What stood out for me was the lack of mid-film conflict that so many movies have where protagonists get angry on each other, because when it comes time to explain themselves, they just don't say the only thing that you shout on the screen that would make sense of the whole deal that any person with sensible intellect would know to say. That's what I like most about the movie, I think the protagonists don't matter to each other halfway through ... they don't break up and make up, they just grow to each other more as the movie continues. <br /> <br /> These two kids go together and even though they seem to be from opposite sides of the track, they are not so different. In fact, Loui is just some middle-class children who had to realize how lucky he was to have a loving family, and Cecelia was an upper-class club who just had to prove to her family that she was present and they would Miss her if she was gone. Anyway, I watched this movie released on Hulu and had to watch it again ... sure there are plot holes if you analyze the script and no, Woog and Dweeb shouldn't eat hot dogs as they would have been herbivores in reality. br /> <br /> Now, what detracts from the movie is unexpected scariness. Small children under the age of 5 would probably be afraid of the scenes with Dr. Screweyes. And the addition of him halfway through the movie (though it is obviously obvious in the first scene he will designate) is too sudden ... there should be a glimpse that he is doing his show earlier in the movie, maybe to Show that it is not scary without the dinosaurs. I suppose it just lacked a real current danger for the entire first half of the movie so it lacks a little continuity when it comes to the other half. <br /> <br /> Considering the audience I am can certainly overlook the not so insane animation and dialogue issues ... I think I will also give it an overview of these factors and just enjoy the story . It's a good flick for kids, and that keeps you in mind ... makes you think about how to treat people and it needs to be reviewed every 10 years, I think.
