A lot of people unfairly sh! T on this series, but several of the guinea pig videos are quite entertaining. The devil's experiment especially has some really amazing effects work - not just the infamous eyeball scene, but also a very realistic skin slice on the foot and a sledge hammer hand is very realistic - especially for the vintage and low budget of the video. <br /> <br /> Let me start at the beginning now for those who don't know: This movie is an "extreme" torture / false snus movie that surpassed Japan in the mid-80s. It's plot when it's simple: A young girl is held by a couple of men and forced to undergo a series of brutal tortures to see where her breakpoint is. This causes brutal violence - all really realistic effects, including those mentioned in the last paragraph, as well as a painful application of hot oil to the captured girl's arm and placement of the stomach in the subsequent flaky wound. <br /> <br /> The least effective sequences are at the start of the video and consist of a compelling slap session where three men turn to slap hell out of the girl as the head falls over and another sequence where the three men turn to kick the girl and push her to the ground. Of course, these two scenes are staged and degrade the reality of the rest of the procedure. The actress who plays the victim of the "experiment" is quite convincing about having pain and taking a good amount of abuse and rough stuff on the camera. Her reactions as she has headphones attached to her head and loud noises are played for hours at the end of the cooler. Some of the other abuses she is taking are tense up in a net from a tree in the only time she gets her rest. There is also a disturbing scene in which giggling trapped through the intestines on her and another disgusting sleazy scene where she is spun in an office chair and forced to drink a bottle of Jack Daniels until she is snatched. <br /> <br /> If you haven't seen this series I hope I've helped you decide whether to give this episode a shot. 8.5 / 10 for Devil's Experiment.
