Wow, many reviews for Devils Experiment are here. Wonderful. My name is Steve and I'm running Unearthed Films. We just started releasing the guinea pig movies on DVD to North America. Now before you ask why do I write a review? Instead, ask why some people bash it. I'm writing this review because I love the Guinea Pig movies. Why do I love em, that is because they go in the throat and they do not let go. I've seen it all. Almost all horror films known to man, Argento, Fulci, Bava, Buttgereit. from any underground cult feeling to all Hollywood fighters. I've seen it all, and the movies that stuck in my head over the years were definitely the Guinea Pig films. Why not try to hide the reason why we see horror movies in 1st place. This review is for Devils Experiment. I find it devoid of history, which is fine for me. Why do I watch horror movies? So I can see blood and gore and people's torture. Devils Experiment not only delivers, but that's all it is. Pure unadulterated violence. Yes I like a story, but sometimes I just want to do and Devils Experiment delivers ten times. Why bash it people. Because they like a story so a person's torture and death can be hidden behind a story. It makes them feel better about themselves. We want all blood and gore. It's just really hard to justify it if it's not packed with a story. The Guinea Pig films have a historical significance for them, and they have created a definitive splash when released. <br /> <br /> I'm excited to release one of the world's most famous horror series. Maybe I should not have written this review, but then I may have to go again. My point of view is biased because they release them, but then it is not again. I've always told people to find them and see them well before I started Unearthed Films. Sure it's exploitative and over the top, but that's not why we see horror movies in 1st place. Devils Experiment is NOT for everyone. It is only for thrill seekers and gorehounds. If you think Jason movies and Freddy Krueger movies are awesome, stick to them. But if your on the next level and have seen it all then Devil's Experiment is for you. There is a reason why they have not been released for over 17 years. They are wrong, disgusting and quite freaky and nothing to see with your mother unless she is absolutely cool. Good luck, enjoy and never stop living your life.
