I enjoyed this show for two reasons 1. Richard Dean Anderson 2. Amanda Tapping. These two performing artists carried the show with the support of the regular and recurrent actors. The replacement of RDA in seasons 9-10 was enough to take the heart out of the show. The chemistry between all the protagonists is just huge. You get the feeling that the actors like to talk around when the camera stops scrolling. This relationship goes on to the program we are going to see. The RDA gives its 'O'Neill' character credible personality. He never knows when to give wisdom in him a rest. You see the others throw their eyes in horror at some of his statements. They still know he's the man who's around when the situation is dangerous. There is a lot going on between 'Carter' and 'O'Neill' beneath the surface. They manage to keep the lid on, but often just barely. The 'Solitudes' section of Season 1 had some of the best drama ever seen on television. The love between the two made the prospect of dying deadly because they confronted it together. <br /> <br /> 'Carter' and 'Jackson' often have to slip over some of the turbulence created by 'O'Neill'. But O'Neill's tactical instincts always seem obedient. He understands what to do without having to think about it. The team has been threatened several times by the others who do not listen to his orders. <br /> <br /> Quality dropped significantly in seasons 9 and 10. The original arch of history was mostly used up and the new villains never really caught my interest. Ben Browder was far inferior to RDA in performing the show. He had his rare moments with Claudia Black, but that was all. Amanda Tapping called in her performances these two seasons. You could see her greatly changed appearance after having a baby. She probably thought more about the child than the show. <br /> <br /> The spinning "Stargate Atlantis" has a moment but is mostly a weaker bet. The big characters lack the chemistry of the casting of the original. The bad guys (Wraiths) are so unlikely they are ridiculous. Maybe Amanda Tapping can breathe some life into the program, or it won't last for the fourth season. <br /> <br /> There has always been a problem for me in the special effects of the show. Having spaceships shaped like pyramids is a design monstrosity that rarely corresponds to Sci-Fi. The use of lamps for lighting in these ships is just as bad. The campy use of ancient Egypt decor, which hides ultra-modern technology, is just as difficult to accept. I also wondered about some of the continuity of the show as well. Season 2 opens, 'Daniel Jackson' is shot up and his uniform has a hole in the hole where he was wounded. He creeps into a sarcophagus and it cures his body and restores his uniform as it just came out of the stand in the wardrobe. The 'Hathor' section has a sarcophagus that falls into the hands of the SGC, but it is never mentioned again. This device could have been used in several later episodes on 'Daniel', 'O'Neill' and 'Dr. Frasier '.
