David Mamet wrote the script and made his direct debut with the "House of Games", a character study with psychological overtones, where a psychiatrist entices into the dark world of confidence. Margaret Ford (Lindsay Crouse) has a successful practice and has written a best-selling novel, 'Driven.' Yet she is somewhat dissatisfied with her own personal life; There is an emptiness she cannot define or solve, and it primes her vulnerability. When a patient, Billy Hahn (Steven Goldstein), tells her during a session that he owes big money to some players and that they have to kill him if he doesn't pay, she decides to intervene on his behalf . This leads her to the "House of Games", a filthy little dive where she meets Mike (Joe Mantegna), a charismatic king who doesn't waste time before luring her into her world. Instead of the "twenty-five big ones" that Billy claimed he owed, Mike shows her her book and it turns out to be eight hundred dollars. And Mike agrees to wipe slate cleanly if she's going to accept making him a simple service, which involves a card game he's in the back room. In the middle of a big hand, Mike will leave the room for a few minutes; while he is away, she is tasked with looking for one of the other players. At this point, not only Margaret but also the audience are hooked. The dialogue, and Mamet's unique style and the precise cadence that his actors deliver on their lines, is fascinating. As Mike leads Margaret through her compelling, surrealistic realm of existence and introduces her to the complicated games, we are celebrated right with her. From the first memorable meeting, when he demonstrates what a "tell" is and how it works, to the lessons from "short con" to the amazing climax of this movie, the Mamet holds the console with an urgent infinite. And nothing is what it seems. In the end, Margaret teaches some difficult lessons about life and human nature and about herself. She changes and if it is for the better, it is open to speculation. The mantegna is nineteen in this movie; He gives each nuance the opportunity of a complex character, which must be able to lead you willingly into the shadows and do so. Crouse also gets an excellent performance here; You feel the stiff, unsteady turmoil that roils under the quiet, self-contained exterior, and when her experience with Mike evokes the change in her, she makes you feel how deep it has penetrated. She makes you believe she is capable of what she does and also enables you to understand it. The dynamic support molding includes Mike Nussbaum (Joey), Lilia Skala (Dr. Littauer), J.T. Walsh (The Businessman), Ricky Jay (George) and William H. Macy (Sergeant Moran). "House of Games" is the hallmark of Mamet; He has since written and directed a number of high caliber legacies and films and will undoubtedly reach us more in the future. But this movie will be the one that defines him; and you can go to the dictionary and look it up. You will find it under `Perfection. 'This is a great movie you don't want to miss. I rate this 10/10
