"The United States of Kiss My Ass" <br /> <br /> The House of Games is the right debut from playwright David Mamet, and it is an effective and sometimes surprising psychological thriller. It stars Lindsay Crouse as the best-selling psychiatrist, Margaret Ford, who decides to confront the gambler who has driven one of her patients to consider suicide. Herewith she leaves the security and comfort of her ordinary life behind and traveling 'downtown' to visit the lowlife site, the House of Games. Gambler Mike (the game outstanding by Joe Mantegna) turns out to be a bit sharp and sharp. He offers Crouse's character a deal if she is willing to sit with him in a game, a huge gambling in the back room, he will cancel the patients debt. The card game follows and soon is seen as a psychiatrist and gambler in a well-known work style (winning the trust of others) and a fascinating relationship begins. What makes the House of Games interesting and an important point of view for any movie fan is the constant guess of who is in control, it is psychiatrist or king or is it the well-known man with great bluffs David Mamet. <Br /> <br /> In the House of Games, the direction is boring and most times flat and uninspiring, but in all David Mamet movies, the story is central to the whole matter, not the direction. In the House of Games, this partly shines thanks to the amazing achievements of the two leaders (showy and distracting), but mainly as is the case with much of Mamet's work, it is the dialogue that grabbed you and slowly pulls you into the movie. No one in the House of Games says what they mean and conversations become battlefields and word war. All bluffs and double bluffs, reminiscent of a poker game's natural order. This is an ongoing theme throughout the film and is used for great effect on the right moments to create huge amounts of tension. House of Games can also be seen as a division war film class. With Lindsay Crouse, we have the middle-class, well-educated psychiatrist, and Joe Mantegna is the complete opposite, the working class in America serving by 'honest' crime. <br /> <br /> The movie seducing the viewer looks like Crouse is seduced by Mantegna and the end result is ultimately a very satisfying piece of American cinema. And the final movie is definitely something for everyone to watch and watch, it's great. An extremely comfortable movie experience worth repeating. 9.10
