I really don't know what people have against this movie, but it's definitely one of my favorites. It is not preaching, it is not rooted in the moral, it should not be controversial. It's just God. Any possible God, regardless of religion. And it's really fun. <br /> <br /> Jim Carry plays Bruce Nolan, a television reporter who is usually stuck on the lighter side of the news, desperately proving himself (more or less for himself) that he can be taken seriously and does good work in an anchor job. This drive is what slowly drives his beautiful girlfriend Grace (Jennifer Aniston) away. When the final straws are carried out, he is quick to laugh, but screams in the face of God, which in turn gives Bruce his strength. Bruce then makes his life better for himself until he is guilty of helping others where he continues to miss his power point. Meanwhile, his constant tension about his own life makes him more selfish and leaves his relationship on dangerous land. OK, it was a little long. But as a plot it works well. The step-by-step approach where we face the challenges of being God is much better than squeezing his problems together and being able to hide well. As you probably know about this movie in the first place, Carry's acting acting character (which fortunately is him) remains and manages and gives the scene to the scene. Whether they would admit it or not, the role was written or rewritten exclusively to Carrey. Without him, humor would be flat as humor is half done. And humor is very good at first. But without Carrey it would feel like it's a wonderful life wannabe. <br /> <br /> Jennifer Aniston is great and whatever some might say, it doesn't seem like the only excuse for the third act. At least you don't think when you see her. She gives a hearty performance and makes you forget that you see a movie she and Carrey feel like a real couple. The movie feels ggooooodd (see the movie to understand), has a very good feeling, tackles the idea appropriately and better than expected and overall should never have been called clamored to save Carrey's career (which didn't go anywhere).
