Jim Carrey is back to the same role he played in The Mask, a foam guy trying to move on in the world, but seems to be afflicted with mishaps. Even when he tries to help a homeless guy from being harassed by a bunch of heads (and of course they must be Mexican, of course), his good will towards his fellow again. In that case, it wasn't too hard to predict that he was having a handful of angry heads, but I think the movie suggests that things like that shouldn't be ignored. I am reminded of the episode of Michael Moore's brilliant The Awful Truth when they had a man lie down on the sidewalk and suffered death and see who would actually stop and make sure he was okay. The results were not very promising, so it is nice to see someone in the cinema a good example. <br /> <br /> Jim Carrey plays the part of Bruce Nolan, the good guy mentioned above, if his whole life seems to fall. Or better yet, it seems to break up with unfortunate blows like an asteroid that enters the atmosphere (a small metaphor that comes up when Bruce miraculously finds himself a gigantic news story later in the movie). Bruce is almost 40 years old, and all he has to show is a news reporter of the kind who reports such exciting news as the local bakery that is looking to bake the world's largest cookie. He is desperate to get the job as the main anchor at the TV station, but he loses his cool on live TV when he hears that the job went to his competing colleague. You have to love how they early reveal this news to him seconds before his first live report. Needless to say, he loses his mood on live TV in one of the funniest scenes in the whole movie. <br /> <br /> Morgan Freeman delivers a great performance as the Man himself, showing a God whose infinite wisdom is reflected in Freeman's massive talent as an actor. He is the kind of God who takes his work very seriously, but in such a way as to advise his followers (as well as the viewers of this movie) that there are times when you need to slow down and do some manual work in life . I love his line that some of the happiest people in the world come home and smell to high heaven at the end of the day. There are many people in the world (maybe more than our share in America) who are so absorbed by their money and their belongings and their jobs and everything they completely lost contact with their natural side as humans. <Br /> <br /> One of the greatest strengths is that the film is able to give advice to people in general about improving their lives, and this message is clear and acceptable, regardless of the viewer's religion. For example, I tend to reject organized religion in all forms, and I see God and Satan as metaphors for various aspects of nature and human psychology rather than real characters who have ever lived or remain alive. But in spite of the fact that I do not believe that God exists as an entity that oversees the universe or as a watchman dressed up all in white, moping the floor at his downtown office in his spare time, I could appreciate on the messages delivered in this movie. Jim Carrey's film shows this amazing development that ties them all together and makes the newer look even better just because you can see how far he has come. If you compare Bruce Almighty with movies like Ace Ventura (which I loved by the way) or much of what he did before entering movies, it's amazing how far he's come. He has moved from cheesy TV comedy to cheesy comedy to comedies that are truly intelligent and meaningful as this movie, as well as others like The Truman Show, Man on the Moon and The Majestic (one of his greatest films ever). Jim Carrey has unmistakably moved from his past cheesy comedy to becoming one of the most important comics working today. <br /> <br /> Again, Jennifer Aniston adds an excellent addition to the movie (as she did in Side-splitting Office Space) as Bruce's boyfriend, who is becoming increasingly exasperated by Bruce's growing stress on his life as well as his neglect to Ask her to marry him. There is definitely a low-brow comedy in the movie that does not really fit the meaning of the film's importance or the quality of the delivery, such as. The dog who reads the newspaper on the toilet and the whole monkey scene, but it was certainly great to see Ace Ventura's friend Spike make a cameo look. As Stephen King knows very well, it is always nice to see familiar characters. It's almost like seeing the family again. Bruce is endowed with God's powers for a given period so that he can understand life a little better, and he says a lot about himself when he uses powers only for his own purpose rather than helping all the people who pray to him. What I love about this is that religion is absent from my life, but I could see this and learn a lot about myself by thinking about what kind of things I would have done, I had been equipped with such powers. The film allows us to learn vicariously in this way, giving the message even more. The scenarios involving the news station are easily the funniest in the whole movie, as the scene when Bruce loses his mood about the anchor position, the Jimmy Hoffa scene (which was conveniently buried with an original birth certificate and a complete set of tooth samples), the scene in which Bruces The rival colleague is made to wear nuts on camera and my favorites, the ones at the beginning and the end involve the local bakery's cooking. The movie has plenty of time for Carrey to deliver some good jokes as he says to God (revealing that he is the caretaker, the proprietor, the electrician, etc.), that his Christmas parties should be real bashes and be careful about drinking, because on him it had to be home! I also loved the end when he says that behind every big man is a woman who rolls her eyes. A little too true, and as Gallagher would add, behind every great man is also a amazed mother-in-law. Bruce Almighty is one of the more memorable comedies that have come out for a while and is probably the only direct religious I can remember as I am eager to buy on DVD to add to my personal collection. It is a comedy written and performed in good taste, but with enough relatively low-brow humor to keep the children entertained. This is a meaningful comedy for the whole family, which gets rarer and rarer in those days. In a world that is being haunted by yet another American Pie movie and another scary movie (which is only scary because of their sheer barbaric idiocy), it's nice to see that there are still people making comedies worth looking at. Don't miss this one.
