This is a good episode of The New Twilight Zone that actually contains interesting ideas and clever stories (I note them both based on short stories). "Investigation Day" is set in the future, unknown year, but at a time when they have candle lights that illuminate themselves, large-scale television-looking "phones" that double so many other entertaining machines and are distributed only to those of a certain age. .and the exam day, a point where 12-year-olds must undergo a government-intensive IQ test. The child is this story, Dickie Jordan (David Mendenhall) is just celebrating his own 12th birthday and is a smart kid, so it is quiet and even eager to take the test he has seen friends and he knows he will find out from his school grades. His parents (Christopher Allport and Elizabeth Norment), on the other hand, say that he should not have used his birthday desire to get a good score, and while their reason includes that they believe he is capable and he doesn't Need to worry, it's pretty obvious they are worried. I will not give away at the end, but I will say it - there is a point where we get a glimpse of what comes so far why the test is so heavy topic: that evening (or another?) His parents Ask dickie if he prefers to watch TV all night. With today's standards we would be glad he would say he would rather read and not just because there is nothing worth looking at ... but why would his family ask it? The taste of what is encouraged and discouraged in the future reminded me a little about the atmosphere of Harrison Bergenon (which I did not get a good adaptation to the screen). I only wish they could have given an opening and closing tale to make this theme as powerful as The Obsolete Man. I found it better than the short story it was based on. I have not read it, as "A charity message" was based on, but would like, when it was interesting - a 16-year-old boy, Peter (Robert Duncan McNeill) suffers from fever from unclean water, it has always been commonplace in his Massachusetts hometown ... but he can look through the eyes of a young puritan woman suffering from the same type of fever Charity Payne (Kerry Noonann) who also finds herself able to experience what's going on around Hello M. De restores, especially since it is common in 1985, but the connection does not go away. Charity is curious about the sights and sounds she records in 1985, and they each enjoy each other's business, especially Peter, who has promoted qualities in school enough to always have felt isolated from other students, even in college he has been on somewhere on. Things are taking an unexpected turn, but when Charity reveals some of these experiences to a friend advocating that the 13 colonies break from England as a sign of poisoning, the fact that she was spared death from the fever is added ( not so common in 1700). The two are trying to learn a way to save her. The end is sad, but has an interesting last minute that makes it touching. Both parts of this episode include a lot of pain, but both times, through a lesson / warning that sounds like something that Rod Sterling would have cooked and entertained, make cheerful to look like reminders that friendship, love, and wisdom do a great deal. Probably 3/4 of this has no theme, but somehow I think it would have been approved by Sterling's crew.
