The problem is that the film rescued the 60's created concept that comics could only be done as a "camp" (ie the 60's Batman show) for television and film. Thus, you have battle sequences with subtitles (come on!), A cluelessly unromantic Doc Savage (he was uncomfortable about women in the pulse, not an idiot), Monk Mayfair in a kiosk (a scene guaranteed to give you nightmares for several nights), and the complete hokey ends with the secondary bad guy encased in gold as a Herve Villechez constitutes an Oscar statute. And when they don't make booming Sousa march scores, the tinkly little "fun" music suppresses much of the drama. Even though this is the movie ... okay. It's fun, and when it gets serious it's a very accurate representation of the masses. Except for monk, as mentioned earlier: he is very muscular, not overweight. And Long Tom, who should be a pale scary guy with an attitude, not Paul Gleason with an inexplicable scarf. <br /> <br /> For example, the green death sequences are remarkably cruel and not something I'd recommend for kids. But they are very close to the feeling of the mass. When writers and producers get it right, they get it right - I give it to them. <br /> <br /> But if the producers had done Doc with loving care and scripting, Reeves' first two superman films say what we might have had then. I think the problem is the film's schizophrenics. There is a certain sense of trying to make a 30th greeting, but they also try to give in to "Heroes must be camp" attitude that Batman created. One gets the impression that there was a fresh, first-draft, and then someone came in and said, "Hey, let's have fun - it worked with the Batman show 8 years ago!" <br /> <br /> But Doc lives on, thanks to Earl MacRauch and Buckaroo Banzai. If MacRauch doesn't make a tribute to Doc Savage in that movie, the man is really denied. So when the series actually comes on TV (supposedly in the mid-season of '99 -00), Doc Savage, updated to the 90s, will live once more.
