Of course, given the title, this first follow-up of QUARTET (1948) naturally reduces the number of W. Somerset Maugham stories that include the movie. The author still proves to introduce the episodes, but this time there is no epilogue; by the way, while the original compendium writing gave credits to R.C. Sheriff, here Maugham also lent a hand in the adjustment, as well as Noel Langley (though it is unclear whether they are contributing a segment each, they work together). As can be expected, many of the QUARTET's crew have been kept to second installment - though this also extends to at least three cast members, namely Naunton Wayne, Wilfrid Hyde-White and Felix Aylmer (the latter two having bit portions in the episode from QUARTET titled " The Colonel's Lady "). While TRIO ultimately turns out to be a lesser performance than its predecessor (slightly unbalanced by the third story taking more than half the playing time), it is still done with utmost care, acted with enlistment of a star cast and is solid pleasure "The Verger" tells of a church text (James Hayter) - for which the title of history is another word - who is dismissed after 17 years of service by the new parish priest (Michael Hordern) simply because he is illiterate. Instead of resting on the laurels despite his age, he not only takes a wife (his hostess played by Kathleen Harrison) but opens a tobacco store strategically placed in a long way where no such service is offered - and with business flourishing, this has been developed for a whole chain. The last scene then sees him visiting bank manager Felix Aylmer, who is not only surprised to learn from Hayter's lack of education, but is asked to ask him what his other interests were - as the rich (and respected) tobacco replies responded with a show irony that he had called to be a guardian! <br /> <br /> The second episode, "Mr. Know-All," is the shortest, but perhaps the most engaging one: a sail is completely siege by the unbearable presence of a pompous young man (Nigel Patrick), British despite his alien name Kelada, claiming to be an authority on virtually any subject under the sun. Naunton Wayne and Wilfrid Hyde-White are the two passengers who have to put up with him the most - the latter because he shares a cabin with the man and the former with regard to Patrick's attention to his beautiful wife (Anne Crawford). However, during a party party, the passengers decide to take advantage of their revenge on Kelada by making one of them pose him (a jest that he obviously doesn't appreciate)! Still, here he commits to showing a decent side to his character - told Crawford that the necklace she is wearing is an imitation, Wayne challenges Patrick to mention his price ... but the latter immediately realizes that it is the real article and that this would compromise Crawford's attitude if he were to tell it so that Kelada allows herself to be publicly ridiculed rather than to reveal that the woman is likely to have a secret admirer! <br /> <br /> As can also be seen from the title, "Sanatorium" deals with the countless patients in such a place - driven by Andre 'Morell; The protagonist is a new trainee, Roland Culver, who wistfully observes the various goings-on. In particular, the narrative highlights three separate threads - a humorous ("feud" between two aged Scots who are long-time resident in the sanatorium, played by Finlay Currie and John Laurie), a melodramatic (the erratic relationship between dissatisfied patient Raymond Huntley and long-suffering but affectionate wife Betty Ann Davies) and a bittersweet (the romance of naive but charming Jean Simmons and dashing cad Michael Rennie, who, despite having virtually anything against it, including the fact that Morell has diagnosed Simmons as a 'lifer', while Rennie only has a few years left for him, the couple leads to the altar).
