Made after QUARTET was, the TRIO continued the quality of the previous movie versions of the Maugham card stories. Here are the three stories VERGER, MR. VID-IT ALL, and SANITORIUM. The first two are comics (VERGER is like a protracted joke, but one with a good payout), and the last one more serious (as health issues are involved). Again, the author introduces the film and the stories. <br /> <br /> James Hayter, soon to have his signature role as Samuel Pickwick, is the hero of THE VERGER. He possesses this small type of employment in a church, but the new vicar (Michael Hordern) is an intellectual snob. When he hears Hayter has no schooling, he burns him. Hayter has saved some money so he tells his wife (Kathleen Harrison) that he wants to buy a little news and tobacco shop. He has a good eye and his shop thrives. Soon he has an entire chain of stores. When his granddaughter is baptized by the Hordern, the latter is amazed to see how prosperous his former Verger is. The payout is when bank manager Felix Aylmer meets with Hayter to diversify his investments. I leave it to you to hear the accidental but ironic coda of the meeting. According to Maugham, he met a man like Max Kelada (Nigel Patrick) on a cruise. In MR. VID-IT ALL Kelada is a splashy, friendly and slightly indulgent Middle Eastern type who is on a business trip (for jewelry) with a steamship. His roommate is Mr. Gray (the always quiet and proper Wilfred Hyde-White), something silent, Max refused. Max likes to experience things, and soon it is very much involved in the ship's entertainment. Indeed, at this time, history resembles part of the plot of the non-Maugham story and the movie CHINA SEAS (1935), when Max strives to tell a true piece of jewelry from a fake one (after insisting on a piece of jewelry he felt is real ). I will not describe the way Max rises to the apartment. <br /> <br /> SANITORIUM is the longest segment. Roland Culver plays "Ashenden" (the fictional alter-ego of Maugham - an author and once spy as in Hitchcock's SECRET AGENT). Here he must use a sanatorium for a few months for his health. He finds a remarkable crew member of people, including Jean Simmons as a weak but beautiful young woman, Finlay Currie as an irascible Scotsman, John Laurie as another irascible Scotsman who is "at war" with Currie, Raymond Huntley as a quiet patient who only shows his inner anger at his situation when his wife turns out, and Michael Rennie as a young man who has a serious life-threatening illness. Culver watches as three stories among these characters play out to their conclusions. The last one dealing with Simmons and Rennie is ironic but deeply moving. <br /> <br /> It was a dandy follow-up on the previous QUARTET and it was worth seeing.
