I found it hard to like anyone in this movie. The key figures, Lindy and Michael Chamberlain, whose daughter disappears during a night in Australian outback, are not bad people, but certainly not all or perhaps most of the many people we see throughout this movie are bad if we knew them better. But even though we are so confident that the film wants us to be the victims' fault or innocence from the start of the tragic disarray of their lives, the film takes a more or less sociological perspective on gossip, news media, crowds, mobs and assumptions . It's not a movie about especially Australia's degenerate society; It's just a statement of a true story that happened there. Society is much less developed than the individual feels assured that we are. When a workshop insists on killing all an aboriginal dog because of the unverified action of a single wild dog when a randomly destroyed life jumps even more out of control due to the majority of magazines, newspapers and television programs, the tragic truth distorts To a level of drama that provokes its consumers into a frenzy, there is no sign of empathy or even any form of looking beyond one's own unconscious beliefs, influenced to the left and right by the powerful hearsay and vibes of those who surround one's life. The reason I appreciate the movie is because it focuses on the inside, from the victims to the masses. The evidence against Lindy Chamberlain aside, the suspicion was jet-fueled mainly by a virtue of her. To the public eye, she did not seem sufficiently confused by her baby daughter. Why was she able to keep her cool, even a kind of dismissal let alone head up the TV and the press? How much of a downward spiral could have been prevented, had she built more for the public's taste in the media? Meryl Streep, one of if not the greatest actress working today, should not give a show that stands out in particular, and honestly no other actor or filmmaking department does. But she, and the scriptwriters, understand Lindy. What is infuriating is that it is not that difficult. Apparently, she was not naturally inclined to show emotions publicly in any case. Of course, whether she is available as a loving character in the immediate sense, we tend to sympathize with her situation. Whether her performance is as gratifying as Sophie's Choice, Devil Wears Prada, Angels in America or other such work is a triumph. It is very enrapture an audience when you intentionally refuse their insight into yourself. She frustrates us because we do not know what she is thinking or feeling. It took me a while to feel encouraged towards her, but it is the way of the movie to suggest the reaction to the public's attention. She is married to a priest, and they both practice a religion that is in a small minority and thus mistakenly interpreted. Initially, they respond to their losses as if they were reconciling with God's will and starting a smoking factory that creates the notion that their daughter's death was a kind of ritual killing on their side. Whatever happened to the little girl, the parents were part of a margin with whom most of the media intake was not immediately identified, so the first tendency was to go after them as a package hungry ... Now ... <br / > <br /> Meryl Streep and Sam Neill are constantly on the screen, but the Australian public plays the right leads here. Like punctuation for each plot shift, director Fred Schepisi intersects from restaurant to tennis court to evening party to salon to office, where the public is trying Lindy and is carried in their own passionate projections. <br /> <br /> This Golan-Globus docudrama is not very memorable. The setting atmosphere does not provide a comfortable enough compensation for the fact that no performance or facet of production stands out. But it is very successful as an indictment of the collective consciousness of the public.
