This review includes spoilers for those who are not aware of the details of the true story on which this movie is based. <br /> <br /> The right to be presumed "innocent until proven guilty" is a fundamental right of anyone in a civilized society but, according to the Fred Schepisis partisan, but unfortunately convincing story of a famous Australian assassination attempt, it Not given to Lindy Chamberlain, accused of killing her baby. The story suggesting her innocence was unlikely (a dingo should have taken it), but they even blamed her and there was no solid evidence against her. But the Australian public was circumcised by the possibility of her guilt, and the deeply religious comrades seemed scary when they appeared in the media (and of course the media itself was anything but innocent in this process). So even though they were cleared by an initial investigation, they were later prosecuted and convicted. Although Chamberlain was eventually released, this shamefully followed only new evidence to "prove" their innocence, something no defendant would have to produce. <br /> <br /> 'A Cry in the Dark' is well-acted throughout, especially by Meryl Streep, who transfers a compelling Australian accent (at least to this Pom's ears) and manages Lindy sympathetically (to us) while still communicating how she managed to become a national hate figure. The scenes where she is actually imprisoned are simple but heartbreaking because we believe in the characters as genuine. <br /> <br /> Regardless of the accuracy of its depiction of this story (something I can't comment on), the broader theme of this movie will be terribly terrible for everyone with a transient knowledge of the British popular press and its Ruthless habit of appealing directly to their reader's smallest charity instincts. No legal system will ever be perfect; But the current scream against asylum seekers in contemporary British tabloids comes from the same cruel as the voices that put Lindy Chamberlain away. I'm not a religious man, but the Bible still contains some dead lines (if you apologize for the pun). "Don't judge to be judged" is one of them.
