Spoilers Following: I downloaded the book "Evil Angels" when it first came out without knowing anything about the case. Just to give the press and the Austrian people a break here, I was pretty much into it before I began to question Chamberlain's fault. Of course, the author intended the reader to understand why the public jumped to the conclusions they made. John Bryson told the story just as it was presented to the jurors (and preoccupied by the press) of the arterial syringe, the actelone (??) plates, Dr. James Cameron's assurance that the collar was cut with scissors that a baby could not be taken whole from her clothes with the buttons still finished, bloody handwriting, etc. all convincing. After all, it was experts in their fields who testified without any apparent reason to lie, and the fact that the evidence was completely wrong was not obvious to me at all. It was also very technical documentation that was difficult for a layman to understand. To this point, there was hardly anyone who had heard of a dingo that attacked a human being, in addition to some principles of hearing in the trials. People didn't think it was possible. The public was suspicious of the Seventh-day Adventists whose origins made them appear to be a cult, and all kinds of wild beliefs about them contributed to the appearance of guilt. If it wasn't for dedicated, selfless lawyers working relentlessly to investigate and counteract the testimony, it would not have been enough to find Lindy out of prison later to find Azaria's clothing. The book shook me for that reason, and I have been reluctant to come to a conclusion about anyone's fault since (with the exception of OJ of course). I was thrilled that a movie would have to be made about the case and not believe it could have been better. I've always seen Sam who I could identify with hero, and Meryl was perfect as always. Beautiful photography, haunting music. I think it's not just a very good but a very important movie. Too bad it received no more publication at the time it was released.
