"An offender is often a man who has left something that has been oppressed, not always he who has done something." - Emperor Marcus Aurelius <br /> <br /> The DVD release of "Watch on the Rhine" couldn't get in a better moment. It restores us a great Lillian Hellman game that is agitated to fit the screen of Dashiell Hammett (Hellman scholar Bernard F. Dick's sound comment confirms his writing). It presents a subtle performance by Bette Davis, who took a subdued secondary role long after she became the workhorse queen of the Warner Bros. Party. Similarly, it reminds us that World War II had an intention. Of course you say what we needed. We have heard Cary Grant preachers in "Destination Tokyo" (1943) about Japanese boys and their Bushido knives. We have seen jackboots stomp the live hills in "The Sound of Music" (1965). We have toured an England which was called occupied by Germany in "Happened Here" (1966). But the truth to tell, we still need the message spread. <br /> <br /> I have an 81-year-old friend who regularly curses Franklin Roosevelt. He believes that the FDR has made the United States a foreign fight that we did not need, thereby causing his favorite father's death. He is encouraged in his demonization of Allied leaders and the trivialization of the war two by Patrick Buchanan. <br /> <br /> The political headlines have recently released a bold book of detailed research that claims that Adolf Hitler would not have posed any further threat to Poland, Europe or the world if only the third realm had been handed over The Free City of Danzig in 1939. Buchanan claims that if the selfish Poles had not confronted the Nazis, they appear to be foolishly confusing Britain and giddily altruistic France, no war would have engulfed the West. He believes that no one in Germany would have built gas chambers without allowing the overall war to provide a final solution to the Jewish problem. <br /> <br /> Some comments on this site feel that "Watch" is under the weight of old propaganda. Maybe. But neither my friend nor Pat Buchanan seem to have gotten the point of the movie: Some people hurt and kill to get to the land, goods and freedom of others; Such people dominated Axis Powers, and "enough" did not appear in their vocabulary. <br /> <br /> Paul Lukas deserved the Oscar he won. He and Bette Davis put convincing passion into their portraits of refugees fighting oppressors. They give emotional blows to the intellectual cause to step down the sidelines, to actively turn down torturers and killers. Bernard Dick notes that Hellman did not care about Luke as a person since he was apolitical. Of course, as a Hungarian, he had first replaced Bela Art's bloody proletariat dictatorship replaced an obsolete empire and then overthrew Admiral Horthy's right tyranny. In a wonderful cameo role, he added To the drama of Hammett, Henry Daniell depicts sardonic a Wehrmacht Officer in the class who protects the brown shirts he serves. His Phili von Ramme would undoubtedly stand with Field Marshal Rommel in 1944 during the plot on July 20 against Hitler. In April 1940, however, he pragmatically abolished the Nazi cause, even though he insulted Mr Blige "The Butcher" and mocks the Romanian aristocrat Teck de Brancovis for attempting to peddle information about an underground leader. Teck, a pauper and a possible cuckold, wants money and a visa to return to Europe, where he can resume the veil of a life that had been oppressed by the empire-destroying great war and the greater worldwide economic depression. He has no political beliefs, no scruples about trade in freedom struggles for his own morning. Mercury Theater candidate George Coulouris gives this burnt-out case Old World cynicism an edge of desperate threat. <br /> <br /> Lucille Watson gives a tremendous vitality to the gripping man's hostess, a dominant old gal who knows her mind and gets her way - but who doesn't appreciate her children adequately and their performance outside the home she controls. She and her poor office-bound son belong to the American version of the privileged species of von Rammes and de Brancovis. However, this family has not seen destruction and will never. They are money people who could put up with evil simply by not opposing it. <br /> <br /> This mother and son could easily make choices that would reflect the complaint of national socialism and fascism that flourishes today in my friend and in Pundit Buchanan. "Watch on the Rhine" has a manicured period look. Its dialogue reflects its erudite origins on the stage rather than sounding fresh from the streets. Still, Hellman and Hammett's movie has gut-based power. The crowd still needs to hear and hold its call for weapons against grabbers mercilessly in March.
