This was usually Alexander Korda's advice on what was set for many of his underlings; The film is credited with three directors, but in reality Alex helped Zoltan Korda and William Cameron Menzies push it to six. For John Kobal's 1987 book, "The Top 100 Movies", his study of 81 film critics saw Baghdad's Thief reach 55th. A closer examination shows that only Jose Luis Guarner, John Russell Taylor and Kobal themselves actually voted for the picture, but their high rankings were enough to take it close to the half mark. <br /> <br /> The outbreak of World War II saw the movie's production shift around England and America, eventually being completed in 1940 and winning three technical Oscars. Like Citizen Kane, in some ways, it's a movie you might admire instead of love. <br /> <br /> The special effects that are excellent on time are still reasonable and actually stop if you fall over. But it is not so much their efficiency as the inventive business. Among them is an entertaining horse, built out of a kit model which, when a key is inserted up the rear, begins to fly. There is also a killer toy of the six armed goddess Kali, (perhaps clearly a single woman with two women sitting behind her) and a completely horrible huge spider. Also impressive is the climax with its wonderful flying carpet. But the most memorable must be Rex Ingram, which acts as a fantastic moment with cinematic objection, a jinn (genius) nearly a thousand feet tall! Ingram portrays the genius as a quite threatening being, adding an element of danger to the case. And beware of the moment he is fooled back into his bottle! John Justin does well as the Arab king, who for some strange reason has an English accent and a stiff upper lip. Sabu, the astoundingly muscular 15-year-old, is the nickname Abu, a straight-forward thief. After crossing paths with the evil Jaffer (Conrad Veidt), Justin finds himself blind and Abu becomes a dog. When it looks, the rest of the movie will be told in flashback through blind Ahmed's (Justins) perspective, we find it halfway through the movie we catch up to the present and the adventure continues. In fact, the other half is something better, full of bigger events and more amazing in nature. Three small songs pepper piece, although the film lasts for 100 minutes, it feels more like a mild aroma rather than a real ingredient; I would not classify this as a musical. It is very fun; Justin and June Duprez is the love interest for mothers and dads, Veidt is the boo-elevator villain, and Abu is the youthful, irrepressible robber. It may take a while to get into the slightly dated mindset and the overblown melodrama of 40's English movies, but once you've put yourself through the first half hour an hour or so, this movie really pulls you in. Absolutely commendable.
