-The movie tells the story of a prince whose life is wonderful, but after an evil wizard tells him to go into the city disguised as a beggar, the wizard then closes the prince and soon becomes the shadow lord of Baghdad. the imprisoned prince meets a thief called Abu, who helps him escape from prison and goes to a city called Basra, where he meets a princess whom he falls in love with, but unknown to him the evil wizard Jafa is also in love with the princess and trying to convince her father to allow him to marry her. Jafa soon learns that the prince is trying to win the girls' hearts so that he makes him blind and makes Abu a dog. This causes the Prince and Abu to embark on an adventure to find a way to defeat Jafa, restore peace to Baghdad and marry the princess. during their journey, they meet everything from sarcastic geniuses who take Abu on a flight through the clouds, a giant spider that is really hungry, and a flying horse that probably gives birth to one of the most beautiful sequences my old eyes ever have seen. <br /> <br /> -This is a pure fantasy movie from start to finish, it has flying horses, geniuses, flying blankets and guides that can actually do magic instead of just hitting people with their staffs. It has no cheesy moments, and the love story is not a waste of time. Production design is just amazing in this movie. From the palaces to the various dangerous traps that the hero meets. Though this movie is over 40 years old, the production design is far better than most of the shit that gets beaten in today's cinema. The music and the songs are also well done. Anyone who sees it will undoubtedly say, "I will be sailing on the sea" as one of the great musical moments in film. I'm not usually a big fan of song in movies, as I find them as fun as making my treasures, but I'll be more than happy to make an exception for this movie. <br /> <br /> -What sells The movie for me is the pure fact that you see things you don't see in everyday life, which is also the same reason I love things like "Two Towers" and " Silent Hill ". The road before today's modern fantasy films came along with their realistic CGI to blow our minds. There was this movie that blew in mind without having a green screen scattered everywhere. One of my favorite photos in "To Towers" is where we see the trolls that open the black gates. The biggest appeal of this shot, that I saw these great fantasy creatures doing what is actually manual labor, and that is what I love about the Genius and other creatures in the movie. They are just there and trying to live like everyone else who gives them a real feeling, even though they are all just fantasy creatures. It is literally impossible to see this movie and not notice where the creators of "aladdin" got their inspiration. The characters from this movie are basically the same characters in the movie from the talkative genie right down to the flying blanket. It's not a bad thing in my eyes as it's nice to know I'm not the only one on the planet who has a deeply passionate love for this amazing movie. I saw the first thing as a child in the motherland and thought it was the biggest thing in the world, and having seen it again last week, I still think it's great. It is a true testament that a good movie can withstand the test of time. Of course, the effects look a little bit outdated and cheesy, but it was made back in the 40s so it was a break. Not everything looks obsolete, as most of the things can still keep themselves today when they are reviewed under today's standard. <br /> <br /> -If you ever wanted to see a live action version of "Aladdin" then you should have your wish with this, but the angry cynical bun will probably do well to avoid this as this is not will be their cup of tea.
