The story of "Baghdad's Thief" is complex because it is told in flashbacks and has three separate and equally important threads interwoven. The manuscript of Lajo Biros and the dialogue by Miles Malleson keep the story moving at all points. The young King Ahmad from Baghdad is angry with his visor Jaffar to perform a man for different ideas. He discovers in disguise that people owe him to Jaffar's deeds and hate him. He is jailed by Jaffar, where he meets Abu the young thief. The two flee and take a boat to the city of Basra. Spying spies when men remove the road, so no one wants to see the city's princess. Ahmad falls in love with her and visits her in her garden. He tells her that he has come to her from time to time and wins a kiss. Then he's caught. When Jaffar gets to win the princess of Basra for himself, Ahmad attacks the vicious visor who blinds him and makes Abu a dog. Jaffar then asks for the Prince's hand, and he gives the gift of a mechanical flying horse to the Sultan of Basra. The blind Ahmad then tells his story in the market, accompanied by Abu as his dog. The prince has fallen asleep and nothing can wake her. Then Jaffar sends his servant Halima to Ahmad and the dog, hoping the prince can wake her. He wakes her up. She controls a ship to find a doctor to cure Ahmad, but she is trapped by Jaffar, who then throws the dog overboard. She then allows Jaffar to take her into her arms, on her promise to restore Ahmad's vision and return Abu to a thief. The Princess sees a view of Ahmad; he is in a boat; Jaffar sends a storm to occupy him and Abu is shipwrecked on a deserted island. Abu finds a genius or jinn who wants to kill him now that he is free after many centuries that have been imprisoned in a bottle. Abu tricks him to prove that he really came from such a small vessel, then he corks again. To free him he gets three wishes. His first is for sausages. Meanwhile, the princess commits with her father to reject Jaffar; but jaffar shows the sultan a new mechanical toy, one of which six arms stab him to death. Abu makes another wish to find Ahmad. The cunning genius flies him to the goddess to the all-seeing eye. Abu must climb a large web to get to the pearl that is the eye, fighting a giant spider and then scaling the goddess statue. Abu goes into the "eye" and sees Ahmad in a canyon. He has the genius take him to Ahmad. Ahmad uses the eye to see the princess. She smells a flower and forgets everything at once. Abu wants them to be in Baghdad, but the genius laughs and leaves; Jaffar tells the princess that she is in love with him without mentioning Ahmad. Ahmad is trying to fight the princess, but Jaffar smashes the 'eye'. Abu finds himself in the "Land of Legends", where the old men who rule will make him their king. He steals a bow and a magic blanket and escapes instead of hurrying to save Ahmad and the princess. The thief arrives in time to rescue the young king from the fine, using his bow from the flying blanket, to the thrill of the crowd that had come to see the performance. Jaffar tries to escape the mechanical flying horse, but another shot from the bow finishes him. Ahmad reigns and plans to ask his princess; but when he tries to make Abu his vizier, the young thief refuses and says that what he wants is adventure, not hard work and confinement in a palace, no matter how big. This amazing story was given a lavish production by producer Alexander Korda. The production was designed by Vincent Korda, who was also art director, while Georges Perinal did the colorful filmography. The directors are credited with Ludwig Berger and Michael Powell, along with Tim Whelan, Alexander Korda, William Cameron Menzies and Zoltan Korda. The extraordinary and many costume designs were the work of John Armstrong, Oliver Messel and Marcel Vertes. The production beyond the beautiful and expensive-looking visual glory I claim is dominated by two other elements, Miklos Rozsa's gender music and Conrad Veit's performance as the evil Jaffar. Rex Ingram plays the genius with a curious accent, plus his usual intelligence and power. June Duprez is lovely and effective as Princess Mary Morris is a sad and beautiful Halima and Miles Malleson a real bumbling and avaricious Sultan. As Ahmad, John Justin seems to do most of what can be done with a young prince's part in love and then some; he is noticeably good in his winning role. This film has a spaciousness about what exists, I also claim in other Korda works. Its imaginative content contrasts with very strong realistic sets, costumes and design elements. This is one of the most memorable fantasies at all levels, worthy of being enjoyed again and again.
