An absolutely beautiful film, one of a handful, so I, when young people entered me so and still do, in Thief's case, the impression actually seems to get better with the passage of time. By the 90s my daughter and I had seen it many times on television, but still went to the pictures as it came to the local art house cinema ?? when it was finished, we came out with starry eyes with heads full of poetry and Miklos Rozsa's stirring music, who wished it could have lasted a few hours longer and thought of a beautiful world, was suddenly again. <br /> <br /> Idealistic Prince Ahmad wants to slumber it among his people for a while to check things out, but evil Vizier Jaffar takes his chance to imprison him and seize the throne. After escaping with a small thief played by Sabu, Ahmad jumps a princess and they fall dazzlingly in love ?? Along the way, they have many adventures (although apparently not enough for Sabu!) and Love not only conquers but destroys everything. Special effects must have been fascinating in 1940, but Time has taken its toll and reduced their impact, especially since the digital cartoon has taken over even live action? but they still keep well compared to movies like Superman from 40 years later. Anyway, if I am asked to suspend disbelievers in giant guffawings, fly horses and blankets, I also suspend disbelief in perfect special effects! Favorite bits: the dreamy scene in the sunlight garden when Ahmad reveals herself and Adelaide Hall's appropriate romantic song; the amazing colors of the tent in the land of the legend ?? in fact, the amazing colors throughout; Sabu and Rozsa are triumphant, but still wistful finals. Conrad Veidt played baddie in two of the most incredible movie novels ever, this and Casablanca, and then died. John Justin and June Duprez were great in the men's leading roles, both slightly and refreshingly styled, but the parts did not require a large selection of emotions: only pure love is important. <br /> <br /> There are a few mildly violent images in it, but be sure that this is a brilliant emotional experience with a 100% positive message, it's just a shame that little children today don't see it here instead of the porn they prefer. One of my Top 10 movie favorites, I can't recommend this too much ?? must be shown to the end of time.
