I managed to catch a late night dual function last night by "Before Sunrise" (1995) and "Before Sunset" (2004) and saw both films on each other without having a chance to get an impression or think about the meaning of each movie separately. After turning it over, I have to say that I mostly prefer the former to the latter, and I have to explain why. Before Sunrise introduces us to so young actors, Ethan Hawke (Reality Bites, Dead Poets Society), only 25 at the time of film release; and Julie Delpy (Three Colors Trilogy), then 26 (though they look much younger). He is a promiscuous American writer who travels Europe after joining his girlfriend; She is a young French student on her way home to Paris. They meet on the Budapest-Vienna train and decide spontaneously to get out of the train together. The two deeply spiritual and intellectual individuals than spend a whole night together, walking on the beautifully captured streets of Vienna, exchanging ideals and thoughts and gradually falling in love. <br /> <br /> The film has written over it in the 1990s: the technology jumped quickly, the new millennium with all that hope and dreams were just around the corner, and young adults like those depicted in the movie became full of love for life and passion for the future. The characters in Jesse (Hawke) and Celine (Delpy) with all their mistakes and inconsistencies (Celine's accent, if it was random or intentional, were half American half French, and it swung from one spectrum to another, breaking the character's credibility) was a mirror of the time. Seeing the naive couple swallowing life with such meaning and excitement that is all cliché and romantic, yet manages to make the audience fall for them too is what really made this movie work for me. The fact that the director does not tell you whether or not their relationship continues after the movie makes it all worth it. <br /> Overall, Sunrise is a dreamy trip through the urban landscapes of Vienna, a well-told classic romantic rendezvous, and a movie, I will certainly return to for further insight once in the future.
