When I watched this movie in the theater when it came out in 1995 via a free advanced screening, I was totally enchanted and would have liked to pay to see it. I was sorry when I spoke to many people afterwards who had also seen it and who were completely disappointed with it and how it ended. On the other hand, I felt quite the opposite. I was completely satisfied with the result and everything else. People I spoke to said there was too much to talk about! Plus they were unhappy because they felt the end left you thinking of the fate of the two characters. I found these observations to be absurd and also to be painful signs of how the majority of the American film-perceiving public seems to have a need for easy-to-follow movie stories with not too complex and intelligent dialogue so they don't confused. They also like being spoon-fat clearing - happy or sad. This deters me. No one wants to be challenged more ??? And as far as the end is concerned (and I don't want to be a spoiler), I'm completely satisfied because I know in my heart that these two characters will see each other again. It is about your own personal belief in romance and destiny. It is a very personal movie that does not speak to all people. But it certainly spoke to me. Give it a try! Be patient with it! Richard Linklater has made a very nice film with a beautiful story against the beautiful background of the city of Vienna. When you look at it, you get to feel as though you are walking through the streets of the city together with the signs. As if you were trekking through Europe on a Eurail pass yourself. It's very intimate. Plus, Ethan Hawke and Julie Delpy are doing a great job of bringing the complex script to life. They must have been improvised in some parts and it works well. They have a good chemistry in their roles. Their awkward as alien learning each other at the beginning is very credible, and you can really feel the romance and bonding evolve between those that the movie progresses. I get the feeling that this was a very personal job for Mr. Linklater and I respect him deeply to get this movie made. It definitely touched me and I hope it affects others just as much. Bravo for romance !!!
