After a chance meet on the train, a young couple spends a single night strolling on the streets of Vienna and discussing life and love. The primary reason for seeing "Before Sunrise" is to see a young Julie Delpy delivering her lines. Like "Celine", this sexy, mindful, soulful brown eyes blonde is a cross between Brigitte Bardot and Joni Mitchell as they were in the mid-twenties. Celine is virtually the ideal woman, exceptionally beautiful and very feminine, while being natural, unpretentious, introspective and selfless loving. We can easily forgive that she is a little eccentric and speaks a blue strip, for her sincere, intelligent remarks are sometimes needy. Moreover, her varied expressions are nothing short of captivating, and she speaks English with a French accent that is very appealing. <br /> <br /> If there is a fly in the ointment of this good movie, it should be her unafraid and unpleasant costar. Ethan Hawke as "Jessie" comes out as a vaguely appealing slob, a Maynard G. Krebs of the nineties. Trying to be detached and nonchalant, he pulls himself through certain shots. His trousers fit poorly, his t-shirt penetrates, his wavy dark hair (his most attractive trait) needs a good wash, and someone really should have shown him how to properly trim his youthful goatee. Nevertheless, he must represent an unwashed youth on a two-week train ride around Europe, so the appearance he has cultivated is probably quite real. His often-cynical observations and huge sense of humor seem to impress the unapologically romantic Celine, though sometimes disturbed by the extent of his alienation. When he finally admits that he is completely ill about himself and likes to be close to her because he feels like another person in her presence, we know he is going somewhere. <br /> <br /> After blowing their collective funds at a number of cafes, bars and stupid diversions, they agree that, because they may never see each other again, they should make the most of it. Jesse boasts a bottle of red wine out of a sentimental bartender, so he and his newfound love can repair to a local park in the middle of the night to lie on the grass and look up at the moon and stars and watch the sun rise. <br /> <br /> Because of his infinite success in the romance section, it is particularly annoying when Jessie, as the very definitive keyhole, defines the stupid that this wonderful young lady can slip away from her understanding. He has a half-baked plan that is quickly devised at the railway station when he asks her adieu to reunite in the same place in half a year. When the set time comes, you just know that this beautiful and unusual girl will be involved with someone else, maybe even married and pregnant. For some reason she will probably not show while Jesse, who ends up working at Target or (if lucky) the local library, will go back to Vienna, desperately to see her again, only to close alone. /> <br /> Despite what for me was a very dissuasive conclusion, "Before Sunrise" is a beautiful movie. I highly recommend both that and the sequel "Before Sunset".
