I bought the DVD before sunset and saw it for the first time a week ago. After seeing it twice, I couldn't help but miss the sunrise, not because the sequel wasn't that big, but I felt that these two films ended each other as no other successor ever did every time I ended up watching one of them Them, I feel the need and longing to see the other. So I ended up using the weeks to see them both times, I'll be pretty embarrassed to mention how many times exactly. The most notable thing about Before Sunrise is how you feel the evolution of feelings of their characters against each other. It sounds so simple, the growth of chemistry, I think other romantic films might think they succeed in following the development, but for me - who doesn't believe in Nora Ephron - Before Sunrise is the first movie that really gives viewers chance to feel it. When I saw it for the first time, for approx. 8 years ago when I was 20, I already liked it. But I did not classify it as a "big movie", it still seemed to me as another thinking person's feel good movie, Linklater was too smart to make it more realistic, it was 10 minutes too long, the characters were also well-crafted, I thought I liked it because it was like a dream and because I enjoyed their conversation, etc. But now, thanks to before sunset, I feel more like it before sunrise than what I felt before. I saw the elements more clearly: Jesse, Celine, Vienna, their conversations, everything. How each one is separate element by itself and they have a chance to mix, the story is just a time frame, I no longer feel manipulated. And the freedom that each scene has, as well as its refusal to be too effective, how blind I was, that these qualities did not strike me as unique when I first saw it! Now, 8 years have passed, the more movies I've seen, the more I realize that many movies are only collections of ordered scenes that only exist for its end, even with films such as Pulp Fiction or Linklater's own Slackers included. Jesse and the Celine story avoid it, perhaps before sunset is a better example in this case, but before sunrise is also one of the few films that its end is just a consequence of time, not a destination, every scene has its own life. I don't know if Linklater or anyone else had a sequel in mind when they made it before sunrise, but for me, one of the most amazing things about these sequels is how these two films visually contrast each other. Before sunrise, which I think uses more static angels and lighter color schemes, seems to try to capture the smallest atoms of liveliness around Jesse and Celine, the world is always full of hope for the characters to feel it or not. Meanwhile, I go into the boredom of wisdom when Jesse talked to the journalists before sunset, and Cine's first smile behind the shelves is the most heartbreaking smile I have seen in the beginning of a movie and the many moving shots after It takes me to a place I don't know about a grief in me, no matter how beautiful Paris is, and no matter how happy I am, they meet again. I'm sorry I continue with my limited English before Sunrise is already an extraordinary movie without pouring my scattered thoughts, and it gets even better with an equally great successor.
