Before Sunrise has many remarkable things, almost too many to fit into a review like this, but it is sufficient to say that it is one of the most observational character studies in the nineties, perhaps even in all modern cinemas, to Be aware of love, say, as much as it is about a human connection. How do you fall in love at first sight? No one does it, at least it is deep down on the consensus that Linklater wants to show with his film. And * anyway * there is the possibility of being so intense a connection, of a bond that can form with the young and with many ideas that can be articulated and with a breadth of cynicism and somehow very tender and true at the same time. Linklater here gives us the story of Celine and Jessie, a French girl and an American boy coming from the same train route to Vienna, and on the way there begins to talk about things, first arbitrarily, so personally (Jessie sees death for the first time in her grandfather). Jessie persuades Celine to join him on a night out on the "city" in Vienna until his flight the next morning. Before Sunrise, Jessie and Celine are in the midst of the beautiful Vienna scenery and places to go further and further on topics of great importance and, in a sense, about having conversations about how it is to see people have a lead in another and another. Here it is often about relationships and engagements, such as Jessie and Celine sometimes tell stories something inconsistent or apparently so, and another that can tell a lot about their essential qualities. We hear notices of desire for other love or what does not really love, being part of a family or part of an education that may or may not inform how you will love your life, what it means to believe or Do not believe in any religious form, or just to get any connection to any faith and soul (I loved a little about the moods of the church) and sometimes twisted with cynicism or skepticism. Jessie may be more responsible for the last part, but it is fascinating about the movie that it is never quite cynical, just to comment on cynicism, which lies in men's and women's worries of the age of their lives. <br /> <br> Meanwhile, it is always great to see Ethan Hawke and Julie Delpy in these roles where they are not incessantly annoying in the 90s Generation-X fashion, but are the kind of people where if they are not in The central notion of the film, which is not a bad one, but a necessary one, one can think of finding the street in a city somewhere. The concept is an old romantic image Ala Brief Encounter, only here is intimacy expressed in the key characters neither between each other, how sweet except is actually acceptable ("I'll tell you a secret," Jessie says and then leans into a kiss, ho-ho), or in the small moments that come up with other people along the way. I loved the scene with the poet, where it is very cinematic one thing to suddenly find a random romantic bite player in the middle of a romantic picture with such beautiful words at his disposal or with palm reader and how the reactions from Jessie and Celine are what we might share, but really see them do it firsthand. Still, Hawke and Delpy represent the roles interesting - we can see how neuroses are already being formed for their adult lives - as it can lead to the future ... <br /> <br /> With a great movie and a cue with a penny for natural white and a true sense of what it means to have a moment of happiness, though independent, as it can lead to something more. Who can say that you can't suddenly be attached to someone if it's only less than 24 hours, and so much more attached to a married couple? This is perhaps Linklaters thesis, but there is more to it than just that. It's a very close movie, and one that will make me call back to it repeatedly. A scene especially that is both cheesy and brilliant is when the two speak 'on the phone' in front of each other, which mimics their exhibits, can go to the other's friend. A +
