Many of the critics on this thread seem to choose a comparison of this movie with "The Mortal Storm" or "Casablanca". Everyone has the right to compare the films they choose, but the similarities between "The Mortal Storm" and "Watch on the Rhine" are clearly the problems of refugees threatened by Nazi juggernaut, while the main comparison point brought out by "Casablanca" is apparently unfair treatment by Humphrey Bogart in 1943 by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Science, because they chose Paul Lukas instead of the best actor Oscar. It does not hit me as completely wrong. Lukas had a good career in film (both here and in England - he is the villain of "The Lady Vanishes"), and this performance was his best. Bogart had more good performances in him than Rick Blaine (for example, he was ignored for Sam Spade in "The Maltese Falcon" and Roy Earle in "High Sierra" two years earlier, both of which were first class performances and he would not get an Oscar to his greatest performances such as Fred C. Dobbs in "The Treasure of Sierra Madres", the author / murder suspect "In a Lonely Place" and Captain Philip Francis Queeg in "The Caine Mutiny" subsequently - he got it for Charley in "The African Queen "). I think Bogie should have made it to the role of Dobbs, but that didn't happen. But Lukas was lucky - he got it on the decisive performance of his lesser career. Few can claim it. <br /> <br /> For me, the movie is watching with "Watch On The Rhine" based on another game / script by Hellman, "The Searching Wind". They both see American spirit of isolationism in the 1920s and 1930s. "The Searching Wind" really looks at the whole war, while "Watch On The Rhine", set in the years of entering the Second World War, deals with a few weeks of time. Therefore, it is better constructed as a game and more meaningful for its influence. <br /> <br /> The movie has many good performances, led by Lukas as the exhausted, but decided anti-Nazi fighter / courier, Davis as his loyal wife (wise to keep his character as low as possible because Luke is the one Center for the Drama's Activities), Coulouris as the selfish, conniving, but ultimately stupid and ineffective Teck, Lucille Watson as mother of Davis and Geraldine Fitzgerald (as Coulouris wiser and more sad and upset wife) and Kurt Katch who delivers a devastating criticism (like the local Embassy Gestapo chief) about Coulouris and others who would deal with the Nazis. It has a dialogue with bites in it. And what it says is absolutely true. It also has moments of near poetry. Witness the scene, to the end, when Coulouris is left alone with Lukas and Davis, saying, "The New World has left the scene of the Old World". Hellman could write very well at times. <br /> <br /> Based on the strength of the film script and performances, I would rate this movie high among other World War II films.
