Lillian Hellman, one of America's most famous female dramatists, was a woman with a mission. Her left-wing view was not considered at the time in the country. In her memoir, she tells her trip to the then Soviet Union when she was fascinated by the so-called successes achieved by this system. "Watch on the Rhine" must have come as a result of these years. The Left in America, which had a worldwide problem with the rise of fascism, not only in Europe but also in Japan. "Watch on the Rhine" was a game produced on Broadway eight months before the Pearl Harbor attack by the Japanese. Sir. Hellman was heraldic America's entry into World War II. The adaptation is credited to Mrs Hellman and Dashiell Hammett, her long companion. Referring to the screen of Herman Shumlin, the film was well received as it premiered in 1943. <br /> <br /> We are introduced to the Muller family when the movie opens. They cross the border with the United States from Mexico. They will continue towards Mrs Muller's home in Washington, D.C., where her mother, Fanny Farrelly, is a smaller celebrity hostess. Mullers, we realize, are flying Europe because of the persecution against the opponents of the progressive totalitarian regime in Germany. In fact, we somehow believed that Mullers could have been better justified if they were Jewish, fleeing a safe extinction. <br /> <br /> We find out that Mr. Muller has had a terrible time in his native country, as well as elsewhere, because his openness in rejecting Fascim. Little does he know that he is coming to his son-in-law, who houses one of the worst exponents of that philosophy. <br /> <br /> The movie offers excellent plays around. It's a curiosity piece because of Bette Davis' supportive role. Paul Lukas, repeating his Broadway role, is absolutely convincing as Kurt Muller, the righteous man who wants to create a better world for himself and his family. Mr. Lukas does a good job depicting Kurt Muller and repeats the role that made him a scene luminary on Broadway. The second best achievement is Lucile Watson, who plays Fanny Farrelly, this family's matriarch. . Geraldine Fitzgerald is seen as Marthe de Brancovis, a Farrelly guest, married to the despicable Teck de Brancovis, a Nazi sympathizer, played by George Coulouris. Beulah Bondi, Donald Woods, and the rest of the support provide good performances run by Mr. Shumlin. <br /> <br /> The movie should serve as a reminder of the evils of totalitarian rule, no matter where.
