Before Sunrise is romance for the slack generation. Richard Linklater's romantic drama is a creepy tale that a dream comes true for most people. The film depicts romance in all its glory, but without any of the pitfalls that hit most couples; and in short, movies are about two people who have a relationship that is as close to perfection as relationships ever come to - with only one problem, the time problem. While most relationships go down with time, it still holds strong all the time, and time is the only one to wear out. Before Sunrise is certainly not the typical sentimental 'Hollywood Romance', which is another aspect that puts this movie league ahead of pretenders. The story follows two people, Jesse; an American and celine; a French girl meeting on a train to Vienna. They connect immediately, and after telling her his horrible idea for a TV show and almost coming out of the train, Jesse asks Celine to join him for the day in the picturesque city of Vienna ... Before sunrise works mostly two reasons - realistic plays and a huge script that builds the characters through their thoughts and emotions and thus allows us to get to know them as we do in reality. This allows the characters to be free and it is easy to believe that these are real people and not just actors working from a script. This also allows us to feel the characters for who they are and not just because they are the main characters. This kind of realism is hard to pick up as we as the audience at the end of the day know that they are watching movies and not observing real life; But before sunrise, one of the most true to life's exhibits represents realism ever to be seen on the screen. A really good script can't work on its own and needs great actors to deliver it to a degree that does it fairly and even if I'm not a fan of either Julie Deply or Ethan Hawke. When you watch this movie, there is nothing you can do but give them both respect. I don't know if they were characteristic or just playing themselves, but when a movie is so good; it does not mean anything. <br /> <br /> In a movie like this it is the font that is the most important and contained in the script are several observations about life, most of which I personally could relate to. This represents what Richard Linklater has achieved with this script, as it not only creates and builds the characters, but it also reveals what true love is with many other aspects of life. The fact that not all the anecdotes are relatable to me personally again represents the shine of writing. Everyone is different and so different parts of the script will appeal to different people. There could be certain aspects about a person whom a person loves and another hates; And that's the case with musings in this script. The addition to the beauty of the movie is the city of Vienna. The city itself is not really important for the movie, as it is a story that could have taken place almost anywhere - but it gives some lovely visuals, and the encouraging, energetic romance that blooms throughout the movie is matched by the beauty of the location . <br /> <br /> Before Sunrise is also beautiful and captivating. Richard Linklater has created something that is rare in the cinema world; a movie that captures the beauty of life without going over the top or being too sentimental. Before sunrise is what it is. And what it is is pure cinematic shine.
