When I found the movie in the schedule for Christmas, the title was not known to me since I didn't read the novel and didn't hear anything about the movie. But after reading the content, I decided to spend my Christmas Eve watching the movie. The effect completely surprised me: I can't remember when I last saw a movie where every single moment involved me. A VOW TO CHERISH is undoubtedly one of the movies that is now a real surprise I received from the cinema. Here are some arguments for me, why I consider this movie a very underrated piece of good cinema. <br /> <br /> First, the entire content is particularly educational. It has something to offer to the modern audience - pure faith and some answers to the universal questions. Is there a need for Christ in our time? Does love still matter? What is there for faith? What is the logic of burden and suffering in life? Is there really anyone on my side I can always trust? The film gives the answers through the content, as everything that happens to the characters can just as well happen to any of us. <br /> <br /> Second, the film is extraordinarily humane. The protagonists experience inner struggles and cope with extremely tough decisions. Is it better for Kyle David Denman and Teri (Megan Paul) to start their own lives and forget about the family or keep the values ​​they were taught at home? Is it better for John (Ken Howard) to leave Ellen (Barbara Babcock), his sick wife and start a new good life with Julia (Donna Bullock), a woman he falls in love with? In fact, Ellen doesn't recognize him anymore ... But he decides to lift his WIL eternal fidelity. Had John rebellious brother Phil (D. David Morin) better go to his light life, even if it does not bring him satisfaction or even begin to think seriously about his life. Phil's prayer to God in the park is a psychological masterpiece of universal aspect of humanity. These words can equally well be said by everyone, no matter where, when or how they live. <br /> <br /> Third, the movie is a great depiction of the family, not very popular today: there are problems, but still, there is always something more powerful that brings these people together. This "something" is love and trust. I know it may seem a bit idealistic. Not all families can rely on fidelity and it can't be as simple as that. Nevertheless, it is a very educational aspect and a realistic one. Fourth, the entire film focuses on people's shared help. If we want to live happy lives in our society, we need to understand one thing: we need to help each other. Alexander (Ossie Davis) is an example of such an attitude. At the start of the film, we see him talking to John about praying. Later he helps his brother. Alexander is a kind of "angel" sent to John and his family. Isn't it possible that we can become angels to each other? <br/> Fifth, the artistic features are also important. Services: Barbara Babcock gives a real performance like Ellen, and though she has a difficult role, she does a perfect job. For example, think of the moment she looks at the school and wants to teach again. Ken Howard is also memorable as the faithful man. PICTURE: The most memorable for me was John and Ellen's scene in the park that went on the fallen leaves (autumn), while sunshine (love) spread everywhere. I interpreted as a kind of symbol: though there is sorrow, it can always be illuminated by light and joy ... A VOW TO CHERISH is a wonderful movie that realistically showed me what it means to love what fidelity is so good it showed me again how beautiful it is to live and believe. In the end I would like to quote the deep words from the movie, I found very touching and hope you will too. <br /> <br /> Kyle to his uncle Phil: Yes, he (John Brighton) lives in accordance with the Bible. But no one forces you to do it. But what rules do you live in?
