I tell you a story in the summer of 1994. A friend and I attended a Canada Day concert in Barrie, and it was one of the best Canadian bands of the age. We got there around 4am, waited in the queue most of the morning, and when the doors opened at. 9, we were among the first in the gates. We waited and waited in the hot sun, slowly broiling, but we didn't care because the headliners were among our favorites. At one point, early in the afternoon, I sat down with my back to the barrier. I was awakened to my shock and dismay by a screaming girl wearing a Rheostatics t-shirt. This is why I hated Rheostatika for this day. There is nothing reasonable, neither tasteful nor anything other than their fandom. Snotty of me, isn't it? So I have in my hat of the band denied me the joy that is whale music. <br /> <br /> Desmond Howl had it all. It's hard to say what he's lost when he lives in a stunning mansion sandwiched between the sea and the mountains (the BC region where the movie was shot is breathtaking). The life that most of us dream of is dismantled by dreams, phantoms and its own past until the day a teenaged criminal breaks in ... and, as it sounds, breaks him out. <br /> <br /> The Canadian movie theater suffers from several issues. Generally lacking money as well as an insufficient lack of asking for help (as if somehow the function ceases to be Canadian) leads to lower production values ​​than American or British movies, and most people don't like to see anything that sounds or looks good, not like an American movie. Then Canadian scriptwriters often seem so trapped in being weird that they lose sight of how to tell a good story and tell it well. Third, they seem to think that free news (often full frontal) does something artistic. I'm sure anyone who sees enough Canadian movies, especially late at night at CBC, knows exactly what I'm talking about. It's almost like a "don't do this" handbook out there somewhere, and Canadian filmmakers threw it long ago. <br /> <br /> In the 90s and 00s, however, some movies (such as Bruce McDonald's work and the brilliant CRAZY) have broken this mold and managed to maintain what makes them Canadian at the same time they keep clear production values ​​and good stories. Whale Music is such a film on the surface. Deeper than just its Canadian isms, it is a profound story of a man who has lost his grip, through grief and surplus redeemed by music and then by love. And it even fixes Rostostatika. :)
