"Emma" was a product of what could be called the First Great Jane Austen bike in the mid-nineties, and it was recently shown on British television, no doubt because of the interest of the author created by the second Great Jane Austen cycle, which began with "Pride and Prejudice" two years ago. We currently have cinemas Austen biopic "Becoming Jane" and ITV has recently produced three television films based on eastern novels. These include "Northanger Abbey", the only six major novels that should not have been filmed earlier, so the bike should now be complete. There is no doubt that there will be more to come in the near future. (There is after all her juvenile "Love and Freindship" (sic), the short novella "Lady Susan", and someone, somewhere, has undoubtedly delivered ends to her two unfinished fragments "The Watsons" and "Sanditon" There are all these Austen successors combed by modern authors ??????). The main character is Emma Woodhouse, a young lady from an aristocratic family in Regency England. (Not as some reviewers have assumed, Victorian England-Austen died before Queen Victoria herself was born). Emma is financially better than most Austen heroines such as Elizabeth Bennett or Fanny Price, and does not need to find herself a wealthy man. Instead, her main concern seems to be finding husbands for her friends. She persuades her friend Harriet to make a proposal for marriage from a young farmer, Robert Martin, believing that Harriet should put her sights on the ambitious priest Elton. This scheme goes wrong disastrously when Elton is not interested in Harriet but is in love with Emma herself. The speed at which Emma rejects her proposal is just wondering why she was so eager to match her friend with a man she greeted (for good reason) as an unsuitable marriage partner for herself. This is a Jane Austen plot, and Emma turns out to be less engaged spinster than she thinks, and she also thinks she falls in love, leading to further complications. Emma always insists that she will not marry without devotion, and when she finds a partner, the beautiful Mr Knightley, we believe that this will really be a loving marriage. However, it does not seem to be a very passionate (as opposed to, says Elizabeth Bennett and Mr Darcy). Knightley, who is sixteen years old than Emma (she is 21, he 37), and related to her by marriage, is more like a father figure than a lover. Much more of a father figure in reality than her real father, a querulous and selfish old hypochondriate that looks more like her grandfather. When Emma is rude to her unbearably horrible and boring friend, Miss Bates, it is Knightley who commends her for her lack of manners. (His last name is probably meant to indicate that his 19th-century gentleman's gentleman liked to think of himself as the modern equivalent of medieval knights with their elaborate correspondence codes). Both Gwyneth Paltrow and Jeremy Northam play their parts very well, but this is not really one of the big screen romances. Of the other characters, I liked Juliet Stephenson's vulgar wife Elton and Toni Collette's Harriet. I know that in the short story, Harriet was a naive young teenager, while here she is more like the character Collette played in "Muriel's wedding" - a gauche, a little overweight twentysomething, reassuring her chances of finding a man. Nevertheless, I felt that this characterization worked well in the context of the film and did not detract from Austen's themes. <br /> <br /> "Emma" is one of Austen's more bright works without the darker overtones of "Mansfield Park" or even "Pride and Prejudice" and this is reflected on the screen. We see a world of beauty and grace, full of stables and elegant costumes and fine manners. Except for the ruffianly gypsies who make a very short appearance, the only "poor" people we see are Mrs Bates and her daughter and they live in the kind of picturesque rose-covered thatched cottage that would change hands 500,000 today £, we can be sure their poverty is relative, not absolute. In Emma's world, poverty is defined as not having your own state home. Of course, this is not a comprehensive picture of the early nineteenth century life, but no one has ever claimed Austen as the Regency equivalent of a kitchen sink realist. Sophisticated romantic comedy combined with a huge eye for analyzing human character was more in its line. I would not judge this movie as high as 1994 "Sense and Sensibility" or the recent "Pride and Prejudice" - it tends to pull a little in the middle even though it has a strong beginning and a strong ending - but it is essentially an extremely comfortable Austen fit. 10.7
