Romance is in the air, and love is in bloom in the Victorian era of England. In this light hearted story set against a society at a time when manners were still fashionable, the ladies were charming and elegant, and the gentlemen dashed. `Emma, ​​'based on the short story of Jane Austen and written for the screen and directed by Douglas McGrath, stars the beautiful Gwyneth Paltrow in the title role. A self-proclaimed matchmaker, Emma, ​​enjoys the romantic notion of playing Cupid and trying to pair those she feels fit with each other. After a successful match that ended in marriage, she next finds herself finding a friend for her friend, Harriet (Toni Collette), but the result of her first attempt turns out to be less than satisfactory. Meanwhile, her efforts are tempered by the beautiful Mr Knightley (Jeremy Northam) whose insight into heart issues often seems to be a little more sparse than Emma's and lend some necessary balance to the case. And Emma, ​​so worried about what's right for others, neglects the heart, which is actually the most important of all: Her own. The world goes round and love abounds, but Emma is missing out on the boat. Luckily for her, however, someone is just right for her to wait in the wings. Now if she can just stop long enough to realize it. But as anyone who has known true love knows, heart issues can go right or wrong in an instant depending on the smallest thing; And while romance is present for Emma, ​​she must first recognize it and address the moment. <br /> <br /> McGrath has made and delivered a nice, sensitive film that is like a breath of fresh air in our often turbulent world. There may be an air of passion about it, but in retrospect, this story is about something that is perhaps the most important thing - frankly - for almost everyone: love. And with McGrath's impeccable sense of pace and timing, it all plays out in a way that is totally entertaining and fun. It's a comfortable, affecting movie with a wonderful cast that successfully transports the viewer to another time and place. It's light fare, but absorbent; And the picturesque settings and procedures provide a sense of well-being and tranquility that allows you to immerse yourself in it and just go with the flow. The win-win Paltrow, who won Oscar for Best Actress for `Shakespeare In Love 'two years after making this, seems comfortable and at home in this genre. She personifies all things British and does so with such naturalness and facility that it is the kind of performance that is easily taken for granted or overlooked altogether. She is simply so good at what she does and makes it so easy. She has a charismatic display presence and an endearing way, much like Audrey Hepburn. Yet Paltrow is unique. As an actor, she has a wide range and style and has demonstrated - with movies like `Hard Eight ',` Hush' and `A Perfect Murder '- that she can play almost every part effectively and with the personal touch that does every role she plays its own. But there are signs like Emma that she really shines. She is so expressive and open, and her personality is so engaging that she is a person with whom it is easy to relate and just a joy to see, no matter what part she plays. And for Emma she is absolutely perfect. <br /> <br /> Jeremy Northam also rejects very well in the role of Knightley, and as Paltrow seems to fit the genre - in the right role, that is; His performance in the recent "The Golden Bowl" where he played an Italian prince was less than satisfactory. Here, however, he is perfect; He is handsome and carries in such a way that he makes Knightley credible and very real. As Colin Firths Mr. Darcy in the miniseries 'Pride and Prejudice', Northam has created a memorable character with his own Mr. Knightley. <br /> <br /> Also excellent for supporting roles and worth mentioning is Toni Collette, as Emmas friend Harriet Smith; and Alan Cumming, who repeats Elton. In return, Collette and Cumming create characters that are very real people and as such become an important asset for the overall success of this movie. And it shows just how invaluable the supporting players are in the cinema world and the movies of any genre. Support model includes Greta Scacchi (Mrs. Weston), Denys Hawthorne (Mr. Woodhouse), Sophie Thompson (Miss Bates), Kathleen Byron (Mrs. Goddard), Phyllida Law (Mrs. Bates), Polly Walker (Jane Fairfax) and Ewan McGregor (Frank Churchill). An uplifting, elegant movie 'Emma' is a reminder of civilized behavior and the value of gentleness and grace in a world that is often obsessed with discomfort. And even though it is only through the magic of the silver screen, it is nice to be able to escape to such a world like this, only for a few hours, as it meets the need for a renewal of faith in the human spirit. And that's the magic of the movie. I rate this 9/10. <br /> <br /> <br />
