Director Vincenzo Natali first showed his feel for character-based sci-fi flicks with his 1997 short film "Elevated", where 3 people remain trapped in a lift, while invisible monsters roam the building. His follow-up function project "Cube", which was released later that year, had a very similar premise, this time with 6 people and instead of a lift it was a great extension of interlocking cubic deathtraps. Both were admirable attempts to take the sci-fi genre one step further, deliberately declining to show almost any visual stimulation and instead choosing to spend as much time as possible focusing on the human element, how the signs work, reacts and interacts with incomprehensible and dangerous conditions. After exploring the common with 2002's "Cypher", Natali has returned to her bizarre character film tending to bring us "Nothing", his latest and most optimistic and comical take on the broad cinematic world of "What If?" "<br /> <br /> Dave (David Hewlett) and Andrew (Andrew Miller) are lifelong friends, united by a community detachment and a lack of someone else to join. Dave, who has always been obstructed by a selfish and somewhat dimwitted nature, lives free of interest with Andrew in his miserable and poorly constructed house, often utilizing the other's neurotic and antisocial mentality. In spite of all this, the two misfits are happy together until their deep character fields, along with some astronomical bad luck, land them in the midst of some rather serious prison sentences. In addition, they discover that their house has been considered unsuitable for existence, and it is planned to be demolished before sunset, so in the lazy, nightmarish panic of everything that goes wrong with them, they want the whole world just to disappear. And it does. <br /> <br /> Going further with synopsis would compromise much of the movie's slow (occasionally too slow) disclosure of what has happened to Dave and Andrew and how they handle their new reality. Natali is intrigued by studying human behavior during coercion (ala The Birds) is here in spades, but simply by making protagonists friends rather than strangers, he can break away from the thriller horror element of this premise to open it up to a more comfortable and optimistic level. It is almost as if he has made the aphoristic opposite of "Cube". <br /> <br /> Of course, the movie is not 85 minutes of laughter and sunshine. In line with fundamental realism, our two antihalts often become antagonistic, sometimes with rather unpleasant results. Like the "Desert Island" game, the film looks at how even best friends, when together alone, can fall apart, but at the same time, it turns out that friends are crucial to the quality of existence. In a very twisted, sci-fi way, this is a good flick with good heart and good intentions. But there are a few angels to be with "Nothing". While the two main actors Hewlett and Miller are happy with their parts, their characters are almost not as interesting as they should have been, as it is up to them to entertain us for more than an hour. There is some development in the relationship and personalities of Dave and Andrew, some background is given, but in the end not enough. A generous viewer will sit through the less engaging parts of the movie to see it through to the end, but cynics will probably give up quite quickly. <br /> <br /> As mentioned, it is enough and given the amount of "green-screen" work that would have been needed, reasonably convincing. David Hewlett and Andrew Miller, who both wrote the co-written manuscript, have been friends for a long time by Vincenzo Natali: Hewlett has actually featured in every movie Natali has made. Perhaps it was their creative input that steered this movie in a more positive direction. Nevertheless, history could have been much more involved. Granted, it's relatively entertaining given that there is no saying nothing really happens, but you get the impression that in more experienced hands much more could have been done with this premise. <br /> <br /> In All Justice, "Nothing" is an impressive job in many ways. The concept is interesting, the direction is inventive, the script works on a human level and above all, it turns out to be a progress in Natali's creative mentality. For fans of their work it will be a pleasure, and for others it will be a good way to pass a little unwanted time. It's just a shame that the director's fixation on human drama prevented it from being the great, fun movie it could have been.
