Tweaked a little, 'Nothing' could be a children's movie. It is a very clever concept, touching on some interesting metaphysical themes, and opposes virtually any Hollywood convention you can think of ... What goes against everything more than literally "nothing"? Nothing is the story of two friends who want the world away when everything goes wrong with their lives. All that is left is what they do not hate and a large empty white space. It's hard to focus a story on just two actors for the majority of your movie, especially without any cuts to anything going on outside the plot. It focuses on virtually one topic, but it is the prime Vincenzo Natali area. If you have seen 'Cube', you already know that he tends to suffer from such a situation. "Nothing" in this movie seems to be infinite space, but Natali somehow manages to make it something claustrophobic, if only literally nothing else, and nothing else to do. The actors sell it, even though you can tell these guys are still friends. Two actors from 'Cube' return here (Worth and Kazan), but are quite different characters. They change throughout history, and though they are not the strongest actors in the world, they are certainly credible. The reason I say this could be a children's movie during the right tweaks is because apart from a few f-bombs and a somewhat unnecessary bloody dream sequence, the capricious and often stupid feeling of this movie can be easily digested by the kids. So I find it a strange choice that the authors decided to add some crass language and a little bit to do, especially considering that there is not much of it. This could have gotten a PG rating easily if they had just cut out a few things and changed a little dialogue. There is very little offense about this movie, but just enough to keep the parents out of their children to see it. I'm just saying it's a shame because it's not because I support censorship, but because it may have been the only thing that prevents this movie from getting wider exposure. It is at least a relatively entertaining movie, albeit with a few drawn-out scenes. But to be literally about nothing and focused solely on two characters and their interactions with absolutely nothing, they do a surprisingly good job for an independent film.
