Having seen CUBE, I have been a fan of Vincenzo Natali's work. Natali seems to have this inappropriate ability to take a story and hardly twist it as a wet towel for the whole story he can muster. Instead, he lets the stories unfold in natural ways, so much in fact, that you actually think there is this cube where people are trying to escape, or in the case of nothing, a large empty expansion wherever there is. .. nothing! The ad had connected me immediately. It seemed so simple! Take two characters that no one likes and send them to a world where there is nothing. Natali makes it so simple that you forget the logic that a place where there is nothing cannot exist. In fact, nothing in the movie becomes something ironic. There is nothing there, but also something there. <br /> <br /> It may be a good time to point out that the trailer is very misleading. I was fortunate enough to actually understand that the movie leaned on a more comical side than the trailer otherwise told it. Therefore, when I saw the movie, I sometimes laughed, while a person who misled the ad might find himself completely confused. <br /> <br /> If I might take a moment to give the film some praise, where the film stands out is the concept. It is a genius concept to have a world of nothing and to put two characters there, NOT two brilliant minded characters who will philosophize and train their surroundings, but two idiots who have absolutely no idea where hell they are! Another strong point is the film's filmography, although at first it doesn't seem to be! Where each wall, north, earth, south, west, up and down is just a white plane, a depth error becomes defective. It's hard to decide where things are placed in the Mis-A-Scene. The cinematography has many moments when this actually happens, but for the most part, the camera is placed so that two characters, or an object and a character, are placed in the foreground and the background, which makes it possible to achieve a deep feel. /> <br /> But this movie is missing in some areas. The movie is relatively short, but for a while the news of this world of nothing becomes boring and you want to find some sort of resolution within the plot. We can also argue that the play is again questionable. These two signs are somehow odd, so we feel no sympathy at any time for these signs. But on the other hand, the chain and friendship between the two characters seem to be enough, but something is missing. <br /> <br /> I still do it as a thoroughly enjoyable movie! Don't let the trailer fool you into thinking it's another science-fiction horror movie. It's a lot more of a comedy than that! It is actually worth seeing for yourself, solely for the concept itself!
