Nothing is amazing! Simple as that! It's a movie that shouldn't work, but do it. Natali stays in Sci-Fi, but this movie is also a comedy. Cypher thought it was a big budgeting affair for Natali (at $ 7.5m! Woo-hoo Pa!) So with nothing he scales down again. This is low budget, independent filmmaking at the best. Simple, good old-fashioned storytelling and an attempt to make a film for artistic profit as appealed to Hollywood's usual causes for most of the financial gain. Nothing is a movie about Nothing, and before you ask, no it's not like Seinfeld! Basically, Andrew and Dave are a few losers. They live in a strange looking house under two highways. Andrew is a telesales travel agency that is agoraphobic, while Dave is Andrew's best friend staying with him, renting free to help him out. However, Dave is tired of it and has a beautiful girlfriend whom he wants to move in with. However, by bizarre misfortune, Dave finds his girlfriend confused a huge amount of money from Dave's workplace incriminating Dave, and Andrew is mistakenly accused of sexually assaulting a girl scout (Canadian humorist!). As it turns out, the house of Others must be demolished, and he cannot stop it when the house was built on land, it should not have been built further. Both Andrew and Dave are in the house when the police and demolition team call. They are desperate and cannot escape, and in panic and confusion, just as police outbreaks in all fall to white. What has happened? Did Dave and Andrew die? They wake up to still find themselves in the house, but it's quiet. No police, no demolition team, no angry girl-scout mother! What happens, Dave and Andy discover that they have the ability to "desire or hate away". As it turns out, they have hated the whole world outside. They stand alone. The house is surrounded by nothing, which is portrayed as pure white. So what that means is that the movie setting is a house and then just white. The film is an interesting prospect of human isolation and the psyche and of course as they spend more time alone without food and no water, they begin to tire of each other. They find that they can hate away hunger, which is useful, but of course things get out of hand, let's say. I can't reveal much, but I have to say that jumping heads are the right sight to see. <br /> <br /> This movie is quirky, funny, interesting. The effects are simple but effective, and Natali brings together two Cube friends, David Hewlett and Andrew Millar to lead the movie. They have chemistry and also work very well. They must hold 90% of the film alone and much of it in a pure white background, but it works. I certainly expect this to get the same devilish treatment that Cypher did, and it should appear on DVD in a year or two in the States. Nothing is a top quality and outstanding movie, and even though it's not as good as Cube or Cypher, Natali once again turns out to be one of the best and forthcoming ones. <br /> <br /> Natali is one who has really interested me in her three functions so far, and I can't wait for his next function. I bid on God, he doesn't do the proposed Necropolis, written and directed by ADD sufferer, it always crooks Paul Anderson. Vincenzo old girlfriend if Paul comes around to your pillow, run !!! RUN THE WAY !! I hope and exchange this guy does not go to Hollywood as Alex Proyas did (with the fun but pussy foot, sugar-coated, helium light: In Robot!). Keep your eyes peeled for this guy. ****
