The prerequisite for this movie has been my imagination for some time now. We have all heard or read about it in some sort of context. What would you do if you were alone in the world? What would you do if the whole world suddenly disappeared before your eyes? In fact, the last part is actually what happens to Dave and Andrew, two roommates living in a worn house in the middle of a motorway system. Andrew is a nervous wreck to say the least, and Dave is considered one of society's biggest losers. That alone is the main reason why these two guys get so good together because they simply have to turn to each other when comforting is needed. Until ... <br /> <br /> Right from the start of the movie, there are lots and lots of problems with them. Both are involved in crime, Andrew suffers from paranoia and dares not leave the house. Dave fails in his job, and his colleagues don't treat him well and with the respect he deserves. The number of problems they face increases until one day they may face the inevitable and handle it. This is just too much for them, and they want everything just to go away ... And of course, that's exactly what happens. The rest of the story places Dave and Andrew in this world of nothingness. Initially, they are surprised and have trouble understanding and managing the features of this crazy environment, but later find out that they can do just about anything they want because it looks like they are the only ones who still is back. <Br /> Nothing has an incredibly small casting - besides the first few shots from the movie we only see Dave (David Hewlett) and Andrew (Andrew Miller) throughout the film. It is clear that the cast must be more than the task, so that it can be pulled out, because in a world where nothing exists, there is nothing that can distract the viewer in any way. Vincenzo has decided to use a fair amount of close-up head shots to make it more interesting, and actually works quite well. Photography director Derek Rogers also has a good way to justify the audience by withholding visual information, especially at times when a character sees something and responds to it, but we don't see it right away. <br /> <br /> Of course, this can't be an event-driven movie, and it's not. Much of the action happens outside of their house as they move around in the cavity. And this is where some of the most fun scenes take place, especially when Andrew discovers a candy bar. Now you can think, "How does nothing look?" Well, it looks nothing like that. The whole world of nothing is white ... white in whatever direction you look. This is the weakness of this movie ... After an hour or less it becomes very boring to look at, and there must be events to make it more interesting to look at. God God, there are some. For example, at times when the two boys, because of the features of nothing, are able to jump really high as if nothing is made of ... tofu (as Andrew claims). It is fun to see how they can instantly use nothing to become gods in their own small community. <br /> <br /> One of the best parts of the movie is the set ... Production designer Jasna Stefanovic has done a beautiful job in this movie, the house in these two guys is so unnaturally fun to watch, it seems still true for these two to stay in a place like this. All in all, the production design is undoubtedly one of the most powerful aspects of this movie, as it really makes the movie worth seeing ... <br /> <br /> But the very best part of the movie is the act. Both David Hewlett and Andrew Miller really look like the professional actors they both are. The camera is on them every second of the movie, and as mentioned earlier there are almost no props in the movie, they are really at a mere stage. With lots of character development and some decent one-liners, smart dialogue (sometimes hilarious stupid) all works to the end - and it really moves the movie away from the low budget area for well crafted craftsmanship. <Br /> <br /> Let's talk a little about the visual effects because they are definitely worth mentioning. Nothing contains digital visual effects and prostheses that match all modern horror films. There is a pretty horrible dream sequence in the movie and although The Drews has milked that scene completely, it's still fun to watch. One of the best visual effects in the movie is in the end, when Andrew and Dave suddenly discover their powers in this environment - they have the ability to want everything away, so what if they can do it the other way and make things work? <br /> <br /> "Nothing" is a light and well-lit film, it really helps to promote the idea that they are probably dead (this is actually one of their theories), but "Nothing" is a comedy and it slowly destroys its own theory. We do not know where they are or what happened to them. We don't know if they ever come out because the movie ends before we see something like that. By the way, the end is not as good as it could have been. It is quite easy to predict what is going to happen, but the authors have thought of a few incidents that make it a little more interesting and ultimately it is reasonably satisfactory. <br /> <br /> Take "Hollow Man", "Kill Bill", "Cube", "Epoch" and many other movies and you have "Nothing". It's really a mix of different styles, there is still no other movie (at least I know) Nothing is really good. For those people who remember the original Cube Production Commentary on their DVD, remember that Vincenzo Natali talked about how he came up with Cube's story. He tells of him, and André Bijelic had been roommates at a time, and both of them were in this extremely boring space without the hope of coming out, "Nothing" could well be the screened version of the origin of the Cube story, and in that respect It is almost like one of the Cube prequels. <br /> <br /> What can I say? I enjoyed "Nothing", it's a great movie, and the different parts of the movie are extremely well-crafted with tons of intelligent ideas. I still feel that the movie is missing something and I have trouble figuring out what it is ... Maybe if we have a "No 2", I can answer that question. "Nothing" is a great movie, but not as good as I expected it to be. <br /> <br /> Final rating: 7.5 / 10
