089: Footlight Parade (1933) - released 9/30/1933, seen 5/5/07. <br /> <br /> The Icicle is invented in New York. KEVIN: After a long and busy break, we hit another Busby Berkeley musical from Warner Bros. This time it is the ultra-fast Footlight Parade with James Cagney as the juggernaut stage producer Chester Kent. I am 100% sure that Cagney channeled Berkeley with his performance of the irrepressible Kent to come up with new ideas for every minute. Joan Blondell is also excellent as the acid-heavy secretary-loved interest. Ruby Keeler / Dick Powell subplot is not that great this time, but no less enjoyable. One thing that confused me was Berkeley's beliefs themselves, which seemed too extravagant and complex to be done at any time, let alone a stage that would show a movie afterwards. Obviously, Busby doesn't let a little thing like history stop him from putting together the most over-the-top music he might believe. I liked almost all of this movie until the end, with the shameless offensive number "Shanghai Lil" that one can guess is about as gastric wings, as racist unpleasant beliefs come. <br /> <br /> DOUG: Six films in three months. Must be a new record. Anyway? This completes the Warner Bros. '1933 musical trilogy, prior to' 42nd Street 'and' Gold Diggers of 1933. ' I would definitely recommend seeing all three in a row. I wonder if James Cagney channeled Busby Berkeley while he was playing Chester Kent in this movie, or if the role written was inspired by Busby. I hope it was; It seems sensible that Berkeley is the kind of guy who would see elaborate dances in everyday life as Chester does. The fun thing about Cagney was that he didn't really look like a leading man in the traditional sense. He was 5'7 ", square and spoke with an odd New York accent. But the guy was quite versatile, who went from the poisonous gangsters who made him so famous for the fast-talking producer types we see here. Reasonably he was a leading man in the body of a character actor, the rest of the cast has some familiar faces, Joan Blondell returns and almost steals the show as Cagney's loyal and lusting secretary; Dick Powell and Ruby Keeler play the sweet couple, seems to get less screen time than before, Billy Barty reappears as the vicious imp. The movie is typical of the more racy and adult-oriented pre-code era musicals, unlike those of the 50s and 60s who were more family-oriented and an excellent climax of the Warner musicals that year ("the Shanghai Lil" is not against, with Keeler doing a bad job by looking Chinese). <br /> <br /> Last movie: Dinner at eight (1933) Next film: I am ing and an angel (1933).
