The energetic young producer of theatrical prologues (the imagined performances, usually musical, who often continued the movie in the larger cinemas in bygone days) have to deal with uneven competition, fraudulent partners, incredible lovers and amateur talent to realize their dream make its mark on FOOTLIGHT PARADE. While resembling other Warner's musical opticians, especially the GOLDDIGGER films, this movie had a special attraction none of the others had: Jimmy Cagney. He is a wonder, loose and sound, as flexible as any tomcat - a closet he actually imitates a few times during the film. Cagney grabs the viewers' attention and never lets go, flows fast-fire dialogue and corny plot with his charisma & floating charm. The rest of the casting gives their best too. Joan Blondell is perfect as the cleverly-mouthed, big-hearted blonde secretary, spanked by Cagney (great quibble - why wasn't she given a song?). Dick Powell & Ruby Keeler again play lovers onstage & off; the fact that her song and acting is a little on the lean side is compensated by her dance; Powell still exudes gracious enthusiasm in his exceptional position as another male leader. Guy Kibbee & Hugh Herbert are very funny as a brother-in-law, who both distinguish themselves from cheating Cagney in different ways. Ruth Donnelly scores as Kibbee's rich wife, a woman devoted to her beautiful protégés. Frank McHugh's harried choreographer is a suitable film for Cagney's wit. Herman Bing is fun in his little scene as a music organizer. Mavens will see some Billy Barty, Jimmy Conlin and maybe even John Garfield during the songs. Finally, there is Busby Berkeley, choreographer nonpareil. His terpsichorean garments sprinkled throughout the 1930s were a prime example of the cinematic escapism that the Depression audience wanted to enjoy. The great joke about Berkeley's creations was, of course, that they were meant to be part of the plot to be stage productions. But no theater could ever hold these products out of the master's imagination. They are perfect illustrations of the type of entertainment that is only made possible by the movie camera. <br /> <br /> Berkeley's musical offerings generally took one of two different approaches, either a story (often rather bizarre) told with song and dance; otherwise stunning geometric design figures, eye candy, with abundant choir girls, overhead camera work and a romantic tune. In a spasm of outre extravagance, FOOTLIGHT PARADE climaxes with three Berkeley masterworks: "Honeymoon Hotel" and its pre-production code tells of a couple of wedding anniversary; `At a waterfall '- dozens of blurry females, splashes, floats and dives in perfect patterns and patterns (close to each other and you can see how the synchronous effects were achieved); and finally "Shanghai Lil" - a fitting tribute to the talents of both Cagney & Berkeley.
