When it came out, it was pretty much state of the art musical movie entertainment. To this day, it is more entertaining than most, mostly because it has James Cagney starring as a musical prologue producer during a number of deadlines and protected from all storms by his faithful "girl Friday" played by Joan Blondell. Also, the musical songs towards the end, which were composed of Busby Berkeley, are largely a breakthrough, as far as that kind of thing goes. But this is a pretty strange movie. I mean, in one of those numbers, you have Billy Barty running around and pretending to be a lovable toddler doing all kinds of nice things. Ruby Keeler seems to have a dull smile breathed on her face at all times, but at least she doesn't have to act like some of her later unfortunate movies. You'd never guess Dick Powell was some kind of hard guy from seeing him in this movie; apparently all the hard guy energy was allocated to the star Cagney. As for Cagney, his high-speed musical shows and so on are appealing and annoying at the same time. After a while it gets a little too much. You expect him to go out and say, "Hi! I have a good idea for a prologue! The women are cigarettes and they come out of a smoke pack! Oh no, we did last month!" It's fun, but it gets a little repetitive. In those moments when he gets tough with the bad girl, Ruth Donnelly, some of the established Cagney gangsters come out. In fact, the frequent B gangster director William Keighley is credited here with dialogue coaching, and at times it seems that Cagney and Blondell claim something very "street" even though the characters are not criminals. <br /> <br /> The musical figure ... what can you say? They stand alone as entertainment, the way Berkeley uses the human body and the geometry, is truly spectacular. But none of them really matters. It means "Honeymoon Hotel", nothing really more or less. And the whole pursuit of the integration is falling apart immediately, as the characters in the show do things that could not be appreciated by a theater run depicted by the movie. For example, at some point they show fine prints on a newspaper, things like that. The whole thing could only exist on movies, so the idea that the prologues are actually live shows is ridiculous. I can only assume that the audience of the time was somewhat less critical of things like this than they would be ten years later or so because it is a highly polished production. It's great to see Cagney himself show off his amazing dance science, and he can actually share the scene with a dancer like Keeler. Cagney and Blondell have excellent chemistry and their scenes are doing well. The music I would say is only mediocre, but mostly enjoyable if repeated. Bacon's direction is generally very suitable, but never interesting. The movie's entertainment value is undoubtedly and it has also collected some nostalgic values ​​along the way. It's a cut above most "let's put on a show" movie from the 30s.
