An opium it, a dirty little boy (actually a midget), prostitutes in mass, a violent fracas in a dive, a motel for sexual shenanigans, wisely dressed babies with a lot of cleavage, a boozer falling down the stairs, a racially mixed client in a bar with asians, Africans and anglos treated the same, it sounds like a movie playing at the local mall? Wrong. These are all scenes from a musical 1933 series. <br /> <br /> The first half of "Footlight Parade" is preparing for a musical extravaganza that captures the last half of the movie. Chester Kent (Cagney) is losing her job and losing her playgirl wife as a result of talking images that squeeze live scene musicals. His producers take him to see a popular talk of the day, John Wayne in "The Big Trail." Before each display of the girl, a dance figure is presented as a prologue. Shorts, news rolls, series and cartoons would later serve the purpose. Kent gets the idea that a prologue chain would be the way to salvation for the dwindling live musical business. Kent is basically an idea as choreographer Busby Berkeley. Could it be that Cagney's character is the pattern of Berkeley? Could be. <br /> <br /> In preparation for the prologues, Kent learns that his ideas are being stolen by a rival. He uncovers the traitor, burns him, then he is not aware of a new leak planted in the form of a dazzling temptation. His assistant, Nan Prescott (Joan Blondell - soon to be Mrs. Dick Powell) has hots to Kent and is determined to reveal the wiles of pace of interest. A new Arkansas College singer appears in the form of Scotty Blain (Dick Powell) who turns out to be a real find and is mated to Bea Thorn (Ruby Keeler). The resulting three prologue musicals, which could not have been presented at any cinema stage of the day, are as fresh and comfortable today as they were over seventy years ago, "Honeymoon Hotel", "By a Waterfall" and "Shanghai Lil . "<br /> Of particular note is the song and dance of the hard guy James Cagney. Like Fred Astaire and Bill "Bojangles" Robinson, Cagney's dance seemed natural and uncluttered, though hours went into practice to get each step just right. Not as good a singer as Astaire, Cagney's song, like Astaires, sounded natural, unlike so popular at the time. It's amazing that a person could be as talented and versatile as James Cagney. <br /> <br /> Most critics prefer the "Shanghai Lil" segment over the other two. But the kaleidoscopic choreography of "At a waterfall" is amazing. How Berkeley was able to film the underwater ballets and to create the human snake chain must have been difficult because it has never been repeated. The close-ups blended brilliantly with distant angles are a must-see. The sharp black and white photography is much more artistic than it would have been if it were shot in color. <br /> <br /> Although not as socially aware as the "Gold Diggers of 1933", "Footlight Parade" stands as one of the most amazing and outrageous musicals ever put on the big screen.
