From the beginning, here's a summary: The porn queen Alta Lee (Lynn Lowry) is murdered by her pornographic lover Max (George Shannon) in a game of sexual Russian roulette. Alta's second lover, ice-cold lesbian casting agent Camila Stone (Mary Woronov), gives an alibi to Max. But Camila has her own agenda and plan that involves the seduction of innocent actress Julie (Lynn again) in a web of sexual games. When lookalike's identities are sufficiently blurred, the scene is set to revenge as passionate as the most heated carnal encounter. <br /> <br /> Although this movie is quite unclear and has never received much attention, I find it to be a sexy, exciting gem. Cult goddess Woronov has one of her best roles, and she and sexy innocent Lowry play well together. The disturbing music from Gershon Kingsley, plus two original songs ("All-American Boy", "You Say You Never Let Me Down") and Jaynet's' Sally, Go 'Round the Roses' compose a memorable soundtrack. Theodore Gershunys direction is sharp, with everything photographed in subdued earth tones, which suggests that unfortunate business bubbles beneath the upper crust of society. With tons of great New York atmospheres, Ondine (Woronov's friend and colleague Warholite) gives a great performance in a small role, and exotic Monique Van Vooren as Max's ex-wife in a cartoon signature. This sub-plot, though fun, seems to belong to another movie altogether. However, I do not complain as the film is smooth, although it changes gear and is a hell of a lot more interesting that the erotic thriller garbage is currently being twisted. <br /> <br /> Trivia: Sugar Cookies was originally classified X (soft-core) and published by the General Film Corporation in 1973. I am the proud owner of an original one-sheet poster - lucky me! In 1977, the film was cut to an R and re-released by Troma Team, which now gives it unknown on video tapes. Mary Woronov was the wife of Theodore Gershuny at the time and was apparently uncomfortable by performing the graphic lesbian simulated sex scenes with him renting behind the camera. She can also be seen in two of his previous productions, Kemek (1970) and Silent Night, Bloody Night (1972).
