A very early Oliver Stone (Associate) produced film and one of the first films in the impressive career of Lloyd Kaufman (co-founder and president of the world's only real independent film studio Troma, creator of Toxic Avenger and at the prestigious Amsterdam Fantastic Film Festival, lifetime achievement assigned to the film maker for over 30 years). After charging the money for this movie alone, Lloyd wrote this script along with Theodore Gershuni in 1970 and subsequently regrets having listened to advice on having Gershuni otherwise direct the movie instead of doing it himself. But then he was still inexperienced in the industry, and it is probably because of decisions like these that he no longer takes anything wild from anyone. In fact, it would have been interesting to see Lloyd's version of his own script - as one of the world's most original, bold, experimental and non-compromising directors, he would probably have given it even more edge than it already has. But as we are, we have the Gershuni-directed film. And the weather is due to the strong script, or the fact that he is also a very own director, SUGAR COOKIES is a very intelligent, highly exciting and well-set film that deserves much more attention than it receives. The Shoestring budget the small studio (this was even before Kaufman and his friend and partner for over 30 years now, Michael Herz, formed Troma) who was to work with is so well managed that the movie looks much more expensive, actually has not "low budget" look at all. The story is about lesbian Camilla Stone (played by enigmatic Mary Woronow) and her boyfriend, who blows death through circumstances, I will not reveal for not spoiling a nice story. This leads to a series of plot-twists, mind games and personality reforms that are loosely inspired by Hitchcock's Vertigo and at least as inventive. However, the atmosphere is very ugly, and some comparisons with Nicholas Roegs and Donald Cammell's PERFORMANCE are coming to mind. In this blend is a very original and inventive erotic charged thriller that keeps it quite unclear how it all ends, which together with a nice interwoven subplot with a nod to Kaufman's earlier and unfortunately inaccessible BIG GUSS, what is the FUSS , makes for a very exciting one and a half hours. Definitely one of the best movies in the Tromas library, and once again one of those movies that speaks the curious fantasy that their catalog is a bad taste. The DVD contains some recent interviews Kaufman leads with Woronov and the second leading lady Lynn Lowry (later seen in George Romero's The CRAZIES) and thus provides an interesting insight into what was going on during this cult favorite and a few tips on What would be different if Lloyd had directed it himself. Highly recommended.
