My former Cambridge contemporary Simon Heffer, today a writer and journalist, has put forward the theory that, like the British filmmakers in the 1980s, were often critical of what they called "Thatcher's Britain", the Ealing comedies were intended as satires on "Attlee's Britain, "Britain, which had been created after the Labor victory in the 1945 General election. This theory was probably not meant to say to "Kind Hearts and Coronets" (which is anything a satire on the edward upper classes) or to "The Ladykillers" or "The Lavender Hill Mob", both of which may contain some satire but is not political by nature. However, it can be used on most other films in the series, especially "Passport to Pimlico". <br /> <br /> Pimlico is, or at least in the forties, a predominantly working class district of London, located on the north bank of the Thames about a mile from Victoria station. It is not entirely correct to say, as has often been said, that the film is about Pimlico "declares self-employed" for Britain. What happens is that there is an old charter that shows that in the fifteenth century the area was ceded by King Edward IV to the Duchy of Burgundy. This means that Pimlico is technically an independent state and has been for almost five hundred years, regardless of the wishes of its inhabitants. The government promises to pass a special parliamentary law to rectify the anomaly, but until the law receives the royal consent, the area remains outside the United Kingdom and British laws do not apply. <br /> <br /> Because Pimlico is not subject to British law, the landlord of the local pub is free to open whatever he chooses, and local store owners can sell whatever they need, whatever they need, unimpeded by the ration laws. When other traders begin to move into the area to sell their goods on the streets, the British authorities are appalled by what they regard as legalized black-marketing and seal the area in an attempt to force the "burgundy", which the people of Pimlico have renamed. itself for surrender. Many of the Ealing comedies have, as their central theme, the idea of ​​the little man who takes up the system either as an individual as it happens in "The Man in the White Suit" or "The Lavender Hill Mob" or as part of a greater community as it happens in "Whiskey Galore" or "The Titfield Thunderbolt". The key theme of "Pass" is that ordinary men and women take over bureaucracy and government-imposed rules, which seemed to be an increasingly important feature of life in the eighties in Britain. The special purpose of the film is the launching system. During the war, the system was accepted by most people as a necessary victim in the fight against Nazism, but it became increasingly politically controversial as the government tried to preserve it in peacetime. It was an important factor in the Attlee administration's growing unpopularity which had been elected by a large majority in 1945, and organizations such as the British Housewives League were set up for the campaign for the elimination of rationing. I cannot agree with the reviewer who stated that the main goals of the film's satire were "spiked" (black marketers) who play a relatively small role in the action, or the Housewives' League, which does not at all appear. The satire is very targeted at the bureaucrats, which are depicted either as having a "rule of law" mentality or a desire to pass the money and avoiding having to do any action at all. <br /> <br /> I suppose if the movie were to be made today, it would have a different ending with Pimlico, who remained independent as a British version of Monaco or San Marino. (In fact, I think this concept today is likely to serve as the basis for a TV sitcom rather than a movie). In 1949, however, four years after the end of the war, the filmmakers were anxious stress patriotism and British identity, so the film ended with Pimlico being reabsorbed to Britain. One of the most well-known lines from the movie is "We were always English, and we will always be English, and that's just because we are English, we stick to our right to be burgers". There is a sharp contrast between officers' fair attitude with the sensible reason, tolerance, and good humor of Pimlico's cocktails, all of which are presented as distinctive British characteristics. <br /> <br /> Most of the action takes place during the summer-dry and swirling heat wave, but in the last scene, after Pimlico's reunification in Britain, the temperature drops and it begins to pour with rain. Global warming may have changed things a little, but for many years it was part of being British the ability to hold faith, regardless of which statistics could say that Britain had an abnormally wet climate. The ability to make jokes about this climate was just as important. <br /> <br /> There is a good performance from Stanley Holloway such as Arthur Pemberton, the merchant and the small local politician who becomes prime minister of free Pimlico, and a fun como from Margaret Rutherford as a batty story professor. In essence, however, it is sufficient enough for a film about a small community that pulls together, an example of ensemble that works without real star games, but with all contributing to an excellent movie. It lacks malice and rancor of many newer satirical movies, but its white and satire are no less effective for all that. It is still one of the funniest satiries of bureaucracy ever made, and with the possible exception of "Kind Hearts and Coronets" is my personal favorite of the Ealing comedies. 10.10
