Get this movie if at all possible. You will find a really good performance by Barbara Bach, beautiful filmography of a stately (and incredibly clean) but scary old house and an unexpected virtuoso performance of ?? "The Unseen". I downloaded a used copy of this movie because I was interested in seeing more of Bach, which I just saw in "The Spy Who Loved Me." I really love classically beautiful actresses and appreciate them even more if they can act a little. So: We start with a nice fresh premise. TV reporter Bach goes to the girlfriend and goes to a festival in a California town, Solvang, who celebrates his Swedish ancestors by holding a large folk festival. She leads with a comrade woman, who happens to be her sister and another employee. (The late Karen Lamm plays Bach's sister, and if you know who the celebrities are, each of these ladies is married, it's just fun to see Bach (Mrs. Ringo Starr) and Lamm (Mrs Dennis Wilson) go with a sisterly quarrel.)) Anyway ?? Bach's unsatisfied beau follows her with Solvang, as he has not finished arguing with her. There is a lot of feeling between them, but she doesn't want to see him tear himself more about his down-the-drain football career. The ladies arrive at Solvang to do the job for their station, to find their reservation was given away to another. (Maybe for Bach's boyfriend, because think about it? Where should he stay?). Gals are asking around, but there is just nowhere to go. Incorrectly trying to enter an old hotel which now only serves as a museum, they capture the interest of the owner Mr. Keller (the late Sidney Lassick) who decides to be a gentleman and submits them to the home and insists that his wife be happy to receive them. Oh no! Next thing we know, Keller makes a whispered phone call to his wife and warns her that the company is coming and threatening that she can play better together. Error in paradise! The ladies are eager to settle down and come back to Solvang to shoot recordings and interview Swedes, but one of the girls does not feel good. Bach and Lamm leave her wondering if Mrs Keller (played heart-blown by beautiful Lelia Goldoni) resembles that she just lost her best friend. Talking about which ?? during the weather Vicki slips off his clothes and enters a nice hot tub, without realizing that Keller has crawled into her room to inspect the keyhole. She hears him, believes he has come to supply linen and shouts her thanks. Lassick did a good job in this scene, expressing the fear of a fat old peeping tom who didn't get a long enough look. After he is back, poor Vicki chooses to go to bed for a nap, but gets it really fast (in a really decent, scary action) by something BIG, who apparently crawled up through a grid on the floor ?? The invisible! Lamb comes home next (Bach is out with an argument with his beau) and can't find anyone in the house. She knocks over a plate of fruit in the kitchen, and on her hands and knees to gather it, her hair and fashionable scarf swings over the black floor grille ?? attracts the unseen again! Well, if the time poor gets Lamm her in the kitchen, we make a feedback into Mr. Keller's past and the full story of what his sick, sadistic background really is and why his wife does not smile much. Bach finally comes home and wants to know where her friends are. Meanwhile, Lassick has been aware of the afternoon's carnage of his crying wife and decides that he cannot leave Bach out of the premises to reveal the secret of his home. He tempts her into the basement, where the last act of the Keller family tragedy finally opens for us all. <br /> <br /> I can't say enough to Stephen Furst, as I had never seen before; it is obvious that he did his homework for this role, studied the communication methods and the expression of the brain damaged; Bach and Goldoni, each in their different way, just give the film's desire. Not only that, but movies are coming up with a satisfactory solution. No stupid cheap tricks, eyeball rolling dialogue or pathetically cut corners ... A real treat for your collection.
