It is true that Danny Steinmann's "The Unseen" is a simplistic horror thriller with a very predictable plot, no special attempts at twists or surprises at all, and literally every cliché genre has brought forth over the decades, but it does Not necessarily that is a bad movie. On the contrary, my friends and I were pleasantly surprised by this unclear yet intense little 80's shocking feature, which mainly benefits from a handful of brutal images and an even brilliant casting. The beautiful and ambitious journalist Jennifer Fast and two of her equally attractive friends travel to a small California town to shoot a documentary at the anniversary party, but their hotel forgot to register their booking. In search of a place to live, the trio enters into the exuberant friendly but suspicious museum consultant Ernest Keller who invites the girls to stay at his remote country house. One by one, the girls find that Keller and his extremely introverted and submissive sister Victoria are hiding a dark and murderous secret inside their house. "The Unseen" can easily be termed a cheap and ultimately perverse mix of the horror classics "Psycho" and "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre". The plot is a series of well-known themes that became infamous and infinitely imitated by these two films, which distorted family secrets in the basement, voyeurism, bile inbred killers and a very unpleasant treatment of chickens. Nevertheless, I do not think these are negative remarks, as "The Unseen" is a completely unpretentious and modestly disturbing thriller that clearly never intended to be the greatest horror classic in the decade. Although the depletion of the plot is quite clear, Director Steinmann tries to maintain the mystery by keeping the evil gift in the house "invisible" as the promised title. Cast choices and performance performances are really what lift this sleeper over the level of mediocre. Sydney Lassick, immortalized since his role as the overly nervous psychiatric patient Charley Cheswick in "One Flew Over The Cuckoo's Nest" is truly the ideal choice for Ernest Keller's role. His persistent friendliness and almost natural perverted appearance is exactly what the character needed. Also Stephen Furst, who eventually turns away from the unseen to the point, gives away a huge achievement as "Junior". He looks and seems like an authentic disabled man, and his attempt to get close to Jennifer in the basement is really unpleasant. "The Unseen" is a slow and predictable yet potent early 80's movie that will surely appeal to fans of 70's exploitation and generally weird things.
