Dolph Lundgren is back! Retention marks Dolph's first film for almost 2 years, and it follows the delayed hidden agenda. This movie still marks an improvement for Dolph over his cheapie trilogy by Jill Rips, Agent Red and Stormcatcher. But this film is far below the standard of hidden agenda, which was better in almost every respect. What this movie has in its favor of Dolph's earlier outing is a sense of cheesy fun. The movie also has a rejuvenated Dolph back in a high-action role, and it's good to see Dolph make his own stunts again. <br /> <br /> The movie's story is ridiculous and premium B-movie material. A former military man is now a teacher and on his last learning day while taking a detention class, he runs into some Slovakian villains who have taken over the school to cover a large drug deal. The film has no originality, but in a movie of this type you need to have fun with all the clichés. If you take it too seriously, the audience won't find anything to enjoy. Fortunately, the filmmakers don't take too seriously with all the action cliches you can think of, and the predictability that this movie has so bad, it's fun kind of vibe. <br /> <br /> Where the movie is down is Miss - using a pretty decent budget. The budget of about 10 million has not been used well. It's all up on the screen with lots of carnage and big explosions, but many of the shootouts lack imagination. The opening effort is okay, but after that, the good moments become more sparse. There are some good moments. You have a car careering through school times for example and a decent shootout in the beginning, with lots of destruction. The rest of the sliders are quite mechanical, but there are plenty on the screen. <br /> <br /> As for the casting. Hidden Agenda boasted the best cast Dolph has worked with for ages. There was a good standard for actors for a DTV movie. However, this has problems. The actors are mostly bad. The evil guys are horrible, but the leading stupid has some kind of enjoyable cheesiness because Alex Karsis then plays it over the top and without any hint of any threat you can laugh at the sheer misery. The teenagers of the play are actually good, but they play such cliched characters. They all hate authority, each other and everyone has bad attitudes and of course at the end learn the important life lessons, but in general they are decent, and especially Chris Collins has the similarity. However, this movie is about Dolph. While this movie is not near its best, it is not near his worst. It also marks a turning point in his career. He is now back in good shape and will be in even better shape in his next film Direct Action. Dolph looks enthusiastic here, he does all his own stunts, and it's good to see him playing the typical action man (running from explosions in slow-mo, one-liners and handling big weapons) again in a movie like his older, albeit with less flair and imagination than clipped movies like Army Of One. It is good to see Dolph looking energy. His movie for the past 8 years has seen Dolph a little more tired and uses twice as much (he still does all the matches himself), but the new streamlined Dolph works for it. <br /> <br /> Overall, this is easy if it is only for the cheese value and Dolph in prime action man fashion. There is not a single surprise, but it has a ridiculously unfortunate kind of charm. **
