There has been a political documentary from the last vintage, called Why We Fight, which seeks to investigate the infamous military industrial complex and its grip on this nation. It is considered to be both polemical and sharp to make its case against both the complex and the war fasco that we are currently involved in in Iraq. Still, a much more famous series of films of the same name was made during World War II by Hollywood director Frank Capra. While watching documentaries and winning Oscars in this category, this series of seven films is truly and more agitated, more in the way of Leni Reifenstal's Triumph Of The Will, scenes that Capra reuses for its own use. That said, it does not mean that it does not have important information that subsequent generations of World War II documentary films (such as the BBC's The World at War) lacked, nor does it mean that its value as a primary source is the less valuable. They are skillfully made, and after I recently bought some used DVDs at a discount store, I found myself able to choose a free DVD with my purchase. I chose the Goodtimes DVD's four DVD collection of the series. <br /> <br /> Something free has been so worthwhile to be invaluable. While there are no extras on the DVDs and the sound quality of the prints varies, these films provide insight into the Americans' minds of two-thirds of a century ago when racism was overt (as in many of the classic Warner Brothers pro-war drawings of the era) and there was nothing wrong with obvious distortion of facts. The seven films produced between 1942 and 1945 are Prelude To War, Nazi Strike, Divide And Conquer, Battle of Britain, Battle of Russia, Battle of China, and War Coming to America. <br /> <br /> Overall, the movie series is worth watching, not just for the obvious reasons, but for the subtle things it reveals, such as the use of the majority for terms like X million when referring to dollars rather than the modern singular, or the most widely used graphics in the whole series - a Japanese sword piercing the center of Manchuria. Yet, it also shows the complexity of trying to apply previous standards to current wars. First World War lessons (avoided foreign disturbances) were not applicable to World War II, whose own lesson (action early against dictatorships) has not been in force in the three great wars America has fought since: Korea, Vietnam or Iraq. The fact that much of this series talks about the uncertainty about the times in which it was made emphasizes only its historical value in present-day information-stalled times. It cannot help you figure out the truth of today's lies and propaganda, but at least you will realize that you are not the first to stand in such a fuzzy position, nor will you be the last.
