This is a great entertaining action movie in my opinion with great characters, lots of action and a great performance from Dolph Lundgren, but Alex Karzis is horrible as the villain! The story is very good and I found the kids to be sympathetic for the most part, plus Dolph Lundgren is simply amazing in this! The action scenes are excellent and it's almost like Die Hard unless it's set in a school! Plus Kata Dobó is very threatening and sexy as a sidekick! The final is very exciting and it also has a few cool emotional moments! But I just wanted another villain because Alex Karzis just didn't cut it like the villain's way for OTT and ridiculous for my taste. This should be higher than 4.1 in my opinion, when I thought it was a great action movie, and while the kids were very stupid at times, they became quite resourceful when the movie came together! Plus the sliders were also beautiful!. The end is very fun, and Corey Sevier's character was my favorite student! Plus Dolph still has it! This is an amazingly entertaining action movie in my opinion with great characters, lots of action and a great achievement from Lundgren! But Alex Karzis is horrible as the villain, I still recommend this !! The direction is very good!. Sidney J. Furie does a very good job here with a good camera work, good angles and keeps the movie at a very fast pace! There is little blood and violence. We get lots of extremely bloody shoot wounds, a knife in the head, bloody arrow hits, an impaling and other minor things. The action is amazing! Dolph Lundgren is fantastic as always and is fantastic here, he is extremely sympathetic, kicks the ass as usual, had great chemistry with the kids, had a great character, is very charismatic, and he may not have shown a great emotional rage he was still a great fun to see! he is one of my favorite actors! (Lundgren Rules !!!!!). Alex Karzis is god horrible as the villain, he is ridiculously OTT, was boring and not at all threatening, he also irritated the shed out of me. Kata Dobó is very sexy as a side scoop and did fine with what she had to do, she was the real villain in my opinion! Corey Sevier is fun as Mick, he was my favorite student, and I really started warming up to him in the second half, I liked him! He also had good chemistry with Dolph. Dov Tiefenbach (Willy), Chris Collins (Hogie), Mpho Koaho (Jay Tee), Danielle Hampton (Alicia), Nicole Dicker (Charlee) do everything well as the students. Jennifer Baxter is very sweet and is good as her fiance. The rest of the throw makes it fine. Overall I highly recommend this one!. *** 1/2 out of 5
