Here is an excellent Barbara Stanwyck double-count on a disc. The first movie - and believe me the least of the two - is MGM's "To Please A Lady" (1950), where she is mated with Clark Gable. It is essentially a star vehicle with Gable as usual dominating the movie with its screen presence. Here he plays a macho racing driver who gets a little bad pressure from the feminist reporter Stanwyck and the battle for the sexes begins. Of course, they eventually reach each other's arms, and it all comes to a predictable and pleasant proximity. A bit of a fluff of a move really, but Gable and Stanwyck - two icons of the golden age - make it visible! <br /> <br /> But the real meat on this DVD is the second feature - a wonderful and rather unknown little thriller called JEOPARDY. Produced by MGM in 1953, this is a wonderful little gem of a movie that doesn't date a iota! Here Stanwyck's wife plays Barry Sullivan and the mother of their young son Lee Aaker on vacation on a deserted and remote Mexican beach when suddenly tragedy hits. A fake wooden bridge collapses catching Sullivan under a heavy pylon and guessing what? Yes, the tide comes in. With no soul in sight and unable to free himself, Stanwyck goes by car for help. After driving a certain distance, the only aid she can muster has come from an unscrupulous refugee judge (Ralph Meeker) who - unlike his help - wants more of her than money or change of clothes ("I will do everything to save my husband "). She or she does not <br /> <br /> Meeker runs away with the picture! He is changing in a brilliant performance! When he enters the movie, you simply can't take his eyes off him! An actor in the smearing Brando style, he surprisingly never made much of his career in film. Although he gave amazing performances as the outrageous, disgusting cavalry officer in the excellent Mann / Stewart western "Naked Spur" (1953) and as one of the convicted French soldiers in Stanley Kubricy's strong WW1 drama "Paths of Glory" ( 1957) His Only Real Requirements for Fame were like Mike Hammer in Mickey Spillane's "Kiss Me Deadly" in 1955. His performance in "Jeopardy" should have done wonders to him, but he only had such a career in film. He died in 1988. <br /> Because of this release, "Jeopardy" can now proudly take its legitimate place as a classic noir. A memorable, thrilling and thrilling thriller thanks to fine performances, close direction of John Sturges, the sharp Monochrome Cinematography by Victor Milner and an atmospheric score of Dimitri Tiomkin. Extra features, however, are not good shakes except for a radio version of "Jeopardy" and trailers for both films. <br /> <br /> This disk is also part of a Barbara Stanwyck set that celebrates her centenary. Hard to believe that the lady would be over 100 years old if she was still nearby! <br /> <br /> JEOPARDY - a MGM winner!
