Jeopardy is an exciting, satisfying thriller, a cut above a B, but not a great production. It qualifies as almost an experimental movie, as the studio that produced it, Metro, was desperately looking for new forms of film, stars and directors to compete with the new television medium. Director John Sturges was an up-and-comer whose best year was ahead. He had just recently started managing A-level movies, and he had already proved to be a most skilled craftsman. The stars Barbara Stanwyck, Barry Sullivan and Ralph Meeker were in very different stages of their career. Stanwyck's year of honor was behind her, and yet she could still carry a movie that she proves here. Barry Sullivan was, as his husband, one of a dozen or so leading men who started in the thirty-four movies, which never quite achieved the success many had hoped for him. He was a fine, low-key actor, ready but in an upper middle instead of the top class way, which made him excellent in professional roles. As the escaped convicted who is the only person around who can save Sullivan's life (he is trapped under a pier and the tide is rising), Ralph Meeker is more energetic than usual. This excellent actor had the accident of coming after films by Brando and Clift. He was just as good an actor as one of them, but he lacked charisma. His negotiations with Stanwyck, coming down to his demanding sex in exchange for saving his husband (only the implication, as it is in 1953), create an exciting premise that, if this was another kind of movie, anyone could make up for interesting questions about Stanwyck's character. Meeker is actually a more exciting character than Sullivan; and in her scenes with him, Stanwyck is livelier than she is with her husband and son. But since this is a formal picture, not a Strindberg game, the possibility that Stanwyck might want a fling is left the question of her husband's predicament - unexplored. In this respect, the incoming tide does not have the effect one might have wished for, even though the film remains tense and extremely entertaining thanks to excellent acting, fine location photography, almost all the outdoor and excellent direction of the poorly underrated Mr. Sturges.
