When I really started to be interested in movies at the age of eleven, I had a great list of 'must see' movies and I would go to Blockbuster and rent two or three per weekend; some of them were not for all audiences, and my mother would have to go. I remember one of the films on this list was "A Chorus Line" and could never get it; So now to see it is a dream right. <br /> <br /> Of course, I lost the list and I would do something to get it back because I think there were some really interesting things to see there. I mean, take "A Chorus Line", a stage play became a movie. I know this is something we see a lot today, but it was a little different, apparently; and this movie has something special. <br /> <br /> Most musicals made movies today, take the chance that the camera allows them for free, create different sceneries and take the characters to different places; "A Chorus Line" was born in a theater stage as a game, and it dies in the same place as a movie. After a major audition by the renowned choreographer Zach (Michael Douglas), Richard Atenborough leads a large number of dancers as they try to get the job done. Everything happens on the same day: the excitement of not knowing the stress of having to learn the numbers, the silent competition between the dancers. And everything happens on stage, where Douglas puts each dancer on the spotlight and makes them talk about their personal lives and their most horrible experiences. There are hundreds of dancers, and they are all fantastic, but their list is shortened as the hours go by. As a movie, I recently saw "A Prairie Home Companion", the broadcast of a radio program, Atenborough here dealing with the continuity issue. On or behind the scene, things happen, and time does not seem to stop. Again I do not if Atenborough cut much to shoot this, but it doesn't look like that; and yet it is a good governance and editing work (John Bloom). But in that small step you will find what you need to do with the camera. With only one setting, Ronnie Taylor's film finds how to make close-ups for certain characters, zoom in and out, show the scene from different perspectives, and also give us a beautiful view of New York. At a crucial moment Douglas tells those who are left: "Before we begin to eliminate: you are absolutely fantastic and I would like to hire you all but I cannot". This made me think of reality shows today, where the only thing that counts is song or dance talent and where the jury always says the exact words to the participants before some of them leave (though they are not good). It's hard to imagine; At least here, where everyone really is amazing. To tell some of the stories, the characters use songs, and in a second, the scene is reviving, and it's literally a dream come true. The music by Marvin Hamlisch and the texts by Edward Kleban make the theater a film transition without error, showing the feelings of these dances and allowing them to make the wonderful choreographies of Michael Bennett. The book in the theater also becomes a flawless and very short manuscript by Arnold Schulman; which is very touching at times. So if it is not with a song, it will be with a word; but in "A Chorus Line" it is impossible not to be moved. <br /> <br /> During one of the auditions in the audition, Cassie, a special dancer played by Alyson Reed, takes the stage to convince Douglas character that she can do it. The words "let me dance for you" never sounded honest and beautifully put into music and lyrics.
