I do not agree with one of the reviewers who compared this movie to the American international photos. Basil Deardon has directed a brutally realistic film with an honest attempt to portray the rise of juvenile delinquency in post-war England (but without the sentimentality of the "Blackboard Jungle"). The cinematography was excellent as it really caught the sharpness and isolation of the big house. The property looked like an old prison. Stanley Baker was excellent as the hardened detective entrusted to the youth department - "Urgent, Urgent - Larceny - Five Icicles" !!!! He finds that he is the lap of many jokes. David McCallum showed he was one of Britain's leading young talents in the 50s. (He had a very different role in another Stanley Baker movie "Hell Drivers"). His portrayal of Johnny and the fanatic successor he inspired was very scary. Ann Heywood was also very good as the cynical katie. I didn't want to say that there was a romantic plot in it. Detective Jack Truman examines a number of fire-fighting attacks by any brand "Firefly". Just as he finds evidence that can lead to a breakthrough, he is assigned to the youth department - he is quite confused about what he feels is not a proper police work. In the middle of the whole he gets his first call - the 6-year-old Murphy twins are working on scams at the local lollipop shops !!! <br /> <br /> When he returns the twins, he meets their brother, the charismatic Johnny, and their damned sister Cathie. He begins to appreciate how life on the terrible homes can make young children criminals. As he becomes more involved in the family, he realizes that there is a strong connection between Johnny's fire and a scared Chinese youth working for laundry. The local priest (Peter Cushing in an extraordinary role away from Hammer horrors) explains that when Johnny was younger, he had saved some people from a burning building and had been hailed a hero. He wanted to resume the sense of importance and be helpful and felt he could by lighting fires. The school's siege was filmed in a very real way, and the viewer felt the children's fears - the teacher (thinking only of his own safety) runs off and locks them in the room with the scared shooter !! <br /> <br /> I thought it was a really great movie trying to show some of the social problems that Britain experienced after the war. Highly recommended.
