As a lot of serial pilots show Dark Angel's opens a mix of great potential and a small problem finding his own feet. Not that this is unusual in any way, but there is a feeling that it could have worked better if the story was tightened and focused a little more. In today's world, where there is something to catch on instantly or with facial disruption, the series has done a bit poorly by not getting out at least half focused, with all guns blazing. <br /> <br /> The ninety-minute pilot really feels like two episodes glued together, and both episodes have a focus problem. In the first half we are introduced to Max and filled in on what drives her. We also get a few interesting routines with Max using her betting skills, interacting with a PI or sorting employee domestic issues. The problem here is that this is not uncommon for any person with a normal set of genes, on television or otherwise. <br /> <br /> It's when we hit the other half that we get a story with a purpose and focus. Throughout the two halves, Max finds himself alerted by a pirate journalist who feels it is a mission in life to save the world by exposing a dirty dealer at a time. In the second half, the consequences come into him, and Max reluctantly opposes the resulting root. This sets the condition for the rest of the series, and it works, but it doesn't quite click if you get my opinion. It is as if most of the pieces are there, but a couple who make a complete picture have been omitted. Perhaps they will be filled with later episodes, but it is next to the point. In fact, the content of this episode could easily have been known by twenty-eight minutes. <br /> <br /> The last of the negatives is that a lot of the shock support is completely unearthing. Original Cindy in particular is an irritation and I doubt that changed in the next twenty episodes. Although the play is not as bad as the daytime carpet, it is not of such a quality that I will praise it. Jessica Alba is not the worst actor in the world, but she comes up to be convincing when history needs it at least. The good news is that the premise and the production values ​​are all excellent. In fact, this series was considered rather expensive to produce, and it is quite unfortunate that it was canceled to be replaced by another show that did not last a full season. Especially when there was ample time for both shows - they could simply have canceled one of those pieces of scary garbage, the flogs under the banner of reality TV. The fact is that we need more shows like Dark Angel, where imagination rather than overhype is used to make the attention. In total, I gave the Dark Angel pilot a seven out of ten. It never rises above the level of throwaway television, and it has never had a chance to live up to the potential it shows within its own operating time. But the potential is there, and it is often all that matters where pilots are concerned.
