This film was the first British teenage movie to actually address the reality of the violent rock and roll society, rather than being a clear parody of the 1950s teenage life. In an attempt to celebrate the work of Liverpool's junior liaison officers, the opening title points out that 92% of potential criminals who have been treated under this scheme have not committed another crime. However, this only becomes a pretext for the following teenage drama until the film's epilogue, where we are instructed that we should not feel responsible or sorry for such misdemeanors, but mixed up, they may think. <br /> <br /> Stanley Baker plays a tough detective who reluctantly addresses youth relations officer. This hard-boiled character is a typical Baker role. Has currently been on the track of a notorious firefighter known as the firefly and does not enjoy the distraction of the transfer. But as in all good police rams, he is brought back in full circle with a remarkable event, back to his original investigation. His first case brings him home to two toddlers, Mary and Patrick Murphy (played by true brother and sister duo) who have committed a petty theft. Here he meets Cathie (satisfactorily exhibited by Anne Heywood) their older sister, whom he eventually becomes romantically involved in. It quickly becomes obvious that the bad surroundings in such inner urban areas are a breeding ground for juvenile delinquency. The older brother of the Murphy family, Johnny, heads a gang of rock and roll hoodlums. McCallum makes a conspicuous swing as the American-born mixed child owes more to Marlon Brando than any former British star. You are reminded of Brando's character Johnny from 'The Wild One', who led a leather-clad band of rebellious cyclists in the same way as this movie's "Johnny" leads his gang. Fortunately, the preaching of former Dearden crime dramas such as "The Blue Lamp" is not so clear. Instead, we are presented with several drawn characters on both sides of the law, as the drama's drama and the romantic interest between Heywood and Baker take the lead. <br /> <br /> The reason, but sometimes predictable, delivers some memorable scenes. The disturbing influence that rock and roll music was supposed to have played out in a scene where Johnny surrenders to the music, leading to a threatening progress on the police officer. However, the most poignant memorable piece of film is the climatic classroom scene where a lot of dreaded schoolchildren, including Mary and Patrick, are held hostage at gunpoint by Johnny. Of course, in the face of the real Dumblaine Massacre, this scene seems to be all that terrible. Understandably because of this, the song is rarely aired or accessible to modern audiences.
