This is a great little movie that is very unique and creative, with some great plot twists and wonderful performances! All the characters are amazing and the story is bizarre, fascinating and very interesting, plus Nicole Kidman is simply amazing in this! It is very difficult to describe this movie because it really is pretty bizarre, it's a comedy / romance, one minute it becomes a thriller the next, but it was still very entertaining all along, plus Nicole's Russian accent was amazing, and extremely convincing. Chaplin and Kidman had very good chemistry together, and I loved Vincent Cassel's performance! Plus some of the plot twists really surprised me! The end was very sweet, and it is unpredictable throughout !, Plus this movie is also undervalued! You will be upset by Chaplin and the way he is scammed on, and I thought all the characters were really good, plus the finals are especially good. This is Nicole's movie and she wears it with her incredibly sexy performance! This is a great little movie that is very unique and creative, with some nice plot twists and wonderful performances !, I highly recommend this !! The direction is very good!. Jez Butterworth does a very good job here, with a good camera work, solid angles and keeping the movie at a fast pace! The action is wonderful! Nicole Kidman is great! And is amazing as always, she is incredibly sexy, very sympathetic, had one of the coolest accents, added a lot of presence, had very good chemistry with Ben Chaplin and had a very mysterious character! , she was amazing. (Kidman Rules !!!!). Ben Chaplin is amazing here, he is extremely sympathetic, had a cold character, had very good chemistry with Kidman, all I did not like was that he took his anger out on Kidman, even though what she did was wrong and I loved how he eventually became revenge! Vincent Cassel is great as the biggest villain, yes he was OTT, but he was very intense and quite scary at times, this role was perfect for him. Mathieu Kassovitz is ok here, but doesn't have much to do. The rest of the throw is fine. Overall I highly recommend this one!. *** 1/2 out of 5
