I would highly recommend this movie! And I would definitely recommend it to my friends and family here and abroad! It was with excited expectation that I just pre-ordered it online, I enjoyed it so much! It's not out until February / March 2008, but it will be worth the wait! But first go and see it in the cinema if you can. There's nothing quite like Cinema-Experience with a movie! Insist that your local cinema puts it on! I went to see 'Seachd, the inaccessible Pinacle' tonight, here in London, and was really impressed. It is a marvel: a truly beautiful film in the Highlands: you will laugh, you will cry, you will be moved in different ways, you will be fascinated, and as the story of the stories is revealed, you will be amazed at it epiphany. <br /> <br /> This movie is in Scottish Gaelic with English subtitles, but don't let it hurt you if you're not a gala guy: I just started and my son doesn't, and there weren't many there tonight and it didn't ruin it for us in any way! Superlatives are not enough! The photography is fantastic - there is no CGI here, and the movie is the better for it - here you have real photography! Scripture is so deeply and subtly written. The multi-layered plot weaves magical art from the ancient storytellers. The music is sometimes awakening, sometimes joking, but always adds to atmospheric surroundings. And the actor? ... it is to see ... and the actors? ... the true weavers of this lovely yet deep film, especially the two main actors, 'Padruig-the-young' and 'Padruig-the-Elder' (A true bard, if ever there!), both of which had a lot heavy load! And the direction? Now beware of Richard! And the producer responsible for financing hires key personnel and arranges distributors? A job well done! I hope you will make sure that the distribution goes to our community abroad! And the Gaelic community? Owl without you could not have happened! We were told that this movie was made on a low budget, but you wouldn't know it and I think it may be because, for what they might have lacked in money, they more than made up for the heart. wealth, and the warmth and cooperation of the local Scottish Gaelic community. <br /> <br /> A warm thanks to everyone interested in making and sponsoring 'Seachd' - Mòran taing! (Thank you very much!) From Gaels to the world! From the World to Gaels!
