It is true that you always remember what you did at a time when disaster or tragedy hit. And no more so on September 11, 2001, a date that changed the entire global landscape in its fight against terrorism. No, this documentary did not appear to be at home on the events that led to the 9/11. The films, the Brothers Gédéon and Jules Naudet, on the other hand, set out to make a documentary about trials and trials of a novice New York firefighter . They had gone to the academy and made some shots of training and had handpicked their "proby" (probation firefighter) to join them in a NY firehouse, home of Ladder 1 and Engine 7. But their production had to evolve and include time , is believed to be the only shot of the first plane that slams into the World Trace Center. <br /> <br /> I went back with a friend on the train from a night of LAN games and received a call of approx. 850:00 local time from my father who informed me of the above. A few minutes later, he told me there was another and that the WTC was under attack. When I got home, the two floors of the upper floors were on fire and in smoke, and to my horror they collapsed within an hour. The filmmakers had two cameras running that day, one who had followed a team on a routine call and who immediately drove to the WTC after hearing and seeing the plane crash into it. We follow what is possible, the only recorded order of events in the lobby of WTC1, where the first respondents from firefighters, paramedics and police had to understand what happened and quickly develop an action plan. The second camera, held by the other brother, took his way to the WTC to search for his siblings and on the go, New Yorkers captured many expressions as well as the chaos in and around Manhatten. <Br /> <br /> Peppered throughout the documentary are numerous interviews with the men of Ladder 1 and Engine 7 who miraculously do not suffer any accident. But survivors also got their own set of psychological unrest, as they struggle to express themselves with the event. Through the events that unfold, we learn about the strong companionship of these men who risk living and limping each day on their jobs to save lives. We began with what the documentary was supposed to be before Today's events fluctuated completely and were focused right up to the rescue phase, where the hope of finding survivors under the ruins was kept alive by the men who work around the clock to make sense of the collapsed steel structures. It's not a movie produced, and what you see here can't be recreated in any other documentary (and heavens, not audio phases for Hollywood blockbusters). It's as close as you can get to the day you witness the event close to security. <br /> <br /> Code 1 DVD includes a separate additional hour with 4 sets of interviews with Ladder 1 and Engine 7 men.
