To sum up this documentary with a few words, it is almost impossible. Each fiber in your body tells you that this does not happen right from the opening of fast-fire images to the last shot of clean-up at Ground Zero, but each frame is real. The story was perceived by two French brothers living in New York. Jules (28) and Gideon (31) Naudet (pronounced "Nau-day") wants to make a documentary about New York City Firefighters starting with a "beginner" from the academy and following him through the 9-month trial to full-fledged fireman. Look for help from their close friend, actor James Hanlon (36), an actor and firefighter at Station 1, Engine 7, Naudet's aim through "Probies" at the Academy and find one Tony Benetakos to focus most of their documentary on. <br /> <br /> Tony becomes the ham of jokes and slowly learns into and out of the station's life through the members of this close family. Firefighters have a superstition about "Probies". It is that they are either "White Clouds" or "Black Clouds" which means that with the latter follows all sorts of fires "Probie". The first means that very little fire activity follows, but one day there will be a mother of all fires. Tony is a "white cloud". After some incipient growing pain, Tony sets himself in the wood-burning stove as if he were an experienced veterinarian. So it happens unthinkable .... September 11, 2001 begins with a clear blue sky and an early morning ring to go and see if a supposed gas leak is not far from Wall Street. Because Jules has had a little camera experience, Gideon handles a camera to his younger brother and tells him to ride with the boss, T. K. Pfeiffer. Arriving around kl. At 8:42, the firefighters begin to use their gas detectors over a grate. Then the sudden roar of what seems to be a flight over the stage rages, and as Jules jumps up, we see today's first strike. American Airlines Flight 11 smashes into the face of the North Tower of 1 World Trade. Pfeiffer orders his men in the fire engine and they head to the World Trade Center. Once there, Jules asks to accompany the boss in the tower. Pfeiffer tells Naudet to stay close to him. Once inside, the full impact of the growing disaster begins to manifest itself on the men whose sole purpose is to save lives. <br /> <br /> Gideon Naudet decides to leave the log house and go down to the battlefield. Once he captures the influence of another aircraft, United Airlines Flight 175, with 2 World Trade. He knows that Jules is with Chief Pfeiffer in the towers. Looking at and capturing the peoples' response to the unthinkable, Gideon begins to tap into the growing fear in Lower Manhattan. Inside the tower, Jules records the last sight, the world or loved one will have of their sons, fathers, uncles, grandfathers, husbands, lovers, friends as one by one, every firefighter carrying 60kg of equipment begins the long, difficult climb up stories to save the injured and trapped. Jules also captures the last glimpse that Chief Pfeiffer wants his brother Kevin to leave as he leaves his selfless duty. Also captured on video is the gutwrenching sound of falling bodies hitting the sidewalk from victims who choose to jump from the higher floors above the battle zone, rather than the face in the hands of the flames and fumes. But Jules is respectful, never catching a sensationalist moment ... money shot. His work is professional through his baptism baptism. He also captures the sight of garbage falling from tower two after it is hit by the second aircraft and the orderly manner in which the firefighters evacuated civilians from the building. Then Jules is captured in the collapse of the southern tower and the first official victim is taken: Father Michael Judd, the Fire Brigade Captain. So as Jules and Chief Pfeiffer make their way out of the collapse of the collapse of tower two, the tower begins its structural breakdown. <br /> <br /> What results are breathtaking, crisp views from Inside Ground Zero when Jules and Gideon work separately to document that day. Not knowing whether it is alive, each fearing the worst. When every firefighter comes to the lighthouse, they greet each other with happy hugs by making it back. And in an instant with overwhelming emotions, Jules and Gideon reunite. As Jules cries on his brother's shoulder, Gideon embraces his younger brother when Hanlon makes the filmmakers the object. There is a terrible moment when Tony Benetakos, who left the station with a former boss, is believed to have lost ... but returns to the fold, this "Probie" has appeared. <br /> <br /> Shown with only three interruptions, 9/11 is a great achievement in documentaries. It is up there with the Hindenburg footage showing the story as it unfolds. Naudets should be praised for their deep handling of the subject. In smaller hands, the tendency will be towards the sensational, but the Naudes temper their eye toward dignity and compassion. Hanlon says he gets the feeling of his words as he takes the audience through the events of September 11th. Robert De Niro hosts the program in a gloomy, reluctant way. He never seeks the camera for his own glory, but he sets out the scenes you are about to see. I also recommend CBS for their brave by moving this special. Chastised for their attempts to get reviews, they temper their editing against the feelings of relatives of those who died. This is a must see for anyone who needs to be reminded of what true heroism is. It's not about dribbling a basketball or selling an album of hate texts ... 9/11 is about humanity at best. Heroism at its best and the cost of freedom. <br /> <br />
