Super-slick entertainment with a star cast, an excellent script, and a firm grip on the 1950s. At that time, RKO was showing classic noirs of dozens. However, regardless of the value of these shady downers, they immediately reflected a war-time mood to make room for the wiser rocks in the Eisenhower era. Few movies from the late 40s are further from the noir cycle or more tuned to the upcoming consumer tower than this sassy little comedy. Jim Blanding (Cary Grant) works as ad-man on Madison Ave. where in his words, he sells things to people they don't need at prices they can't afford. He makes good money, but as thousands of others he is tired of living in a narrow urban "cave". So, along with wife Myrnah Loy, they go after their dream home in the wild of the Connecticutt countryside. Needless to say, in the arms of nature they get more than they act for and in a fun way. <br /> <br /> There is hardly a lifeless line throughout the script. I don't know if authors Panama and Frank got an Oscar, but they should have. Of course, humor is about all the problems that pop-up when the city's people build a large rural house. The annoyance jumps up almost as fast as the mortgage, with all the eccentric types running the construction program and giving Grant a hard time. Of course, no irritation or frustration exerts more humorous than Grant, so it's just a well-placed laugh after another, especially when the locked closet seems to have an infernal mind in itself. Still, the film doesn't seem to have a comical highlight. Instead, the laxions are separated so academically that they do not jump at a certain time. It's a real movie triumph at any time. <br /> <br /> When we come back 60 years later, we can see how sharp the script ideas look forward rather than backwards. With their live-in girl, Blandings cannot be a typical American family, but the post-war migration from narrow towns to spacious suburbs was typical. And what a more suggestive job for the upcoming consumerism than Blandings as an "ad-man" who is tasked with finding quicker ways to sell more "ham". More than anything, however, the film's sunny optimism. Oh, sure, the feeling sometimes falls, but the belief that a better future is on the horizon if Blandings just adheres to their dream carries them through. In fact, life will improve for many people during the upcoming wave, so I expect the film to be deeply resonated with today's audience. It is the easily translated subtitle along with the sheer entertainment value that makes this movie an important comedy record in the post-war period. So if you haven't seen it, take it next time.
