Coinciding with the baby boom's beginnings, the years after World War II, an unusual exodus of Americans moving out of their condominiums to the suburbs, where they can fulfill their dreams of owning their own home. Directed by H.C. Potter and co-written by Norman Panama and Melvin Frank ("White Christmas"), this lightweight but surprisingly observant 1948 screw basketball comedy captures the feeling of that period very well. Of course, it helps get a trio of expert farceurs ?? Cary Grant, Myrna Loy and a special noble Melvyn Douglas ?? Leads the case with their natural resemblance as opposed to the escalating frustrations in the home. Although the film is 60 years old, there is a timeless quality for Blanding's dream and the barriers they face to achieve it. Clearly, Hollywood thinks it is because it has been made at least twice - first as a very physical Tom Hanks comedy, 1986's "The Money Pit", and again last year with Ice Cube's "Are We Done Yet?" . A look at HGTV's programming plan shows you how the situations explored here still resonate today. The concept begins with the admirer Jim Blandings, his wife Muriel and their two daughters penetrated into a two bedroom one bath Manhattan apartment. Instead of pursuing Muriel's idea of ​​renovating the $ 7,000 apartment, Jim sees a picture of a Connecticut house in a magazine and realizes that this is where they need to move. With the help of an opportunist realtor and on the advice of their lawyer and family friend Bill Cole, Blandings decides to buy a ramshackle house that has difficulty repairing. However, the foundation judges so hard that the house must be broken down in favor of a new one. This sparks the mixture to push the architect to design a house so exaggerated that the second floor is twice the size of the first. The cost increases with each new complication, temples flare, and even a romantic triangle is depicted among Jim, Muriel and Bill. Priorities finally sort out, but not before some fun slapstick scenes and clever dialogue that adapts the new homeowners' not-so-happy ignorance. With its dual and flawless line delivery, Grant is infallible in this kind of farce, and Jim's mix epitomizes his more domesticated mid-career characters. In a role originally intended for Irene Dunne, Myrna Loy shows why she was Hollywood's perfect wife. She doesn't get many of the more fun lines, but she combines her special blend of volatility and sauciness to make Muriel an appealing character alone. See her handled the overly comfortable house painter with her absurd idiosyncratic color palette. As an incomplete, Rørevoks Bill ("Cole ?? Bill Cole"), Melvyn Douglas shows his natural, easy-going élan as Grant's foil. Smaller roles are filled academically with particularly memorable revolutions by Harry Shannon as a laconic pitcher Mr. Tesander, Lurene Tuttle as Jim's Officer Assistant Mary and Louise Beavers as Blanding's beloved girl Gussie. The 2004 DVD provides some exciting vintage materials, including two radio versions of the movie - the first 1949 version, which ended up pairing Grant and Dunne and then another 1950s version link Grant with his then actor, Betsy Drake. A most suitable 1949 cartoon, "The House of Tomorrow", is also included, giving us a comic trip to a futuristic dream home. The original theatrical trailers for ten of Grant's movie classics complete the extras.
