Japanese Tomo Akiyama's Keko Mask (1993) is extremely comfortable trash and so fun to watch! There are also some followers, but I have not seen them since these films are hyper rare. Some kind of re-releases one day would be nice as I think many garbage players would like these movies. The tongue in the cheek story is about an extremely strict school, where teachers believe that it is okay to torture the students for discipline, which, according to the teachers, is the most important thing in the education. The school is led by incredibly fun looks (just look at the costume!) The human guide / no matter who is the principal of the school and it only adds to the camp that it never explains why he wears such a costume since all other teachers are quite normal dressed. Now the main film about the film is its name, Keko Mask, a beautiful and masked adventure that will always save girls and students being mistreated and tortured by the teachers! Yes, this super-heart is an effective woman when she kicks and fights the evil teachers with completely cheesy soundtracks playing on the background. The most important thing, of course, is that she doesn't wear anything but a robe and a mask with the rest of her body naked! Her identity is never revealed in these films, and also the credits say "Keko Mask: Unknown" while the actors' names are listed! <br /> <br /> The most hilarious thing in this movie is how Keko Mask kills his enemies. She has a beautiful but deadly sheath! Yes, you read right. She kills her victims by flying in the air in front of them, spreading her legs and letting the enemies be stunned by the view, then she flies closer and snaps their throat with their legs! The most common last line of characters in this movie is like, "I never saw such a beautiful vagina" and "Now I can die in peace." This movie is amazing! <br /> <br /> There are also some good things for Japanese society, such as its attitude to sex in movies (Japanese censors optical fog / blur all hair in any movie) and also some school student restrictions (like girls and boys must not speak in this movie, etc.) There is a big scene where a geek sees girl's just you-know-what for the first time and says "Hey, there's no fog in it!" I couldn't help laughing at this scene when I thought what the Japanese censors think of this. A sign ultimately says he will return if Japan Films allows to make the sequel. I am pleased that it is allowed as I have heard followers are just as scandalous. A sequel must include the Blues Brothers (yes, these Blues Brothers!) In it, etc. This is garbage bin in its most comfortable, funniest and also smartest form and so it is a little shame that these movies are so hard to find. This would certainly be even more experience if it was a little more fast moving at times, as it gets a little boring at some point, but fortunately these segments are very few. This film has to be seen to be fully accepted as there are so many trash cans that I do not mention here and it would not be necessary to tell them all here. If you like trash and movies made with the tongue in very cheek, I think you'll love this little gem as I do, and the director is definitely a genius in this field! 8/10 Maybe the only movie where a shining sheath is deadly?
