I borrowed this movie despite its extremely low rating, because I wanted to see how the crew manages to animate the presence of multiple worlds. In fact, they didn't - at least so it works. Some cameo looks cut pretty clumsy in the movie - that's what the majority of viewers think. However, the surprise finally comes, and unfortunately, when probably most of the viewers have already stopped this movie. I was also amazed when I saw that the Brazilian-Portuguese title of this movie means "Voyage into Death". This is THE spoiler. <br /> <br /> That movie is about a young girl going ALONE on this boat (for reasons that are quite unclear), you only understand in the last 5 minutes. When you start the movie with the English title "Haunted Boat" in your head, you clearly believe that the cameo adventures of strange characters are the "ghosts". But in reality, this movie is not like most other horror films told from the distant writer-watcher perspective, which can almost always distinguish between different levels of reality, it is told from the young girl's perspective. We don't see her alone, but with the four friends because she sees them. We can't see that she is alone. So, the parallel worlds are not the cameo adventures flickering into the picture stream, but the main story! We have at least two parallel worlds: the world where the girl is and the world where the four friends are. An intrusion into a third world is probably the young man with the medical skills coming shortly on the boat. <br /> <br /> I can't get rid of the deep conviction that with this movie, the filmmakers "cheated" an audience of thousands of people by letting them believe that what they've done is more or less one foreign film student elaborated on rapidly "selected" pseudo-actors who met just the night before the start of the shooting in a dump after at least twelve beers. How wrong you can be! But in addition to this great surprise, which you only learn in the last minutes, the final surprise ends. The girl is rescued by a crew in a helicopter and another boat. When she has returned from her shock, she visits the place again at the harbor, where she rises up the boat with the four friends. And there they are again! They wave her to them from the boat, which has already taken off the coast. She jumps into the water, arrives at the boat - and they are gone. Miraculously beautiful. It reminds me a little to the end of a poem by a rhetoric writer: When I woke up, I saw death standing by my bed. But I closed my eyes. When I opened them again, he was gone.
