In the voice of who begins the movie, Hughie (Billy Connolly), a roadie for the big 70's band Strange Fruit, said that the cause of the lightning strike at a rock festival to stop the Strange Fruit set was that God was sick of the 70's excess. In fact, it has been popular to abandon that era of music and see punk as a welcome antidote to it. Although I agree that the surplus was tedious (as well as the misogynistic hardships that came out of it), and as a punk, I'm still a fan of what is considered classical rock or glamrock, and this movie of Strange Fruits Long , strange reunion is a loving tribute to those days. <br /> <br /> One of the reasons the movie works is the care of the people behind the scenes. Brian Gibson instructed WHAT IS LOVE GOT TO DO WITH IT, about Tina Turner (while having problems with the movie's dramatic parts, the music was handled very well), writers Dick Clement and Ian Le Frenais wrote the commitments and were behind the music-oriented British television Broadcasting ABOUT THE RAINBOW, and the songs Strange Fruit played were co-written by the alien's Mick Jones (not to be confused with The Clash's Mick Jones), so it was a meeting of people who knew what they were talking about. Also two cast members are musicians in themselves (Bill Nye I don't know, even though the film credits him with his own song, and he certainly looks like a leading singer in that era while Jimmy Nail was in another British television show that was music oriented, though I forgot the name, and he was in EVITA), and the others are convinced of it. And while I said a lot of 70 bands like Strange Fruit said violently against women, the movie doesn't make the same mistake (except the woman who follows Timothy Spall); As head of the reunion, Juliet Aubrey is quite good and plays a fully rounded character. <br /> <br /> The other actors are also good, with special praise for Stephen Rea, who handles the more dramatic role well without sentimentality. There are a few plot points that do not work, but generally it is quite fun. Oh yes, and the music is good too.
