What happens to washed rock-n-roll stars in the late 1990s? They launch a comeback / reunion tour. At least that's what the members of Strange Fruit, a (fictional) 70-stadium rock group do. Tony (Stephen Rea) has the concession on condominiums when he runs into the promoter's son of a famous music festival. It was at the festival of the 70s that Strange Fruit broke up. The 70s are "retro" and time is right to spread that wave. He sets off for the other band members. <br /> <br /> Part of what broke up in the band was death and replacement of Keith, leading singer and brilliant songwriter. The band was known for its exaggerated lifestyle, and now they are all back from the working class from which they came. Beano, drummer played by Timothy Spall (who was brilliant in Secrets and Lies), is a layabout, the bassist is a roofer, and their lead singer is still a rocker. While he owns a large mansion, he has been forced to sell it when his fortune has not been. Brian, the lead guitarist, is dead, so a young guitarist is hired to replace him. <br /> <br /> Something reluctantly the band agrees to give the reunion a chance. They leave their daily jobs, they start practicing, and their leader approaches their album reissue label. But he wants them to begin to tour again first. And then they hit the club's circuits around Europe. The club scene is not friendly to these overweight dated old rockers. It is on tour that the movie really starts to evolve. All the old conflicts luggage, with the characters Keith and Brian hovering all the way through. They are connected because they are all looking for another chance for the greatness that has shown them before. And they rediscover some of the interpersonal chemistry that made it possible to play together so much fun. <br /> <br /> Still Crazy starts as Spinal Tap II, but gradually becomes a more dramatic focused movie that follows band members' relationships. Even though it is still a very fun movie, it is the evolving characters who are struggling to handle Brian and Keith's death and with their own personal demons making the film work.
