This series may well be the best Britcom ever and it says a lot, given the competitors (Fawlty Towers, Good Neighbors just to name two). What made Butterflies so superior, even to the best of the best, is that it not only exemplified great, classical, classical and intelligent comedy, but also expanded horizons that reflect - flawlessly, gently, and in every detail - the great social change that happened in Britain at the time. <br /> <br /> I remember seeing this show as a teenager and being in awe of everything about it. The depicted lifestyle was remarkable in itself. This was the first time I saw real people using wireless phones. And the wardrobe of all the characters was far removed from the shabby seventies dress that was still seen in North America at that time. Then there were decors, shop fronts, cars. These people - even the little sons, with their philosophical approach to life and epigrammatic humor - were sophisticated. They were examples of the "new Europeans" who would influence life and style throughout the world in the coming decade (1980s). Of course, the premise was strange and amazing. The idea that someone living in the suburban dream could be so dissatisfied and restless was revolutionary, especially for North Americans, for whose happiness was always defined as money and things (it was certain that the situation was depicted in American films and television, but not with the intensity of butterflies or the movie Montenegro). And if the assumption was not surprising enough, the way it was expressed took it to the utmost. A potential affair that wasn't really about sex, or even romance? Butterflies dazzled many, but it must have left some people beating their foreheads in disbelief ... at that time anyway. Butterflies proved to be - in many ways - prophetic. It documented, before its time - post-modern ennui, all-pervasive lifestyle, the concept of emotional infidelity and generation disruption and male discontent (exhibited perfectly by the strained father-son relationships). It is wrong, this series has not been rediscovered in a great way, and everyone involved got credit to create a meaningful snapshot of a certain time and place and anticipate all the slickness and anxiety that would come.
