It cannot be denied that Hak Se Wui (Election in English) is a well-established and well-thought-out film. The film uses many clever pieces of identification all the time playing with modernity, yet sticking to tradition? a theme game with the whole movie Where John Woo's Hong Kong movie is action packed and over the top in their explosive content as seen in Hard Boiled (1992), and when Hong Kong movies sit down in rhythms to tell the story of the "bad" 'point of view, they can sometimes encounter and just become immense, a good example is City on Fire (1987). Elections are a film that is memorable for the sheer fact of its unpredictable scenes, spontaneous action and violence performed in a realistic and tasteful (if it is the right word) way, as well as the clever little "broken" filmmaking. It's hard to spot while viewing, but choices really are built in a kind of three action structure: There is the first point of concern that involves the actual election and who is voted in, voted in? Not everyone likes the decision, but what the uncles say goes. The second act is the retrieval of the ancient relay from China, which tradition requires, to be present during the dedication with the last third succession of the dedication, and some figures come up with their own ideas of how the Triads should and could be driven. Needless to say; Some events and phrases occur in each of the three thirds, some are small and immaterial, while some are much larger and spectacular. Choices have some errors with the majority coming in the third. Trying to kill the time around a choice that only takes a few minutes to complete was clearly a tough task for the authors and filmmakers, and it shows in many points. I felt that a particular scene just started going somewhere before it was interrupted by the police, and then everyone was arrested. This happens a couple of times: a fight breaks out in a restaurant, but the police are there and everyone is arrested there is a secret meeting about the relay between the triads, but the police appear and everyone is arrested some other triads have a pre-election talk, but the police show up and guess what? You know. <br /> <br /> When the movie comes out of the route I thought it would, it uses a sacred relay as a plot unit to get everyone moving. Baton runs some good fighting scenes like hunting for a truck after it has been hotwired, another hunt involving a motorcycle and a kung-fu battle with a lot of melee weapons on a street ?? The scenes are unpredictable, realistic and violent, but, as I said, they are in a "tasteful" way. Where choices really change, its attention to the fine detail. When the triads are in prison, the beams are covered by wires, suggesting that they are all animals in cages, as is the way they behave from the outside when in conflict. Another great attention to detail is the way in which the uncles bark with tea and not alcohol that lifts over other main gangsters who want to use champagne (The Long Good Friday) and also refer to Chinese tradition of drinking tea to celebrate or celebrate . <br /> Choices are a good movie structured well enough to enjoy and a movie that has a fantastic mise-one scene while you look at what's going on. Some of the indoor settings and clothes as well as the style shovels poured on as the quest and hunt for the relay intensify. The dedication is like another short film completely and very well integrated into the film; hinting at Chinese tradition in the process. I feel that the best scene is the end stage as it sums it up perfectly: two sharp characters fishing and debating the triads' judgment all the time remain realistic, unpredictable and violent: of course tasteful.
