It may be a little wrong to open a review by describing a movie in the form of other movies, but I think it is the best way to give an approximation to the Spot Choices in the gangster genre arena. It seems a place between The Godfather and Kinji Fukasaku's yakuza opus The Yakuza Papers (AKA fights without honor and humanity), while being both romantic and realistic, dark and gritty. But it's also a Johnnie Two movie, and as such, it carries the distinctive touch of the Hong Kong author. <br /> <br /> Every two years HK Triad chooses a new manager. Only this time, one of the candidates is not too happy about the result, so he decides to take matters into his own hands much to the dismay of the rest of Triads and the police. It's the story of a nutshell, but be sure it has much more to go for it than that. As in The Yakuza Papers, there is a great deal of scheming, back-stabbing and shaping and switching of allegiances (sometimes it's just a phone call - in one of the most memorable scenes I've seen in recent times) that Perhaps not necessarily too deep a drama but makes for an interesting plot and good character conflict. Fans of the gangster genre will probably appreciate it in that aspect. Choices are not as action-oriented as you might expect; even if it is violent. And I'm not talking about the smooth, glamorous version of Hollywood violence. This is dark and cloudy. To the camera lingers in the scenes that people are being brutalized in ways that reveal both humanity and inhumanity by the perpetrators and victims; after all violence is an integral part of us, whether we like it or not. <br /> <br /> If you are familiar with To's style, then you need to know what to expect. Pacing is relatively slow and deliberate. The cinematography is large, smooth and dark in equal measure, with dark shades (brown, dark green and orange), while smooth slides provide a lively quality to it. Ultimately, choices take a peculiar place. It's not exactly a character study, and it's not an action-oriented gangster movie. It explores a situation (the election and its succession), but does so in style and is both realistic and romanticized (Triad ceremonies, especially echoes of an Oriental godfather).
