First of all, I have to say that I made a mistake by watching the election films out of order. Unfortunately, I say because after seeing elections 2, first choice seems a little disappointed. Both films are gangster epics that are similar. And while choices are a comfortable piece of cinema ... it's just not as good as it's a sequel. In the first parliamentary term, we show the two competitors to the President; Big D and Lok. After a couple of discussions among "Uncle's" about who should have the president's title, they (almost unanimously) decide that Lok (Simon Yam) will demolish Triads. Suffice it to say this doesn't go very well with competitor Big D (Tony Leung Ka Fai) and in an attempt to influence the takeover, Big D kidnaps two of the uncles to float the electoral roll to his side. This has catastrophic results and leads the triads to an all-out war. Lok is determined to become president, but will not be official until he can restore "Dragon Head Baton", a material representation of the President's power. The current president, Whistle (Chung Wang) has saved the relay somewhere in mainland China, and the race is on to see who can recover first. <br /> <br /> Much of the movie is dedicated to Baton. As both aspiring leaders seek it, they must dodge police and opposite sides, leading to one of the prominent scenes of choice, involving an underground named Jet (Nick Cheung), a machete and many evil. Nick Cheung's presence is attentive to say the least ... I wonder if this affected Director Johhnie To in any way while making the second choice as he delivers more of Jet's character in the sequel. <br /> <br /> While Nick Cheung is performing a stage show, I don't have to give up because of the rest of the movie's actors. Elections have a large ensemble cast with deliberate performances that are both subtle and influential. Simon Yam is his usual glorious self, and the film also benefits from heavyweight HK actors such as Louis Koo, Tony Leung Ka Fai and the undervalued Suet Lam. There are really no weak links in the actor, and one can easily believe that they are looking at real gangsters. <br /> <br /> Although the show is amazing, one of the most impressive choices of choice is Johnnie's eye to the camera. There are some really striking images in the movie, and it goes without saying that To know how to hit his pictures, the viewer is treated to a number of innovative and rather brilliant camera locations and angles. All this makes choices, above all a nice movie. My problems with the movie mostly arise from the sharp amount of characters involved in elections. It becomes a little difficult to follow because the movie is so full of characters that are not integrated into the plot. While the sequel chooses to focus more on the two candidates, the first election offers the electoral process as a whole with tons of uncles, underlings and police officers in need of history. Perhaps the movie would have worked better if it would have been a little longer with more time dedicated to the Triad's inner work, or whose director Johnnie To would have thrown down the necessary elements and explained more about them. Bottom Line - All in all, this is a wonderful brutal movie with a fantastic cast, excellent direction and casual pacing that packs a blow. It's just a little more complicated than it should be.
