Twelve years ago, the production of the slasher girl "Hot Blooded" stopped when almost everyone on the set began to die. Now, a couple of film studios have decided to end the film, despite rumors that the film is damned. Now they are finding out that some curses are real. When Scream was released, all countries seemed to be pushing their success, even Australia. The concept that has been made to death today (a slasher film in a slasher film) was relatively cool and original at that time. This movie was released just before Urban Legends: Final Cut and Scream 3 (not well in the US but in Australia), so it felt like the first movie with this concept. When Urban Legends 2 was released, most of us were all ready to get sick of the concept and when the movie wasn't even good, the movie flopped catastrophically. Now Cut is not the best slasher ever, and neither is trying to be. It knows it's a rip-off, and they even cast a girl that looks like a blonde version of Neve Campbell in the lead. But instead of trying to add some new and original phrases to the story, they have decided to tear off some 80's slasher flicks as "Nightmare on Elm Street" too and surprisingly it actually works. The killer is very scary and that mask is just a killer! And instead of trying to scare the audience, they have created a very good and eerie atmosphere that keeps us excited for most of the movie. There are a few plot holes in the movie, although I couldn't fully ignore, the end being the biggest plot hole in the movie. Spoiler in front I mean, they burned the only copy of the movie, so where in the hell did they find the print they show in the final scene? It makes no sense I tell you. End of spoilers. All in all, Cut is a pretty scary slasher flick with a silly story, but I consider this to be one of the better Scream rip-offs that never made it big. I'm surprised this never got a sequel, but I guess it just came out late. <br /> <br /> Suspenseful Australian slasher flick with very few scares. Cut is still a pretty nice slasher movie, and I have to recommend this, though I consider the story to be pretty stupid, as it is quite ridiculous.
