When I think of the cheesiest culprit-type movies, the first thing I'm thinking of is the 80s slasher flicks. Really bad slasher flicks. The formal type of movie where everything a script needed was 2 parts blood and several parts nudity to be made. <br /> <br /> Flash until the late 90s / early 00s. Slasher flick has been revitalized with the success of 1996's "Scream". As in the 80s, these films were formal and masked lack of inspiration by labeling themselves as "hip-tongue-in-cheek parodies" of the original slasher flicks. Of this recent blend of "hip parody" neo-slasher flicks, the only one worth seeing is the low-budget, direct-to-video "Cut". Like most of the other "new" slasher flicks, "Cut" relies on the production of a slasher flick, in this case a fictional 1985 movie "Hot Blooded" to comment on the genre. "Hot Blooded" never finished the production because of the killing of someone who had the mask on the movie's killer, Scarman, a bald figure with his mouth stitched tight and dark, pupilless eyes. Now, 12 years later, a group of film students whose professor was involved in the production decided to go into the vaults, tap the original surviving actress and finish the movie. But every time the movie is screened or a scene is shot, "Scarman" returns and a person dies. To quote the tagline, will they complete the movie before it finishes them? <br /> <br /> It all sounds really bad, and to a degree it's (really there is one thing like a good slasher flick?). There is no sign development (the "new" instructor is revealed to be the daughter of "Hot Blooded" original director, whose life was apparently destroyed after production was canceled, which would have been a perfect detail to work into the plot, but it is never mentioned again) and just like in all other slasher flicks, there are just too many bodies to take care of. The actors are not big, even knowing directly about video standards, but most have fun with their characters (and for those who are not, it is unintentional to act as none of their characters in the movie wanted to work on "Hot Blooded "), especially the one who was lucky enough to play Scarman. "Cut "'s climax has no great" who dunnit "unmasking the killer as in the" Scream "movies. It doesn't have gimmick kills in the "Urban Legend" movies. What it has is an original and interesting concept that is diluted by "this way we can write a sequel if it sells well" ends. But it is par for the course. <br /> <br /> With some reasonable viewing standards, this is a horrible movie that should be avoided, but this "quality" is what makes it right in its roots in the slasher genre, and that's what makes it more comfortable than any of the other neo-slasher flicks.
