For a slasher flick, this movie is actually better than much in the genre. It is predictably-resident nut job continues to kill spree, people die, yada yada yada. However, there are some good positives in this movie. First, I really liked the mask that the nuts were wearing. It is absolutely eerie to say the least and possibly unique (although I have not seen every single slasher film ever made), the reason for the bad reason is also something I have not seen before and how he finally meets his end is a new concept, As far as I know. I also liked the optional weapon that was employed by Mr Sicko for most of the murders. The murders are not as graphic as most of the genre, but it is a small concern. The movie does not take itself seriously, which is something that most slashers suffer from. probably while I watched the movie, I was reminded of the early "Friday the 13th movie that took itself seriously. There are a few worries about this movie. In several scenes, the killer suddenly carries that equality with one of Our horror icons. By this I mean his movements and his reactions to being shot and also the way he walked. Of greater concern is a scene very close to the end where Mr Crazy carries a more than striking resemblance (actually a complete rip off of another famous horror titan.and in the very first scenes we have our scumbag once again to look exactly like the first horror icon i mentioned.In fact, the last scene is almost a complete rip-off from another icon in the slasher genre, these scenes were weak and unoriginal (of course.) By the way, the movie is set in Australia, so if you are a sucker for a chick with an Aussie accent (like me), you will be in heaven. than it can just congratulate you, another great thing v ed this movie: beautiful Kylie Minogoue (just don't get too attached to her) there's a non-Aussie accent, courtesy of Molly Ringwald. Everywhere there are several reasons to see or not. I enjoyed it and had some fun. So I have to give the "Cut" 8/10, which may seem too high for some people.
