As with all Angelopoulos films, "Stork's Suspended Steps" implicitly requires a close and intimate view of the viewer, a fact that has certainly contributed to his limited popularity. Dialogues are scarce, without monologues or exchanges that exude the inner conflicts, doubts or feelings of the character. The filmmaker prefers to keep viewers away from their own emotional reactions, and instead forces them to explore and study the characters' identities for themselves. As a result, the action is understated and implicit, as opposed to open and explicit. The action scenes are set between long considerations, where the viewer is asked to become a participant, to participate as an actor, by examining his or her own psyche. As in a novel where the drama rests entirely on the author's writing to give a template where readers' imagination and / or past experience flourishes, Angelopoulos drama rests within his images: his use of the long shots, the long take, the casual pacing , the scant dialogues that have become his trademark, and invites the viewer to experience the film from his or her personal perspective. Angelopoulos uses silence to capture high-intensity moments, returning to the non-verbal language with gestures, gaze, sounds and music when he thinks words can only take us so far. <br /> <br /> The music, by Angelopoulos' long-standing partner, Eleni Karaindrou, gives more than just a discreet background but becomes a dramatic element in history. Much of the film consists of exterior shoots in subtle, muted colors, recorded in a killing winter light. Angelopoulos presents us with a "second Greece" that is far different from the tourist brochures Greece, with ethereal blue skies and emerald lakes, drowned in an eternal sunshine. Here the sky is covered and gray, the air is cold and foggy, and the sand on the pristine beaches has been replaced by the trampled, dirty snow of the village streets. Angelopoulos' genius through Arvanitis's camera is on display throughout the film. <br /> <br /> "Stork's suspended steps" are above all a political statement aimed at the socio-political situation in the Balkans at the end of the twentieth century. It is deeply concerned about the importance of "borders" and with those who are victims of confusion between nations. In the "waiting room" against the Albanian border, refugees, political or others, are exposed to the rest of humanity. They can cling to a political border, but unfortunately they still carry them and hang on the deeper ancestral borders: the language, customs and race languages. Although Angelopoulo's political views are well known, the film removes any political discourse on the causes of the refugees' guilt. In the process, Angelopoulos forces us to meditate on the concepts of geographical, cultural, political and personal "boundaries". <br /> <br /> Angelopoulos considers himself a 20th-century Greece historian, and he likes to bring lessons from the Hellenic myths into his discussions. In this film, he makes a border that crosses himself between the Greek and Italian cultures, which derive from a combined homeric and dantesque tradition of Odysseus' journey. Alexander is a Telemachus, in search of a story about an aging Greek politician / Odysseus, who disappeared, never to be heard again. This political man, a glorious mayor, unexpectedly and inexplicably left his bourgeois existence, his wife and his brilliant career, to live anonymously in a refugee camp with the lowest of the lows. He became an exile poet and wondered how to change the world. Of course, the "politician" is not Alexander's father, but the "politician" stands in front of Alexander as a grandfather / Odysseus. As with Homer's Telemachus, Alexander grows as a person during his odyssey. Of course it would be wrong to try to see in the movie a story of Homer's Odyssey in a modern context. Angelopoulos draws on Odysseus traveling only as structuring and thematic elements for his film. At the end of Angelopoulos, "Odysseus" is more like Dante's Odysseus: he does not leave to Ithaca, but continues to "carry a suitcase." And Alexander / Telemachus is "suspended" between returning to his home and career or embarking on a journey to "somewhere else." He says just as much, in a voice-over at the beginning of the movie, paraphrasing a few lines from Dante's "Inferno": "And don't forget that travel time has come again. The wind is blowing your eyes far away." <br /> Finally, even though Angelopoulos is not a religious person, there is a Greek Orthodox religious theme that was introduced during the film in the form of the yellow suitable linemen who go around for better things for their fellows of connecting communications. and also the Christian-like figure of "politician". In the last scene, these yellow men again show the influence of Byzantine iconography in Angelopoulo's work. They look like "stilts", religious figures found in the orthodox tradition, lonely and eager men who took their residence on top of the pillars, in the form of asceticism. <br /> <br /> The movie ends without a resolution about the true identity of the character that Mastroianni plays. Angelopoulos gives us no trace, and his wife's statement, "It's not him," is far from convincing and left ambiguous enough. The important question about the movie is not whether he is or has not disappeared politician, but that he could be the politician. But the film still ends on an optimistic note. While the strings stretched from pole to pole stretch only along the river, and so communication across the border is still not possible, and it is impenetrable, we note that this final scene is taken from a viewpoint over the river: the camera has crossed the border and the inverted tracking shot invites Alexander and the viewer to follow the border. On this account, Angelopoulos gives us hope that some of the borders will eventually crumble.
