One of the more pleasurable aspects of Asian cinema (or in fact, most of which is done outside of those holier than the United States) is the permutations that occur. For example, in World War II, Japanese manga (comic books) features a truly infinite number of topics, many of which are handled in a unique imaginative way. The same thing happens in the genre of film production; although I refer again to movies made outside U. $. (where we are just too "sophisticated" in our vicinity to appreciate everything that is not about or by the United States). For example, would an American company Don't be another than a series of movies with a masked professional wrestler (El Santo) or a werewolf (Paul Naschy) or a real life martial artist (Bruce Lee) ...? For television: forget it. While I still love the KUNG FU series that stared late David Carradine, I have always felt that the Americanized version of Asian martial arts was - how to so mildly - a little lacking. So far, there has not been a pay-per-view channel to have Asian martial artists playing Asian martial artists in Asia. (There are lots of soft-core porn masquerading as entertainment shows, but the so-called Action Channel has not yet imported or produced True True Arts teleseries.) Before Brother Cadfile examines the murder of the BBC, there was at least a Kung Fu movies that featured a group of martial artists more or less involved in a murder mystery: the 5 deadly girlfriends. In itself as fascinating as any other genre-based whodunit (western, cop show, etc.), this martial arts masterpiece stands out as a truly superior piece of work. It is now available from Dragon Dynasty, and the print is beautiful and the Bey Logan DVD commentary is EXACTLY the kind of intelligent, thought-provoking analysis these gems really deserve. If you're a martial arts fan, look forward to: One of the greatest movie genres of all time (especially the 1970s and early 1980s martial arts movies) gets a long-lasting second life (and much appreciated other look) on DVD.
