A dying Kung Fu master sends his last student to track what happened to the former five students who were members of the forbidden poison. He must see if they act too well, and if he does not have to stop them, the master also wants the student to find another member of the clan who ran off with the clans that the master will use for good. The former students were all taught in a different style of snake, centipede, scorpion, lizard, toad, while the last student was taught a little in every style. All students end up in a city looking for the old man with all the money, and soon everyone is fighting to get the money. <br /> <br /> Classic martial arts has the title that even many non-fans know well. I've talked to a couple of casual fans, and this seems to be the only movie that sticks to your head. It's a very good movie, although I'm not quite sure why this movie stays with people when there is money for my money, there are other movies that are better from the Shaw study (eg, an armed swimmer or a Brave Archer series). It's not selling the film short, it's not when the film is structured as a mystery, our hero has no idea who anyone is, and the Venom itself even at best knows only who two of the others are. We get the identity of four, but we still have to figure out who the fifth really is. The movie is also weird because a martial arts movie, except for a training sequence at the start and killing of the old and his family for the money, is really no action for about 40 or 45 minutes. It is a bold move to do so, but it pays off as the plot and the performance keep your attention. (The movie is also weird because it is the first martial arts movie I think I've ever seen where there are no women. I don't think you have a talking role and I'm pretty sure no one is shown in It's an indication of nothing, it's just something that hit me.) This is a good solid little movie that may not live up to the reputation it has in some circles, but is still a really good movie for to curl up on your sofa. br /> <br /> About 7 out of 10.
