At the end of the eighties, the era of helicopter comedy was over, as movies are moving in a different direction, comedy and otherwise. With television on the horizon, Hollywood would soon be in a very hard time. Where, one wonders, movies would have gone by if television had not come together, or was the arrival on site delayed by five or ten years? Mr. Blandings builds his dream home offers a certain way that comedy may have developed. Ad Man Jim Blandings with his wife and two daughters live in a nice but overcrowded apartment in New York City, which one day he gets the bright idea that realizing his dream of building a house can be fun in the suburbs. Then he buys some properties in Connecticut and has a built for his precise specifications. Well, almost. Had he known the problems he was in because he might have changed. Then he may not have again. You decide. On this weak premise, a wonderful movie full of conflict between the middle class's dream of owning one's own home and the often unpleasant reality of acquiring one. Nothing comes easy in this life, as Mr Blanding's teacher; But you don't have to be miserable just because things don't always go a way. After all, there is the long run. But, in a few minutes, Blandings asks how long is it? <br /> <br /> This movie is a pleasure. It is not, I assume, a masterpiece in the Capra-McCarey tradition, but it is a worthy successor to their thirties pictures and may well have been a harbinger of things to come if the arrival of television did not change the cultural landscape so radically. There is real warmth in the picture and a great deal of (W.C.) Fieldsian hard-cut reality regularly interferes, but not so much as leaving a bad taste. The people in the film are all very clever and wealthy, but determined by the professional upper middle, not the inactive upper class. Leaders Cary Grant and Myrna Loy play Mr. and Mrs. Blends to perfection; while Melvyn Douglas is fine as their pragmatic attorneys, who often have to outweigh unpleasant issues such as how the real world works. There is also a wonderful sense of what a better period one could call Roman suburbs, which were in their infancy in the immediate postwar years, as one sees the forest and streams that drew people to the land in the first place. These people are definitely fish out of water in the then largely rural Connecticut. In a few short years things will change as the rugged rush to suburbia would be in full gear and forever destroy the pastoral innocence that many had longed for in the small towns that would soon be connected to highways filled with bottles and cans, their effluvia rivaling something one would encounter in the city.
