"In the world of old-school kung fu movies, where revenge pictures came a dime a dozen, it took a lot for a movie to stand out - and even more to make it a favorite for fans after all these years Chang Cheh's finest film continues to influence the Hong Kong film industry, from the loyalty, fraternity, and obstacle topics explored by John Woo (who started in the HK film industry working for Chang) during the celebrations of heroic bloodshed in the late 1980s, for more modern films such as A Man Called Hero, which sports a character in a costume inspired by this film, the influence has also transferred to other areas of music such as the Wu-Tang clan, television commercials for Sprite and video games like "Mortal Kombat." So what makes this movie so special? The plot - on the surface - is pretty simple, it's about members of a villain, known as the "Poison Clan" who is looking for a treasure that is hidden by their siph. All members of can have e extraordinary kung fu capabilities, denoted by their animal species or "venom" (the lizard can climb walls, the scorpion has a lethal strike, etc.). Twist is when the clan always wears masks, not everyone knows who the others are. Thus, a simple plot becomes almost an exciting thriller. We do not speak the usual suspects here, but it is way beyond many other kung fu movies from the time. Probably Golden Harvest was not so happy with Chang's script - like most of his films, they felt it was too dark and violent - and they actually wanted him to add broad comic relief. Luckily, Chang added to his weapon and remained with his original manuscript, which has since been judged as one of the best movies in its time, not to ever complete an almost perfect dramatic arc and give the perfect backbone to the extraordinary action sequences . <br /> <br /> But what really strengthens the movie is the married ones themselves. Chang Cheh hit a magic formula with the cast - not only did he get talented martial artists (whose movements, competed without the help of wires or other special effects, put the most modern martial arts to shame) but also great actors. The formula proved so popular that Chang usually had one or more of the poisons in his later films. To get back to cases at hand, in most old-school movies, the actors seem to play cuts, but here the actors actually create characters. It seems that everyone has a favorite gift (mine is Philip Kwok - known to many as Mad Dog from Hard-Boiled - as Lizard), and this is the personal connection to the characters that The Five Deadly Venoms generate, which makes it to a true classic of the genre. Even if you are not a fan of old-school movies, check out the five deadly venoms if you can't see where modern movies are inspired by. "
