Of all the kung-fu movies made during the 70s and 80s, this one has developed a true cult feeling. With the exception of all the movies Bruce Lee played in this is a movie that has stood the test of time and its because of the unique story. An aging kung-fu master tells his last student Yang Tieh (Sheng Chiang) about five students he has trained earlier. All five stitches and no one have seen the face of each other, and they have all been trained differently. Their specialty in kung-fu is the name they have adopted as lizards, snake, centipede, toad and scorpion. The driver calls them the poison chamber, and he does not know what has happened to them, so he wants Tieh to find them and help those who do well to stop the others who are evil. An old man, once a member of the poison chamber, has a map of where he has hidden a lot of money, and he seems to be a target. Tieh does not know how they look, so he must interfere in society and try to find out who they are. Tieh has discovered that the snake is Hung Wen Tung (Pai Wei) and together with Tang Sen Kue (Feng Lu) who is Centipede, they kill a family to find the map. A card has been found by a mysterious man who turns out to be Scorpion, but knows that you know who he is. A local policeman named Ho Yung Sin (Philip Kwok) examines the murders with his partner Ma Chow (Chien Sun). Sin has a friend named Li Ho (Meng Lo) who is Toad and they know each other's identity. The snake discourages local officials from pinching the murders of Li Ho and, while in prison, is being tortured and killed. When Sin finds out, he goes with Tieh and together they go to fight Tung and Kue. <br /> <br /> This movie was directed by Cheh Chang and he was a very special director when it comes to these movies. Chang was not your run of the mill kung-fu director, and his film always had a special quality for them. While most martial arts films deal with revenge, Chang did not use it as a central theme. Although there is some revenge later on in this story, this movie is more complex than that. Five men trained by the same master in different ways and wearing masks. Then they are all in the same area and do not know who the other is. Very unique storyline makes this film different from all the others, and most of Chang's stories were in a class alone. I wouldn't exactly put it in the same league as "Enter The Dragon" because Bruce Lee was a worldwide icon and the martial art he exhibited was more authentic in appearance. This movie still has some impossible feats that cling to the sides of walls and everyone flips through the air, but this movie isn't necessarily about battle scenes. It is more about the intrigue of history and the characters involved. It alone makes it different from all the other kung-fu movies. Very well made with a unique story.
