This is certainly one of the best kung fu movies ever, and it can be one of the best movies ever ... It has a great plot that acts like a puzzle, with lots of intrigue and excitement. This movie is full of cat and mouse games and deceptions, with people saving their identities and their nature. The characters in this movie live and breathe much more than your average Kung Fu movie characters. They are all interesting and compelling, and the film does a good job of giving them scenes to show their personality and desires. The battle scenes play out like little stories, and many of them are very original and exciting. It has cool training sequences and martial arts skills that are so awesome they go into the imagination. There are 5 members of the poison clan, each with its own style that mimics the specific skills of a poisonous animal. The styles in each of these characters are fun to watch and you can see the techniques they use in training used during the movie. When that happens, the director uses quick cutting back to the training scene to draw a parallel. These cuts are accompanied by music changes and sound effects, and it all works really well. <br /> <br /> One thing about this movie that is very original is the way it deals with death. Of course, the director Chang Cheh was very concerned that the film did not trivialize death. This makes some of the scenes in the movie much more effective. We actually care when people are killed in this movie. This is because the camera kills on the peel of death, even when the evil kills. Some of the sequences in this movie are really intestinal. When signs begin to seek revenge, you really feel their anger and pain. At the same time, it is also a fun movie. It has all the typical things you would expect from a traditional Kung Fu movie. There is bad dubbing, the characters are willing to fight at the drop of a hat. Some of the sound effects are fun and sometimes the character of the characters is incredibly unrealistic ... all this adds only to the greatness of the movie. And let's not forget that this instructor was a visual stylist much more gifted than most of his contemporaries. If you see this movie close by, you will notice that the technical skill of the display is virtuostic. Everything goes so fast (because of the fast cutting style and the fast camera movement in the genre) that it's easy to ignore how beautiful the movie really is. The lighting and composition are sometimes spectacular. The camera's work and movement is extremely sophisticated along with very interesting fast paced editing ... In the scenes depicting excitement and intrigue, for example, Hitchcock imagine moving at about twice the speed. Chang Cheh was truly a master craftsman and artist who knew his genre and was able to produce important material while working within the framework. He does not scare the boat from the kung fu genre movie, but in a subtle way, his ability permeates every scene and shot and contributes greatly to the quality of the work. He is an important filmmaker who continues to influence many people. <br /> <br /> This is the right package A kung fu movie that delivers on all levels. It's art, it's garbage, it's emotionally moving, and it's fun, it has a true sense of morality, but doesn't allow morality to get in the way of delivering good action. I recommend it to anyone whether you are a fan of this genre or not.
