When it first came out, this work from the Meysel brothers was highly criticized and even doomed to be exploitation. Fortunately, it is now hailed as a masterpiece of documentary film, especially now that society has been exposed to real exploitation in what is reality television and the poor development of most direct cinema. <br /> <br /> Really, first, we have to say that this is not really a direct cinema, it's more cinema verity. The difference between the two is very small, but it is mainly the fact that in this documentary we are made to feel the presence of the brothers Meysel and they interact with the drawn films. This also makes it clear that it is not exploitation. Meysels has been allowed in the house, and they are included in what is a very eccentric situation for a very eccentric household. And both Edith and Edie just love the idea of ​​being filmed. <br /> <br /> It would have been very disappointing, much only been shown only one voice from God's story and superficial interviews. Here we get a full portrait of the madness of the house, a madness that seems to go well with both Edie and her mother Edith. Their house is a mess, litter and animals everywhere, faded colors and furniture throughout the house, and the constant battles that are constant interactions of reality. These two people have lived with each other throughout their lives and do not fight in front of the camera because they want attention but rather because they cannot help talk to each other in this way. They know each other too well to hide their inner feelings, there is no need for it. Eventually, even if they blame each other for their lives, they truly love each other deeply. Edie says she doesn't want her mother to die because she loves her a lot, and Edith says she doesn't want Edie to leave her because she doesn't want to be alone. <br /> <br /> But the most interesting aspect of the movie is that regardless of their age, the two women cannot be girls. They can't be a singer, the other dancer. Show all their artistic skills in front of their camera. When Edie asks David Meysel's rhetorical "Where have you been all my life?" She is really very happy that she finally gets to show the whole world herself and her wonderful showgirl skills. A beautiful portrait of stylistic significance and a charm that is highly unlikely ever seen again, the way only Meysels and few others could do.
