I watched this movie a few weeks ago and it has been stuck in my head ever since. It stars two spell binding characters in what is unfortunately a mediocre documentary. To get the true story of Beales, I had to go through all of the DVD's bonus materials and comments and search the internet. <br /> <br /> Although Maysles and their fans (not to mention Edith and Edie themselves) brush on the suggestion that this movie is exploitative, it is exploitation in the true sense of the word. Very little effort has all been made to explain Beales or how they came to the state they were in. Maysle's approach seems to be just turning the camera on and waiting for Edith and Edie to say something outrageous. The sound, though Criterion re-release is poor and difficult to follow. Although I appreciate this movie was made early in the history of the documentary, it is ironic to compare it with Geraldo Riveras (!) Far superior series on the sexual abuse of mentally delayed patients at Willowbrook State School in Staten Island from 1972, four years before Gray Gardens got shot. <br /> <br /> To rewrite a review in New Yorker, there were many things Edith and Edie needed in their lives, and a documentary was not one of them. <br /> What concerns Edith and Edie, I kept thinking while watching the movie, "Where the hell is their family"? They lived in dangerous, unhealthy and unsafe conditions. How is it that Jackie O, married to one of the richest men on earth (or the wealthy Bouvier family himself) could not afford to get Edith and Edie a decent home? Or at least rent a part-time housekeeper or caregiver to come in and watch both of them? It is shameful and a lasting disgrace to the entire Bouvier family. Although this review may sound negative, I would highly recommend Gray Gardens to anyone who enjoys documentaries. Maybe someday somebody will come together and make a documentary about this documentary - which enters the rich backstory (and subsequently) of Beales and the whole of the Hamptons community in the 1970s.
