"Cypher" is a cleverly devised story of industrial espionage in America in the not too distant future. Though not thematically complex, this film offers many different perspectives on personal loyalty, recklessness and corporate conspiracy. To a certain extent, this film is also trying to represent modern groups and companies who do not care about the risks their contract staff take on their behalf. <br /> <br /> The movie starts with a slightly mediocre payer, Morgan Sullivan (Jeremy Northam), applying for the Digicorp group to work as an undercover operative. After an initial briefing with Digicor's security chief, Sullivan then gets a new identity (Jack Thursby) and is sent to a business conference tasked with recording posts by various spokesmen on the marketing strategies of each of their respective companies. After completing his first assignment, Sullivan / Thursby is sent on additional missions to obtain the same type of information previously collected. But on one of his "business trips" he accidentally runs to a woman named Rita Foster, (Liu), whom he had met on his previous job, and from there it goes extremely topsy-turvy. The consequences of a diabolical conspiracy involving Digicor's espionage program begin to emerge, and Sullivan is forced to go deep into one of Digicorp's main competitors, thus becoming a double agent involved in intense rivalry between the two companies. <br /> <br /> (SPOILERS END HERE HERE) What I liked most about this movie was the effective use of lighting and shadows in many scenes. Live lighting was used in mainly domestic / household settings, while many shadows and dark colors were used for settings with deception and cover. I was also very impressed with Jeremy Northam. Not too often have I seen him starring, and the fact that he plays a disillusioned married man right out of Wisconsin was brilliant. Personally, I think he is one of the many under-used players in the industry who have not been given more challenging roles. Lucy Liu was also incredible in her part and gave the film its true coat-and-deer tone. In addition, the rest of the sponsor did a great job, but my only complaint was that some characters might have been explored more to make the plot and closure a little more complicated. For example, I would have loved to see what would have happened if Jack Thursby had developed a more intimate relationship with his second "wife". All in all, this is a wisely developed cloak-and-dagger story that keeps you guessing at the end of personal and professional loyalty and whether anyone in the whole movie can trust. With a smart and stylish soundtrack and good camera work, this movie gives a frightening look at how businesses can work in the near future. I am surprised that I had never seen this "hidden gem" before. This is a brilliant, not too complicated spy thriller, and therefore I give it 9 out of 10.
