It's actually a good thing, Sean Connery retired as James Bond, as he probably wouldn't be able to continue in the espionage business today, where fast cars have been replaced by hi-tech brainwashing techniques, and beautiful women are considered to be Be less sexy than advanced computer equipment. "Cypher" is a beautiful inventive Sci-Fi thriller that often evokes frightened and claustrophobic feelings, despite being totally unbelievable. You know the trend in these types of movies: Nothing is what it works and just as you think of the collapsed plot, the authors make a new twist that confuses everyone again. The events in "Cypher" seem to occur in the most prominent regions of the computing world, where large corporations do not really make much difference from trying to steal each other's thunder. Digisoft's company spends millions of brainwashing people and gives them a new identity only to let them infiltrate as spies in their biggest competitor, Sunways Corporation. On the other hand, on the other hand, the sun is constantly trying to mask the Digisoft rats and recruit them again as double spies. Between this whole unprofitable business is Morgan Sullivan; a seemingly colorless thirty-something employee who has been selected by Sebastian Rooks (The Spy) to diddle the secret policies of both companies. Trust me, it's actually less complicated than it sounds and director Vincenzo Natali (the guy from "Tube") takes time to introduce all important and less important characters. The first half of the film is reminiscent of the unfortunately underrated John Frankenheimer gem "Seconds" ?? starring rock hudson ?? as it also deals with deleting identities and drastically changing your past lifestyle. Even the set pieces seem to come straight out of the 60's movie with lots of empty white rooms and spooky corridors that seem to be endless. There are also lots of exciting actions and tensions, especially when Morgan is unclear about how the Digisoft crew inspects the results of their brainwashing practices under boring conventions. The middle part of the film draws a bit, mainly because you already realize that it all just builds on more misleading plot twists, and I was hoping for a slightly more ugly depiction of the not-so-distant future. Jeremy Northam is perfectly thrown, and the sweetie Lucy Liu is convincingly mysterious as a foxy lady who seems to be on his side. Regular Instructor Choices David Hewlett has the most memorable supporting role as the eerily eccentric Suway engineer Virgil C. Dunn. "Cypher" is well made and adrenaline rushing Sci-Fi entertainment, highly recommended for people who fully enjoy using their brain capacity from time to time.
