Cypher is a clever, efficient and scary movie that delivers. Its good premise is well presented and it has delivered the content efficiently, but also in a way that the genre requires. Although you could immediately feel the movie a science fiction, there is a little more to it. It has the obvious science fiction feature, but the film looks more like a noir / detective feel than anything else that really adds to the story. <br /> <br /> The movie overall looks like it's some kind of nightmare; thus building and maintaining a good atmosphere. We are never sure what is happening, we are never sure that certain things actually happen and we are not quite sure of certain people, look like having a dream? the ambiguity prevails over us all ?? Totally included, and I haven't seen this pulled out in such a way before in a movie before, Terry Gilliams Brazil bore. Cykher presents himself with annoyances, mentioned earlier, presenting himself with elements of horror as well as detective, noir, and science fiction, giving a feeling that there is something in there for everyone, and it integrates its elements well. <br /> <br /> There's also a espionage to the movie that helps the detective side of the story. The mystery surrounding almost everyone is the least disruptive, and I find the fact that the character of Rita Foster (Liu), who is supposed to look like a femme fatal, can be considered less a threat to everything else that happens around the hero : People who seem like friends are actually not, people who say they help actually use, and those who seem harmless enough are actually lethal than they seem. In spite of many things changing things around, the plot twists several times and after orders that are crossed in a way to make them seem as if the world will end if they are not executed; The only thing that seems the most dangerous is any romantic connection or connection with Lucy Li's character? and she is trying to help (!) The film maintains the sense of two sides fighting with a spy war, spying and holding one up on its employees and opponents. It all goes out like a kind of mini-cold war; something that looks like the US and the US during their war of the word's booming time, and it really pulls through the black, gloomy, often CGI-filled screen that I was glued on. <br /> <br /> What was also quite interesting and was a nice extra touch was the travel effort shot by some US states made to look like computer microchips as our hero flies to and from his designated destinations ?? Significantly, the more he acts on his and Foster's own motivation, this sequence disappears because he breaks away from the computerized, repeated, controlled life that he is told to live and branch. <br /> <br /> Cyhper is very consistent in content and has all the elements of a good movie. Saying it resembles the first Jason Bourne movie that is only set in the sci-fi genre, it doesn't cut it enough, but you can see the similarities; despite being both released in the same year. As I mentioned earlier, it feels like there's something in this movie for everyone, and if you look past the rather disappointing end that a few people can successfully predict, you'll find yourself enjoying this movie.
