This is a fantastic imaginative low-budget sci-fi movie by Vincenzo Natali, Head of Cultural Affairs. The movie plays like a cross of Phillip K Dick with Hitchcock and Cronenberg, and the movie takes a unique feeling like nothing you would have seen. The movie is amazingly shot, I love cinematography in this, it feels fresh and original. In fact, the film explores similar themes for movies like Total Recall, Dark City and the Matrix and its beautiful stapled sci-fi stuff. Morgan Sullivan (Jeremy Northam) is a suburban sad and has decided to take a job as a company spying on Digicorp, a major technology company. He meets with a recruiting officer at the start, bringing Sullivan on board and instructing him on what to do. It basically involves conferences of rival companies and records them via a satellite transmission device spoiled as a pen. It also means that he must go to another persona and keep it secret from his wife. After his first job, things get strange, his habits change, his personality begins to deviate, and he suffers pain in the neck and headaches and nightmares. He meets a beautiful woman named Rita Foster (played by an exciting cast Lucy Liu.) He takes an instant attraction. But when he goes into his next job and sees her again, she reveals herself to be an agent of some sort that reveals that his job is not quite what it seems. He finds out that he and the rest of the people attending the conference are working for Digicorp. The conferences are all covering to allow the men to brainwash their spies. Sullivan, whose alternate name is Jack Thursby, has been given an antidote to Digicorp's drying, and while the rest of the spies at the latest conference slid into what seems like a brain-death dream while the speakers dream on (the speakers send all the companions to sleep via subliminal messages.) Suddenly, the weather lights turn off, and Digicorp workers shine in all the eyes of the residents to make sure they are not conscious, and in a rather nightmare situation, they bring headlines to each member sending messages in the brain and brainwashing outcomes believe that they are another. Digicorp uses these people to emerge and create personalities and live for these people as they dry their own existence. Sullivan must now pretend to believe he is now Jack Thursby. Digicorp will steal information from their competitors Samways, and they will have their own puppets to do so, they now effectively control what these spies do, except Sullivan. When Samways tackles Sullivan and discovers that he has not been brainwashed, he decides to use him as a farmer to spy on Digicorp, make Sullivan a double agent. They know that Digicorp has sent Thursby to them to work their way into Samways and work their way up the system until he can get into a situation to download important business information that could shut down the company. Samways realizes he was planted and decided to play with Digicorp and allow Thursby to infiltrate their databases, but they will give Digicorp a risky disk that will destroy their system. The ground starts to twist and turn as both companies use Sullivan as a farmer. He is stuck in the middle and Rita Foster is a mystery as he tries to find out why she is helping him. When a mysterious third party becomes involved, the person reveals that Foster is working, Sullivan must decide whether to approach this freelance agent who could guarantee him a new life and security or stick to one of the companies he works for . The excitement all builds on a stoning climate, as it seems that almost everyone wants to sell him when his utility has expired. The throw is huge. Northam is amazing and the subtlety of his performance is excellent. He brings a great visual aspect to his performance, his eyes tell a story, and we see a great subtle change when his character changes from Sullivan to Thursby. Lucy Liu is just sexy outside the belief, and her presence gives a great dynamic to the movie because it seems odd, but works because of that fact. The rest of the casting is also good. <br /> <br /> Director Natali, whose former movie was the cool classic sci-fi girl cube, has a real visual flair. He also goes well with the film and has given it a good look. For a low budget film, it has some imaginative visual effects, and although the CGI is not large, it never begins too much of a center piece to adversely affect the film. The movie really brings feelings of The Matrix and other amazing sci-fi movies it is up there with them. The reason is almost caused at times, but truly helping in a movie like this is where Cronenberg and Lynch influence are evident. The film has you constantly preparing what is going on and really surprises as it goes together. This is generally an obvious cult classic, and I can see that this is incredibly popular when it is released in the states. **** 1/2 <br /> <br />
