Was this based on a comic book? A video game? A drawing of a 3 year old? <br /> <br /> There is nothing in this movie to be taken seriously at all; not the characters, not the dialogue, not the plot, not the action. Nothing. We have high-tech international terrorists / criminals who bicker as preschool children, Stallone's resilience to ice-cold weather against ice-cold weather, dialogue so stupid that sometimes it is almost fun and so on. Even the code name that the evil boys use is stupid ("tango tango"). A movie that entertains you through some excitement, good action sequences and a nice snowy mountainous setting. Oh yes, and the unintentional humor. The movie opens with some really bad and convincing gay stories between our happy and happy characters who, of course, have a "bulging" time. Then comes a sweat-inducing unsuccessful rescue part that must make everyone fearful of heights problems will pull their hair out. And then we have some more bad dialogues, and then some more good actions. This is the rhythm of the movie in a nutshell. <br /> <br /> Stallon's melodramatic exchange with Turner, when they meet after a long time, is so soap-shaped, so clichy, so fake and so bad that it should force a chuckle out of any self-respecting viewer. Shortly after this screen of horrible dialogue writing, we are witnessing a spectacular and excellent shot hijacking of an aircraft. The whole act is a great absurdity, but it's fun fun when it's best. Although the rest of the action is exciting and fun, the plane's scenes are really the highlight of the movie. After the landing, our criminals seek guidance and end up with Stallone and Rooker. They send Stallone to retrieve the first case of money, but somehow they do everything to make it so difficult for him to reach it; they take most of his clothes (so he can freeze) and they will not give him the equipment he needs (so he can fall off). DO THERE WALTER'S WISHING YOUR MONEY OR NOT ??? Very stupid. Apparently they do not trust Stallone, but they probably know that they can always blackmail him by using Rooker as hostages. Nevertheless, our gangsters make Stallone's climb difficult if, for no logical reason, it at least shows us how true they are - so as not to be in doubt. And for those who may still doubt how evil the wicked are, they overdo, brag and sneak in a really evil way. All convinced? Well. You'd rather be. Otherwise, the authors will throw a mass execution of twenty schoolchildren just to make sure that the evils of the wicked are crystal clear to all. The old guy flying the helicopter ... How the hell did he fall to the trap? First, he must have been warned by the MTV about the criminals, and secondly, he must have heard Stallone's and Rooker's voices on walkie-talkies. A whole lot of idiotic verbal exchanges take place, where Lithgow has the dubious honor of getting most of the stupid lines. "Leave me alone!" Lithgow: "I haven't even started climbing on your back." Or, Lithgow to Stallone: ​​"We had an appointment, but now we only have one another!" And as for Lithgow's killer gang: these guys never seem to be killing right away. They are very creative about it; They philosophize, pretend to play football with your body and so on. <br /> <br /> Stallone co-wrote this thing. I have no idea what drugs he was wearing when he did. I would hate to think that the script is so bad because of a low I.Q.
