After the unexpected accident that killed an inexperienced climber (Michelle Joyner). Eight months have passed ... The Rocky Mountain Rescue is receiving an emergency call by a brilliant terrorist mastermind Eric Quaien (John Lithgow). Quai has lost three major cases that have millions of dollars in. Two experienced climbers Walker (Sylvester Stallone) and Tucker (Micheal Rooker) and a helicopter pilot (Janine Turner) are on the alert, but they are set off by a trap by Quaien and his men. Now the two climbers and the pilot are forced to play a deadly game of hide and seek. While Quaien is trying to find the millions of dollars, he kidnapped Tucker to find the money. When Tucker finds the money, Tucker will be dead. Against explosive firepower, bitterly cold and dizzying heights. Walker must overcome Quaien to survive. Directed by Renny Harlin (Driven, Mindhunters, A nightmare on Elm Street 4: The Dream Master) made an entertaining non-stop action picture. This film is a spectacular, exciting, visually exciting action picture with lots of dark humor too. This was one of the biggest hits in 1993. This is one of Harlin's best movies. Lithgow is a wonderful entertaining villain. Stallone certainly made a brief return of this sharp thriller. This is probably Harlin's best work as the film maker. <br /> <br /> DVD has a sharp anamorphic widescreen (2.35: 1) transfer and a fantastic Dolby Digital 5.1 Surround Sound. DVD has an ongoing commentary track by the director with comments from Stallone. Dvd also has the technical crew comment as well. DVD has behind the scenes featurette, two deleted scenes with introduction by the director and more. Don't miss this amazing action movie. Manuscript by Micheal France (Fantastic Four) and actor: Stallone (The Rocky Series). Based on the assumption of John Long. Excellent filmography by Alex Thomson, B.S.C. (Alien³, Demolition Man, Legend). Oscar nominated for best sound, best sound editing and best visual effects. Panavision. (**** / *****).
