Watching Cliffhanger makes me nostalgic in the early 90s, a time when virtually every new action movie could be described as "Die Hard in a / on a." Cliffhanger is "Die Hard on a Mountain" and quite good for what it is. <br /> <br /> But unlike Passenger 57 and Under Siege, who are decent Die Hard clones on their own terms, Cliffhanger disposes of closed action movies and embraces breathtaking landscapes that endlessly threaten to overwhelm and trivialize the conflicts of the people who fight and die among the peaks. Years before other films such as A Simple Plan and Fargo dramatized crime and murder of snowbound sites, Cliffhanger director Renny Harlin recognized the visual impact of coinciding brutal violence and gloomy struggles to survive against cold and indifferent natural environments. <br /> <br /> The opening order has already received great praise, All it deserves: its intensity allows us to forget the artwork of the camera and the actors and simply believe that what we see has actually happened. Not even Harlin's shot of the falling stuffed animal, which is highly effective but still threatening to become too much of a joke (and which he repeated in Deep Blue Sea), or the ridiculous expression of Ralph Waite's face, can dampen the sequence power. <br /> <br /> The next impressive set piece is firearm and hoisted on the jet. As written by Stallone and Michael France and directed by Harlin, the audience is thrown into action by not knowing which agents are involved in theft and who are not: the bloody double crosses are completely unexpected. As Roger Ebert has observed, the stuntman who made the mid-flight between the aircraft deserves some recognition. <br /> <br /> Later, during the avalanche sequence, one of the terrorists seems to fall as the snowdrop leads him down the mountain. As far as I know, no one was killed in connection with this movie (a small miracle considering some of the stunt's extreme character), so apparently a dummy was used for the shot. But the shot itself remains impressive because we even wonder how Harlin (or more likely one of the other unit directors) knew exactly where to place the camera. <br /> <br /> I take Sly Stallone as my action hero any day of the week because he is one of the few movie stars I've ever seen that is quite convincing as a person who can withstand a lot of physical and emotional pain, while feeling the pain. Gabe Walker's role really complements Stallone's impact strengths: he plays an older, more vulnerable kind of action hero that gives an impressive low key performance as a rock climber to solve himself. <br /> <br /> Unlike many of today's post-matrix, cartoon-inspired action heroes, Stallone's walker is a common man who becomes one without any paranormal or computer-enhanced capabilities. In Cliffhanger, the hero almost freezes to death, and his clothes begin to show great tears as he hardly escapes a dangerous situation after another. He wins when he is hit and bleeds when he is cut, especially in the cave order when taking a Rocky-style pummeling from one of the crazy villains. It should be noted that the utterly despicable villains really contribute to the film's effectiveness: when I first saw this movie as a teenager, I am rowing for the good guys every step of the way and predicting when another bad guy would bite the dust (or rather the ice) ; at one point I actually cheered when one of the most cold-blooded characters in the movie deserved a violent death. <br /> <br /> Lithow's British accent is as unconvincing as the movie's occasional model or model helicopter, but he is basically a good actor and one of the few who can perfectly recite stupid dialogue: In a scene he looks at his hostages Stallone and Rooker, and trying to decide which tasks to give them, he actually says "You, stay! You, download!" Even a better actor, like Anthony Hopkins, may have had trouble with that line. Although Cliffhanger occasionally throws credibility aside, it only makes for a more entertaining show. For example, in the film, Lithgow says openly to one of his men, "Retire [Stallone], when he comes down." No real criminal mastermind would have made this mistake even unconscious: his carelessness allows Rooker to shout a warning to Sly on the rock face, and this clarifies a gripping snow war between Stallone and the evil ones trying to pull him down the rope bound. to his legs. Lithgow could have given his order with more subtle means, but the sequence could not have been so fun to see if it hadn't allowed Rooker to openly challenge his prisoner's arrogance. Performed a lot in the style of a Saturday matinee series or (at times) a western, Cliffhanger is built on such a solid foundation that it survives some weak elements that would have undermined a smaller film. In addition to the painfully obvious aircraft models mentioned earlier, the weak moments include a couple of scenes shot at cheap indoor sets of REAL false snow as well as two other scenes involving bats and wolves that seem unnecessary in an already action-packed story. Finally, Harlin's decision to film some of the death scene in slow motion seems meaningless, as the technique does not contribute to the scenes. It's a shame that Stallone is now too old for action movies because his character in this movie seems so credible that I inevitably wonder what he would be like years later. But perhaps it is best that Cliffhanger stands for its own at all times, without a successor: there are already tired and outdated film franchises already. There was an unofficial sequel who called himself Vertical Limit: Compared to this clinker, Cliffhanger belongs to the IMDb's Top 250 list. <br /> <br /> Rating: 8 (Very good, especially considering most of Stallone's other movies.)
