French horror cinema has experienced some of the revival in the last couple of years with great films such as Inside and Switchblade Romance that burst on stage. Maléfique preceded the revival a bit, but stands head and shoulders above most modern horror titles and is certainly one of the best French horror movies ever made! Maléfique was obviously shot on a low budget, but this is made in far more ways than one of the film's originality, and this is complemented in turn by the excellent writing and action that ensures that the movie is a winner. The foundation focuses on two main ideas; prison and black magic. The central character is a man named Carrère, sent to prison for fraud. He is in a cell with three others; the silent, crazy Lassalle, bodybuilding transvestite Marcus and his beloved girlfriend Daisy. After a short while in the cell they stumble upon a hiding place in the wall containing an old journal. After translating a part of it, they quickly realize their magical powers and realize that they may be able to use it to break through the prison walls. <br /> <br /> Black Magic is a very interesting subject and I am actually quite surprised that there are no more films based on it, as there is so much room for things to do with it. It is fair to say that Maléfique does the best of its assets, although it is limitations, the film does not actually feel maintained and manages to flow well. Director Eric Valette gives a great mood for the movie; the fact that most things happen inside the central prison cell ensures that the film feels very claustrophobic, and it gives it immense advantage to the central idea of ​​the prisoners who want to use magic to break out of the cell - it's very easy to get behind them! It is often said that the unknown is what really scares people, and this film shows that as the director ensures that we can never be sure of what is around the corner and it helps to secure that Maléfique is actually quite frightening! The film is memorable for many reasons outside the central plot; The characters are all very interesting in their own way, and the fact that the book itself almost takes its own character is very well done. Anyone who is worried that the movie will not deliver at the end will not be disappointed either, as the end makes sense and is quite scary! All in all, Maléfique is a really great horror movie and one of the best in the decade - highly recommended view!
