If you are one of those who are happy to recognize such track titles as 'Book of the Dead', 'Book of Eibon' or 'Necronomicon' then feel at home with Malefique, a film that also includes an occult tome, one with the power to change the fate of everyone involved. Discovered by four French prisoners sharing a cell, the terrible object has been placed in the wall by Danvers, a serial killer who was imprisoned back in the 1920s. a man possessed rejuvenation and the black art before he suddenly disappeared. Finders of the book are Carrère (Gérald Laroche), a business player traded by his wife, Lassalle (Philippe Laudenbach), who strives to be a woman, but at the same time builds bodybuildings to perform a flight plan, half Pâquerette (Dimitri Rataud) there once his baby sister ate, and "the librarian Marcus (Clovis Cornillac), apparently killed by reading who murdered his wife. Reminded of the peer of the meat law's just bizarre, compassionate man in Fight Club (1999), Lassalle begins as the dominant member of the quartet, one who is especially protected by the childish Pâquerette. But with the forthcoming book and the overall need to decipher its dangerous content, Marcus assumes greater importance. At first insurance for an early bail, Carrère, meanwhile, takes a little more than academic interest in events. Suddenly, he also needs an urgent escape opportunity, and as a prison attempt, Danvers' book begins to reveal some of his scary powers ... <br /> <br /> Staged mostly within a prison cell and between four or five characters, Malefique has a claustrophobic air that is perfectly suited to its subject (as well as the limited budget of the film). First and foremost, at the end, we will leave the boundaries of the cells, a necessary opening that only serves to emphasize the condemned, closed nature of procedures elsewhere. More than anything, this is a movie about being caught, either as a victim of your criminal past or of occult events that are now unfolding. "I'm going to escape," says Carrère at the beginning of the movie and wants more than anything to be able to recreate his wife and son. Whether he does, it will be a terrible price, and the big irony of the movie is that the ultimate form of "escape" may not be one you might imagine. <br /> <br /> With all its budget constraints, it is very much for first-time director Eric Vallette's credit that his films succeed as best they can. As critics have noted, it is a film with strong freudian overtones - Lassalle's distinctive breast families and adult nursing for example; the image of a vagina that comes to life and develops an eye; the adult man who dissolves back into a fetal Danvers' original placental fetish; the dark cell as a primitive uterus from which "delivery" is awaited, etc. With so many interesting aspects to the manuscript, Vallette hardly puts a foot wrong, and he manages to create a truly disturbing atmosphere out of what when you come down to it is just about four guys, four bunks, a folding table and a book. There is a real, growing, Lovecraftian frisson, as the men sum up the imperceptible darkness of their sides, while one or two moments - the aforementioned flashing vagina, or what ultimately happens to Pâquerette - are incredibly unforgettable. The pacing of many of the dark events in Malefique is deliberate, and rejects the rapid cut of many Hollywood productions: a video-culture approach that often undermines the awful glance in favor of quick reaction and doings. Perhaps this is a particular European way, as one resembles a similar, measured approach to shocking hallucinations taken in such films as Verhoeven's The Fourth Man (1983) - a film that also shares a particularly unpleasant picture based on a prolapsed eye . /> <br /> Linsed well in 1.85: 1, Malefique benefits excellent performance, and if at least for this viewer the conclusion was not as explanatory as it might have been, the journey to the final shot was worth taking. It's another reason to be grateful that good horror movies are once again coming from the French industry, after a time when it seemed to have come out after the correspondingly well-received Haute Spension (aka: Switchblade Romance, 2003) is published. the only worthy item came from Asia
