Good horror movies from France are pretty rare and it's pretty easy to see why! When a talented young movie film releases an enchanting new movie, he emigrates to glorious Hollywood immediately after directing the great budgeted remake of another great movie classic! How can France possibly build a solid horror reputation when their wonderful directors leave the country for just a movie? "Haute Spension" was a great movie, and it gave director Alexandre Aja a (one-way?) Ticket to the states to recreate "The Hills Have Eyes" (which he did terribly, I can add). Eric Valette's long feature debut "Maléfique" was also a very promising and engaging horror image, and he is already out in Hollywood to remake the Takashi Miike's ghost story hit "One Missed Call". So there you have, two very gifted French who are unlikely to make more movies in their homeland some time soon. "Maléfique" is a simple but effective cooler that requires a little patience because of its slow start, but when the plot is properly developed, it gives great atmospheric excitement and a handful of wonderful special effects. The film takes place almost exclusively in one place and introduces only four characters. We are in a ramshackle French prison cell with four residents. The new arrival is a businessman who is doomed to make time for fraud, the elderly and the "clever" imprisoned sadistically killed his wife, and then there is a crazy transvestite and a mentally handicapped boy to complete the odd foursome. They find an old journal inside their cell wall that belongs to a sick murderer in the 1920s, who specialized in black magic rites and supernatural ways of escape. The four inmates begin to prepare their own fleeting plan using bizarre formulas in the book, only to realize the occult is something you should not row with? Eric Valette dedicates the oceans of times to the drawing characters of the four main characters who occasionally result in superfluous and boring sub-areas, but his reasons for it all become apparent in the cruel climax when the book suddenly turns out to be a kind of Wishmaster apparatus. "Maléfique" is a dark film with load loads of claustrophobic tension and more twisted details of human behavior. See it before some wealthy American manufacturing companies decide to re-incorporate it with four beautiful teenage actors in the compelling roles of hardcore criminals.
