Maléfique is a very interesting film. It is an unfortunate alloy of triumphs and failures. The key concept is great, three inmates with bizarre personalities are associated with a fourth (which the audience identifies with) and they are trying to escape from their cell using a magic book that they find within the cell walls. <br /> <br /> The atmosphere is well-woven, reminding me to read about Edmond Dante's prison residence in Château d'If (before becoming the tomb of Monte Cristo). The director creates the feeling that the characters are tied to the cell, especially the sign we need to identify with (Carrère - a white-collar criminal whose crime is not listed, but it is unfortunately suggested that it can be fraud). On one occasion, Carrère directs when he leaves the cell for exercise and has the cell door closed on him; we never leave the cell, claustrophobia is unbroken. There are also no shots from the prison outside the cell, and the view through the bars is a longing sunset over a generic prison wall. So even though the movie seems to be very modern, it has a very old world of imprisonment. <br /> <br /> The characters are exciting. We have Marcus, a fierce pre-op transsexual who plays a battered mother of Pâquerette (French to Daisy) a heavily delayed young man. Pâquerette likes to eat everything he finds beautiful, and unfortunately, it was also his baby sister, hence his current situation (I like this comment on internalization, very primitive). Lasalle is a retired, obsessed elderly man to brutally murder his wife. <br /> <br /> The key message of the movie is that your desires will wipe you out and there is a ritual that goes with it. I think that is what disturbs me the most, as people destroy themselves ritually. It has a real life call to it. The rather simple soundtrack backs it up well, each step deeper into quicksand accompanied by a dull ring of a gong. I actually hear gong now every time I do something self-destructive. <br /> <br /> I think one of the plot problems is that the character's ends don't amplify the message constantly, especially with Carrère, the book's concept also seems to change throughout the film, even in the form of a subsequent revelation. I also think some of the pictures we see are a bit amateurish, more of design than execution, like the famous "vaginal" and Lasalle sodomy, for me, completely hollow pictures. <br /> <br /> In the end, the movie, as it feels like the director, is in a hurry to get it over, and some things don't seem logical. For example, we have been clumsy to believe in various things about Carreres child. This does not change the fact, although what we have here is the rare bird, a "pure" horror movie. There is no comedian dross or genre segueing, as the Cube (1997 / Natali), the obvious movie to compare it with, is a total immersion experience where you feel as though you are in the cell with the characters. This last comment I think it is a "pure" experience I think is something others have mentioned so well, it is a pretty unanimous thing. <br /> <br /> On a personal note, my favorite part of the movie is when Lasalle talks about her past as a librarian. He describes very vividly a scene where he goes to work one day and sits down in his usual place in the middle of a room where all the books are arranged in a circle around him. The books seem to be chanting to him that he will never contain their knowledge. This asks Lasalle to go crazy. It really is the problem of obsession with understanding and knowledge. It's something I've felt myself. One final comment is that two of the very well received comments on the board have confused the names of the characters. To convince yourself that Lasalle is the older librarianship, just click on Philippe Laudenbach's side and you will see that he was born in 1936.
