This film focuses on four criminals, locked away in a prison wishing to escape from their cell, and hopes that a mysterious black magic book, written by a former inmate around 1920, was called Danvers who wanted to use magic to hold his skin young. Carrère's (Gérald Laroche) criminal business tactics (shortcuts) have landed him in prison with three oddball cellmates .. a transsexual brutal Marcus (Clovis Cornillac), Marcus' boyfriend-toy Pâquerette (Dimitri Rataud) who eats items he touches (.. and is in prison to eat his six-month-old sister) and obeys his claim as if he were his mother and scholar Lassalle (Philippe Laudenbach) who did not read or eat breakfast (the latter is that he murdered his wife during that time of day). The film follows Carrère, whom he reads from the book, trying to understand it's supposed to hope to find an exit from his prison. Carrère loves her child, and for a while his wife thinks he's getting him out early on bail. When she betrays him, Carrère slowly begins to look with hatred and longs to see and keep her beloved son. Carrer's toughest critic is Marcus, who longs to be fully female while still folding to several masculine traits, such as the Training and lying. He speaks hard and uses his muscle as a kind of anxiety tactic, though deep inside is a world of vulnerability. Pâquerette is completely under Marcus' control and behaves like a dog to his master .. it is even an alarming scene where Pâquerette is breastfeeding from Marcus! Lassalle is an unraveling mystery, opening for us to slowly understand his backgrounds and what lies within his possibly scary brain. It is clearly intellectual, and there are possible secrets from the others, Lassalle is actually the one who keeps the motivation to pursue the secrets of the book. Soon, those who do not threaten the book seek their "true" escape, not so much from the cell of four walls, but the cell that imprisons their true desires. After a certain murder, the book is thrown from the room with a very fascinating character into the movie with a video camera, as if he were a new resident. Who is this person and how does he understand the power of a book throws away and better yet how to use it? A constant in this movie is each of the prisoners who are often seen all the time and see their window out into the world just out of reach. I'm glad I had a chance to watch this movie. It sounds like "Monkey's Paw", the characters get what they want, but a price must be met. There are gore in the film, exciting moments of graphic violence, but in my opinion it is primarily a story-driven story. Gore is a product of what the book releases. One of the groups gets their limbs twisted while they are suspended in the air, while a grinning opening act shows the bloodbath of a man's desire. We see Danver's fate at the end, with a magnificent special effects sequence for infant melting away. Lassalle's fate is a masterful effect sequence. I would say that Maléfique has always kept an eye on Eric Valette's direction, and to be such an isolated film (about 95% of the film takes place in a unique location, the prison cell) it never seems. I think it is a testament to interesting actors and fascinating characterizations, not to mention a compelling story using the supernatural to drive them.
