"Maléfique" is an example of how a horror movie can be effective with nothing more than a well-executed plot and a lot of heart. Its cast has no recognized names; it doesn't have a big budget and it certainly lacks the visual effects aspect; but it compensates everything with an intelligent and well-written script, an effective cast and the vision of an instructor focused more on telling the story than delivering cheap tensions. Eric Valette may not be a well-known name yet, but with "Maléfique", his feature length debut, he proves that he is on par with contemporaries such as Jeunet, Gans or Aja. <br /> <br /> The movie is the story of four prisoners in a cell, four different men with very different backgrounds but with a single goal: to get out. Carrère (Gérald Laroche) is imprisoned after being declared guilty of several millionaire fraud; his cellmates, the violent Marcus (Clovis Cornillac), the intellectual Lassalle (Philippe Laudenbach) and the mentally challenged Pâquerette (Dimitri Rataud) are all convicted of murder and give Carrère a cold welcome. Their personalities will collide when Carrère discovers an old book describing how a former prisoner escaped using black magic. <br /> <br /> Written by Alexandre Charlo and Franck Magnier, "Maléfique" is a wonderful blend of dark imagination and horror in a way much reminiscent of Clive Barker's stories. The film's strongest point is the way in which the building is built, they all have very complex and different personalities, and much excitement and excitement comes from their constant clash of personalities. History's supernatural element is very well managed and generally gives the film the feeling of reading a Gothic novel. Despite being a movie of four men locked in a room, the film never gets boring or tiring, and in fact, the group's isolation increases the feeling of mistrust, claustrophobia and especially paranoia. <br /> <br /> Director Eric Valette makes a great deal of use of the atmosphere, the mood and his throw to give life to the plot. Despite the obvious lack of budget, he has made a brilliant film that feels original, fresh and very attractive. His subtle and effective camera work helps to make the movie dynamics in spite of the individual location, and the slow pace the movie unfolds is great for creating the heavy atmosphere of isolation and distrust that the movie bases its plot. The very few displays of special effects are very well done and Valette deals quantity for quality in the few, but amazing scenes of gore. The characters are what makes this movie work, and the cast certainly deserves some of the credit. Gérald Laroche is excellent as Carrère, a man at first glance innocent, but who hides a dark past. Philippe Laudenbach and Dimitri Rataud are also very effective, especially Rataud in his very demanding role. But is Clovis Cornillac, who steals the show with his performance as Marcus, a fierce and disturbed man who will only be deep inside himself. The characters are excellently developed and the cast makes the most of them. <br /> <br /> The movie is great, but it's not without its part of error. Of course, the most notorious is its low budget. Some of the CGI effects are a bit poor compared to the effective make-up and prostheses used in other scenes, but it's never bad for it. Probably the bad thing about "Maléfique" is that it seems to lose some steam at the end when it focuses on the supernatural black magic rather than in the characters, not too much of a bad thing, but the ending may seem weak from it point of view. <br /> <br /> Anyway, "Maléfique" is another of the great horror movies coming out of France lately, and one that deserves more recognition. Valette is definitely a talent to follow, as this modest (albeit complex) tale of the supernatural is evidence of his abilities. Personally, this movie is a new favorite. 8.10
