Halley's influence in Adrienne Shelly's "I take you there" is not obvious, but clearly tied to his work (Shelly has acted in two of Hartley's films). Not only does her movie show a very tight story, but the hyper-stylized and extreme characters make unusual human feelings in a very real light. Although this film is not ironic on the whole (thank goodness), the small and subtle irons that pepper piece draw to the bitter truths of love and loss. With beautiful films and a soundtrack from the seventies, "I want to see you there" is a great indie film that does not bow to postmodern irony when dealing with the misery of love and the reality of human emotions. <Br /> <br /> The movie begins with Bill's life falling apart. Not only has he sold his best friend Ray a beautiful country house, but his wife Rose has left him to stay with Ray in retreat. All washed up, Bill Wallows in his own gloom and Doom, until his sister Lucy (played by director Adrienne Shelly) brings him all sorts of surprises: a self-help book and a "date" for his traumatized brother. <br /> <br /> The unwilling Bill tries to reject, but Bernice's sudden appearance at his door leaves him no choice. No doubt Bernice's initially superficial behavior and ridiculous hairstyle detract from his ability to "regain" with her. But her pseudo-hippie qualities irritate him so much that he whips on her on their first date. And Bernice is so traumatized by her derogatory remarks that she leans on him and forces herself on him. At what end are we not aware ... except perhaps the fact that she is psycho. (And who better to play psycho than Ally Sheedy?) <br /> <br /> Be aware that Bill desperately wants to see Rose, Bernice offers his car, but assuming he takes her somewhere first. Along the way, she continues to hold Bill Catch with her own gun (a Pinkerton Detective, no less). An imbroglio of anxiety, anger, redemption, passion and violence emerges as Bill and Bernice find their way to Ray and Rose's home ... of course with a few stops along the way.
