I was not born until 4 years after this wonderful show first aired but luckily I managed to catch reruns in the mid 90s and the rest is history ...... I was hooked. The principle was quite simple; two hardened Nemesis agents, Richard Barrett and Craig Stirling (William Gaunt and Stuart Damon) partner with an expert (if not young) doctor and biologist (Sharron Macready) to lead the bamboo curtain to retrieve a dangerous biological agent used by red china. As they make their escape, their aircraft are hit by machine gun fire and they crash into the heart of the Himalayas, where their lives are rescued by a mysterious and previously undiscovered civilization that heals and enhances the senses of the trio, thereby setting the stage for many exciting adventures. .. The series lasted for 30 hours of episodes, and I assume it was its relatively short lifetime, a seasonal run that set it up for cult status. <br /> <Producer Monty Berman was notorious for making things as cheap as possible, and sometimes the show suffers with incredibly sticky sets - especially in episodes such as "Happening" (a study of Australian outback) and "snow "Set with" Operation Deep Freeze "and" The Beginning ", but if you can get past this and focus on the characters and story lines, the show was really fun. It had a fantastic mix of adventures and lots of deadpan humor (primarily from some amazing William Gaunt liners). The chemistry from the three drivers was amazing - you get the sense that they were really having fun doing the show, and this is widespread in the 2005 reunification document where the three are reunited after over 35 years to remind the show (and laugh at Anthony Nicholl's horrible wig !!). They all shared the same screen time and everyone had their moments shining. I must say I was always a Richard Barrett fan - I loved his Sardinian humor along with the dangerous edge - he was definitely a man you didn't cross and those eyes ........ the bluest eyes you'd probably have watch tv. I've also followed Bill Gaunt's career with interest since. However, Craig Stirling would certainly have had his legion of female fans, and I'm sure Alexandra Bastedo had a whole queue of male fans who swam over her too. The show also had an abundance of guest stars to lure with Donald Sutherland, Jeremy Brett, Peter Wyngarde, Burt Kwouk, Anton Rodgers, Kate O'Mara, Jenny Linden, Paul Eddington and Colin Blakely. <br /> <br /> Notable incidents for me were: "Auto Kill", "The Interrogation", "The Fanatics", "The Mission" and "The Gilded Cage", but I'm sure everyone has theirs personal favorites. <br /> <br /> If you get the chance to see this show for the first time or to see it again after many years, remember to see it in the context of the time it was made and just sit back and enjoy - The characters and chemistry of the three leads is what made this wonderful show for me and I don't think I will ever tire of it. <br /> <br /> Enjoy!
