Aside from a few titles and the new Sherlock Holmes movie, I think I've seen every movie Guy Ritchie fix. Twice. Needless to say, I'm a big fan and revolver is one of the highlighted reasons why. This movie is a very different approach from Ritchie when you look at it relatively with Lock, Stock ... and Snatch. Revolver sets us up for a psychological thriller of a kind like a gambling console who finds himself compassionate by a set of enemies he hadn't expected and a guided redemption trip he didn't know he needed. Along with seeing André Benjamin of OutKast's fame prop up his ability, other standout actions are Ray Liotta's maniacal Mr. D / Macha and Mark Strong play Sort, hit man. After being sent to jail by a tyrannical casino owner, Macha, Jake uses his time in solitude to finesse a plot to humiliate Macha and force his hand to compensate him for the seven years he spent. When he wins a card game and collects a decent sum from Macha, Jake finds himself on the verge of death as he collapses and is diagnosed with an incurable disease that leaves him with three days to live. However, a team of loan sharks has an answer for him and a ticket to life - only if he gives them all the money he has and relays to work for them, all to take Macha down and show Jake how dangerous he has done to themselves. Along with having the air of dead tissue and a few loan sharks having a field day with his money, Jake must also deal with getting a blow on him who introduces the Sorter - a hit man during Macha's appointment. The depth of the story comes when Jake realizes that some innate he spends time together in lonely, may well be that the loan shepherd must take him to everything he has by making all the unfortunate events that Jake seems to find his way in. When Zack (Vincent Pastore) and Avi exhibit Jake, he is just as twisted that he has become lonely, having only his heart and his ego, so it seems that their actual existence is unclear to Jake himself. The film unravels for a humiliating process for both Jake and Macha, as they both come in hand with their inner demons. <br /> <br /> The movie's style is first-class as you get the huge sense of the crime world represented and the characters it contains. While a lot of nodding on Ritchie's earlier films is here, it still has its own presence from the dialogue, sets and experimental gangster genre. It is also a good ride on humility and recognizing when you can easily let your ego or a preset concept mask your ability to achieve what you want or overcome what you need. The characters are well-crafted in this movie, where all pages are ruffled, and truly to Ritchie fashion, they are all bound by some underhandedness that throws a wrench into everyone's affair. I could and would like to continue with this movie and its unique nuances, but I won't take too much away from it if you haven't seen it yet. <br /> <br /> It can take a few meetings to get through all the intricate layers, but it's a great movie and it has to be seen. If you're lucky and you haven't seen the emigrated US release, see if you can get the original British version as it will make it a good discussion among friends as you try to puzzle your tag. I saw it with my crew around the beginning of 2006, and we are still talking about it with small things we have picked up today. It has got its cult status, and it is well deserved as the movie where Ritchie stepped out of the box and broke her norm a little. <br /> <br /> Standout Line: "Fear or reverence, but please, I think I am special. We share an addiction. We are approval junkies."
