I recommend families, if possible, to show only to older children. Some of the things in this movie may disturb the little ones to handle. Now it's out of the way, let me explain about this movie. This is actually a documentary about a male fox that initially protects its territory and seeks a mate. The beginning with the beautiful sunrise and music score is breath taking. You better suck as much of nature as possible, it will get ugly later. They gave both fox and vixen names, but I can't remember what they are for them like me. He fights this invading man to win his love. They later create a cave and the vixen gives birth to four adorable kids, one of whom is blind. There are many happy and playful moments with the fox family, but tragedy and mishaps are going too early. The first victim is the blind puppy that comes too close to a high tide and is washed away. The second victim is the mother who, while stealing chickens, is being deceived by a dead chicken hanging on a pole. She undoubtedly goes into a trap. As she tries to escape, she beats part of her foot and makes her bleed to death. The rest of the fox family is forced to see her die under a tree. man is now a single father who is forced to take the role of mother and father. He alone has to teach them the skills they need for life. It turns out later that it is not enough when two of the now grown animals meet a nasty fate of their own; thanks to man's carelessness and cruelty. I don't want to spoil the surprising end for you, but it shows the farmer and his dogs close to the tail. And it is a well-deserved end to what the audience and the fox family were through. I would say I saw this when it first came out in the early 1980s when we had a thing called Showbiz cable. I was only 4 when I saw it, but I could never understand why they wouldn't let me see it all. Now I know why after I secretly saw it at Disney when I was 9. I felt emotionally cleansed after seeing all this evil going on. I was moved to tears. But as dark and ugly as it was, it serves a purpose. To let people know what these and other kinds of animals are and why they are threatened. This documentary wanted to get the message across on this endangered species and I hoped it worked. It's not fake like the true Disney life movies, they don't learn why the animals are going to die out. Interventions of land, killing off of the fox's head prey and meaningless killing of these beautiful animals, have resulted in them being threatened. I wish they would continue with this movie (Glacier Fox 2005) to see if they are being treated better. Maybe it's a vixen puppet called Teresa and her siblings who grow up. This film also reflects what happens to human families sometimes, especially when one parent suddenly dies. The surviving parent takes the role of both and tries to teach important lessons in life. It is not always enough to protect them when they are adults, especially when some of their lives are destroyed. Or they become victims of tragedy themselves. Best about soundtracks and musical scores I've ever heard.
