OK ... this movie so far has been slated by critics and board posters alike (even if you play the devil's lawyer, you might suggest that critics are often people who didn't make it to themselves as filmmakers, and on board posters are often people who didn't do it for themselves as critics), so I wanted to sit in Guy's corner with the magic sponge maybe to reach maybe a few of the people who decided not to watch the movie based on how everyone seems to see down their collective nose of approval on it. <br /> <br /> The movie's biggest mistake in earning broad support is how unexpected the complex is. This has been described many times as making the movie "inaccessible" to the viewer. The film's chronology is relatively non-linear, and the characters are used not only as a means of narrative, but as a unit to show us the subtle (or not so subtle) hints of bias, we give things that we commit to memory, IE . Ray Liotta's character, burning a gun that says the words "Fear Me", is portrayed as both tragically pathetic (from Statham's POV) or interrogating and brave (from Liotta's POV). This is just an example of Ritchie's much more mature approach he has taken to film production with Revolver, we have a story that is quite archetypal (the strong but quiet, gritty anti-hero is released from prison with a score to settle but it is unwittingly drawn into a world of corruption ... I think it is paint with numbers film noir here guys right down to the vague poetic choice of diction and the gritty voice-overs) but then Guy has taken this framework to make a number of extremely philosophical and complex points. <br /> <br /> Take the stage where Jason Statham's character runs off a car. This throwaway sequence could have been broadcast from the movie and made no difference to the story at all ... but Ritchie points out how such small chances of receiving a phone call can make the difference between life and death. <Br /> <br /> So the final action in the movie is pretty funny, I would take p * ss if I said I didn't use the last 20 minutes or so of the movie that went to my date that went " uh ... wtf? "... but that's the shoddiest reason to disregard a work of art. It's too easy to dislike something because you find it hard to understand. And even easier to say "well no one seemed to understand it, so it must be a real tour of a movie!". In my humble opinion, Revolver is a stylish, complex and mature piece of modern art to be greeted in the same way as we would give to Saatchi Brothers work. If we choose this option to collectively say "Ah sh * t, I would have a movie about a load of bleeding 'cockney gangsters i-nit loll ... Guy Ritchie is a tit!" then the day will come when filmmakers can only do what is expected of them by superficial, crazy people. Just because Guy has made a name for himself with funny, naughty cockney romps, it doesn't mean he can't be deep without being "pretentious". Funny people can also be thoughtful.
