Life does not go too bad for Harry Mitchell, he is an ex-air force major (plus nifty little pension I imagine) who ranks in cash for a patent he has developed (fusing titanium and steel via explosive process that creates super metal fits NASA), and his twenty-two-year-old wife has remained in good spirits. He has a nice little pillow in LA. I like to see visions from the 80s consumer dream, and you get a good deal here, with the restored silver I (a series 1 E-type roadster) to him, and the beautiful antique dolls housed for her (as well as I am sure of other ornaments and boys toys). There must always be more, but don't have it? So Harry gets us caught in some romantic shenanigans (you're just as old as the woman you feel). As in many films noir, a mistake in an otherwise just plain life leads to a downward bow to Harry. <br /> <br /> Three chant lies on him. This is where the value is for me, big character actors play very credible roles. Bobby Shy (played by Clarence Williams III) is a black ex-con who is able to perform incredible psychopathic actions to avoid jail and punish double-crosseders. He is reminiscent of Pluto, the evil black ex-con-psychopath of Carl Franklin's well-founded neo-noir "One False Move" (1992). There is a similar sign of motivation I think. Both men have had enough of the man, and pretty much everyone, in extremities. Robert Trebor plays Leo Franks, a bold lily-delivered pansy who runs a nudie parlor where gentlemen can photograph naked models at $ 25 for half an hour and $ 50 for an entire hour (did any other guffaw in the absence of discount?). He's in over head and it's great to see Trebor when Leo begins to feel the heat, credible collapse. John Glover wins as Alan Raimy, who is the brain of the plot, an actual brilliant man who becomes a pornographer and turns to a life of crime out of pure sociopathic enui. He is a sexual sadist and does a couple of particularly unpleasant things during the film, including what I think is a pretty well-grounded rape (pay attention to his RAP sheet readout, it's easily missed and read between the lines of the motel scene with "Slim"). <br /> <br /> In common with One False Move, but not exclusively, I believe the real impact of the movie is in the unusually communicative scenes of violence. <br /> <br /> So far so good, but I think there's a real problem with the movie. Harry Mitchell is told at some point that he has his "often in wringer". My problem is that Harry Mitchell is played by Roy Scheider. Roy Scheider main characters never lose, they are confident and smooth, but not in an annoying way. I feel I am asked to believe that his character is in danger, as the film relies on this for dramatic excitement; but I didn't think so. For me, it is as if being asked to believe that Sandra Bullock's character will end up sleeping alone at the end of a romantic drama, or Stephen Seagal's character will be taken down by the evil ones (actually happened in a movie, but was deliberately made into shock value). Roy Scheider also does not convince as a spouse, you feel no irritation with him, his character is Teflon-plated. <br /> <br /> It also felt like a movie that took some cuts. In 110 minutes it still feels underdeveloped: Harry's wife, Ann Margaret, is basically a cardboard cut, an extension of Harry, her back story as a politician driving to the office, getting little attention. The effect that the affair has on Harry's marriage is not properly reported. This could be a Frankenheimer problem, he is not known for character development. I have never felt that Harry was dealing with a little more than an overtly annoying and erroneous tax claim from the IRS. <br /> <br /> There is a good twisted noir content in this movie, but I feel like it is in the excellent grip that Harry's casting could have been better (no respect for the great Roy Scheider). The film felt short, even with the long running time, and I think maybe it could have taken a little more. <br /> <br /> But you really can't forget sleaze, as Harry's delicious pervive scene takes pictures of Doreen in the nudie room.
