Although "The Sopranos" is another gift from the megahit "The Godfather" and successors who dramatized and to some extent glamorized the mafia, "The Sopranos" takes another tack. Not suitable, classic mobsters back home in Lake Tahoe and wagers in Vegas casinos - these guys are goombahs, with a waste management cover that deals with things falling outside of lorries, topless bars, protection money - in short, what the neighborhood is mobs were about. <br /> <br /> Colorful characters dominate this series, which does not hold back to gender and graphic violence. Tony Sopran (James Gandolfini) is a bully head with a wife and two children living in New Jersey who suffer from panic attacks as he tries to balance his biological family with his mafia. To get to the bottom of his attack, he sees a psychiatrist, Jennifer Melfi (Lorraine Bracco) who is afraid of him and at the same time attracted to him at the same time. Tony's craftsman - Paulie, his nephew Christopher, his uncle Junior (the titular leader of the mob), his good friend Pussy - are all full-fledged characters. <br /> <br /> As we learn to go through the series, enemies are not only outside but inside, and one of these enemies includes Tiger's morbid but terrible mother (Nancy Marchand) who convinces Junior that Tony is a danger to him. Tonson's sister Janice is looking for money in her mother's house with a stethoscope and a Geiger counter. Tony has mistress issues, and a wife (Edie Falco) who loves a lot because she loves him always keeps ties to his Catholic religion. "The church wrinkles on divorce," she tells a woman contemplating a divorce. "Let the Pope live with him," is the answer. As for Tony's mistress problems, his psychiatrist points out that Tony is attracted to demanding women for whom nothing is enough and asks him if it sounds familiar. Yes, it sounds like her mother. I am of Italian descent, and yes, I am ill for Italians who appear in a negative light and all assume that all Italians are mobsters. But you can't help like this show, which is a constant reminder of our culture. (Thanksgiving, it is pointed out is not turkey and sweet potato pie - it's antipasto, manicotti, meatballs and escarole, and then the bird!) Not to mention, the right pronunciation of words like melenzana (mullinyan), escarole (scarole) , manicotti (manigot) etc. The only un-Italian thing about Tony is that he does not have a finished basement, something unheard of in the rest of the family (except my parents have never had it). <br /> <br /> Standouts in this show are Gandolfini, as a ruthless gangster on antidepressants, Falco, who is brilliant as his wife and Bracco as the tortured Jennifer. But all are excellent. If you can take the violence and language, this is a great show, an unsustainable portrait of New Jersey's bully.
