The sopranoes are probably the most recognized TV series ever, so of course my expectations were through the roof, and yet the show surpassed them. I love mafia and crime genre in movies, and I enjoy following the compelling stories in these worlds, but it's so much more. 86+ hours of material give the story a chance not only to be one of the most exciting and unpredictable mafia / action stories, but also to be a great family drama, a shocking character study, a ridiculous comedy, a brilliant psychological study that deals with with the character of good and evil, and an intellectual artificial cooperation between representative dreams and hallucinations all. David Chase's epic series manages to accomplish all this and much more, and cement HBO, as the closest television can come to cinematic perfection, paves the way for a number of other series to continue blowing away the audience. Realism is present when needed, but Chase's decision to deviate from it to effect on "dream section" and the like, adds only several layers to the series. Chase - along with a strong writing staff, including Matthew Weiner and Terrence Winter, future creators of Mad Men and Boardwalk Empire - transforms New Jersey into an intricate universe filled with the greatest cast of characters I've seen on television. /> <br /> James Gandolfini dominates the show as Tony, one of the most groundbreaking signs of television ever. Tony adheres to half of the mobster stereotypes from the pop culture, but he tolerates the other half completely and through his family interactions and his treatment sessions with Dr. Melfi (Lorraine Bracco, with whom he has a significant chemistry that ensures that therapies always have a completely different feeling for the rest of the show), we see almost every side to Tony Sopran and learn that he is more of an everyman than one would expect. <br /> <br /> Edie Falco matches the power of Gandolfini's performance as Tiger's wife Carmela. From her mixed feelings about Tony's lifestyle, to her suspicions of murder, to her torment over Tony's cheating and to her own thoughts of adultery, Carmela drives old-fashioned feelings over 6 seasons, and Falco makes her the primary non-mafia seeker vehicle to have eyes in such a corrupt world. The scenes between Tony and Carmela provide some of the most heartbreaking and painfully realistic drama ever seen on television. <br /> <br /> Support support is almost as phenomenal, and a large number of characters populate all six seasons, somehow without redundancies. Nancy Marchand steals the show as Tiger's indulgent mother Livia, an insight into Toni's personality problems and panic attacks. The knowledge of Marchand's incessant complaints is almost cruel, as she takes the character so credibly far. Michael Imperioli is Christopher, Tiger's protégé, whose various bad choices lead him down a path that is painful to see but excellently executed. Drea De Matteo plays Christopher's girlfriend Adriana, and is so blessed and loving that the dark bow takes her character as she gets too involved in Christopher's career. Tony Sirico is Paulie, introduced as the ultimate mafia stereotype and cartoon, but eventually he becomes one of the most sympathetic and complex characters on the show, and no one plays true anger better than he does. And that's just the tip of the iceberg. <br /> <br /> Famous faces like Peter Bogdanovich, Jon Favreau, Ben Kingsley, Lauren Bacall, Will Arnett, Nancy Sinatra, David Strathairn, Robert Patrick, Hal Holbrook, Burt Young, and Eric Mangini make appearances during the show while names such as Joe Pantoliano, Steve Buscemi and Steven Van Zandt have roles as main characters in the series. There are 50+ large figures with powerful arcs, and the excitement and excitement never dropped in any of the various sub-panels during the show. Comedy elements and whole episodes filled with brilliant hilarity dilute the powerhouse dramatic intensity of the series, which is so multifunctional that the credit from almost any episode for some reason left me a little confused. The Sopranoes are the most powerful and addictive series I have seen together, and its heights are so mind-blowing that I should call it my favorite show despite argumentable lows (of which I disagree). <br /> <br /> Whether you love or hate the end, or whatever you do, is irrelevant: the discussion it has created is an achievement in itself. The iconic character of the entire series makes it an essential part of the television story. There are several elements for everyone to love and marvel at in this show, so if you are thinking of seeing something else instead, do yourself a favor and follow it.
