Now I've read some negative reviews for this show on this site and frankly I'm shaken. For someone to even believe that the sopranoes are not televisions, I am afraid I do not know what the world has come to. Let me tell you something. I started to see many T.V shows like Lost, Prison Break, Dexter, Deadwood and Even Invasion. But all these shows lost their touch after the first season, especially Lost and Prison Break, which I refuse to see because companies took 2 genius ideas and slaughtered them by doing more than one season. Then we have The Sopranos. I can honestly say this is the only television series I have ever seen where I have been thrilled throughout its season, and more importantly all its episodes. There is no department that this show does not distinguish in. Action - nothing short of amazing. James Gandolfini is one of my favorite actors, and I feel his acting is amazing in every episode after I heard that HBO wanted Ray Liotta to play Tony, I felt it would have been the better choice But after seeing the first few episodes, I knew that HBO had done a good job of casting James as Tony. The raw emotions he shows are excellent. Then we have everyone else, Edie Falco, Michael Imperioli, Lorraine Bracco, Dominic Chianese (which I remembered as Johnny Ola in Godfather Part 2) and my personal two favorite characters Tony Sirico and Steve Van Zandt Paulie 'Walnuts' Gualtieri and Silvio Dante. All of these actors perform the best quality, and all give an excellent performance in each episode. Then we have the story, I have never been so sucked into a T.V-show before. The story is nothing short of excellent. Every episode is excellent and the result of this show is just amazing. I feel the Soprano is a show I can see again and again and never get bored. It has everything from humorous humor to brutal violence, but it is and will always be the best thing to ever reach the television, and I challenge anyone to find a real mistake in the show. Not only is it too violent, or they feel that Tony's character is immoral, I think it's a mafia show at the end of the day, I don't think the characters will be very honest or loyal to God. I ask everyone to see this show because believe me you will be hooked from the very first episode I was and I even got some friends who had first refused to watch the show hanged on it. Trust me when I say that this show is a Godsend compared to the crap that comes on TV. Once you've seen the first season, you'll inevitably agree with me when I say once again that this show dominates television and no TV show Current or future will always experience the marvel that is The Sopranos.
