Not only do the stories in "The Sopranos" explain the audience from all over the world, but I think (at least) what brings the viewers back is the actor. (Not even you, Gary, can dispute this claim) James Gandolfini, who plays lead man Tony Soprano, has become (according to this viewer) one of the "Hollywood Elites" in the performance of a television series. I wouldn't go ahead and compare him with Robert DeNiro or Al Pacino, or at least not just yet. However, he does a hell of a job playing that part of Tony Soprano. In the years since 1999, Gandolfini has risen as much as an actor (mainly due to its role in The Sopranos) that he is today considered to be among the best in the industry. And it's not just him. The "soprano" marks a great supporting casting, including Lorraine Bracco, Edie Falco, Michael Imperioli, Dominic Chianese and the late Nancy Marchand who played Tony's terrible mother. At this point in the show's existence, it is considered a cult classic and rightly so. The first two seasons were exceptional. Violent and rather cruel in a fairly frequent way, but undoubtedly, extraordinarily done. The third season was great, but did not live up to the seasons 1 and 2. Season 4, which was packed just before New Year, was the weakest season yet (or at least I thought it was). Despite a blast, I still found it (season 4 of "The Sopranos") to be more entertaining than most of its competition, and it says a lot, recently I have seen a tendency for good new TV shows. Examples of this: Six Feet Under, The Shield, Curb Your Enthusiasm and OZ (which is not technically a new show, but ended with an unforgettable last season this year). However, in order to get back to my point, some of the authors are considering a show better than the whole competition during a particularly bad year. The "soprano" extends beyond all other television shows in its time, and its writers deserve a lot of credit. To close, I would like to say, "The Sopranos" is the right deal people. For the average mature viewer (17 and over) who enjoys drama and doesn't mind a mix of a little violence and ghost, you might want to check out "The Sopranos" if you get the chance. Believe me that it will be worth the time.
