It is probably not fair that I have to see most of the interesting reviews on the soprano and then add what people have forgotten, but well ....... <br /> <br / > How can any actor fail with these characters from a play? Each one fascinating and intense in their life exercises. Tony Soprano - while a mob "Capo" and suffering from mental illness, still sees his life in front of him and knows what needs to be done to survive. Each of his men sees you their life almost from the inside as the true form of voyageism. It certainly gives a kind of "nosy" page in every viewer, and I include myself in this! While some of the above don't care about Bracco, I have to say that this is the freshest role she has had in years ago good fellas She's Tony's side that makes him listen to the ground, making him decent, giving him breathing space when dealing with his human feelings, which he has not learned to feel as long as ever. She is simply put, his savior. (Don't speak in religious tones) <br /> <br /> But the knockout performance here is undoubtedly Edie Falco. To see her prison guard role in the second acclaimed HBO series, "Oz" and then see her as Livia, is the ultimate compliment for any actor or actress. She has exceeded the boundaries of a recognizable actress, and only actresses like Merle Streep can get away with. A kind of chameleon quality to exceed roles. But as I mentioned earlier, with a character that is strong like these, how can any actor fail? Livia's strength is in her daily affirmation of faith in herself. She is a survivor when she hopes that her husband and family will survive. She is prepared for the worst because she knows the dangers of her husband's business, but knows that the lifestyle she has is more than most women from Jersey. She's smart if it's not smarter and more street savvy than Tony herself. <br /> Overall, the biggest crime of the Soprano family is that we viewers have to wait until January 2000 to see the next season. This, in my opinion, is the worst of the HBO series. That was what brought The Larry Sanders Show, Sex and City, Dream On, and others back to earth in popularity and eventually killed them. Too much space between seasons and very occasional. Until then, I want to see the reruns with the hope that this hole in the programming is full.
