I didn't even think about it this way, but my friend said the first thing he thought when he heard the title "Midnight Cowboy" was a gay porn. At that time, everything I had known about it was the reference to it in the "Seinfeld" episode with Jerry trying to get Kramer to Florida on that bus and Kramer is all sick and with a nosebleed. <br /> <br /> The movie was amazing and surprisingly optimistic and not all pissy pretentious pessimistic like some movies, I can't even remember because they're all crap. Basically consisted of a naive young cowboy Joe Buck to New York trying to be a hustler (a male prostitute in essence), thinking it will be easy choice, just beating bricks hard when a woman ends up hustling HIM and charging him for their sexual encounter. <br /> <br /> Then he meets Enrico Salvatore Rizzo, called "Ratso" by all and the sweet gay guys who get the fun of him all the time. You think of him as a scoundrel, but a lovable (like Han Solo or Lando Calrissian) and surprisingly he and Joe become friends, and the movie is so sweet and warm to see them being friendlier and such and such. Rizzo reveals to be a sad and honest man who is very ill and very depressed and self-conscious, hates being called "Ratso" and wants to go to Florida, where he believes life will be much better and all his problems are solved, and he will learn to be a cook and be famous there. <br /> <br /> Watching Joe do everything he can to get them both down to Florida with many hilarious moments (as Ratso tries to steal food at the hippie party and gets caught by the woman who says "Gee, you know, it's free. You don't have to steal it." And he says "Well, if it's free, then I'm not Stealin" it, "and the classic moment totally rude and unplanned, where Hoffman almost hit by the Taxi and screams "Hey, I'm going here! I go here!") And the play is so credible, you "You never think Joe Buck will grow up to be the prominent and respected actor Jon Voight and Ratso Rizzo will grow up to be the legendary and beloved Dustin Hoffman. It's not the first time they've worked together in the lead, but chemistry is so thick and intense. <br /> <br /> Then there is the sad part that I think is a bit overstatement to call it "depressing". Ratso Rizzo falls apart the whole movie, can hardly walk, eat almost, cough a lot, is sick and reaches a main point on the bus going to Florida. He hurts, and only miles away from Miami, he finally dies on the bus. The bus driver assures everyone that nothing is wrong and continues. Sad, but not in the kind of way that would make you go home and cry and mop around miserably as if you just lost your dog in 13 years. All in all, great movie. And the soundtrack is basically made up of the "Everybody's Talking" game all the time through the movie at appropriate times, a weird movement, but a great one that the song is good and fits perfectly into the tone of the movie. go buy it
