This is a good example of a good, silly movie. No, it's not high art in any way. The script is also not close to a Woody Allen or Mel Brooks. BUT so what! The Killer Tomatoes series (four films and a comic book series) is basically good-natured drum that pleases the kind of territory that Zuckers ruled before switching to serious flicks. As the title suggests, this fourth part of the Killer Tomatoes trilogy deals with the Killer Tomatoes plot against France. In this case, Professor Gangrene (John Astin's third time in the role) has a plan to rule France through an ancient prophecy on the return of the legitimate king of France. Steve Lundquist returns as Igor, a humanoid tomato who wants to be a sports caster and who just happens to be a dead call to the long-standing, true king of France. Of course, he also plays the aforementioned 11t K of F, which is looking forward to the French language. <br /> <br /> Opposing them is the fearless Fuzzy Tomato (like the others, FT was introduced into the second movie and would be an important character in the comic) and his human allies. Mark Price, recently vacant due to the completion of the FAMILY TIES series, plays a thinly disguised version of himself and transfers himself as "Michael J Fox" as a way of winning the dream girl. And Angela Visser is a dream as Marie, pleasantly joking between pristine virgin sexuality and borderline psychosis. Oh, the former Miss Holland had had more of a movie career! Another recurring member of the Killer Tomatoes corporation is Rick Rockwell (now best known as the rude title topic "Who wants to marry a millionaire?"). As co-author John De Bello, Rockwell works both in front of and behind the camera in this series. What can you say about Jon De Bello? Not much, really, except that he had a unique vision and managed to pull it off and apparently fell into obscurity. John, if you ever see this, thank you for giving us Killer Tomatoes. The scripture is heavy but not unnoticed that this is only a film. As the return of the Killers TOMATOES, the action progresses occasionally out of the set and into the middle of the movie staff. And Mark Price has a fun forum to complain about his own lack of success compared to his former costar Michael J Fox. This is the largest budget of all Killer Tomatoes flicks and is a great send-off to the series. Okay, then the show moved to Fox Kids as a cartoon series (which was also pretty smart), but comics are just not the same.
