I love MIDNIGHT COWBOY and have it in my video collection as it is a favorite for me. What is interesting to me is how when MIDNIGHT COWBOY came out in 1969, it was so shocking to viewers that it was classified X. Of course, X meant at that time. When I was only two years old at the time of the film's release, it's hard for me to imagine how shocked viewers were back then. But when I try to take into account that many of the issues covered by the film included prostitution (the title itself was slang for a male prostitute); homoseksualitet; loneliness; Physical (and partly emotional) abuse and drugs are difficult for many people to talk to this day, I can begin to get a sense of what viewers of this movie were thinking back to the release. It is worth noting that MIDNIGHT COWBOY in the 1970s was downgraded to an R-rating, and although it is still rated R, some of the scenes could almost be rated PG-13 by today's standards. <br /> <br /> In short, I will give an overview of the plot, although it is probably known to almost everyone who has heard about the movie. Jon Voight plays a young man named Joe Buck of Texas, who decides he can make it big as a male hustler in New York City escorting rich women. He emulates cowboy actors like Roy Rogers by wearing a cowboy outfit thinking it will impress women. After being rejected by all the women he encountered, he meets a sleazy con man named Enrico "Ratso" Rizzo, played by Dustin Hoffman. Ratso convinces Joe that he can make any kind of money if he has a leader. Once again, Joe is amazed and long homeless. Joe, however, comes across Ratso and is invited to stay in a counterfeit apartment. Without giving away much more of the plot, I would say that the rest of the movie deals with Joe and Ratso as they try to help each other in an attempt to fulfill their dreams. DVS. Joe does it like a gigolo and Ratso goes down to Florida where he thinks he can regain his health. <br /> <br /> I would like to make some comments about the movie itself. First of all, the play is excellent, especially the leaders. Although the movie is really very sad from the beginning to the end, there are some classic scenes. In fact, there are some scenes that, while not meant to be fun, I find them entertaining. For example, there is the classic scene where Dustin Hoffman and Jon Voight descend on a village, and a cab almost drives them. Dustin Hoffman slips into the cab and says "Hey, I'm going here"! I go here! "I get a kick out of that scene because it's so typical of New York City where so many people are busy. Another scene that comes to mind is the scene where Ratso (Dustin Hoffman) sends Joe (Jon Voight) to a guy named O'Daniel, what is entertaining is that we first believe that O'Daniel is there to recruit gigolos and see why Joe gets so excited, but then we begin to realize that O'Daniel is nothing but a religious nut, besides the two scenes I mentioned, I love the scene where Ratso and Joe argue in their apartment when Ratso tells Joe that his cowboy outfit only attracts gays, and Joe says in self-defense "John Wayne! You must tell me he is a profession! "What I like is delivery in that scene. <br /> <br /> I would say that even though MIDNIGHT COWBOY was set in the late 60's, much of it is true today. Although the area around 42nd Street in New York has been cleaned in the form of Disneyfication for many years, homelessness is still as prevalent now as it was 40 years ago, and many people also have unrealistic dreams of how The big thing just to get their dreams smashed, as was the case with the Jon Voight character, one thing that impresses me about Jon Voy's character is how he is a survivor, and I felt he had at the end of the movie matured a lot, and that Ratso (Dustin Hoffman's character) had a good influence on him. <br /> In conclusion, I would suggest that when looking at this movie, you should see it at least a couple of times because there are so many things going on, for example, there is a bunch of flashback and the dream sequel Looks that gave me more meaning after a few views. Also, what I find interesting is that there is much in this movie that is interpreted for interpretation as what really happened to Joe Buck (Jon Voight's characters) and the people who were in his life in Texas. Even the end, while I will not give it away to those who have not seen the movie, is quite open.
