Tart, tireless and beautiful, John Schlesinger's masterpiece is no less effective today than 35 years ago, as American life was even more disorientating. The film was unlikely to be made at any other time in history, because there were so many upheavals in the late 1960s: the final dissolution of the great American West, the intensification of the war in Vietnam and the collapse of social ideals that was confusing in black. 'Midnight Cowboy' is known as the only Oscar-winning movie to achieve an 'X' rating, but there is much more to its fame; it also exceeds the norm as a work of art. While this film (from the novel by James Leo Herlihy) has much to say about the erosion of American life, it transcends the '60s policy by looking at the hidden ties of friendship and dealing with themes that are known to man in all ages. The two main characters are in fact standard antiheroes - men who have nothing big to offer, but enough to air our world. <br /> <br /> The first focus on 'Midnight Cowboy' is on 28-year-old Joe Buck, a physically impressive Texas native, played by Jon Voight. In the opening scenes we follow Joe's bus trip to New York City, where he plans to use one of his few real talents - the ability to delight women - and earn his happiness as a hustler. We learn on his arrival that Joe is ridiculously naive in sex trading. Garbed in cowboy duds and proclaiming himself "a hell of a stud", the young Texanans abound through their early tricks before joining Enrico 'Ratso' Rizzo (Dustin Hoffman), a sickly king and the Bronx thief. Ratso, who is short, thin, and with a slack, proves little money aid to Joe. They run out of cash quickly, and as life grows violently in the winter months, Joe and Ratso shiver in a damned Manhattan apartment complex with almost no dollars or square feet for their names. It is during this period that a strong friendship develops between them, the two men trust each other to fight big odds. <br /> <br /> Throughout the movie, Joe returns to previous years in Texas, including life with his grandmother Sally (Ruth White), who served as guardian; his harried relationship with 'Crazy' Annie (Jennifer Salt), a notorious local girl; and a traumatic event where Joe and Annie were assaulted by townspeople who wanted to break up in the love affair. Much of his time, Midnight Cowboy strings together a wild selection of flashbacks, dream sequences and psychedelic images that shed light on the protagonists while distorting their backgrounds. For every moment of understanding we get from Joe and Ratso, more questions about their lives being generated. Both men are undoubtedly in tatters; They have no clear sense of direction until Ratso falls into the flow of disease, and Joe finally senses a purpose to be alive. This revelation pushes 'Midnight Cowboy' to its conclusion, quite hopeful in a very gloomy story. While Joe and Ratso need much luck, John Schlesinger's direction is clearly outlined and uses the gritty atmosphere of Waldo Salt's manuscript in letting Voight and Hoffman thrive. Their interactions look extremely natural, and the supporting cast, which includes Sylvia Miles, Brenda Vaccaro, and members of the Andy Warhol Click, gives itself as an important part of the story. The flashback sequences involving Voight, Ruth White and Jennifer Salt are particularly impressive in dealing with the time lost. <br /> <br /> Any young person wondering about the psychedelic era is recommended to watch this movie thanks to excellent filmography by Adam Holender ('The Boy Who Could Fly', 'Smoke') and editing by Hugh Robertson ( 'Shaft'). The Midnight Cowboy images work with his soundtrack (compiled by John Barry) as a coherent entity that sometimes foresees music videos of the past two decades. The main song Everybody's Talking song by Nilsson, which was actually used as a temporary track in the editing phase. The memorable harmony theme is played by Jean 'Toots' Thielemans. <br /> <br /> 'Midnight Cowboy' has been released in a two-disc collector's edition of MGM / UA, which features enhanced features and comments. Also available is a 1998 DVD release (used for this review) which offers double widescreen and standard format with 5.1 Dolby Digital audio enhancement; three language subtitles and closed captions; French "dubbing"; a theatrical re-release trailer (not the "original" as advertised); and an eight-page production book. Both DVD versions feature a 25-year anniversary-restored version of the movie that shows its original shine. Well deserved of its three Oscars (Best Picture, Schlesinger, Waldo Salt) and additional nominations (Voight, Hoffman, Sylvia Miles, Hugh Robertson), 'Midnight Cowboy' will definitely hold its place on the list of immortal classics. <br /> <br /> *** ½ out of 4
