It is not quite the timeless masterpiece you would hope it would be based on the recognition it received, but 1969's "Midnight Cowboy" is still a powerhouse showcase for two young actors who just burst into the eye at that time. The film is considered by John Schlesinger and written by Waldo Salt. The film seems to be a product of its time, in the late 1960s, when American films were particularly expressionistic, but it still casts a magic because history comes down to the themes of loneliness and bonding that resonate whatever period. The film's cinematic influence can still be felt in the unspoken emotionality found in Ang Lee's "Brokeback Mountain". The meandering plot follows Joe Buck, a naive young Texan who decides to move to Manhattan to become a stud-for-hire for rich women. Full of energy, but lacking any skilled, he fails unhappy, but is not willing to admit defeat despite his dwindling economy. He meets with a cynical, sickly petty thief named "Ratso" Rizzo, who first sees Joe as a light farmer. The two become dependent on each other, and Rizzo begins to control Joe. Things come to mind at a psychedelic drug-determined party, where Joe finally lands a paying client. Meanwhile, Rizzo gets sick and the two go out of Florida to get a better life. This is not a story that will appeal to everyone. In fact, some may still find it daunting that a hustler and a thief turn into sympathetic characters, but their predictions feel painfully authentic. <br /> <br /> In his first Jon Voight is a major role as he brings out Joe's paper thin bravado and deepens sexual uncertainties. As Rizzo, Dustin Hoffman discovers his clean, post-college image from "The Graduate" and immerses himself in the personal breakdown and glittering hope that acts as a strangely compatible counterpart to Joe. Honesty of their depictions is complemented by Schlesinger's film processing, which at that time captures the fate of the Times Square district. The director also effectively introduces flashbacks and fantasy sequences to fill the character's fragile psyche. Credit must also go to Salt not to let the through cynicism overcome the pathos of history. The other performances are just random for the journey of the protagonists, including Brenda Vaccaro as the woman Joe meets at the party, Sylvia Miles as a blowsy matron, John McGiver as a religious zeal and Barnard Hughes as a lonely out-of-towner. The DVD package with two disks contains a pristine print transfer from the 1994 restoration and informative comment from producer Jerome Hellman, as unfortunately neither Schlesinger nor Salt live yet. There are three fantastic featurettes on the second disc - a look-back documentary, "After Midnight: Reflections on a Classic 35 Years Later", featuring comments from Hellman, Hoffman, Voight and others, as well as clips and related archive films such as Voights screen test; "Controversy and Acclaim", which examines the origin of the film's original 'X' rating and public response to the film; and a tribute to the director, "Celebrate Schlesinger".
