John Schlesinger's 'Midnight Cowboy' is perhaps most notable for being the only X-rated movie in the history of the Academy to receive Oscar for Best Picture. It was definitely how I first heard about it, and to be honest, I didn't really expect much of the movie. This is not to say that I thought it would be terrible, but somehow I did not consider the kind of movie I would like to see. This is one reason why you should never rely on your own instincts in such ways? a remarkable combination of stellar, ambitious management and a memorable soundtrack ("Everybody talks" to me, I don't hear a word they say) ") make this movie one of the finest explorations of life, naivety and friendship ever released. <br /> <br /> Young Joe Buck (newcomer Jon Voight), proudly dressed as a rodeo cowboy, travels from Texas to New York to seek a new life as a hustler, a male prostitute, however, women do not think Being willing to pay money for his services, and Joe is facing extreme poverty when his money supply begins to dry up. During these exploits, Joe meets Enrico "Ratso" Rizzo (Dustin Hoffman), a diseaseless scammer who initially tries to get Joe out of all his money When they come to realize that they are both in the same situation, Ratso Joe offers a place to live and they work together and try to do ( virtually dishonest) life for themselves in New York's cold, gritty metropolis. <Br /> <br /> Joe had convinced himself that New York women would be more than willing to pay for sex; however, his first such business ends with him who is obliged to pay the woman (Sylvia Miles) twenty dollars. Although he may consider himself a bit intelligent, Ratso is as naive as Joe. Ratso, with his painful lukewarm and hacking cough, always assures that if it was only possible to travel to Miami's heat, it would probably be all right. This misleading expectation that things get better so easily reminiscent of Lennie and George by John Steinbeck's classic novel 'Of Mice and Men.' Shot on the streets of New York, 'Midnight Cowboy' is a laughably realistic look at life in the slum. When we watch the movie, we can almost feel inside Ratso's quivering, unheated home, our joints stiff from the painful winter cold. The actress certainly contributes to this ultra-realism, where both Voight and Hoffman masterfully depict the two decadent dregs in modern society. Hoffman is extremely unusual in his role (I am here! I go here! "), And he manages to steer well of being typecast after his very high debut in 1967 'The Graduate.' Both stars were later nominated for Best Actor Oscars (also nominated to act bafflingly was Sylvia Miles, for a look that may not have been for more than five minutes), although both eventually lost out to John Wayne in True grit. ' "Midnight Cowboy" eventually won three Oscars from seven nominations, including Best Picture, Best Director of Schlesinger and Best Writing for Waldo Salt. "Midnight Cowboy" is mainly told linearly, although there are many feedbacks suggesting Joe's past, instead of explicitly explaining what these brief excerpts really are about, the audience is invited to think about it themselves and how these circumstances could have led Joe on the path he is now pursuing. glimpse of hope, but a great deal of uncertainty, Gritty, thoughtful and intensely fascinating, 'Midnight Cowboy' is one of the times.
