"Midnight Cowboy" was never a good movie to begin with, but it's a classic. You know it's a classic, the moment when its insistent theme song, 'Everybody's Talking' starts up on the audio track (not actually written for the movie), and how the camera introduces us to Joe Buck (naked and in the shower). We had seen Jon Voight before, but had never really noticed him, but when he tells us he is a helluva stud who doubts him? This was a great achievement that had iconic star status as well as a complete understanding of the character, and if Voight had never done anything else, his performance here would still be legendary. As it is, Voight has seldom disappointed on the screen; even a piece of ham as well cured as his performance in the glamorous rubbish "Anaconda" is a source of pleasure). The film became famous and infamous almost overnight. It was a crowd-pleaser, (even with its downbeat ending), fun and sexy and recognizable 'real'; (It was the end of the 60s and all the characters rang true). It was also the first 'X' nominal movie to win Oscar as Best Picture of the Year. Adapted (brilliant), by Waldo Salt from a James Leo Herlihy novel, it was probably the first mainstream American movie to handle taboo issues such as homosexuality and drug shooting in an actual way. Everyone is recognizable human, warts and all, and everyone is treated sympathetically. Voight's Joe Buck is an innocent overseas, a Candide who comes to New York to seek his happiness as a hustler (a profession he looks so glamorous and not seedy; he is a cross between a gigolo and a social worker). But when he himself is confused by a scraggy, wormy little con-man "Ratso" is called Rizzo, (Dustin Hoffman, fresh from "The Graduate" and he is a revelation), he realizes that reality may be slightly different from the tube - dream. It is essentially a male love story (although it is completely platonic), between these two not so unlikely bedfellows. Both entirely alone, both in need, each other's protector (Voight with his physical skill, Hoffman with his street scientist). They are misfits adrift from the mainstream, tolerant of their own peculiarities and deviations from others. Although "straight", Voight is not beyond a homosexual encounter in a 42nd street cinema with a boy even loner than himself. (The whole movie is a strange 'Christian' attitude). <br /> <br /> It's also magnificent. While Voight and Hoffman keep the screen all the way through, there are amazing vignettes from Brenda Vaccaro and Sylvia Miles as well as John McGiver, Bob Balaban and Bernard Hughes as different customers and towbar, beautifully delimited character studies that seem to exceed All in all while John Schlesinger's gives the film the feel of a documentary as well as an unfamiliar completely detached eye view of the American underpower without rancor and without criticism. On other thoughts, it might be a good movie.
