Midnight Cowboy opens with a run down Drive In theater with voice-over by the protagonist Joe Buck (Jon Voight) singing in the shower. He sings a cowboy song, the only thing he strives to be. Joe captures his humdrum life in Texas and moves it to New York City with the dream of many women and even more money. He dressed as the cowboy's epitome, but in a cartoon-like manner, even his friends do not take him seriously. He begins his journey on the bus to NYC and we can quickly see how diluted Joe is through his interactions with the other passengers. This is primarily a story of Joe's realization of the real world's hard reality. He starts out as a very naive seamstress, he can do it in NYC just on his good looks. He has no other reason to think otherwise, as they proved useful in the past; We learn this from the many feedbacks he has. In the beginning, flashbacks are filmed in a way that portrays them as something moody. They are lazy and the voices sound like they come from a great distance as they are, they come out of his past. But as Joe delves deeper and deeper into the reality of NYC's harsh atmosphere, we see more of his past, which is no longer whimsical but gritty, filmed in black and white with quick editing to portray the cruel nature of the past events. This is especially seen in the feedback of him and his girlfriend being assaulted and her rape. In one of these feedbacks we see a building being torn down by brick bricks. This reflects the way Joe himself falls apart; The naivety that he once bore falls from him. He and Ratso (Dustin Hoffman) live in squalor and can hardly get food to eat; Joe realizes that he can't live by his appearance, there's a gritty underbelly in New York that he didn't imagine. His subconscious reflects the way in which his real life spreads. <br /> <br /> Ratso also serves as a kind of mirror to Joe, but in the opposite way; Ratso's Joe's foil. Joe is a beautiful, strong man who mostly has a good outward appearance. Ratso, however, from the first time we see him sitting next to Joe at the bar, we can tell he is the opposite. He is short, dark and always coated with gloss. He understands how the world works, that it is unforgivable, and sometimes how hard you try, you will fail; Like his father did. They live in the same world, same apartment themselves, but they understand things on a completely different level. <br /> <br /> The theme of alienation that is common in this era is very clear in this movie. Neither Joe nor Ratso fit into the culture around them. Joe feels trapped in Texas and moves to NYC where he is still very outstanding. Ratso, who lives in NYC's cold, wants to move to sunny Florida, where he thinks he will find a good life. Although this is his ideal, in the imagination we come from Ratso's perspective, it is clear that he knows that he will never really fit into society. In that fantasy he is lit by the people who live around him, he is once again an outsider who is alienated from society. It is not until the end that the gap between Joe and Ratso begins to narrow. Joe goes to violence; He takes on this castle's mentality to get money to fund an escape to Florida for himself and Ratso. On the journey, we see that Joe comes out of a store that doesn't wear the cowboy clothes, as he is never in the rest of the movie. He is dressed as someone who looks like they are on their way to Florida for vacation. He dressed Ratso in the same way; He covers to make them fit into the new society they come in, but it is of no use. At Ratso's death on the bus, their fellow passengers again see them as outsiders. Even in this new culture they have come in, they cannot escape the alienation they have encountered every time in this film. Despite Ratso's death and Joe's continued alienation, the film ends with the hope that Joe can take his new knowledge of how the world works and create a better life than he would have had as a hustler in NYC. Midnight Cowboy is an excellent film showing the harsh reality and alienation of society, with star performances by both Voight and Hoffman.
