The only reason I knew about Midnight Cowboy was because it was in the AFI Critics Top 100. For a top 100 it's not a very well-known movie; yes, i had to look hard to find a copy, i got the dvd version for about half price. It was surprising that it was only classified M15 + (the unknown version). <br /> <br /> I doubt many will notice this review (more like comment), so I do it briefly. <br /> <br /> This is perhaps one of the strangest movies I've seen, partly because of the use of montage, artistic filming (much art house) and the unusual theme. There are many things in the movie that I still don't understand (I've seen it twice) and it creates an emotionally confusing movie. The movie and the recording were very good, and they are bigger than life figures making this movie memorable. The protagonist is Joe Buck, a "cowboy" from Texas who moves to New York to become a male prostitute. He meets the crippled conman Enrico 'Ratso' Rizzo and of course they become friends through the usual escapades. What makes the film interesting is that the two figures are so different. I felt the movie didn't really develop the relationship between Buck and Enrico Rizzo, so the audience could get some real emotional connection, though the ending is certainly quite sad and tragic. You probably know what happens by reading the reviews, but it's pretty obvious from the start. Personally, I think that the film is beautiful and spiky exploring its main themes. Man's deprivation (shown by the city's darkness, the degraded buildings). Most of the characters in the movie are out of the law (a conman, giggolo.etc), but you can't help them. Joe Buck is endearing because he is so naive and optimistic as we begin to feel deplorable for Ratso later in the movie. <br /> <br /> I think the movie was rated so high because it certainly was very groundbreaking for its period. At that time (and even now) it was certainly not a typical movie (art house entirely). At a time when the cinema was dominated by tired western countries, musicals and dramas, a movie with such an unusual theme as Midnight Cowboy came. <br /> <br /> On a personal level, I must say I liked the movie. The image material conveyed a dreamlike quality. I especially liked the scene of the party, the music, the pictures, etc. Remains in your mind for a long time after watching. But as a movie for entertainment, it was a bit lacking (not really my movie style) in excitement. This is a movie that has to taste and appreciate, rather than a cheap thrill. <br /> <br /> Although I would hardly consider myself qualified to analyze this movie, the characters and their motives were quite interesting. From what I understand from flashbacks, Joe Buck was sexually abused as a child by his grandmother, though it still doesn't seem relevant to the story. He is a happy-lucky young stud who suppresses his darker memories. The religious connotations in the film are also scary. Some have suggested a gay connection between Buck and Ratso, although I can't see where they got the idea. The gay sexuality theme in general is more than touched in their conversation and later on Joe Bucks meeting with a lonely old man, but it has little to do with the main story. Definitely from a technical point of view one of the finest movies of the decade (it has more of the 70s than the 60s feeling) and revolutionary for its time to touch topics, some other movies dared to do. While it has a simple, sentimental story to it (disguised by a hard edge), the beauty of the film is in the strange, often psychedelic, sequences.
