Horror is perhaps one of two genres where logic does not always win beyond imagination. We all know that murderers like Freddy, Jason, Michael and even Leatherface should not be able to sustain the amount of pain they do and still live to fight another day. Most of us do not think that zombies really rise from the dead to steal people and eat their brains. And let's hope that at least some people know that when you enter places like fun houses and old mansions, there will be no invisible crimes against them. This is where fantasy wins beyond facts. Horror and most movies generally require us to suspend our disbelief for a few hours and just go with the flow. This is usually not a problem when I see bouncing balls being knocked down the stairs of George C. Scott or when I see an invisible force stalking three amateur movie producers in the woods near Burketsville. But what I have trouble digesting (without wanting to regurgitate) is when a movie has a killer like the one in this movie. Giving away who the killer is, would actually be a great spoiler and it would be fun to see it for yourself, but just enough to say that I actually enjoyed this movie right up to the last scene when the killer is revealed. There are too many events in the movie that make sense that the killer is who it is. But the 90 minutes ahead of this point is a well-executed, suspenseful, blood soaked film aimed at the panache and skill of John Hough. If the movie had offered me another killer, I would actually overcome it. This may sound like a totally Asian reason to discredit the movie, but believe me anyone who has seen the movie is almost certain to agree with me. <br /> <br /> John Cassevete's play Dr. Sam Cordell. He and his daughter Jenny (played beautifully by Erin Flannery) have just moved to this little New England city. Cordell is a recent widow and it is unclear how his wife died. We see several flashback scenes where a mystery woman (one can only assume it's his wife) lies on the back of the ground during a violent downturn. Her face is the blood and the eyes are closed. Again I am not sure who this woman is and what relevance she has to the story, but she is there anyway. Cassevetes, it must be mentioned, is strange to say the least. Cordell is a loving father, but his love for his daughter seems to be a little more than just parents. There are a few scenes that suggest incestuous opportunities. It will never work, but it just seems to be omnipotent, but a place just below the proverbial carpet. Fortunately, the film never examines this part of the relationship, but it makes you a little uncomfortable. <br /> <br /> Casevettes seem like a cross between porn actor John Leslie and screen great James Caan. He has a fraudulent smile and a virile command voice that makes you sit up and notice it. But he also seems to be shaking during a business lunch in each scene. He just has the slimy, outrageous, phlegmatic, unpleasant way about him. He doesn't really look like he can trust this movie. I think it's a credit to the authors, the director, and to Cassevete's self. There was always something that just disturbed me about his character from get-go. <br /> <br /> The story begins with an excellent note as two would be lovers swimming in the local quarry. There is an outrageously old changing shed nearby and we can see something or someone sees them. When the young man disappears shortly to get something from the truck, the young woman walks into the shed just to play a prank. When she is there, she is attacked. The young man dashes to the shed to find her and he is impaled with a table and nails. Hugh shrewdly sets us up for the payoff pitch when the young man enters. He looks frantically scours the room and spots his wild-lover love bleeding in the corner, and then smacko, the guy gets it. It is a very exciting moment, and it starts the movie on the correct note. <br /> <br /> Also introduced in the clashed wed of a story is a young man named Tim who seems to have strange dreams of a faceless woman bound in a torture chamber surrounded by men with cloaks covering their faces. Tim seems to think his dreams have something to do with the murders, because every time a murder takes place, he has another dream. Throw in a quiet and cloudy grandmother, a meretricious female reporter and a strong but friendly local sheriff, and you have all the ingredients needed to create the possibilities of an imbroglio in the small town of Galen. <br /> <br /> In whole movies more people are massacred but most of the time, the men are slaughtered with extreme prejudices and women are raped. This is my first weak (and cautious) attempt to tell you that this is what left me unconvinced of the denouement. It just didn't hit the right chord. <br /> <br /> The Incubus is a well-finished movie. It is tense, tight and even though most of the performances are very well done. I was fascinated by the dreams that Tim had, and I was eager to find out what significance they had for history and ultimately for the murders. But when you get through everything that was good in the movie, you're still left with the acute taste in your mouth. And bitter pills are always harder to swallow than sweet. <br /> <br /> 7 out of 10-- This could have been a nine. Too bad.
