If you ever have the chance to see Sandra Bernhard live personally, you better go ahead with the sweet. I saw her last year in Los Angeles at the opening of her All Bad and Beautiful tour, and I still can't believe I was in the first place and lucky enough to experience such a phenomenal show. She is now in New York with the show, and it coincides with the release of her groundbreaking stunner, "Without You I'm Nothing". We have lost Richard Pryor, Lenny Bruce, Nina Simone, but Sandra is still with us. Patti Smith is missing in action, but not Sandra. Barbara Streisand continues to throw her head out once for a while, but Sandra more than makes up for where Bab's leave. Okay, I want it known, Mrs Bernhard is a little bit of these influential entertainers and much more. I would really push this movie because of its truth, honesty, humor, eclectic songs (from Laura Nyro, Sylvester, Nina Simone, Prince) and a script that defines decadence, joy, sadness, up and downs in the 70s and the 80s. It is my opinion that many (and I think many) cartoons have lifted, okay completely stolen, so much from this show, if not from Sandra herself. I don't want to name names, but go ahead, people, you and I know who they are. See, the thing is, Bernhard plays according to his own rules. This movie, like her live performances, shows that she is a performer who has been true to the old school of show business, as well as pushing forward. Her performances are reminiscent of smoky jazz clubs (during Miles Davis, Coltrane, Monk), 70s television shows, intimate cabaret acts and concerts reminiscent of everyone from Judy Garland to Joan Jett. Most comedians couldn't even touch where Sandra comes from or goes to. So here I was a year ago to see Sandra at Silent Movie Theater, in total awe and joy. I wanted to meet her after the show, give her something that meant something to me, hopefully it would matter to her. But I listen to my copy of Giving To It Hurts, and just thanking her in a prayer, kind of to make me laugh, make me think, make me feel. You can't deny this lady's presence and you certainly can't deny the talent just rushing off the stage. She is still here, damn it, even after the release of you I am nothing 15 years ago. And she looks good by the way. I know the first time, went from the theater, said one audience to another: "She is so delicious .. and she still looks incredible !!! If you can't experience her alive, please watch this movie. that Sandra wants to see this. You have meant a lot to me, got me through some hard crazy times. If you can send me an email then you do it. If you do not know you are still kicking it out and will continue to do so is enough for me, come on, people, give it up to the lady !!!!
