"Pet Sematary" succeeds in two major situations. First, it's a scary horror movie. Those who just haven't been produced these days. Second, it is an emotional, smart movie in general. So if you are looking for chills, scares, creepy and visually stunning settings, great actors, dialects, and horrific effects; This is the movie you're looking for. A classic now and really a must see for any horror fan. <br /> <br /> Probably the best fit for any of the king's novels. The events feel a little hasty in relation to the novel, but that does not mean that this undervalued movie is not a complete horror / drama performance. <br /> <br /> Stephen King's novel is known to be very emotional and cruel at the same time. The film captures the same feeling primarily because there is a great character development and you can feel the loving relationship between its members. So when everything seems to be happiness (technically happy, because the title "Pet Sematary" doesn't give appiness!) A tragic event changes the movie's atmosphere, now it becomes very dark. The film has a vicious feeling since the opening credit, but after Gage is killed, the film becomes sad, crying and scary. Treating the loss of a baby's son is something that can ruin a family's entire life, and "Pet Sematary" proves it dramatically. The legend behind the pet seminar is more than a myth that no one will experience, but sadness and desperation lead an emotionally devastated father to give it a shot. Unfortunately, the game is real and baby Gage returns from the dead. The previous meeting with pet's semantic legend turned out to be a tragedy, but this time it is a lot, much worse. What will happen to life in our All American family? Could Pascow prevent this tragedy? What about the surreal nightmares? <br /> <br /> See "Pet Sematary" to witness one of the most touching, emotional Horror movies of recent times. You will not regret. The act is very good, though I did not dig the actor who portrayed the father. He didn't seem disturbed enough, as the situations demanded his desperation. But that's just my opinion. Denise Crosby really delivered a great performance and worked perfectly as the noble, tender mother. Baby Gage was amazing even on his scary parts. * Shivers *. All in all, this is a great classic of all time and a disturbing movie that touches people's deepest fears ... the loss of a person you love, the dead return to life and a sense of desperation. Something is for sure ... I will not be buried in an animal seminar !!
