"Pet Sematary" is an adaptation from the Stephen King novel with the same title. The story follows Creeds - an all-American middle-class family moving into a house in the country. The family consists of Louis and Rachel, and their two young children, Ellie and their young child, Gage. The house couldn't be better, and the family meets a strange but friendly old man, Jud, who lives across the road. He takes them down an old path into the forest one day when a pet's cemetery is located - filled with a large amount of animal dogs. And just outside it is a sacred Indian burial ground that seems to possess a strange power. When the family cat, the Church, is killed, Louis sees it well to bury him in the pet cemetery - and strangely, shortly after, the Church returns to life. But there is something bad about him now, he is not the same cat he used to be. And when a tragic accident kills young Gage, Louis decides to use the same concept in the hope of reviving his dead son ... unfortunately he gets more than he negotiates. <br /> <br /> Having read Stephen King's novel, I can say that the book is much better than the movie. Not to say that the film is bad because it is not - the book is just a little better. The real strength of this film lies in its history, which is both bizarre but extremely original, something the king's stories are typically known for. The script is very suitable from the story, and although it is less different in some aspects, it is a pretty good side-to-screen transformation. There are a few plot holes here and there, nothing bigger though. Besides, this movie is actually quite scary and it succeeds in doing so. There are some really disturbing scenes throughout the movie, and I have to say that the feedback sequence for Rachel's sister Zelda is number one. Honestly, it's one of the most obnoxious, disturbing things I've ever seen in a horror movie - it's not gory and bloody, it's just flat sick. One thing is for sure, that picture won't leave your head anytime. <br /> <br /> The show in this movie was quite close to each other and I really had no problem there. This movie is actually on the gory side, there are lots of unpleasant little sequences to please all the gore dogs out there, including the shock of an end. I really liked the way they ended up on the movie, it was suddenly and something unimaginable, but it worked better that way with all things. All in all, "Pet Sematary" is a good horror movie that I'd recommend to those who are fans of either Stephen King or just fans of the genre in general. History is the movie's greatest asset, and it is also a creepy one. One of the better Stephen King adjustments I want to say. 10.7.
