Louis Creed, a doctor from Chicago, moves to a large house near a small town when he is to teach classes in the University of Maine. Along with him are his wife Rachel and their two children, Ellie and Gage, as well as Ellie's cat, Church. Soon they met their new neighbor and the old man named Judd Crandall. Judd not only warns Louis and Rachel about the dangers that are the main road that runs past their house (it's constantly a way used by big trucks), but also shows to family a pet cemetery near their House. Judd starts talking about the importance of pet cemetery, but Rachel is opposed to talking about death and spirituality with her children when she has trauma from her sister Zelda's death. <br /> <br /> In the first week of family in the new house, Louis has already died people to handle: Victor Pascow, a student who has been badly injured in a car accident, addresses his dying words to Louis personally , although the two men are strangers. On the night after Pascow's death, Louis experiences what he thinks is a very vivid dream where he meets Pascow, who leads him to the pet cemetery and warns Louis not to "go beyond whatever you feel you need to." Louis wakes up in bed the next morning convinced that it was only a dream until he discovers his feet and the linens covered in dirt and pine trees. Anyway, he rejects the dream. Many strange things begin to happen, and the Church, Ellie's cat, dies while walking on the highway. Louis remains concerned about how to talk about the death of the Church with Ellie, but Judd, who sympathizes with him, takes Jud Louis to a pet cemetery that was to bury the church. But instead of stopping, Jud continues to Louis on a scary journey to "the real cemetery": an old burial site once used by Micmac ('... Indians ...'). There, Louis buries the cat after Judah's instruction, with Jud saying that animals buried there have returned to life. And this is where the real horror story begins ... <br /> <br /> I personally find this movie very good. It's not the most horrible of all, but it's one of the best horror movies I watched. The way Gage dies is almost impossible to remain in your memory, especially being a toddler. It's cool to see Stephen King's cameo as a funeral minister. <br /> <br /> Of course, there are some script errors: How can a rich doctor with two young children live in a place where there is a dangerous motorway near his house? How does Gage have no scratches or anything after being hit by a truck? Why does Louis continue to revive any member of his family knowing that they will all be like monsters? Such things have no meaning, but I can understand that all terrors must have some surreal ideas to work. A good thing I saw in this movie is the need to talk about death with the children, no matter what your religion or if you are an atheist, and also to avoid important issues does not help. When Louis was scared to be honest with Ellie, confronted her and said her cat would not be back again, all nightmare began.
