In the trivia section of Pet Sematary it is mentioned that George Romero (director of two Stephen King stories, Creepshow and The Dark Half) was put on direct and then pulled out. One wonders what he would have brought to the movie, as director Mary Lambert, not really a poor director, really brings so much imagination to this adaptation of King's novel that he wrote the manuscript. There are, of course, some very effective, grotesquely surrealistic scenes (mainly involving Sister Zelda, probably more of a crib for children if they see the movie), and the cast of some of the roles is dead-perfect. But there is perhaps something that is sometimes lacking, a kind of style that can correspond to the unmistakable royal atmosphere, which is then as morbid as you will come without incestuous cannibals rising from the tombs thrown in ( who knows if he wants to save it to his final novel ...) As mentioned, some of the castings are fantastic, especially Miko Hughes as Gage Creed, the little boy who goes from being one of the cutest little kids to this side of an 80's horror movie, to be a little monster (I say it as a compliment, of course especially in scenes that burn a particular scalpel). And there is also a juicy supportive role for Fred Gwynne from Munsters, who plays this old, secretive man with the right notes and submission. And applause goes to who made makeup at Andrew Hubatsek. But there are some other flaws in the second casting; Dale Midkiff is good, not great like the conflicted, disturbed father figure Creed, and his daughter Ellie is played by an actress who just didn't work for me. <br /> <br /> With regard to setting up some chilling set pieces, only a few really stand out: a certain plot-thickening moment (not to destroy, it involves a cool Ramones song) and the first visit to the pet the sematuer (the greater), including the kind of mysterious overtones that the king had in the skin. For the most part, it is a very polished steering wheel, although it could have been made even darker to match the script. If thought out in logical terms (albeit in King terms), it is truly one of his more effective works of the period. But it doesn't add as it might or should. Still, it makes for a beautiful little midnight movie.
