The title has many meanings - the boxing ring, where differences and complaints are fought, a wedding ring where Mabel feels trapped and Jack feels that his problems will be over and the cause of the hassle, a ringing bracelet that Bill gives Mabel as a love mark. <br /> <br /> Former professional boxer, Danish Carl Brisson, got his start in film by Alfred Hitchcock in "The Ring". A very young Ian Hunter, who continued to have such a long career in film, plays Bob Corby, who gets the eyes of a beautiful girl, Mabel (Lillian Hall Davis) at a fun fair. She happens to be engaged to "One Round" Jack Sander (Carl Brisson), but that doesn't stop her flirting with Bob. Bob is persuaded to go "a round" with Jack. He runs several rounds and wins - he is a professional boxer and he and his leader have come to the fair to find out if Jack is as good a fighter as they have heard. He offers to take Jack on and Jack goes out with his boorish trainer (the great Gordon Harker) to make his luck plan to marry Mabel when he does well. Jack wins his fight and marries Mabel the next day, but the deep attraction that she and Bob feel to each other is still there. Jack is suspicious and puts everything in his training so he can fight Bob for his wife. Finally a boxing movie where the hero does not get out of the rails - Bob behaves and does everything he can to be a champion - if only Mabel acted the same way !!! She has left him to Bob - and the battle at the end is a mighty one. It's intensely realistic - it captures the last 20 minutes of the movie. From being raw and enthusiastic, Jack is almost knocked out - then between rounds, reunited with Mabel, he gives the courage to win. The question is, why would he even have her back - from the start she did not think about starting an affair with Bob - why would she not do it again? <br /> <br /> The film is full of symbolism. Jack, shaking hands with the promoter, changes to Mabel's hands and accepts a bracelet from Bob. When Jack puts the ring on Mabel's finger, Bob's bracelet slips down on his arm. In the end, Jack Mabel's reflection in a ring water pail, and it gives him confidence to continue. This is an excellent movie that does not disappoint you. <br /> <br /> Recommended.
