I sometimes get tired of reading reviews of some of Hitchcock's lesser-known films, for just about every one starts with someone who says this movie is overlooked or it's a hidden Hitchcock gem or a real Hitchcock big or another generic - if - people - would - see - this - they - would - see - it - this - is - a - big - Hitchcock - movies - just - like - very - like - Vertigo - North - City - Northwest - Psycho - Back - Window - etc. So that said, I just want to say that if - only - people - would - see - this - they - would - see - it - this - is - a - big - Hitchcock - movie - straight - as - Very - as - Dizziness - North - City - Northwest - Psycho - Backside - Window etc. Now that can overshoot a little, The Ring is not on any stretch of the imagination even in the same league as any of these films mentioned twice above, but compared to the other films that Hitchcock made in late 1920's the early and early 1930s, I really think tha ring is one of the best photographed and performed movies by most of them. As an almost entirely new director, there are some amazing dream sequences and brilliant editing groups that show why Hitchcock generated so much attention early in his career. <br /> <br /> Gives the movie starting with, among other things, the very disturbing play of an idiot black circus performer (and I use the idiot in the final way Stephen King so often does) with eggs and fruit thrown at him of a crowd of not the most classic white people. I suppose this only illustrates how incredibly different such circuses and people were back then, but I think it's one of the most dissuasive sequences in any Hitchcock movie I've seen. The main attraction of the circus is a fighter who claims to be able to turn someone into a round, but when he meets his fight, it is against a man who challenges his authority not only in the boxing ring, but also in the ring around his wife's finger. Then, an entertaining, if not very tense, challenge begins for a woman's love, which seems to swing from one man to another effortlessly and thoughtlessly. <br /> <br /> (spoilers) For example, there is a scene where her husband looks from above as she is emptied at night and just before entering the building, she returns to the car for a kiss. This kiss is never explained, and it is also the fact that even at the end, when she appears faithful to her husband or at least ultimately he chooses, they look into each other's eyes, but do not actually kiss. <br /> <br /> The film is probably beautifully photographed, even more than several films released by Hitch in subsequent years. There is also a performance by Gordon Harker as One Round Jack's trainer, who in his rock faces expressionism reminds me of the brilliant Buster Keaton. Hitch leaves it a little ambiguous, but it is a good sample of his early work.
