The ring was made of the only manuscript that Hitchcock wrote himself and it does as many of his earliest images do, with a love triangle. At first glance, it looks like a more cynical update of Cecil B. De Mill's moral comedies, but more than that is the first really competent Hitchcock image. Although he did not yet use the ideas and motives for thrilling thrillers, he at least developed the tools that he could create excitement. In addition to being a student of the German expressionist style, the rhythmic editing style Sergei Eisenstein had had its influence on Hitchcock. But here he keeps pace not only with the edits, but with the image's content. This is evident from the opening shots, where spinning on the fairground rides brilliantly creates a smooth pace. And as Eisenstein does the editing mode seem to suggest sound? For example, when a split second shot of the bell ringing blinks in, we hear the sound almost unconsciously because the picture is so damaged. There is also a contrast, especially with silent films from the US, as the Ring is not messed up with too many title cards. As much as possible is conveyed by imagery, and Hitch has enough faith in the audience to either read or at least divert the meaning of the majority of the character's speech. And it's not done by constructed symbolism or overactive, it's done by getting the right angles and timing, especially with viewing angles, as well as some strong but subtle notions. Unfortunately, there are a few too many obvious expressionist entities (especially double exposures), many of which were unnecessary, but much less of this than there is in The Lodger. Let us make a few honorable remarks for the aforementioned actors. First up, the amazingly beautiful and very talented Carl Brisson starring. In spite of his talent, I was initially a little confused as to why he got the role, to be honest he looks more like a ballet dancer than a pugilist! But it just goes to show how much I know, as it turns out that Brisson was actually a former professional boxer and inexperienced in acting. Playing his rival is the competent Ian Hunter, who would continue to have a long career in supporting roles right up to the 60s. The most demanding role in The Ring must be the one given to Lillian Hall-Davis, torn between two lovers. She draws it very well though with an emotional, discreet performance, and it is a pity that her career never lasted in the sound. And last but not least, the great Gordon Harker gives some comic relief in what is probably his best ever role. <br /> <br /> The ring's climatic battle scene is among the most impressive moments in the stylish era of Hitchcock. Martin Scorcese may have watched The Ring as he directed battle scenes in Raging Bull when his saying for those scenes was "Stay inside the ring". The battle in The Ring starts with some fairly regular long shots, but when the action intensifies, Hitchcock falls right in the middle of it with close-ups and points of view. Hitchcock's goals always seem to have been involving his audience, and it was crucial in his later career where the secret to his success was often to immerse the viewer in the character's fears or paranoia. The ring really deserves more recognition than the inferior but better known The Lodger. It is a much more polished and professional work than the previous image, and probably the best of all its quiet features.
