/ * Small spoilers * / <br /> Way back before Evangelion was made before Hideaki Anno was an idol and household name for many anime fans, and before Gainax became a fan favorite, Gunbuster was made. With only the Wings of Honneamise made by Gainax at that time, and the famous Otakon shorts or course, Gunbuster had some tough actions to follow up. It did not make it easier for itself by selecting a genre that had already been performed numerous times before, space operation. <br /> <br /> Fortunately, Gainax decided to set it up as a six-part OAV (direct to video) series. This allows the series to have a greater extent than it would have been possible if it was made for a movie. This also prevents it from becoming too boring and too long, with lots of pointless battles and fillers along the way. In addition, they made a great effort to stay clear of the tested room mechanism used in Macross or Gundam, and many other popular space operations. For one, the shows are quite easy, with Noriko in Okinawa High School for mechapiloting. Noriko is the daughter of a respected master who died in battle when she was still a young child. This makes her life at the academy quite tough, as some of her colleagues begin to suspect that Noriko is favored by the professors. The first episode is basically a comedy drama, with a very close focus on the school's characters and attitude. Things are changing fast when the threat of a foreign invasion is announced, and Noriko and Kazumi (best girl in the class) are chosen to help the overall fleet out. <br /> <br /> The middle mass of Gunbuster leaves our female leadership in space, focusing on both personal drama and action. A few more characters are introduced and parts of Noriko's past are withdrawn. In addition, the alien threat becomes more imminent every minute, and Gunbuster, the ultimate hope of humanity, is presented. Smart as author Okada, he incorporated the principles of time extension to spice things up a bit. In short, the time is slower for those traveling at the speed of light. This means that Noriko can be part of a war that takes almost a century to complete. Also the dramatic aspect of this is accentuated when Noriko again sees her friends on her back to the base, which has lived significantly more than her. Science may not be perfect, but it is presented in a fairly credible way, with even some SD science theater shorts between the episodes, where Noriko, Kazumi and their trainer briefly describe the scientific principles used in the series. /> <br /> The animation, for a series made in the 80s, is certainly good. The designers are of course the retro 80s style, but it has its charm. The animation is fluid enough and the drawn design is great, although the costumes traitor <br /> <br /> some of the fan service fascination Gainax will later fully exploit. Mechas throughout the show are also pretty cool, with Gunbuster as the ultimate killer, strong and big. The last episode was completely finished in black and white. While it is generally believed (but not confirmed) that this was made for budgetary reasons, it gives a completely different atmosphere to the series, which fits perfectly with the latter. The music is very typical room opera fair. Too bombastic in places, very generic, and definitely not worth buying. It suits most of the series, but it can sometimes be quite annoying. Tanaka is not really a famous composer, and the only other respectable series he has worked on is Dragon Half. If you think of the 80's anime music, you will know what to expect. <br /> <br /> As the series progresses, the focus slowly changes from drama to space operation to epic battle, but in such a way the viewer can hardly feel this. Step by step, drama will be toned down and the battles will take the front row. No aspect has ever been left out completely. With the last episode in sight, Noriko and the crew are fighting for the further existence of human nature, and with the final battle in sight, some questions are raised to the public about the situation of humanity in the galaxy and how far it can go to ensure self-preservation. While they are never answered later, they still present some interesting food for thought. The last episode is very epic, with a good but fairly predictable ending, although not all conclusions must contain many incredible phrases of course. Again it fits the series. Gunbuster can sound like your average space opera anime with alien invasions, big battles and some personal dramas, and most of it is. But that is very good for a change. Instead of going to a stable mix of past elements, six episodes long, Gunbuster presents us a change from scaled-down drama to large-scale epic heroism. Along the way, we meet with some different interesting and well-executed characters, which mutual relationships change greatly due to the time expansion phenomenon. The show is very closely written, although it usually slips up on some points. Too dramatic events and cheesy mecha attacks could have been easily avoided. Overall, the tour takes you on a very relaxed, sometimes sad, sometimes sometimes heroic. It could not have destroyed the boundaries and limits of the space opera genre, but at least bend them a little. Very enjoyable anime classic, but not without errors. <br /> <br /> *** / *****
