I consider myself to be the # 1 fan of Hidden Frontier, as I am among a small group of fans who have actually met most of these guys - yes, not counting conventions, of course. I have been looking at Hidden Frontier since 2001 and I have to say that I continue to be impressed by what these guys have come up with. <br /> <br /> Hidden Frontier is the brain school of Rob Caves and his self-study studio, Area Pictures, which operates out of the back house of his house. Although it is not as "fancy" as for example. The TOS-based series New Voyages (which sometimes get some of the actors / authors of the original series, such as Walter Koenig, aka Mr. Chekov), Rob and HF's cast and crew manage to create a series worth replacing it horrible experiment we called "Enterprise". The most controversial and successful arc of history has been the introduction of Star Trek's first open-gay character, Corey Aster (who was introduced in the second season) and his quest to find a soul collector. Somewhere later in the series he meets Jorian Zen, Excelsior's Trill Helm Officer. In the latest stories with these two characters (WARNING: GREAT SPOILS! Don't read if you haven't seen the series up to this point!), Zen is connected to a cursed symbiont that causes a great change and some conflict in his relationship to Aster. Although the future is uncertain - as the latest episode, Beachhead, was shown to HF fans in the chat room last night - I think this relationship will endure but only time will tell. <br /> <br /> Gene Roddenberry created Star Trek with the intention that history should be more about his characters rather than flashy spaces. Rob Caves created Hidden Frontier for the same reason - and that's what made this series as popular as it is. As the previous comment said, I wish I could give it a rating higher than 10, but that should suffice. Although next season will be the last - in the tradition of seven season shows started by Star Trek: The Next Generation - I'm willing to bet we'll hear a lot about Hidden Frontier after the last episode.
