As a fan of author John le Carre, I have slowly worked through both his books and their adaptations. I found this 1987 adaptation of le Carre's masterpiece at my local library and sat down to see what I wanted to know what to expect. I was surprised to find that my expectations were exceeded in these mini-series, a fine cross between a spy thriller and a human drama. <br /> <br /> Peter Egan gives a great performance like Magnus Pym, the perfect spy of the title. On the long tradition of le Carre's strong protagonists, Pym may also be the best. Egan plays Pym (who actually contains many shades of author le Carre) as a man who forced to spend his entire life lying and betraying sometimes out of circumstances and other times just to survive with the consequence that he becomes "a perfect spy". Egan plays Pym to perfection as a man always on the run, if not from others than from himself. Egan alone makes the six or so hours in these miniseries worth seeing from his performance alone. <br /> <br /> Surronding Egan is a great supporting cast. Ray McAnally gives one of his finest performances when Pym's king, Rick, who (as Le Carre has said) is based strongly on the author's own father. McAnally plays a man who comes in and out of Pym's life and is one of those responsible for Pym becoming "a perfect spy". In fact, if it wasn't for McAnally's performance a year after this in A Very British Coup, this would be the best performance of his unfortunately for short-term career. The rest of the support is also excellent. From Caroline John as Pym's mother to Alan Howard as his spy mentor to Rüdiger Weigang as the young Pym's friend became the controversy of Jane Booker as Pym's wife, supporting caste is amazing. Particularly mentioned are the three young actors who played the younger Pym (Jonathan Haley, Nicholas Haley and Benedict Taylor) who set up the young man who would be the man played as well. By Peter Egan. <br /> <br /> The miniseries production values ​​are also strong. As the miniseries adaptations of Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy and Smilys people showed that these stories can only be told in miniature format. The location is excellent from the English sites to those scattered across Eastern Europe and the US, as well as setting off Chris Edwards. The cinematography of Elmer Cossey adds an extra layer of realism to the miniseries world. But the highlight of the miniseries is really the script. <br/> <br /> Screenwrtier Arthur Hopcraft tackled the job of aligning the six hundred or so page novel well. The novel was largely (at least in its early parts) autobiographical in that Pym's early life repeated much of John le Carre's life. The script for this miniseries is no exception as it tracks the development of Magnus Pym from young boy to "a perfect spy". Never once did the miniseries deviate from its purpose of telling a fine human drama in the context of the espionage world. If you ever want to prove that a spy thriller can be tense and fascinating without having a gunfight, fist fight or James Bond style cargo, it would be the proof. While the miniseries are six plus hours long, it never lets go for a moment, and that's better for it. Although it may be far for some for those who do not have very short attention span here is a must see. From the performance of Peter Egan and Ray McAnally to fine production values ​​and a fine literary script, A Perfect Spy is one of the finest miniseries to expect to see. It's a fascinating trip into the history of the Cold War, but it's more than that. It is also a walk down what John le Carre has called "the secret road": The path of the spy spies on the man to lie and betray to survive. As much as a human drama as a spy thriller A Perfect Spy must not be missed.
