Tarzan and his friend (1934) were the only Tarzan movie I didn't see when I was a kid. It sounded boring. Now I've seen it. I've seen the monkey man (1932) about a hundred times, and I keep a copy on my drive. It's a remarkable movie. It's almost flawless. However, Tarzan and his friend (1934) fall. It's not harmonious, and it's parts that tend to live their own lives. Parts themselves are often very good, and the action sequences are great. Big budget expensive. Tarzan himself is co-starring. Jane dominates She has evolved and become a jungle girl so sexy I usually forget about criticism and sing her praise instead. Well. She let her be tamed by a crock stealing a kiss from her and later killing an elephant. She insists Tarzan on wearing a bracelet belonging to her father. Forever. The case would split the moment he went about his businesses in the jungle. Stupid? Later you find it in the river. Now it must prove that Tarzan is dead. Some cheap dramas. The crocks who have an obvious interest in a dead Tarzan convince Jane that he's gone. She takes their word for granted and wants to be taken away (to England). Stupid Jane seems to have forgotten how hard Tarzan is, how hard he is to kill. The caravan leaves and Jane joins. Again and pothole. She could easily make the caravan a few hours or more to pick up a few things and say goodbye to the jungle and her dead husband. She could be smart. She could dive where they found the floating bracelet, checking the banks for tracks. She can fire in 15 seconds and swing in Liana. Trace retrieval should not be too difficult for jungle jungle. She could talk to the monkeys and so on. If she comes home to England without doing it, she will be miserable. Jane is smart, but cheap drama brings her down. And why on earth she lets the kissing hunter get away with "I blame myself as much as you do". A punishment for being wing maybe? Nonsense. Struggle, a hard blow and the story of Tarzan would be appropriate. Still. This film is far from bad, though the holes are many and sometimes deep. Just sit back and enjoy. It's Tarzan and Jane for God's sake.
