A year after losing beautiful Jane Parker (Maureen O'Sullivan) to love rival Tarzan, hunter Harry Holt (Neil Hamilton) returns to the jungle to get another bash to win the brunette baby's heart. Blending business with pleasure, he also plans to grab ivory from the elephant cemetery, which is located outside the Mutia barracks, Tarzan's stomping. <br /> <br /> Accompanied by his slimy, female pal Martin Arlington and a group of consumables carriers, Harry finally reaches his destination (narrowly avoiding death in the hands of wild native and stinging monkeys) to find out only because Jane is still treacherous with her muscular yodelles, and worse still, Tarzan refuses to let the hunters take ivory from the cemetery. Nasty Arlington decides to resolve cases by preventing and shooting the monkey man and then telling Jane and Holt that Tarzan was attacked and eaten by a crocodile. Of course, Tarzan is not dead, only wounded; After being the nurse of Cheetah (!), he swings back to action just in time to save Jane from a strain of vicious lion-eating savage that has attacked Holt's expedition. <br /> <br /> Tarzan and his companion, the second film to star Weismuller as the jungle man of few words, are often cited by fans as the best of the series; Although I prefer the original, I can certainly understand the popularity of the movie: it's wonderfully sexy, and there are some good action sequences! The undeniable chemistry between Weismuller and O'Sullivan is fabulous and leads to some pretty steaming scenes, and with both stars wearing ensy-weensy outfits all the way through, eye-candy is aplenty for viewers of both sexes to enjoy (despite O ') Sullivan's very pointed underwater naked scene is actually performed by a body-double, the lovely lass still shows lots of skin, even threatening to make a 'Sharon Stone' at a time when her linen cover flaps to one side!). <br /> <br /> The most exciting moments of the movie come in the form of a wonderful underwater battle between Tarzan and a crocodile and the spectacular final, where Jane is attacked by lions and natives, but is rescued by her beau, his monkey and one Lots of elephants in full-on-lion crushing mode (once again, the violence is surprisingly unpleasant at times, although I'm not as shocking as the evil pygmies and their gorilla pit from the first movie). Cheetah also has its fair share of excitement, dodging rhinos, crocs and big cats running on the Tarzan back as he crosses a river and even jumps on an ostrich for a ride. As it is predecessor, Tarzan and his companion suffer from some bad effects and inconsistent props. Dodgy back projection, a couple of ridiculous monkey costumes, several Indian elephants masquerading as their African cousins ​​and badly disguised trapeze swings ?? But these should not spoil your enjoyment of this very entertaining movie. If that's something, they make it even more fun! <br /> <br /> 8.5 out of 10, rounded up to 9 for IMDb.
