I have the entire Weissmuller Tarzan series on DVD (fully restored versions) and I never tolerate seeing them. My personal favorite is "Tarzan and his friend", entirely (well almost entirely) to Maureen O'Sullivan's costume and occasionally flashing off her genital area under the leather flap hanging from the front. Before anyone claims that A - It wasn't really her, or B - It wasn't true how it looks, let me say I've seen it many times in high zoom mode and trust me ... it's her, and she is completely naked under that costume ... several times, especially during the lion attack at the end, careful display in slow motion and maximum zoom will reveal that she was shaved apart from a small patch of dark hair covering her labia. .. There is no fault at all. If the swim scene is a body double in a "skin" suit, yes, it is a double, but she carries no "skin" clothes or anything ... again shows slow motion and maximum zoom for those who want to see it now , the controversy out of the way, let's move on the actual movie ... I thought the manuscript was really well thought out and written properly ... The action sequences were simply great, although of course it is a stuntman who drives the rhino, Weissmuller actually wrestles the big male lion ... The use of background images that were other unit products from Africa is very well mixed with the studio and American places, which sometimes makes it hard to see, which is what. However, do not complain too much, but remember that 90% of ALL movies are creepy anyway, so just relax and enjoy the damn thing with a large bowl of popcorn, a little cold beer and a fresh pack of smoke ... a sexy and willing girlfriend / wife is not out of line either ... lol. Oh ... A final word on nudity ... in the beginning, while the white hunters talk, watch the backdrop ... there are several good shots of naked African girls (of course shot on the spot) behind them. One thing is that the film is not racist compared to the 1930s to the 1960s ... that was the way colored people were thought of and portrayed then. Shaft had not even been thought of at that time, nor would the audience have accepted other ideas about them at the time of history. Safaris actually used natives with luggage upside down ... and Tiny's character died a heroic death trying to rescue the white hunters and Jane. In fact, it was only until Gene Autry treated the native Americans and colored people in his western countries as real people that Hollywood began to see that it was okay to do so.
