"Tarzan and his friend", the second of MGM's Tarzan images, record a year after the events "Tarzan the Ape Man". Tarzan and Jane have lived happily in the jungle, and Harry Holt (one of the first film expeditions) returns, this time accompanied by the less than honored Martin Arlington, in search of ivory from the cemetery. Of course, a number of dangerous and exciting adventures take place along the way. <br /> <br /> The first movie romanticized everything - the jungle, the adventure, the romance itself, wild animals and even death. The other movie still has a great romance and many amazing action sequences, but a more serious tone is under the action. The characters would like to ask questions such as: What if something happened to Tarzan? What would Jane do if she were stranded by herself in the middle of the jungle and she had to cope? Though it is probably the questions that real people will ask in this situation, it creates some degree of gloom that is not always as fun as the original caste-cautious-to-wind attitude. <br /> <br /> One of the most enjoyable aspects of this movie is the growth we see in Tarzan and Jane's relationship. Tarzan still speaks very broken English, but he has clearly learned a few new words from his friend. In addition, their love for each other has really blossomed and we feel they have spent a year together in the jungle. Most people consider "Tarzan and his Mate" superior to the original "Tarzan the Ape Man". Personally, I liked the first movie just a little better. The main reason is that the relationship between Harry Holt and the Martin Arlington team is not nearly as good as Holt's relationship with James Parker (Jane's father) from the original. Mr. Arlington's character could have worked as a big movie villain, but he plays the hero for too much of the movie. The movie can never decide if we want him or hate him. (I don't want to give anything away either, but in one of the scenes where we clearly hate him, Jane never finds out of those events, so the ending isn't quite as satisfying as it could have been.) However, all these critics are relatively small and it is still a good movie. As the first movie, "Tarzan and His Mate" have amazing action scenes, wonderful wildlife footage and one of the screen's all-time greatest romances. If you liked the first movie in the series, it's definitely a sequel to see.
