This wonderfully directed fantasy is the second in the popular of the defective Tarzan series released by MGM. It is a first-class adventure for many reasons, I suggest - fine photography, strong imaginative qualities, a lovely cast, good simulated jungle sites and a very exciting story. Johnny Weissmuller plays Tarzan, a mono-syllabic unututored variety, unlike Edgar Rice Burrough's creation; but he is honest, loyal, brave and very brave, and he must be under this narrative. Like Jane Parker, his wife who had been Jane Porter in novels, Maureen O'Sullivan is very attractive and lively, as well as athletic where the script requires this quality. The effect of the lighting, the spacious and clever sets is quite unusual. This is an outdoor adventure filmed on MGM back lot that really works. The amazing Mutir Escarpment is a remote control that allows Tarzan and Jane to live undisturbed; But in their idyll, people who search for them come from a civilization that Jane has left and in which Tarzan could not really be comfortable. One is Harry Holt, still in love with her, who with her friend tempts her to return to civilization with him; Dress and perfume interest her, but she refuses to leave Tarzan. Tarzan must protect her against several wild animals in scenes similar to a humanized king's king. The group claims to want to hunt animals, and Tarzan agrees with Jane's guilt in a little big game catch; but at some point transform the idea of ​​ivory and to achieve a fortune the expedition's heads. Tarzan is shot, left for death; and the group forces Jane to accompany them on an expedition as they follow a dying elephant to the amazing "elephant cemetery". But they find the area preserved by a wild tribe and attacked by lions. Tarzan rides on an elephant, he has revived in time to call; In a most spectacular elephant-filled scene, he saves Jane and what's left of the expedition that returns home a little richer but very wise as Jane continues her missing idyll with her new husband. The film was directed by the set-design wizard Cedric Gibbons, and quite beautiful too. His work and lighting are the excellent results of this entertaining and exciting film, which manages to work properly despite all its Hollywood shortcomings from start to finish. Neil Hamilton is a very good Harry, Paul Cavanagh is even better before and after he reveals to be thoroughly poor. Forrester Harvey and Nathan Curry rounded out a small roll very professionally. An unusual and charitable fantasy film with interesting situations and some strong dialogue confrontations. Recommended.
