When I was a kid, it was Lex Barker's time as Tarzan. I have often heard from older people that Johnny Weissmuller "was" Tarzan, and I wouldn't understand why since I saw a couple of Weismuller's last movie in the character, and I thought he was kind of out of shape. It wasn't after many years, I came across "Tarzan and his friend", and then I understood. Whey rolls are in shape in this image and have presence and robust appearance, the character requirements are not yet matched by other Tarzans such as Barker, Gordon Scott, Jock Mahoney, Denny Miller, Miles O'Keefe and Cristopher Lambert. <br /> <br /> With regard to this film, I was also surprised by the sensual presence of beautiful Maureen O'Sullivan, a strong, self-conscious, active and "non-inhibiting" woman like Jane well ahead of the times when the film was made (Tarzan pushes her into a lady who is naked when she is entertained, one of the explorer kisses her on surprise and even if she does not kiss him back, so he let him do a little and do nothing out of it); Such behaviors were unthinkable with "Janes" coming as Brenda Joyce, Vanessa Brown, Virginia Huston or Dorothy Hart. Everyone plays for some perfect vulnerable women who make it hard to believe they could survive in a hostile place like the African jungle. The O'Sullivan character's sparkling personality steals the show out of Tarzan himself, except of course, when it comes to action, and Wismuller takes the lead easily; The combination is perfect. Another highlight of the film is Cheetah's secondary role and not as the lead as in later Tarzan images, where she often saves the day. "Tarzan and his friend" stand as a fine product in their genre (Tarzan film) and perhaps as the best, although I must admit that I also enjoyed "Taran's greatest adventure" (1959) made with a higher budget and a a strong source of support (and despite the just acceptable Gordon Scott in the leading role with his overly perfect "gym" physical appearance that does not fit a rustic monkey man). <br /> <br /> Good to Jane and her friend!
