Well, I had heard from a place that Ossessione is a precursor to the Italian movie genre, and especially my favorite, "Giallo" ... but actually, except that this is a thriller made in Italy; the two have virtually no relation. In the sixties and seventies, Italian filmmakers would turn to a reputation for tearing off almost every successful American film released. They haven't done this, but Ossessione follows almost the same story as the later American movie 'The Postman Always Rings Twice' without giving the book's author James M. Cain as much as a credit! Nevertheless, the plot focuses on Gino Costa, a beautiful drive that randomly stumbles into a cafe where a woman named Giovanna Bragana works. He soon learns that she is married to Giuseppe; a great fat annoying man that Giovanna can't stand to even touch her. He wants the couple to run away, but she is not so keen on the idea. But fate ends up intervening, and her plan to have her husband murdered succeeds ... <br /> <br /> Despite the movie losing some credibility for not crediting the author whose story it is based on , it should be said that director Luchino Visconti implements the film noir style well, and somehow I even prefer the atmosphere of this movie to some of the larger American noir classics. The story is as you expect extremely strong, and Visconti manages to draw good ideas out of his cast. Visconti pulls the film a little too much, but with a maturity of almost 135 minutes, I felt that the story was too thin to justify this kind of length. I feel almost guilty of smoothing out all this criticism at Ossessione, as it's a good movie, but it's not a "big" movie. The relationship between the two key characters is never really explored correctly, and it looks as if the film is more eager to distract us from it than let us into the characters' heads. There is not much mystery to the plot, as we almost always know what's going on, and don't always focus on the characters themselves; the movie is not as interesting as it could have been. Still, it gives an interesting view and comes recommended for that reason ... although it is not as good as the 1946 version of the same James M. Cain classic.
