Ruth Snyder - Judd Gray's 1927 murder inspired Ogden Nash to write a Broadway game called Machinal. More famously, it inspired James M. Cain to write two short novels that anyone who has actually reached the point of reading this review would be familiar with - double taxation and the postman always calling twice. Both became filmmakers from the 1940s, double redemption is undoubtedly the most perfect noir ever made. Some of the real elements of the Snyder-Gray story were captured by Cain - the age and indifference of Albert Gray, Ruth's high sex drive, Ruth and Judd's passionate affair and compassion in the murder and the famous double-insurance insurance clause. Missing elements contained the fact that the actual setting was a very urban Manhattan - Albert Snyder is a respected newspaper editor. The many incompetent and unsuccessful attempts were also ignored to cut the hunt. <br /> <br /> Cains Double Indemnity was filmed perfectly by Billy Wilder - let's ignore Stanwick's ridiculous wig as one of the interesting accidents in filmlore! Postman Always Rings Twice, was filmed three times, and Ossessione, an Italian version and Luchino Visconti's first film, was the first of three versions. Before I comment on that, I would recommend Lana Turner - the John Garfield version of 1946 in its entirety and five minutes of the 1981 Jack Nicholson - Jessica Lange version for the big sex scene on the dining table. <br /> <br /> Ossession is not as noirish as Postman always calls twice. It has a strong neo-realistic look that makes it a good movie, but many of the essential noir elements are missing. It does not have low key lighting and unconventional camera angles. The dialogue is not cooked and instead the film concentrates more on characterization. This is the longest version of the story and goes deep into characterization. It is also much more sexual than the Lana Turner version. We have a very obviously unfaithful relationship and Giovanna is clearly a nymphomaniac. A new character is introduced in the story - La Spagnola - with very obvious homosexual overtones. There is also a small but very successful role for a dancer, as a moonlight as a prostitute. <br /> <br /> This is a far greater study of the working class than crime. The audience really gets the feeling of poverty and dirt. Drifter is a complete tramp, the wife is no Lana Turner and may even have been a prostitute before marriage. Her husband is an indecent capitalist - overweight, rude and arrogant. I think the casting was brilliant for this movie. My only beef is with the long running time. Everything has been pulled out too long and it would have been more effective if it had been more economical. Nevertheless, fans of noir and realism will surely like Ossessione as I did.
