With Iphigenia, Mikhali Cacoyannis is perhaps the first film director to have successfully brought the feel of ancient Greek theater on display. His own manuscript, an adaptation of Euripide's tragedy, was far from easy compared to the other two films in the trilogy he instructed. The story has been carefully deconstructed from Euripides' version and placed in a logical, strictly chronological framework that better matches the modern methods of film-historical narrative. Cacoyannis also added some characters to his film, which does not appear in Euripide's tragedy: Odysseus, Calchas and the army. This was done to clarify some of Euripide's points of war, church and government. Finally, Cacoyannis' Iphigenia ending is somewhat ambiguous compared to Euripides. <br /> <br /> The film was shot on the spot at Aulis. The director of photography, Giorgos Arvanitis, shows us a robust but beautiful Greece, where the homeric daytime seems to have stood still. He exploits the organs, the dry land, the ruins, the intense light and the darkness. The hardness of the landscape is particularly suitable for the souls of the people. The camera uses the full range of images available, from very long to enhance the magnificence and desolation of the landscape, as well as the human scale involved, to the extreme close-ups, dissects, and probes deep into the soul of the afflicted. In particular, the opening of the film with a bold accelerating track along a line of stranded boats, followed by an aerial view of the thousands of soldiers loosely stranded on the beach, opens up a very effective means of communicating Agamemnon's amazing political and military responsibilities. <br /> <br /> No word but "sublime" can describe the amazing performances of the Costa Kazakos (Agamemnon), Irene Papas (Clytemnestra) and Tatiana Papamoschou (Iphigenia). Kazakhstan and Papas embody the classical Greek tragedy sublimity. Kazakh's character is extremely down to earth, and his powerful look into the camera, more than his words, reveals the incredible pain that tears his soul. Irene Papas is the modern quintessence of classic Greek plays. In Iphigenia, she is horrible in her anxiety, and even more so for what we know will be her revenge. Tatiana Papamoskou, in her first role on the screen, is excellent in her portrayal of the innocent Iphigenia, in contrast to Kazakos' hardest depiction of his father, Agamemnon. <br /> <br /> Cacoyannis is true to Euripides in his representation of the other characters: Odysseus is a blurred, schematic politician, Achilles, a vain narcissist warrior, Menalaus self-centered, obsessed with his honor, eager to be asserted and getting his wife and property restored. <br /> Costumes and sets are realistic: no Hollywood there. Agamemnon's quarters resemble a barn, like the others, in a utilitarian, hand-woven, simple rug. Clytemneste's royal caravan is made of coarse-haired wooden carriages. <br /> <br /> The music is by the productive modern music composer Mikis Theodorakis. Theodorakis' score intensifies the dramatic and cinematic unfolding, reflecting the psychological aspect of the tragedy and emphasizing its dimensions and timeliness. <br /> <br /> This film and the story tell a significant insight into the ancient world lost world Greek thought it was the melting pot of so much of our modern civilization. It teaches us a lot about ourselves as individuals and as social and political creatures. Euripides questions the value of war and patriotism as they are measured against the simple virtues of family and love and reflect the woman's vulnerable position in a world of male violence. In his adaptation of Euripides' tragedy, Cacoyannis regains all of these themes in a modern, clear and dramatic way. <br /> <br /> Relationships between political machinations have been clearly demonstrated: war destroys and destroys the human soul to such an extent that neither the individual nor the group can function normally anymore. With the possible exception of Menelaus, whose honor has been honored by his wife's elopement with his lover, everyone else has his own private motivation to go to war with Troy, who has nothing to do with Helen: the thirst of power (Agamemnon) , greed (army, Odysseus) or glory (Achilles). And then in reality, Helen WMD became the Trojan War. The war, which was removed by all homeric glamor and religious sanction, was just an imperial venture, primarily caused by the desire for material gain, everything else being an appropriate pretext. Another conflict raised in the film is that between the church and the state. Calchas, representing the Church, feels the challenge to his priestly authority and wants to destroy Agamemnon for the insult to the goddess he serves, telling him to sacrifice his daughter. Upon consent to the sacrifice, the king comes closer to his moral undoing, but by denying him he loses his power over the masses (his army) who are brainwashed by religion. Of course it is for Agamemnon a game. The king must go with the charade, whether he honestly believes in the gods or not, until he understands late that he has longed to commit a contemptible filicide. Is it a victim or a murder, and how can we tell the difference between the two? By focusing on the violent and primitive horror of a human victim - and worst of all, the victim's own child - Euripides / Cacoyannis creates a drama that is immediately deeply political and agonizing personally. It touches on a most complex and delicate ethical problem facing every society: the serious conflict between the needs of the individual and society. However, in the case of Iphigenia, the father, as in the biblical narrative of Abraham and Isaac, is asked to kill his own child alone. What kind of God will insist on such payment? Can it be fair or moral, though divinely inspired? Finally, does her daughter's offspring differ from all sons and daughters sent to war, deaths? These are many deep questions raised by a two-hour movie.
