The release of TARZAN THE APE MAN, in 1932, caused a sensation. It can be hard to believe 70 years later, but the movie had much of the same kind of influence as MATRIX, or Lord of the Rings, at a time when movies and radio were the main sources of entertainment. Tarzan became an instant pop icon, the "noble savage" that every woman fantasized about, and everyone wished he could be. The only person dissatisfied with the situation was Edgar Rice Burroughs, who, while accepting MGM's creative freedoms and enjoying his fierce royalty controls, felt the "dumbed-down" version of his character (without any plans to let him ") grow ") was unfaithful to his vision (he wanted to start a production company and soon make his own Tarzan films). MGM, who understands the value of the latest "star", knew that the sequel should be even more spectacular than the original ... and Tarzan and his mate delivered! <br /> <br /> The movie had an interesting back story; Cedric Gibbons, MGM's legendary art director, had been given a commitment from the studio to lead the sequel prior to the release of TARZAN THE APE MAN, despite having never been before (the study did not expect the film's influence and did not believe that a novice director would mean a lot of a 'news' movie ... and they wanted to keep their Oscar-winning department head happy. Gibbons, an amazingly talented and imaginative artist, loved the precious code of Hollywood's freedom and decided to have TARZAN AND HIS MATE 'push the envelope' to the limit ... Tarzan and Jane would boast a naked swim and Jane would think TOPLESS most of the movie. Maureen O'Sullivan said in an interview just before her death in 1998 that while a double was used for swimming, she relied on the studio and did a few days to record the senses top ... but it also got a lot of headache trying Strategically placing plants and fruit to block her nipples, and the idea was abandoned (the movie shot these days would be worth a blast!) She made a nude silhouette scene in a tent, flashing her breasts at the end of her 'swimming' and donned a revised "jungle" costume that was extremely provocative, very thin and open on the pages ... and the resulting outbreak would help "create" the Hays Office and the self-censorship that would soon engulf the whole industry. <br /> <br /> MGM gave Gibbons out of production (the official rationale was his workload as art director), and veteran Jack Conway was listed as the new director to appease critics ... even though James C. McKay actually directed the movie, which Conway was busy with 3 other projects in Cliffing VIVA VILLA! <br /> <br /> The movie incorporated the best elements of the original (safaris, murderous tribes, Tarzan fighting jungle animals to death to save Jane), and actually improved on the story. Harry Holt (Neil Hamilton), from the first film, returns to Africa for ivory from the 'Elephant's Cemetery' and tries to seduce Jane to return to England with gifts of silk dresses, underwear and perfumes. He brings with him Martin Arlington (Paul Cavanagh), a blast shot and annoying womanizer who sneaks over Holt's chivalry hunt for Jane and stalkes her as a potential 'conquest' to be had in any way (including killing Tarzan if and when he can get away with it without being seen). <br /> <br /> Tarzan hardly tolerates burglary in his happy life with Jane and puts his foot down and refuses to let the hunters into the cemetery. Arlington finds his ability to catch Ape Man alone and shoot him, then he returns to the camp with a fabricated story of his death. Now Jane has no reason to remain in the jungle, and she can refer them to the cemetery before her long journey back to England, comforted by the otherwise so sympathetic Arlington. But a wild tribe and fierce torture await the group ... can Tarzan become ill for his health by his monkey family? Restore in time to save Jane? <br /> <br /> While stock footage is again widely used, the racial stereotypes of the 30s are evident and the gorillas are, of course, actors in monkey suits, TARZAN AND HANS MATE achieve a degree of sophistication unsurpassed in any other Tarzan movies, as well as a sexiness that even Bo Derek's obvious erotic TARZAN, APE MANEN couldn't touch. Johnny Weissmuller was in top condition, physically Maureen O'Sullivan was never more beautiful, and "Africa" ​​never looked more romantic and dangerous. TARZAN AND HIS MATE was a triumph (though it would have been drastically edited for many years) and remains the classic of the series to this day!
