This film is a ripoff of James Cain's novel, THE POSTMAN ALWAYS RINGS TWICE. Apparently, the Director-General and the producer have never bothered to pay for the rights to this story - perhaps the fact that we were in the middle of fighting the Italians in World War II, might say they forgot to consider royalties! Despite this, the film is not really just an Italian version of the Hollywood movie. In some ways it is much better, and in other ways it is certainly not. <br /> <br /> The three key characters of this movie are really pretty ugly people. In fact, the male and female lovers are a bit icky-looking. The male lead is quite common except for his lavish body hair (especially on the back and shoulders) and his lady love is, to put it honestly, unattractive. They are a very very long scream from Lana Turner and John Garfield in the Hollywood version. And the bad man is really, very obese and loves to go around shirtless - and his counterpart in the American movie, Cecil Kellaway is definitely better (and certainly better than the other two Italian drivers actually). And this unattractiveness is generally a reason why I actually preferred the Italian movie - since I just couldn't imagine a fine "bowl" like Lana Turner in the middle of nowhere married to Kellaway - I'm 100% sure that she would have had dozens of better deals! While the Italian wife could not have done much better, the marriage did indeed make it credible. Part of the Italian film's credibility comes from the dumb way it handles sex. The sanitized American movie tries to make you believe that even though Turner and Garfield kill Kellaway, they never come to sex! This is quite stupid and completely unrealistic. In addition to the laid-back sexuality of the movie, it is also quite coincidental to show the seamless side of life - with lots of sweaty people, a flyer that hangs over the kitchen table, and everyone seemed to need a bath. <br /> <br /> The film is also quite fast compared to that of long American movies. And what you get because of shortness is not all good. The film lacks much of the American film's style and polishing - with grained recordings, relatively poor orchestration and sets. It's probably not a beautiful movie, but the neo-realistic-like style makes the movie seem more realistic. But it cannot compensate for the short cuts in the plot. Many of the plate elements in the later American version are either completely or glossed over. And the end seems much less interesting than the American film - and misses the whole human nature's dilemma when Turner and Garfield turn on each other as rats (the best part of the American movie). <br /> <br /> So what is the better movie? Well much depends on you. For me, Warner Brothers movie was simply too polished and too unrealistic (though many like this style and don't like watching movies with subtitles) - but it packed a great ending. And the Italian film was much, much more realistic - until the crazy ending seemed premature. So neither movie is exactly big, but I want to give my nod to the Italian a bit better. It's too bad that they couldn't have combined the best elements of both movies into an extraordinary movie.
