The audience today will probably see a movie as Ossessione and not really considering how unprecedented it was in the time it came out. The film's structure really differs from sap-happy Hollywood conventions ?? and other great theatrical elements. It relies more on portraying reality in a very gloomy and sober light. Movies of this kind - neo-realistic movies - were made to reflect the darkness felt during post-second world war times. Ossessione handles some just provocative questions that were probably invisible on the screen before the war, including: adultery, conspiracy, murder, pregnancy, etc. Aside from the one coronary artery and certain musical swelling, movie aesthetics are very crude and greedy: shot on the spot, use natural lighting and probably non-popular actors. All of these elements have contributed to conveying the problems explored in the film, giving the following theme: Negative karmic consequences will haunt those who deliberately act immoral. The two leads ?? Gino and Giovanna ?? are polar opposites, but both bear the mentality: we are bored and we will be entertained. Gino is a driver; a lonely traveler encircling life and its constant fluctuations. Giovanna is a boring housewife who is cemented in the knowledge of marital duration: she does not want to leave her home and husband, but would rather stay where she is because it is safer. Gino lifestyle represents the ideal lifestyle Giovanna craves; The only difference is that she is too scared to live it herself. Therefore, she falls in love with Gino: he represents everything she wants, but does not have the courage to get. She wants to live in a world free from the monotonous living with her corpulent husband ?? Gino is the perfect ticket for that world. The case that follows between the two most likely returning audiences back in the 40s feels a bit uneasy. I think movies before the neo-realistic age never showed such scandalous behavior on the screen before. At least it was a bit alarming. In connection with the theme, the neo-realistic style helps the negative consequences of adultery behavior. Succinctly, adulterous behavior (as shown in the film) leads to depressing and ultimately dead lives. When Gino and Giovanna conspire with each other to "eliminate" Giovanni's husband, karma will haunt them as a plague after the deed is complete. They return to their home: the atmosphere is dark and biting (as one might expect from the neo-realistic style). They are not happy; they are actually more depressed. They thought that by eliminating Giovanni's husband they would live happier lives, but they were duped. The movie ends with Giovanni's death. It is in karmic resemblance to her husband's death. I think it is a very satisfactory conclusion for several reasons. Here's why. <br /> <br /> There is much talk about whether to depict evil on the screen, and if so, to what extent. I think it is very necessary to portray evil, if and only if evil is depicted not being glorified, but rather showing what negative consequences evil acts have. As the subtitle from Ossessione asks, is adultery and murder evil? I think the movie eagerly responds yes! The incredible behavior between the two reveals how unhappy they are. Ironically, the film's author shows at the end of the movie when they appear to be cured by their depression, and seen in each other's arms inside the car, that their happiness is actually a facade: the car collides From the rock into the the river, killing Giovanna; Police arrest Gino. I think it was the author's intention to say that, although people sometimes try to justify their immoral behavior, karma will eventually come back to haunt them. I agree. I think the two got what came to them because they were both incredibly selfish and always wanted instant gratification and not willing to endure through hard times. This was especially made clear after the first difficulty issues experienced by Gino and Giovanna in their relationship: he cannot cope with the pressure of living in Giovanni's shadow, leaving Giovanna and sleeping with another girl. Such is typical of the insatiable hedonistic personality. All in all, the movie seemed very risky for its time. However, the audience was willing to watch such a movie because of the novelty of the war. The pre-war happy films were no longer believed. Filming audiences were ready to watch and consider difficult movies with complex characters: they wanted to see characters whose lives were intricate in so-called 'sin' because it was a reflection of their own life problems. Ossessione serves as a great catalyst for where the film's future was coming. That is, many of the naturalism pieces we see today are said to have been influenced by the neo-realistic film movement.
