When people today hear about a drama from the 1940s, they usually seem to create an irony distance that claims it is another great star tear in the lead of tragic, melancholy roles. However, this view does not resemble neo-realistic films, especially that directed by Count Luchino Visconti. OSSESSIONE as its debut once censored and once appreciated as almost a realistic masterpiece, is still loved by some people and strongly criticized by others. The conflicting opinions about the film, which has been shown in these 65 years, seem to have been caused by the film itself, exceptionally controversial for both modern and earlier. While based on the novel James M. Cain, POSTMAN RINGER TWICE, it is one of the most true screen adaptations, where the instructor remains his own style, see his own art. I've watched the movie twice, and the other viewing led me to the very detailed analysis section that I would like to include below. <br /> <br /> First, Visconti's movies seem to touch all the psychologies and actions that people can do in life, especially those that are absorbed by desire. These people make such tragic decisions despite the terrible consequences they are bound to. Gino (Massimo Girotti) turns out to be a traveler carrying "shoulders" at the intersection of a motorway near Ferrara and entering the inn. Although many people go there to get a meal, Gino arises to get something more - much more: the unimaginable desire for beautiful Giovanna (Clara Calamai) a woman who is already married to an older man running the bar, Giuseppe Bragana (Juan De Landa). Her body and her song have her mind right from the very first love, the couple plan to get rid of the old obstacle and build a new life together ... But are people bound to wrong deeds in the light of desire? Can you build love by murder? What is love and what is loyalty? Will lust lead to a dangerous addiction or even obsession? Such questions arise intensely while watching the movie, when the core author is provided with an insight into the characters. "We have to love each other lovingly," Giovanna apparently answers to cure all the crying conscience, but can the desired love justify and cure everything? "Isn't that what we both wanted," one of the couple says ... it happens that it is not. Therefore, the content of the film seems to be very dangerous if it is not analyzed with intellect and heart. Still, it is still thoughtful. <br /> <br /> Secondly, OSSESSIONE has a very strong point that speaks to modern viewers: brilliant moments and wonderful filmography, paired with memorable sequences and visual power. These make a modern viewer realize that a movie made almost 70 years ago is quite entertaining to watch. They range from tasteful erotic images to purely technical images. Who can jump that moment in Ferrara, where Gino meets a beautiful girl, a kind of "Ragazza Perfetta" (perfect girl), an dancer Anita and buyer her ice cream. His wishes show him a completely different direction ... Are viewers indifferent to Gino-Giovanni's first meeting? The camera's first focus is on Giovanni's legs, which apparently represent the carnival desire for love that Gino experiences. A marvel of shots is Gino and Giovanna, who leave the study room and their shady closeup that draws our attention to their suspicious appearance. Third, OSSESSIONE boasts excellent performances from both the leading pair and the supportive casting. Massimo Girotti once said in an interview that working in this movie had been one of the hardest jobs he had ever done; Anyway, what comes out is a flawless action. He portrays a bisexual man torn in desires who commit a crime, but cannot stand for any of the objects that remind him of his sacrifice, which represents conscience. His bisexuality is indicated by the character of Lo Spagnolo (Elio Marcuzzo), whom he meets in very surprising circumstances on the train to Ancona. Clara Calamai, who was cast in the role of eminent Anna Magnani had rejected, fits well with the role and we can claim that there is a true chemistry between the couple. They are both very convincing. In addition, I looked like Juan De Langa in Bragana's role: he portrays an old man, not loving to his wife and still crazy about art. In some of his most witty moments, he asks his wife to wash their backs or walk in the empty streets, singing his favorite opera songs after karaoke performance. In sum, we as modern viewers are capable of critical perception, must look at this film very objectively. It is art certainly thanks to the above-mentioned aspects, it is also a strong story thanks to the controversy it carries; But is it educational? Visconti was not Fellini who said he had no message to mankind. In that case, his movie would only entertain (which of course is not entirely Fellini's style too). Visconti always had something to convey. What would he say here? Is the movie against bad marriage? Or is it against wrong actions in humans absorbed by desire? The final shocking moments say for themselves. Although you do not agree with the vision, OSSESSIONE is truly a wonderful realistic movie, one of Visconti's best 8/10
