Luchino Visconti was light years ahead of his contemporaries. The great directors of Italy in the 40s and 50s were men who understood the medium, but it was a visionary, Luchino Visconti, who dared to see a movie showing what he was capable of doing. He clearly shows his genius early in his distinguished career with "Ossessione", a movie based on James Cain's "The Postman Always Ring Twice", which was later made by Hollywood, but that version pales in comparison to what Visconti achieved in the movie. Luchino Visconti and his collaborators on the screen included an unknown Alberto Moravia, a man who knew about the effect of passion on humans. <br /> <br /> The movie has been well preserved in the DVD format we saw recently. The film is a must for all serious film fans, because we can see how Visconti's vision translated the text into a movie that rings true in a plausible way, something the American version lacked. <br /> <br /> What is about watching movies is the intensity the director has received from his key players. The magnificent Clara Calamai does a fantastic job like Giovanna, the woman who has married an older man, but when Gino looks into her life, all she wants to do is liberated by the kind man who gave her a opportunity in life. Giovanna is one of the best creations in Mrs Calamai's achievements in the Italian cinema. The last sequence of the film shows Mrs Calamai at her best in the ironic twist that serves as the moral redemption of the monstrous crime committed. <br /> <br /> Just as excellent, Massimo Girotti, one of the best actors of his generation, appears as Gino, the hunky man who arouses the obsessive passion of Giovanna. Gino is the perfect man for Giovanna, something that Mr. Girotti designs with such ease and sophistication that is not right on the screen. Mr. Girotti makes the man alive in a performance that seems so easy, but with another actor it may not have become so clear. Juan DeLanda is seen as Giuseppe, the older man who fell in love with Giovanna. In fact, his character is inferior to his counterpart in the American film, where he is seen more as a buffoon. <br /> <br /> The film is beautifully photographed by Domenic Scala and Aldo Tonti. They gave the film a naturalistic look, which was the way Italian directors favored the era. The original musical score by Giuseppe Rosati is perfect. Visconti, a man who loved opera and was one of the best instructors, also includes the arias of the Bizet and Verdi, which fit well into the film's context. "Ossessione" is a movie that treasure because we see a great Luchino Visconti at the top of its form.
