Visconti's first move, Ossessione is an adaptation of James M. Cains Postman Always Rings Twice. Now I'm not familiar with the book or other movie versions, but I'm a big fan of Cain's Double Indemnity (much more than I'm a fan of Billy Wilder's movie version of it actually). The two short stories seem to be very similar. Both involve an illegal love affair where a violent wife complains to a morally weak man that her husband is worthless and meaning to her. Giovanna, the woman in this Italian version, played very well by Clara Calamai, is not viciously incarnated as a wife in double repayment, but she seems very spoiled. Her husband (a great achievement by Juan de Landa) is a bit cruel to her, but she strikes me as if at least she is so uncompromising with him. He is older than her and uninteresting, so she is rather weak. When Gino turns out, a young, muscular man takes about five minutes to get him to bed. She sweats, she'll be with him forever, but she's stuck with her husband. They break up first, but when they meet again, they plan (apparently, though intentionally guarded) to murder the man. They succeed, and they move back to the woman's hometown to drive the bar that her husband owned. Gino is very unenthusiastic about this idea. He wants Giovanna, but the only thing he certainly does not want is to sit in a place for the rest of his life. Their relationship melts quickly. Ossession is a very complex movie with complex characters. It's always fascinating, but it goes a little too long. In two hours and twenty-two minutes I cannot, for my life, find out how it took so long! This is partly due to the neo-realistic stylism that Visconti invented in this film. After all, it was the first movie to win that label. We see a lot of actions prolonged as it would be in real life without rushing to the next plot point. I've seen many of Visconti's films, and the only one I like better than this is Rocco and his brothers (1960). His direction is as great as it ever was, with the camera moving brilliantly and editing perfectly. I also feel the need to point out the film's best performances, by Dhia Christiani as a young (exotic) dancer and part-time prostitute named Anita, whom Gino meets after he begins to break away from Giovanna. She's only in the movie for maybe five or six minutes, and she has few lines. It is shocking how much Visconti and Christiani are able to do with this character in such a short time. She is completely heartbreaking. 10.9.
