Ossession customized (or if it's just as loose or close to the version I saw by James M. Cain's Postman always Ring Twice with Jack Nicholson and Jessica Lange, I can't be sure) by first-time director Luchino Visconti, there is no less outstanding with the use of the mis-one scene, music (both diegetic and non-dietetic) and the actor. I didn't know what to expect from Visconti to do in her approach to the material, having seen La Terra Trema and seeing how his political motivations were sometimes snatched a little. But this is a completely character and emotional drama that borders on the melodrama (though without the conventions that paint less), and with the style of the finest way in the budding film noir movement, Visconti creates a debut that is as involving any other neo-realistic movie. Neo-realism could rightly be argued, as this was an ancestor (along with De Sica's Children see us) as it would take shape after the war. Although love and romance are more at play here than in some of the more famous neo-realistic efforts, it is treated in a bare-bone storytelling and twisted with other well-known neo-realism themes (lower class, death, desperation) . Apart from the story, which is simply as described on this site, the artwork with which Visconti captures the images and then stores them with objects (a shawl over Gino Costa's profile when in guilty), shadows and darkness tends to Overcoming many of the later scenes in the movie (usually over Gian and Giovanna), and the feeling of the Italian streets in many of the outer scenes. Domenico Scala and Aldo Tonti (who wanted to lens some of Rossellini and Fellini's movies) help to imagine the appearance of Ossessione, which usually goes into a character, then breaks to read so much emotion on their faces, their voices and manuscripts are lovely and ugly, sad and dark and romantic. I think I've just scratched the surface on how effective it was that the movie itself moved me, even as I was in fear of the two leaders of the future. The two leads (Massimo Girotti and Clara Calamai) depict all the convincing, truthful and neuropathic feelings, and the main supporting actors are also without their attributes. <br /> <br /> It's a brilliant, crushing fit, and it points to a striking sign of what would come to Visconti in his career.
