Seeing "Ossessione" today - more than 6 decades later - is still a powerful experience, especially for those interested in film history and more specifically how Italian filmmakers changed films forever (roughly from "Ossessione" and De Sica's "In Bambini Ci"). Guardano ", both in 1943, up to 20 years later with Fellini, Antonioni, Pasolini). Visconti makes a fantastic directing debut, as the (uncredited) plot of "The Postman Always Rings Twice" as a guide to the development of his own themes. <br /> <br /> It strikes us today how time goes "Ossessione" was. Shot in fascist Italy during World War II (think about it !!), it depicted scenes and themes that made movies be banned immediately from theaters - and the fact that it used a plot of a famous American novel and did not pay any copyright did not help. <br /> <br /> "Ossessione" reveals alarming poverty-ridden war-time Italy (far from idealized Italy depicted in fascist "Telephony Bianchi" films); but it is also extremely bold in his sexual cheek, with shirtless hunk Gino (Massimo Girotti, who certainly precedes Brando's Kowalski in "A Streetcar Named Desire"), who takes Giovanna (Clara Calamai), a married woman, to bed just 5 minutes after they first met. We see Calamai's outrageous material garments and the subtle but undeniable gay hints between Gino and Lo Spagnolo (Elio Marcuzzo - a very appealing actor, his face is not unlike Pierre Clémentis, who was shot by the Nazis in 1945, at 28 years old !) ... With a few words: sex, lust, greed and poverty, as ruthless as it has rarely ever been shown in Italian cinema. All copies of "Ossessione" were destroyed shortly after the opening - it was called scandalous and immoral. Visconti managed to store a print, and when the film was reissued after the war, most critics called the front runner of the neo-realistic movement that preceded Rossellini's "Roma CIttà Aperta" and De Sica's "Sciuscià". Some other critics, perhaps more appropriate, saw "Ossessione" as the Italian counterpart to the French cinema's "poetic realism" (remember Visconti was Renoir's assistant), especially Marcel Carné's "Quai des Brumes" and "Le Jour see Lève" and Julien Duviviers "Pépé le Moko". <br /> <br /> While "Ossessione" may be Neo-Realistic in its visual language (the image of the time of war in Italy with its popular fairs, poverty, child labor, prostitution, pimples, scammers, etc.), the signs and themes were already certain viscontian. He was always more interested in tragic, passionate, obsessive, greedy characters, in social / political / sexual apartheid, in the elite's decadence than in realistic "everyday life" characters and themes favored by DeSica and Rossellini. In "Ossessione" we already find elements of drama and tragedy that were later developed in many of his films, especially "Senso" (Visconti's final departure from neo-realistic aesthetics) and "Rocco e Suoi Fratelli" ... Even in his Most "Neo-Realist" films, "La Terra Trema", he made his fishermen day by day for mythological characters. "Ossessione" is a great opportunity to confirm the theory of great artists whose working methods, analyze and develop specific themes and worries over and over again, from their first to their last opus, whether the scene, background or timing can change - Visconti can play with the frame, but the themes and essence of his art are, well, obsessively recurring. "Ossession" must not miss: You will certainly be fascinated by this groundbreaking, powerful movie.
