There I sat alone in my apartment on a Saturday night with the choice to watch the CITIZEN X or the Eurovision Song Contest and in favor of Americans reading this, I explain that TESC is an annual event where musicians from countries across Europe and Asia Minor has a song contest. At the end of the competition, the countries vote to see what the best song was. It's a competition that is even less exciting than it sounds, and it can't come as a shock when I say that song and songwriting are not of the caliber of Lennon and McCartney. And I should put something in the first sentence of this review because the word "Choice" is misleading because it is a music lover I would under no circumstances see TESC. <br /> <br /> So I sat down as the credits rolled to citizens x expecting a round of mill serial killer whodunnit, but I would be misleading all call it that. It is obvious within the first 10 minutes of CITIZEN X whodunnit. What the film does is point out the failure of communism: "A serial killer! This is the Soviet Union, the serial killers can only exist in decadent imperialist capitalist systems." This far-flung attitude goes far beyond denial, there is a scene where an underground policeman is sitting in a freezing station watching for potential suspects while wearing his police jacket because it is the only warm coat he has! And of course, all suspects who are members of the Communist Party are released without interrogation, something that will affect the final death. All this is done very well as we are shown that it is the communist party system that is in the trial, but about two-thirds of the way through citizens X is us in 1990 when communism is at its last legs and police investigation reforms have been found place. It is at this time that the film becomes rather uninteresting because of the lack of political subtitles and the movie down into an average manhunt movie. But don't let it off you. CITIZEN X is an intelligent thriller played well by the cast, especially Donald Sutherland as paternal police chief. <br /> <br /> Quite a few years ago, I read something written by the famous criminologist Colin Wilson, saying something about the serial killers being caught so they will be the center of attention in the media focus, and I found myself almost sympathetic to the fact that party chiefs refuse to be a serial killer in the Soviet Union. After all the media is controlled by the party and anyone who is old enough to listen to Radio Moscow or read English translations of Pravda, the Soviet Union only reported news such as potato harvest, coal production and thanks to letters from Afghanistan, Cuba, etc. Soviet assistance. The concept of becoming a serial killer in a communist system is illogical. But I think if a tree falls into a remote Siberian forest, it will still make a sound, though no one is there to hear it.
