Okay, let's start by saying that this movie is not an accurate representation of the crimes and the prosecution of Andrei Chikatilo. Although it might have been "official politics" in the Politburo that the Soviet Union had no serial killers, the judicial system had handled others and "Killer X" (which he was actually called) was already sought when Fetisov brought Burakov to the case. In fact, as soon as it was realized that they had more murders on their hands, the authorities assigned a task force of dozens of officers to track and end the killed spree of a man who did not fit into what was considered normal serial killer parameters. It is good that the director and the authors are reminiscent of the viewer that history is only "based on actual events", for a docudrama is not. <br /> <br /> *** SPOILERS FOLLOW **** <br /> Having said that, this is a wonderfully good example of an exciting Hollywood-style thriller that still comes across The basics, what happened. It is easy to follow and has just enough truth behind its version of events to allow it to look at it. Yes, Chikatilo raped and murdered both children and adults, both male and female. Yes, lukewarm lab work gave him free to continue killing for years. Yes, innocent men were charged with the murders and "confessed" their crimes by the police. Yes, homosexual society was harassed while the crimes were committed (albeit with Burakov's committed assistance). And yes, Chikatilo was not made public by the special prosecutor, Gorbunov's haranguing, but by the cautious understanding of a psychiatrist named Bukhanovsky (although Gorbunov was really nothing near the selfish martin who was depicted in this movie). Quibbles of truth and truth aside, all these events are dramatized in a way that consistently sharpen the tension and fear. It doesn't hurt that director and co-author Chris Gerolmo has a chopped perfect cast. Stephen Reas growing emotional involvement in the killings and the development of expertise in detecting traces, Donald Sutherland's snarky manipulation of Soviet party hacks and subtle spines, which become apparent when needed, Jeffrey DeMunn's sweeping undercurrent of rage hidden by a frightening behavior, Max Von Sydow's exciting excitement of being part of a criminal investigation improves all the sharp dialogue and sharp editing in ways that cannot be underestimated. <br /> <br /> Taking what it is, "Citizen X" is almost perfect. "almost" because of a moment of complacency at the end that just doesn't fit). Highly recommended as fiction told, not been presented ... but given the unwanted "serial killer" movies that Hollywood usually spits out, it's good enough for me.
