Blood Castle (aka Scream of Demon Lover, Altar of Blood, Ivanna - the best but least exploitable cinematic title, etc.) Is a very traditional gothic romantic movie. This means that it has large, spooky castles, a mainstream young woman, a mysterious older man, hints of horror and supernatural and romantic elements of the present day. It also means that it is very deliberately paced and that the movie will work best for horror mavens, which are big fans of understatement. If you love movies like Robert Wise's The Haunting (1963), but you also have a taste for the Spanish and Italian screams of the late 1960s / early 1970s, you can also love Blood Castle. <br /> <br /> Baron Janos Dalmar (Carlos Quiney) lives in a large castle on the edge of a traditional, unspecified European village. The locals fear him because legends have it that when he sleeps a woman, she immediately comes to death - consensus is that he puts on his wild dogs. This is quite a problem because Baron has a very healthy appetite for women. At the beginning of the film, another woman has died and mutilated. Meanwhile, Dr. Ivanna Rakowsky (Erna Schürer) appeared in the center of the village and asks to be taken to Baron Dalmar's castle. She is an out-of-towner who has been hired by Baron for her expertise in chemistry. Of course, nobody wants to go close to the castle. Finally, Ivanna finds a shady person (who gets even shade) to take her. Once in there, a strange woman living in the castle rejects Olga (Cristiana Galloni) Ivanna and says she should not be there since she is a woman. Baron Dalmar is vacillates over whether to stay. She ends up staying, but somewhat reluctant. Baron has hired her to try to reverse the effects of severe burns suffered by the baron's brother, Igor. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, Baron's brother seems to be just a bunch of degrading meats in a bizarre, bitterly fluid vessel. And besides, Ivanna has bizarre, hallucinating dreams. What happens at the castle? Is Baron responsible for the crimes? Is he crazy? <br /> <br /> I wanted to like Blood Castle more than I did. As I mentioned, the film is very conscious in its pacing, and most of it is very discreet. I can go either on material like that. I don't care about The Haunting (yes, I'm in a very small minority there), but I'm a big fan of European horror from the 1960s and 1970s. One of my favorite instructors is Mario Bava. I also love Dario Argento's work from that period. But at times, Blood Castle moved a little too slowly to me at times. There are large lumps that correspond to scenes of not very exciting talks alternating with scenes by Ivanna, which slowly goes into slots corridors. <br /> <br /> But the atmosphere of the movie is decent. Director José Luis Merino did more than passable sets and places, and they were shot pretty well by Emanuele Di Cola. Blood Castle feels, however, a relatively low budget, and it's a Roger Corman-produced movie. After all, it means a low budget, but often surprisingly high quality "quickie". So while there is a hint of Busen's colors and complex set of decorations, everything is much more minimalist. Of course, it doesn't help that the Retromedia print I looked at resembles a 30-year photograph that has been left out in the sun for too long. It seems to be "flushed out" with compromised contrast. <br /> <br /> Still, Merino and Di Cola occasionally create stunning images. For example, a scene in Ivanna that goes in a darker passage shot from an exaggerated angle and where an important plate element is revealed only through shadows on a wall. There are also a couple of Ingmar Bergmanesque shots, where the actors are exquisitely blocked to involve complex conditions, as well as being just visually attractive and pulling the eye deep into the frame. The performances are pretty good and the women - especially Schürer - are very attractive. Merino takes advantage of this fact by incorporating a decent amount of nudity. Schürer continued to make a series of films that were as much soft corn porn as they were other genres, with English titles like Sex Life in a Woman's Prison (1974), Naked and Lustful (1974), Strip Nude for Your Killer 1975) and Erotic Exploitation of a Sexy Seducer (1977). Blood Castle is very tamer, but in addition to nudity, there are still mild scenes that suggest rape and slavery, and of course, the scenes mix sex and death. However, the primary attraction here is probably the story, which is a very slow burning romance as something else. The horror elements, mystery elements and a somewhat unexpected twist at the end are bonuses, but ultimately, Blood Castle is a love story, about a couple who overcomes various difficulties and contradictions (often with physical threats or injuries) to be together.
