I remember following Andre Chicatillo's case in the newspapers while I was living in South Africa. They had pictures of him sitting in his cage while they were being tried in court. Not as it turned out to protect the court, but to protect him from the public. This was fascinating, albeit morbid, reading. Later I heard that a movie was made of HBO about the case, but it was made for American television. Bummed! Nice, CITIZEN X got a limited cinematic release in South Africa. I brought down to the local Ster Kinekor complex and duly bought a ticket (I was alone; my boyfriend was only interested in similar STEEL MAGNOLIAS and FRIED GREEN TOMATO). Wow! What a brilliant movie. Why was it not released to a wider audience? Had it not been made for television, it could have received an Oscar nomination or 2. There is no way to ruin the end; who the killer is, is never kept from the audience. Jeffrey DeMunn depicts a really scary psycho. He is calm, dimmed, considered a failure of his wife and subjected to constant ridicule and humiliation of his superiors at work. By committing these terrible actions, he makes himself feel strong and powerful. <br /> <br /> Struggling to catch him from all odds is a pathologist who plays to outstanding turn of Stephen Rea, in one of his strongest performances. He must fight the snappy pace of the Russian bureaucracy, the primitive resources he has at his disposal and (above all) his superior's refusal to acknowledge that the USSR itself has a serial killer. The general responsible (Joss Ackland) says serial killers are "a decadent, Western phenomenon". Only Donald Sutherland is willing to help, but his help should be under the counter. The always brilliant Max Von Sydow plays a Russian psychiatrist who breaks the protocol and decides to help the investigators in their quest. It is the first time in Russian history that a shrink is used to build a profile of a serial killer who is still loose and he has everything to lose if his engagement is made public. CITIZEN X's Brillant worked, well-written and music and editing add only the movie's excitement and theme. Excellent support from a terribly under-utilized Imelda Staunton and a real sense of impending doom make CITIZEN X a worth-watching movie. This was too good to be made for television
