The dazzling seventeen minute dance sequence of George Gershwin's 1928 orchestral piece, "An American in Paris", is an undeniable masterpiece. Choreographed with precision and unmatched flair by Gene Kelly, the vibrant combination of color, music and dance is still dazzling, as the play is divided into scenes inspired by selected master artists - Dufy in the opening Place de la Concorde piece, Manet in the flower market, Utrillo in a Paris street, Rousseau at the fair, Vincent Van Gogh in the spectacular Place de l'Opera piece and Toulouse-Lautrec to the Moulin Rouge, where Kelly wears his famous white bodysuit. The 97 minutes ahead of this finale are not so exciting, not with a long shot, but there are some charms to watch throughout the 1951 Oscar-winning musical. <br /> <br /> Director Vincente Minnelli and screenwriter Alan Jay Lerner have designed a surprisingly sophisticated, if a rather small romantic story focused on Jerry Mulligan, a former GI that has remained in Paris after the end of 2. world war is trying to live as a painter. With its braggadocio way and athletic dance style, Gene Kelly can be simultaneously indratiating and annoying as a screen personality, but he seems to find his oeuvre as the carefree Jerry. The Love Triangle plot is focused on Jerry's involvement with Milo Roberts, a self-appointed art artist, but a sexual predator when it comes to young artists. On their first date in a crowded Montmartre nightclub, Jerry falls unapologetically to Lise, a young woman who turns out to be Henri's fiance, a professional entertainer and friend of Jerry's friend Adam, an out-of-work concert pianist. Romantic complications work until the inevitable end, but not until more classic Gershwin songs are performed. <br /> <br /> The best of these is the most imitated - a swimming romantic song and dance to "Our love is here to stay" together a faux-Seine river in a blue foggy fog with yellow fog lights. The way in which Kelly and Leslie Caron circle each other is transcendent, as they almost approach each other carefully and then synchronize beautifully with the music leading to the final latch. Few films have so elegantly and concisely shown that two people fall in love. "I Got Rhythm" and "S'Wonderful" spotlight. Kelly's beautiful tapestry and comfortable singing, while "Embraceable You" is dazzlingly danced by Caron in a five-stage montage of Henri's all-over-the-map description of Lise to Adam. Designed to show Caron's dancing versatility, the sequence corresponds to that of "On the Town" where Vera-Ellen showed his great dance values, as Kelly's sailor character described his diverse vision of Miss Turnstiles. As Lise, nineteenth-year-old Caron (in her first movie) dances throughout and manages his role with unshaped charm with her actress talent not to flourish for years. Looks very glamorous, Nina Foch plays older as the manipulative Milo and manages to be sympathetic enough to worry about his fate, while Oscar Levant is only his Sardinian self as Adam. Performing an elegant "I want to build a staircase to paradise", George Guétary Henri plays so comfortably that you feel bad that he loses the girl at the end. This is not the best all-around MGM musical, but there is certainly enough movie magic to make this right worthwhile. The 2000 DVD contains a rather untouched print, but a little different with regard to extras.
