What gives the best imagery? The academics have come in for a lot of spells to reward overblown glasses that have been older at age and ignore the "auteurs" who would be condemned for decades to come. It was not because Hollywood was against art or creativity. The Academy Awards are the selections that the industry itself has made, and therefore, at least in the classical era, they tend to reward the greatest collaborations, the most sensational creative mind meetings. <br /> <br /> The Arthur Freed unit at MGM had been tied to Oscar winning honor for several years at this point; It was only a matter of time before Freed, supported by his strongest director Vincente Minnelli and some of the finest musical stars in the company, would land a best picture. Freed had undoubtedly done more to raise the musical status than anyone else, create images that woven history and sing together without losing the dynamic spectacle of the 30s musicals. The point about free musicals is that the lyrics, unlike those of Hammerstein or Lerner, do not have to tell or even relate to the stories. The important thing is that the tone of the song and the way it is presented fit into the structure of the film. <br /> <br /> An American in Paris was the first of three Friday musicals (the other two being Singin 'in Rain and The Band Wagon) that took existing classic tracks out of their original context and made them work in a completely independent story. The words do not fit the plot, but the routines fit the show. So when Gene Kelly sings I got Rhythm, he doesn't even have a girl yet, but the way it is done with the French children entering is a great deal of characterization, and the optimal tune and dance gives the movie the little lift It needs at this time. An American in Paris also uses the statutory permission in the genre to add a little unconventional flight of desire to tell the story, such as. A series of dances that accompany the description of Leslie Caron's character. <br /> <br /> And what better director for this project than Minnelli, even a painter and a pianist? At this point, there wasn't really anyone who had a better sense of Technicolor. While some directors would saturate each scene in a color or fill the screen with concurrent shades, Minnelli's color schemes are tightly controlled but never look forced. In the opening scene, the tones are rather subdued, but not dull, and especially there is a lack of red. During Oscar Levant and Georges Guetary's meeting in the café, a few vibrant colors are introduced. So, under the first track, "By Strauss", Minnelli gradually brings in splashes of red ?? a tablecloth, a bunch of roses ?? until it finally dominates as if the song has aroused the color scheme of the image. For most of the songs, the colors are choreographed as intricate as the people. But in some figures, like "Tra-la-la" he now keeps the news alike, and instead opens the room as the song swells and the characters become more animated. <br /> <br /> Achilles' An American heel in Paris is its history. I personally find the romantic angle particularly uncomfortable and playing as it does as a last hurray for the misogynistic love stories that ruled the top in the 30s; The head, independent woman is rejected while the delicate, delicate girl is harassed in loving the hero. Although you don't mind it, it's hard to connect emotionally to the story because it's constantly overshadowed by the songs and dancers. Compare this with Singin 'in the Rain, which doesn't really have as many good routines or memorable set pieces as an American in Paris, but it has a winning story. Singin 'in the rain was overlooked in 1952 Oscars, but it is considered a classic of the genre today. But I think people sometimes forget that the cinema is an all-encompassing form of visual entertainment, not just a means of telling a story. An American in Paris is not deep or engaging or tearing, but as a particular DeMille image that won the top prize the following year, it is definitely a good show.
