This very special attitude of Wagner's last opera certainly grew on me. When I first saw it, I was slightly annoyed by many of the surrealistic images, and felt that too much was overlaid on the story. But if you can put up with a lot of right recherché "gimmicks," I think you will find that the movie manages to capture the very strange other world atmosphere of the opera and that there are moments that are particularly fine. Personally, I never really understood Kundry's role before I saw how Edith Clever portrayed her. Her performance (a lip-synchronized mime by Yvonne Minton's singing voice) is nothing short of dazzling, from end to end, and justifies the hours it takes to absorb the movie. Another reason to delight in this movie is that it captures the spectacular interpretation of Robert Lloyd of Gurnemanz's crucial role that Lloyd has made to a sharp on opera houses worldwide. I have been privileged to enjoy him in the role of Gurnemanz on the Metropolitan Opera's stadium several times, and his mood's fervor and warm paternity of his interpretation of this noble character really needed to be preserved, just as his performance in the character's two great monologues Karfreitag scene and story of the prophecy in law 1. <br /> <br /> The version I have seen was a videotape made for America, and then there were subtitles that unfortunately could not be removed with. This is especially unfortunate because the translation used is very inaccurate and forces an extremely Christian interpretation on a film that is already forcing layers of interpretation on the opera. This seemed to me to be completely at odds with both Wagner's clear investigation of Christianity and his very conscious attempt to "generalize" the Christian elements of history. (See footnote with spoiler at the end of this review.) I find it almost impossible when you see a movie with subtitles, not to absorb them, and it is strongly recommended that if you have the DVD versions available to turn the subtitles off, you do, and instead, if the opera is unfamiliar to you, read the libretto carefully beforehand. <br /> <br /> The bottom line is that there is a lot in the movie that I don't like and would have seen differently as soon as possible ... but it has steadily increased in my estimation over the years since I first saw It and I find myself attracted to enjoying it over and over again. <br /> <br /> FOOTNOTE INCLUDES A SPOILER: A good example would be Kundrye's famous line, "I saw him ... him ... and laughed." This is translated into the subtitles for reasons that escape me, as "I saw the Savior's face." It is particularly annoying to me, because throughout the libretto, Wagner refers very consciously and carefully to this invisible character, which does not have to be the biblical Jesus as "that heathen", ie. German for "Healing" - a reference to Amforta's wounds and all wounds and wickedness and the need for healing.
