Parsifal (1982) Contributing Michael Kutter, Armin Jordan, Robert Lloyd, Martin Sperr, Edith Clever, Aage Haugland and Reiner Goldberg's voices, Yvonne Minton, Wolfgang Schone, Managing Director Hans-Jurgen Syberberg. Out of the German film school, the kind that favored tons of symbolism and Ingmar Bergmanesque surrealism, this 1982 film of Wagner's last masterpiece -Parsifal came to correspond to Good Friday / Easter and the inauguration of Bayreuth Opera House . This film follows the musical score and plot precisely, but the way it was filmed and performed is bold and avant-garde, and no other Parsifal takes the crown in its bizarre movie. Syberberg is known for controversial films. Prior to this film, he had released films about Hitler and Nazism, Richard Wagner and his personal anti-Semitism and a documentary on Winifred Wagner, one of his best daughters. This movie may be disturbing in many aspects. Parsifal (song by Reiner Goldberg but performed by Michael Kutter) is a man throughout the film's first part and then, after the enchantment of Kundry's kiss, it is turned into a woman. This bending element shows the feminine / masculine / ying-yang nature in search of the Holy Grail, which serves all humanity and redeems it through the blood of Christ. In the fortress of the pagan wizard Klingsor there are photographs of such infamous monstrous characters as Hitler, Nietzche, Cosima Wagner and Wagner's mistress Matilde Wesendock. Swaztika flag hangs outside the fortress. Parsifal travels into the 19th and 20th centuries throughout the film. The tempting flower maids are in nude. Kundry is portrayed as a kind of beautiful but corrupt Maria Magdalena or Eva from Genesis (played by Edith Clever, but beautiful song by mezzo-soprano Yvonne Minton). Ultimately, this movie is for fans of this type of bizarre Germanic / European symbolic metafiction and for intellectuals who appreciate the symbolism, history and lovers of Wagner's opera. In fact, the song is big and convincing. Reiner Goldberg's Parsifal is a focused and intense voice, but it lacks the depth and the overall grandeur of the stage's larger ballots - James King, Wolfgang Windgassen, Rene Kollo and today's own Placido Domingo. Yvone Minton is a sensual-voiced, dramatic and exciting Kundry killer in her painful state. Although production is completely unorthodox and as Wagnerian as it may be able (Wagner's concept, Christian ceremonial pump with Grails, spears, castles, knights and wounded kings, a dark sorcerer, darkness turns into light, etc. Typical Wagnerian themes ). .It's still an enjoyable, art house film.
