Vincente Minnelli directed some of the most famous movie entertainment events ... He was among the first Hollywood directors to show that a deep love of color, movement and music could produce intelligent entertainment ... <br /> <br / > "American in Paris" is the story of a former GI that stays in France after the war to study and paint ... He falls in love with a charming old-fashioned Lise Bourvier ... Your romantic love affair glitter as bright as the city of Lights Up ... The whole movie brings a French elegance where technique, artistic style and music all come in perfect synchronization ... The first musical sequence introduces the exciting personality Leslie Caron in her screen debut ... She is like a diamond, one touch of class ... George Guetary describes his fiancee ambiguous grace in a montage of various dance styles, sweet and shy, lively and modern, graceful and awesome ... The number leads to a mishap formerly bistro, where Kelly and his good friends in Paris share a gentle parody of wiener walser ... later kelly celebrates a popular tapestry with a lot of enthusiastic kids singing with him 'In Got Rhythm' and in the massive jazz nightclub Kelly stains the dream girl ... He is immediately struck by her glittering sapphire blue eyes, and only a clear thing is in his mind, pulling Lize on the dance floor and singing to her: "It's very clear our love is here to stay . " <br /> <br /> For the joyful 'Tra-La-La', Kelly delivers humor, humor and talent around Oscar Levant's room and even on top of his brown piano ... <br /> <br / > When he meets his beautiful Cinderella along the River Seine, Kelly is swept away at his merry meeting with Caron ... He expresses all his feelings with "Our love is here to stay." The piece had a certain nighttime feel when the two lovers were bathed in soft, blue smoky light ... They start an enchanting dance fabric that sits together various elements ... Caron dances with his head on his shoulder and then tries to run in a floating way ... They move backwards, away from each other, then pause to hurry towards each other, for a little kiss and a warm hug ... The movie's weakest number was the ones who have little relation to the story ... In one Georges Guetary depicts an entertaining stage show with showgirls in giant ornaments flowing down to the stage ... In another, Oscar Levant imagines himself conducting a concert and not only playing piano conversations, but also the other instruments ... He himself appeals to itself as members of the audience ... The extravagant climactic super ball in the movie is a whole adventure, a breakthrough in taste, direction and design ... It's a flame of love, rage and liveliness ... It's Kelly's big fanta say of his los t love and his feelings about Paris as seen through the great backgrounds of some of France's most impressionist painters ... The number starts at the Beaux Arts Ball, after Kelly finds herself separate from Lise and begins a sketch with a black crayon ... It gathers the important parts of the film's history through a constantly changing place, all in the style of the painters who have influenced Jerry ... The tour, very attractive and wonderfully atmospheric, includes the place De la Concorde Fountain, Madeleine Flower Market, Place De l'Opéra, to his Rendez-Vous in Montmartre, with the cancan dancers in a representation of Lautrec's Moulin Rouge ... Kelly seems to endure the boundaries of his physical self ... Caron seems to dominate his room and sweep you away to a other time and place ... Nina Foch seemed very attractive and elegant in her one shoulder blue dress ... In one of the film's most famous lines, Kelly asks her: "It is probably something you almost wear. What keeps it up? "Nina, wise answer," modesty! "<br />" An American in Paris' calculated six Oscars, including an honor award for Gene Kelly ... The movie gave us a wealth of memories to go home ...
