I knew absolutely nothing about Chocolat before my viewing of it. I didn't know anything about the story, the cast, the director or anything about the film's history. All I knew was that it was a highly recognized French film. Had I known more, I probably would not have seen the picture with an open mind. On paper, the premise does not leave me interesting. Had I known what Chocolat was in advance, my interest while looking at would have been limited. But not knowing about history helped me enjoy it. Throughout, I had no idea where the story would go, what the characters would do and what the end result would be. It was, if nothing else, a predictable movie. In fact, it could have been as the story is told in flashbacks. Telling a story in flashbacks is often a risky movement on the part of the filmmakers. When the protagonist is seen in the present, the audience knows that she will stay alive. Using flashback technology, director Claire Denis can assure the audience that the young girl makes it into adulthood without serious physical injury, giving the viewer the feeling that Chocolat is a story more about emotions than what is outside. A smaller filmmaker would give France a frightening face, a scream of a confused and unusual childhood. Instead, Denis presents France as a beautiful girl, one who looks nice from the outside. <br /> <br /> It could be argued that Chocolat is more about France's mother, as she gets much more screening time, although I think it is ultimately about France. What Chocolat really is about is how a mother's actions affect her daughter. It's about how the parents' behavior stays with their offspring. France is not spoiled by her mother's actions in history, but her mother's actions clearly left an impression on France. Had France not been affected by her mother's actions at all, the flashback aspect would be irrelevant. <br /> <br /> For a movie about two time periods, the past and present-day Chocolat were very paced, there was no scene with excess fat. None of the scenes felt free or out of place. The film had a good rhythm, the editing sharp and left only what was necessary to tell the story. With a famous story, solid editing and organized direction, Chocolat is one of the better French movies I've seen. It was responsible for starting Claire Denis' career and for good reason: it's an incredibly direct debut.
