This is a great movie to watch or show young people. Apart from a very short nude scene, it gives an interesting glimpse of colonial rule in Africa, which you rarely find in other films. It carries a superficial resemblance to out of Africa, but without all the romantic fluff. The white French people of Cameroon are fascinating because they do not even seem to consider the natives as humans. The whites are all bosses, and they expect black servitude without question. But unlike true servants, you only hear one of the whites say 'thank you' and no other consideration is given to these people. Again and again it is as if they are pets or slaves, as people's feelings are never considered. <br /> <br /> The central illustration of this mindlessness is the relationship between the mother, Aimee and her servant, Protée. Although they sometimes spend a lot of time together and it is only normal for them to begin to have sexual feelings toward each other, the white woman never sees the Protée or the existence of his feelings. A good example of this thoughtlessness is when she has Protée lace on her dress, and it is obvious that he is very sexually frustrated by this. Apart from this, while almost all the whites are completely unaware that Africans are human, a few go as far as verbal abuse and treat them as waste. <br /> <br /> Also interesting is the relationship between Protée and the little girl (who is the one who has grown at the beginning and end of the movie). While they are very dense, it is sometimes more like a toy or a pet, and the girl never plays with native children. There is a bizarre white character who sometimes seems to consider blacks better, but unfortunately his character is very inconsistent and confusing. For a moment he works hard on the side of blacks or eats with them (something the other whites would never have done) and the next he tries to beat Protée! I could only guess what motivated him - maybe he was just a jerk or was mad or maybe a communist agitator was trying to touch black against the whites (who knows!). In fact, apart from a few good scenes, this character seems to be largely wasted. <br /> <br /> While I really enjoyed the insight this movie gave, I wish it would have been more than just a few excerpts from this world through a child's perspective over a small period of her life. The context and what happened to get out of colonialism has never been raised, and the film left me wanting more. The movie seemed to begin in the early 1980s (since she has a Walkman-style headset), and when the movie went back in time, it seems to be set around 1960 (more or less), but There was never any mention of the 1950s anti-colonialism violence or independence for the nation in the early 1960s. I guess part of this confusion might be that the film's makers turned up and should have made the start of the film earlier (like the 1970s) and had the lady think back to his life there in the early 1950s - before the country experienced political change. Apart from the lack of context and a confusion over time periods, it was a good idea to use the prologue and the epilogue who showed her as an adult in the countryside. And I also appreciated the end, as it was a pleasant surprise when you find out more about the cozy man who offers her a ride. But in general, it just feels like something is missing - there is just no sort of resolution or message other than showing that colonialism is thoughtless and cruel.
