Claire Denis' Chocolat is set in Cameroon in West Africa in the 1950s, and is a beautifully photographed and emotionally resonant tone poem depicting the effects of dying colonialism on a young family in recent years with French rule. The theme is similar to the recent nowhere in Africa, although the films are very different in size and weight. The film is told from an adult perspective that returns to its childhood home in a foreign country. France The Valley (Mireille Perrier), a young woman traveling through Cameroon, recalls her childhood when her father (Francois Cluzet) was an official of the French Camerons, and she had a loving friendship with the exciting servant, Protée (Isaach the Bankolé). However, the film's heart is about France's mother Aimée (Giulia Boschi) and her love / hate relationship with Protée, who is fun with unspoken sexual excitement. <br /> <br /> The household is divided into public and private spaces. The white family rooms are private and without limits for all but the Protée working in the house, while the waiters have to eat and shower outdoors and expose their bare bronze bodies to the white family's gaze. It becomes apparent when her husband Marc (François Cluzet) goes away on business, that Aimée and Protée are sexually attracted to each other, but the rules of society prevent it from being openly recognized. In a narrative order, she invites him into her bedroom to help her put on her dress, and the two are staring at each other's image in the mirror with a needy longing in their eyes, knowing that any interaction is taboo. <br /> <br /> The young France (Cecile Ducasse) also forms a bond with the waiter, feeding him from his plate while showing her how to eat injured ants and carrying her on her shoulders during the night sky. Despite their ties, the true nature of their master-servant relationship is evident when France commands Protée to interrupt his conversation with a teacher and immediately take her home, and when Protée stands beside her at the dinner table and waits for its next command. When an aircraft loses its propeller and has to land in the nearby mountains, the crew and passengers must move into the connection until a replacement component can be located. Every visitor shows their contempt for the Africans, one, a wealthy owner of a coffee plantation brings the leftover food from the kitchen to his black mistress hiding in his room. Another, Luc (Jean-Claude Adelin), an arrogant white Frenchman, disturbs the healthy balance when using the outdoor bath, eats with the servants, and speaks to Aimée about his attraction to the Protée, which leads her to a final emotional confrontation with the waiter. <br /> <br /> Chocolat is loosely autobiographical, adapted to childhood memories from the director, and is slowly paced and as mysterious as the devastating isolation of the country where it is occupied. Denis makes her aware of the effects of colonialism without preaching or romanticizing the characters. There are no victims or oppressors, no simple good guys. Protée is a servant, but he is also a protector, as when he stands guard over the bed, where Aimée and her daughter sleep to protect them from a raging hyena. It is a pity that Protée is treated as a boy and not as a man, but Bankolé imbues his character with such dignity and stature that it diminishes the pain. Because of its pace, Western audiences may have to work hard to fully appreciate the movie, and Denis does not, in Roger Ebert's phrase, "train our emotions". The truth of Chocolat lies in the gestures and gaze that touch the silence of our heart.
