Back in 1955, the British made a comedy called Simon and Laura, with Peter Finch and the brilliant Kay Kendall. So far, it is one of the finest examples of British comedy and especially how TV sitcoms become so popular. It was and is also an excellent example of self-reflecting cinema. Also saw Soapdish, a movie I had never heard of until a few nights ago when I caught it on late TV. I was a little dubious at first, simply because comedy is so hard to do well as you know. <br /> <br /> However, I was pleasantly surprised and pleased to see a very smart satire on the daytime American TV. In fact, it has been a while since I laughed so heartily. So if you like satire, I recommend you to see it. <br /> <br /> The main players ?? Sally Field, Kevin Kline, Robert Downey and Cathy Moriarty ?? Simply do an excellent job, revealing just how bitch and superficial traders are. As I looked at it, I thought of myself: How much of this bitchiness transfers to real life? That is, if actors ever have a real life? As you probably know, Peter Sellers was, for example, infamous about saving his true persona behind a multitude of characters, so no one really knew the real person. So when I saw Sally Field playing Celeste Talbot with Maggie, I thought again about the former British movie with Kay Kendall, who played Laura and played a character in a TV sitcom opposite Peter Finch ... Does anyone wonder that some actors have nervous breakdowns? And that feeling was crystallized when Celeste finally confronted her daughter (Lori, played by Elizabeth Shue) and, for an emotional moment, repeating the fictional lines she had used on an earlier episode of her daytime pace when she confronted her fictitious daughter in that! Are you confused? Well, it's not like that, but the dialogue is great for originality, comedy, bitchiness, anger, depravity, duplicity and even ... love. <br /> <br /> History? Well, there are many stories in this movie, all interwoven and all come together at the end (of course, but not as a Robert Altman movie, okay!), And not all of them are finally resolved. Life is not like that anyway, right? The pace is almost frenetic, and you really have to watch and listen carefully to catch all the sight gags and subtle jokes. Spend the 97 minutes of your life and see that you will not regret the time spent. <br /> <br /> The rest of the players work well even though I've never taken much of the Whoopi Goldberg. Perhaps the funniest exchanges between Robert Downey and Cathy Moriarty, and for my money, the latter steals so many scenes from others, she gets my voice as the excellent player. I'm not asking you to give the term bitch a whole new face ...
