This is a romantic comedy with an emphasis on comedy for a change. As usual, lovers - Sally Field as the almost-over-the-hill soap opera queen, Celeste Talbert; and Kevin Kline as a marginal employee and marginally talented actor Jeffrey Anderson works for cross purposes, apparently unaware that they are used to love, etc. Due to a bit of Bette Davis Margo Channing in Everything about Eve (1950) and a whole lot to it slapstick theatrical tradition, Sally Field goes over the top against hilarity as she malaprop's path to love and happiness. Kevin Kline, one of the more underrated leading men in recent years, is also very good and very winning as he manages to be beautiful, vulnerable, selfish and lovable all at the same time. <br /> <br /> The misadventure center around Celeste's fear of losing her audience as she entered the fifties and reaches the point of crisis with her niece's arrival, the sought-after actor Cori Craven (Elisabeth Shue), who does NOT appear to be her niece, with the following plot complications. Cori manages to play a small role in the soap opera as a homeless deaf mute before discovering her true relationship with Celeste (and also Jeffrey Anderson) - but never against. <br /> <br /> As a romantic counterpoint or foil to the leaders, Robert Downey Jr. (Soap Operator, David Barnes) and Cathy Moriarty (Montana and Nurse Nan). David Barnes is so hot for her, but she only cares about one thing: get rid of Celeste so she can shine more brightly on the set. For this purpose, she makes Barnes do all sorts of things to destroy Celeste's career, but through coincidence and / or perverse logic, all his attempts go wrong, to the benefit of the seer. <br /> <br /> Whoopie Goldberg plays Rose Schwartz, the show's author and Celeste's alter-ego and confidant, while Carrie Fisher has a modest role as the hard-as-nail producer of the show. I thought it was more fun than the only other counterfeit of the soap opera world that I have seen (young doctors in love 1982, as a burlesqued television general hospital and was pretty good). Soapdish is more fun with a daffy script and lots of grin-a-liners and amazing performances by Field, Kline and Downy, Jr. But see this for Sally Field, which is excellent.
