The natural materials of Scottish artist Andy Goldsworthy fashions for precious works of art, gathering stones in egg-shaped cairns, filling riverbanks with burning flowers and sewing thorns and twigs in intricate web patterns. An original work and a few photographs of his other creations are tucked away in a corner of Southampton Art Gallery (near where I live), but even though I found those pieces exciting, I only understood the wonder of Goldsworthy's work when I was lucky enough to catch a new screening of rivers and tides. Thomas Reidelsheimer's film, accompanied by a beautifully instrumental soundtrack by Fred Frith, brings Goldsworthy and his art to life by showing the artist at work. The opening scene causes him to melt ice cream fragments in a snake-like thread on top of a tree stump. Working with his teeth and just hands, Goldsworthy crafts a beautiful, ephemeral work. Before long, this delicate sculpture melts for nothing in the glorious Nova Scotian sunlight. This scene is among the most beautiful in the movie, but the breadth and ingenuity of Goldsworthy's work is remarkable. Reidelsheimer shows both successes and failures, captures the frustration of pieces that collapse before they are finished, as well as shine for those who shine, even if it is only a few hours, minutes or seconds. <br /> <br /> Goldsworthy himself gives the story and speaks slowly but caring about the themes of his work. He makes it clear that he needs to work with nature, be alone in it and to promote his understanding of it by trying to work with natural materials even when they seem to work against him. At times he is down to earth and humorous; at other times he fights for the words to express his purpose ?? something that is quite understandable when he testifies to his amazing work first hand. The titles 'Rivers and Tides' are becoming more and more relevant as we see the natural materials passing through the artist's hands flowing from one form to the next. The capture of the creation and dissolution of Goldworthy's work is in itself a striking work of art. Although Goldsworthy works with widely varying materials and covers territory across North America and Europe, the presentation of works of art one after the other in this film is exhausting; It gave me the same sense of fatigue as I get when I spend too long in an art gallery and struggle to take on something new. A short interval where we are introduced to Andy's family and hometown is all that breaks the long order of his artworks. Nevertheless, Reidelsheimer does a fantastic job of photographing Goldsworthy and his creations, which locate them in their wider environments, from winding Canadian rivers to rainy Scottish hills. Appropriately, the film ends with Goldsworthy, which supports handful of soil and snow into the sky. Fleeting patterns originate from the dust particles, even when they emerge into the air; This is the purest expression of the beauty found in the work of this remarkable artist.
