I admit that in the first 20 minutes or so in this movie I was not entirely sure that I should sit through it all. Like many other people, I found it rather boring, and I was not quite happy for an hour and a half to see this guy biting icicles and holding them together. But if you sit through the creation of your first job long enough to see the finished product, you get an idea of ​​how impressive the rest of the movie is. I really think it's boring that so many people found this impossible boring or a recovery of ideas by other artists. Rivers and Tides are a silent study of some of Andy Goldsworthy's art and methods that make his art completely out of nature, usually resulting in pieces that will be consumed in nature through the normal process of entropy. It goes slow and youthful, but I think much of the point of the movie is to show that Goldsworthy's art does not need any accompaniment for it to be valued. I have even heard people complain about how he always speaks throughout the film, rather than just letting nature and his art work speak for himself, which I just think is madness. <br /> <br /> On the other hand, many people complain about CDs that come with the lyrics printed on them. Many musicians also believe that their music should mean what the listener wants it to mean without the music showing the exact lyrics, I think I'm just the kind of person who thinks I want to know what the artist tried to Perform with his or her art. I can still take what I want, even though I know what it was supposed to do. I understand I won't hear him talk through the movie. He still loses his mindset and finds himself unable to explain any of his work on more than one occasion, but if you don't want Goldsworthy to talk about his art while watching the movie, feel free to turn off the sound . It is as if you are not reading the text if you do not want to know what a musician is singing and would prefer to interpret the words themselves. <br /> <br /> I think Andy Goldsworthy's work, which I didn't know existed before I saw this movie, is incredibly impressive, and I'm happy that this movie was made to show it. Since his work is generally not the kind that can be transported to a studio, photography is the only medium that is not a movie that can express it, and I really appreciated being able to see the work that goes into his art, and the way that only things from nature are used. Whether you appreciate certain aspects of how this film is presented, Goldsworthy's moving work is enough to overlook it because the movie is not the star, Goldsworthy's art. And given the lack of music or even the slightest special effects and the slow nature of the movie, it seems to me that director Thomas Riedelsheimer knows it.
