Zero day has a purpose, and it's not just entertainment, it tells you about its specialized school games. Mapping two friends' lives Andre and Cal, leading to an attack on their high school. <br /> <br /> While the movie started in a modest way, an impromptu announcement about the upcoming amateur-teen attack followed by some brief meetings with the boy's families. It's not long before we're on the boys showing us their collection of weapons, their fetishistic love for them, their bubbly sporadic narcissistic fantasies, and even in a controversial scene, how to build pipe bombs. <br /> <br /> So what does the film try to say? What motivates these soon to be killers. It seems difficult to really find out. They certainly do not cross cold-blooded psychopaths, but they are planning an act of pure brutality. This brings me to what I feel is genius in part of Zero Day. Cal and Andre are constantly talking about how much they are at another level, how over the rest of us are, and how they will 'leave us behind'. Like the columbine kills, they really feel superior. Like Nietzsche's resentment, Cal and Andre's value system seems to have been born out of rejection from their community. But we only get a glimpse of this, an expression of hatred for a popular athlete for example. So where is the motivation? What I feel is that Coccio portrayed two people desperately to make a conviction a gesture of their power but that has no reasonable place for it. Therefore, they turn to mass murder and the kind that will get them more attention than they could ever realize. That is why school shooters in some cases seem capable of performing terrible acts despite coming from good stable homes. The murder is part of a fantasy, Cal and Andre are totally lost in their imagination, they almost fail to see the reality of their actions. They become fantasy in tragedies. Secondly, what is most enthusiastic about this movie is the character evolution and the unique dependency of Cal and Andre. Others are, in the whole movie, obviously the leader of the two, Cal's embrace of his behavior and attire seems a little forced. Others are up, Others are intense and serious. He totally shuns others except for his family, he is careful and precise about everything he does, and for some time the primary mover appears in the plot to attack the school. Still, he is sympathetic in his own way, he does not embrace teenage nonsense, and in part we have to agree with him, but these moments are crushed by Andres' fleeting movements of violence to us, the audience who treats us as both confidential and potential victims. Cal, on the other hand, seems more relaxed than others, more acceptance of reality. Nevertheless, he is dominant on his own path. We have many personal moments with introspection with Cal's video diary, scenes when he is alone and apart from Andre. Cal seems to struggle with his own personal demons and uses their plan to exercise them. Others are jealous of Cal, who goes to prom with an old friend, he wants everything to himself. Cal places Andre and calls on him. For the first time in his life, Andre seems to have found someone who believes in him, and who admires him, he cannot lose it. While Cal has found someone who gives him a way out. <br /> <br /> The movie surely goes up and improves as it approaches its ugly conclusion. There is an excellent moment when Cal goes to high school. Suddenly, the star of the movie becomes shy and introverted, not at all quiet with his peers. Still, we tend to feel more connected with Cal than with the raucous bawdy crowd screaming juvenile obscenities while they are heavily drinking in their limo. Their is an episode that is too common and recognizable. We do not want to relate to them when it is over, and Cal is back with Andre quietly preparing one of their final videos, we think the characters again feel safe in the fantasy world they created. We want to throw the masses as they have. <br /> <br /> The penultimate scene is amazing. The final video sees Andre and Cal moving in their car just moments before they attack. It is all too real and really creates a sense of impending doom. Knowing that we know Cal and Andre and realize that they are actually doing it, with a kind of morbid fascination, we also re-create the film's catharsis. The massacre shot in CCTV mode is sometimes shocking, and though it certainly was the perfect choice to portray the massacre if we were to do so, it is not invalid. What is most significant is the sudden radical change of opinion we have of Cal and Andre, looking at them in that person, suddenly they are the boring killers, we knew they would be even refused to acknowledge that they would. It's violent and right, our heroes have become monsters, and the reality of their imagination is a terrible tragedy that costs them everything. The final scene shows a group of teenagers filming themselves who burn the crosses set to Andre and cal in disgust that they have been reminded. Having known Andre and Cal, we can only feel almost sad that they have actually gone forever and that they certainly did not win anything. Zero day is a must see for anyone interested in these violent acts sensed by the media. It is a character study worth experiencing.
