As always, controversial movies like this mixed reviews have. You either love it or you hate it and not everyone will like this movie. This shows the killer's perspective, which is something I personally feel is something important to consider. You can hate them, you can claim to understand them and feel like you can relate, but regardless of this movie, you will think of acting from a different perspective. The movie is shot completely using a handheld camera, something I think works pretty well, as it makes it more realistic. It is told from the killer's point of view, from their "missions" to family outings, all leading up to the big day "Zero Day", where they plan to become massacre at their school. Zero Day does not offer answers, but presents only a glimpse of the lives of two restless young boys and lets the audience decide for themselves. Our feelings towards the boys are somewhat mixed between sympathy and hatred, but we are still confused as to why two ordinary young boys would do such a thing. They turn out to be surprisingly normal, typical teenage girls who lead ordinary lives, and if we didn't know what they were planning, we wouldn't expect anything (they make it clear in the whole movie that no one else knows their plan). > <br /> The action is extremely good considering the two players are completely unknown. We can only hope to see more work from both of them in the future. Despite how this is a fictionalized movie, one cannot help but notice the obvious similarities with Columbine. Calvin and Andre are scarily similar to Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold, (not so much in appearance, but in a way) As someone who has researched Columbine very extensively, I could see the similarities and it is almost certainly based on that. <br /> <br /> The actual massacre is shown through surveillance cameras at school and is one of the most chilling things I've ever seen. I was totally in shock after seeing it, and it is a feeling that stays for a while. It's very realistic and well done, and it's very hard to see. <br /> <br /> All in all, Zero Day is a great movie, and I think everyone should at least check it out. Previously, we always just branded killer's "psychopaths" and assumed that they were either biologically led to disaster or had media influence, but as Zero Day sometimes shows, the motives are deeper than that, and we can never really understand why tragedies such as school shooting happens until we have seen it from the killers.
