"Kolchak: The Night Stalker" is a very entertaining television series, where a pressured, sarcastic, 40s reporter is repeatedly drawn to deadly battle with supernatural (and occasionally extraterrestrial) forces. Based on a very popular pair of TV films with the Kolchak character, this series died a quick death in the mid-1970s due to low ratings, but it still maintains a strong cult today. But will the average contemporary seer dig the Kolchak and his weekly clash with the undead? <br /> <br /> It is actually a difficult question to answer fairly. Proponents of this series tend to claim that it is formal and hopelessly dated. On the other hand, fans claim that it is wisely written, well-behaved and sometimes quite scary. And me? I have a foot in both camps. I thoroughly enjoyed watching all 20 episodes of Kolchak on DVD recently, although I can clearly see that the series has major flaws. I must address the issue of Kolchak as "formal" fiction first. Now I think we can all agree that most TV shows have formulas - almost every episode of Columbo unfolds according to the same pattern, for example. Repetition is not necessarily a bad thing in itself; In fact, critics have long recognized that the audience often enjoys and actively seeks repetitive entertainment. The problem with Kolchak, however, is that its formula is simply too rigid - it is too repetitive even by the most generous standards. In almost every episode, Kolchak investigates a murder and shows that it was committed by some kind of monster. He is trying to publish a story about this monster, but his editor Vincenzo blocks him, always on the grounds that Kolchak does not have sufficient evidence to support his claim that supernatural forces are at work. And unfortunately Kolchak is also prevented by the police. So in the end, Kolchak does some independent research on the monster, how to kill it ... and kill it. Without a ceremony, or reward or write a great story about it. <br /> <br /> You can see where this tight formula can be tiring, doesn't it? I am especially mystified by Vincenzo - if Kolchak always rages on monsters, and Vincenzo never believes it ... yes, why does Vincenzo not burn Kolchak or has he committed? That was what any normal boss would do. But the series differs such realism and prefers to keep Vincenzo and Kolchak as comic antagonists. As a result, many of their scenes are deeply unbelievable - even though they are also very fun. <br /> <br /> The very best episodes of Kolchak manage to be above the values ​​of this formula, though usually because they contain some kind of unexpected twist. These selected episodes are good enough for me to think that they are largely immune to typical criticism of the series. Some of my favorites include: <br /> <br /> Horror in the Heights - an episode that is remarkable for being dirty, inventive, and socially aware. Kolchak's dialogue has an exceptionally sharp and cynical edge. While complying with the Kolchak formula, the manuscript (written by Hammer Studios veteran Jimmy Sangster) is remarkably delicious, and it delves deep into the monster's backgrounds. The Devil's Platform - a possible inspiration for the Omen film, shows this episode to me because the villain - a very young Tom Skerritt - tempts Kolchak with a satanic contract full of goodies (and thus reveals much about the reporter's character.) <br /> <br /> Fire Fall - This episode seems to have a bad reputation among fans, but I enjoyed it because it has a large red herring and a really unsafe, almost unstoppable apparent monster. <br /> <br /> Although I have nominated these three episodes for praise, I would say that most of the stories are entertaining at least. For my money, there are only two complete turkeys in the 20 episodes: Primal Scream, which is about monkeys running violently in Chicago, and Sentry, who has the stupid-looking creativity in the story of filmed entertainment (and this assessment comes from a lifelong Doctor Who and Godzilla fan!) <br /> <br /> In balance, it's a good series. A little repetitive, a little cheesy maybe, but it has elements of grandeur. Even during the weaker episodes, Darren McGavin's wonderful performance shines as the caustic world-endless, endless fun Kolchak really. He carries the series effortlessly in a way that, for example, Sarah Michelle Gellar never succeeded at "Buffy". McGavin was a great character actor and this series is worth watching for him alone.
