The unborn tells the story of a couple named Virginia (Brooke Adames) & Bradley Marshall (Jeff Hayenga), who has been trying to imagine for the past five years, Virginia has had two miscarriages since then and is desperate to have a child. They visit Dr. Richard Meyerling (James Karen) for help after being recommended by some of their friends, Dr. Meyerling says he will be able to help them get a baby. Dr. Meyerling operates in Virginia & it is soon confirmed that the operation has been a success & Virginia is pregnant. First, everything works perfectly, and the Marshall's couldn't be happier, but their picture perfect life doesn't last as long as Virginia's pregnancy develops problems, she becomes moody and out of character and she receives a worrying phone call from Beth Jane Cameron), another woman who has undergone Dr. Meyerling's procedure, which claims that Meyerling actually uses his patients to his own eerie ends and is actually a spoiled genetic researcher. Virginia begins to question what is growing inside of her ... Produced and led by Rodman Flender I actually thought The Unborn was a decent scare / thriller (it's certainly not a sci-fi movie that IMDb wanted you to to believe) that pleasantly surprised me. The script by Henry Dominic is trying to be different, and it should at least take credit for it. The unborn goes to psychological horror rather than cheap scares and bad special effects, it has quite a clever story that works and plays on basic human fears. It moves together at a reasonable pace, even though it's not exactly an action movie in any way. The Climax was good & seemed to be an appropriate way to round off things and the warnings of destroying with genetics seem even more relevant today than it must have been again, maybe Flender knew something the rest of us didn't. On the lower side, it lacks some utilization elements and is at the center of a dialogue driven movie that mainly focuses on a person so it can become a bit boring at times. Also, I have to mention what on Erath was the grinning black skateboarding dwarf all about eh? <br /> <br /> Director Flender does an OK job, The Unborn is far from the most stylish or visually interesting movie ever made, but it is good enough. The atmosphere is good & there is quite a bit of excitement as what Virginia has in her and Dr. Meyerling's creepy plans are not completely revealed until the last possible moment. Disappointing is the blood and does almost non-existent, which in a way lets the film fall because in retrospect nothing really memorable, The Unborn relies on good storytelling, which is fine, but for a week I doubt that I will remember too much about it. br /> <br /> Technically, the movie is ok, I imagine The Unborn had a rather low budget, but it is well made, although it is a bit boring and forgetful. The baby creature is actually a decent special effect and has quite realistic face movement. The act is good & this was one of the first plays credited to friends (1994-2004), star Lisa Kudrow, I must be honest, I don't like friends and I don't even know who she was in this, so I can't tell you how she did. <br /> <br /> The unborn is a good horror / thriller that deserves to be more known and seen, it is far superior to a lot of low budget crap that stuff video store shelves. If you're a horror fan and looking for something a little different, something a little more intelligent and thoughtful than usual, then I think you can do much worse than The Unborn. Followed by a dumbed down sequel The Unborn II (1994), which I saw right after this, check out my review if you want ..
