WARNING: POSSIBLE SPOILERS (but not really - continue reading). Ahhh, there are so many reasons to become totally dependent on this spoof gem that I don't have room to list them all. The opening credits put the playful scene with kitsch late 1950s cartoon stills; an enchanting Peres 'Prez' Prado mambo theme that seems to be curiously uncredited (but his grunts are unmistakable and no one else did them); and with well-known known names, including Kathy Najimi a year before she beat sister actions 1 & 2 plus Teri Hatcher from TV's Superman. <br /> <br /> Each scene is steeped in superficial injustices thrown at various actors, actresses, and daytime producers. Looking behind these careers is all just an excuse for an old-fashioned delicious farce. Robert Harling wrote this eerie spoof, which plays as a matter of MAD Magazine, but feels like a gift to us in the audience. Some of the clichés are slightly weak, but all drink high jealousy, especially against Celeste Talbert (Sally Field), the show's stubborn award winning lead, called "America's Sweetheart". The daily Emmies-like prize opening introduces us to Celeste's show, The Sun Also Sets. Unlike all in vain fears of the opposite, Celeste wins again. She is happy because it is always "such a real excitement": "Adam, did you? I won! Well, nguh ..." The reason for Adam's absence soon becomes the reason for the whole plot and we are immediately off at a trip with Celeste's neuroses. She cries, screeches and wings her hands, although the rest of the movie, while her dress Tawnee (Kathy Najimi, who constantly waddling after Celeste, invisible through Celeste's fog of paranoia) enjoys a taste for Tammy Faye Baker for whom Tawnee had been specially employed. <br /> <br /> Rosie Schwartz (Whoopi Goldberg) has seen it all before. She is the lead author of the show and she and Celeste have been excellent support networks for 15 years. So when Celeste freaks offers Rosie to write her out of the show for six months: "We're just saying Maggie went to visit with the Dalai Lama." But Celeste is in doubt: "I thought the Dalai Lama moved to LA." "- Well, there are some other llamas, Fernando Lamas!". Such a blast must be quite awful for the still-living beefcake actor Lorenzo Lamas, son of the aforementioned Fernando Lamas (1982). Those who can remember the economics teacher (Ben Stein) in Ferris Bueller's Day Off (1986) when he dying calls the reel ("Bueller. Bueller. Bueller") will keep secret from seeing him again as a nitwit writer. Another well-hidden cast member is Garry Marshall (in fact Mr Happy Days and Brother of Penny) who "gets paid $ 1.2 million to make the command decisions" on The Sun Also Sets - he says he certainly likes "peppy and cheap"; and Carrie Fisher as Betsy Faye Sharon, who is "a bitch". <br /> <br /> Geoffrey Anderson (Kevin Kline) is "yummy-with-a-spoon" (and by the way) the dinner theater actor now rescued from his hell by David Seaton Barnes (Robert Downey Jr.) and brought back to The same show he was can from 20 years earlier. Of course, this presents some logical challenges for current screenwriters, because his character, Rod Randall, should have been decapitated all those years ago. Somehow they make the logical difficulties, and Geoffrey Anderson comes out of choo-choo. <br /> <br /> Celeste can now only get worse and her trick over the Washington Bridge no longer helps. First, her hands shake as she tries to put on mascara, but she quickly degenerates into a stalker. Unfortunately, she can't get rid of Geoffrey Anderson so easily. Geoffrey has been promised the development of his one-man game about Hamlet, and he believes keeping the manufacturer on that promise. "I'm not going back to Florida no-how!" Geoffrey claims. "You are trying to play Willie Loman in front of a bunch of old farts to eat meatloaf!" And it's fun to see Geoffrey's dining lifestyle among all hocking and accidents. Back in Florida in his Willie Loman fat pack in his room, Geoffrey Anderson used to pick up to be called to the stage as "Mr Loman". He was forced to splatter what cockroaches crawled on the TV with a shoe, and to use forceps instead of the broken analog channel switch. Now he finds himself as the yummy surgeon dating Laurie Craven, the new object of the show; so he does not leave. <br /> <br /> Beautiful Elizabeth Shue (like Laurie) rounds out the amazing ensemble cast, all of which make the amazing work of those who know the stereotypes all too well. But of course, the course to true love never runs smoothly. Montana Moorehead (Cathy Moriarty) becomes impatient and waits for her star to rise and becomes desperate for publication. <br /> <br /> Will her plots finally succeed? Will Celeste settle in the nerves or will she first kill Tawnee? Will the producer get Mr Fuzzy? -You just have to see * the other half * of this totally beloved, dangerous malicious riot. And you really have to think about how the short-term Geoffrey reads his lines without glasses living on TelePrompter. If you're not stinging with stomach-raising laughter and tears leaning down your face, feel free to claim your money back for video rentals. Soapdish (1991) is an inescapable gem that you will have to see over and over again, because it is not often that a movie can provide so many hilarious lines. This is very well-built humor, almost everything in the writing. A drawing with Blazing Saddles (1974) for monstrous stroke value, although it is otherwise different. Look and cry. A happy source for everyone's video addiction. 10 out of 10
