There are two different ways to enjoy this snappily written, seminal TV show ("godfather" for X-Files and Buffy, etc.); as a monster show (it scared hell out of me when I was a kid!) or as a well-written / acted gumshoe / film noir. It works on both levels. The sharpness may have been diluted over the years (it was made in the mid 70's), but I was pleasantly surprised to rediscover the show (via DVD), that I actually enjoy it now for the latter reasons. The late Darren McGavin is Karl Kolchak, an eccentric, tenacious, space-filled newsman / monster hunter who, in the quest for a story, always finds a supernatural angle; much to the pain of Kolchak's overburdened, overwhelming boss Tony Vincenzo (the game with the enormous seizure of the late, great Simon Oakland, you can almost feel the pain of his budding wounds!). The interplay between these characters is crackling and witty (like STAR TREK's Spock and McCoy, only sober!). During two pilot TV movies and a season series, Kolchack fought vampires, robots, werewolves, witches, zombies, government conspirators, aliens and ancient legends (sounds like the entire 9-year race of X-Files! In a season!). And Kolchak did it first! And as to the cool part of the composer Gil Melle, the main title of the main title music ... X-Files creator Chris Carter calls Mike Snow's (very similar) X-Files main title theme a homage. Both themes work well; let it be And, unlike many modern horror / sci-fi shows, most of KOLCHAK's monsters appear in shade and in rapid cuts (effectively and sometimes fortunately, as some of them don't cater to modern control, but some still do ). Modern horror shows notes: Less is more! One of the few flaws in the show (and it is a small one) is the overuse of sunny California sites passing by the windy city of Chicago. NIGHT GALLERY had the same problem; Inevitable for a modest budget, L.A.-based show. And some of the supporting signs seem to fall into what is now seen as clichés (the unspoiled reporter, Ron Updike, has always used comic relief, sweet old lady / councilor Emily). But they all have their moments to shine (UNDER many supportive TV characters since, cliché or not!). KOLCHAK is a timeless show that serves as a template for many who followed. And Carl Kolchak is one of the richest characters ever written for a horror-genre television show (agent Mulder's REAL father). And as a footnote I tried to see a few episodes of the new "re-show" of the show. It's an X-Files clone (a copy of a copy?). And a bad, know it. Carl Kolchak is now a model-beautiful, angsty 30-something (played dismally by a boring Stuart Townsend). And giving him a Scully-type partner is also a lame idea; it undermines Kolchak as a lone, Don Quixote crusader! And Kolchak and Vincenzo WILL ALONG? Where is the excitement? The interaction? That they chose to hang the KOLCHAK name on this regurgitated bit o 'crap is an excellent example of how NOT to remake: Take a beloved cult series, scrape everything unique, drain it of all character and color (But keep that name! Does it need cult credit!), and voilà! Instant re-hash! It gets an 'F' in 'Re-Imaginings 101'! This new version RESERVES the ax! Stick with short life, but classic original. It really gets better with age.
