I loved KOLCHAK: NIGHT STALKER since I saw it at night it premiere on September 13, 1974. I loved the monsters who seemed scary at the time and the cool music of Gil Melle (hello, where are the soundtrack guys?) And have often thought on what makes this show so complete to me and has finally concluded that the cause of it lasts when many others are not a single, important element, it has that almost no other scary show seems to have, and it is a main character who most people can relate to on an everyday level. When Darren McGavin's Carl Kolchak begins to discover odd situations, he reacts like most people would. He finds them odd, and when he gets closer to his father, he is scared even though he knows he has to move forward to try to defeat what threat is being displayed in that episode. It is rare that he is brave enough to stand up to a superior supernatural power. He usually puts a trap and hides or waits in the wings to see if it works. Sometimes he seems surprised that he managed to defeat an enemy as we are. In an episode, he goes to find a monster in a sewer, but when he first sees it, he runs to get out of there, but is caught so reluctantly, he must go back and defend himself. He is heroic because he is willing to do things most of us probably would not do, but that does not mean he probably would not much rather anyone else did it instead of him. He is a regular guy, does a job, tries to make money, not a monster hunter. He is just wrapped in things that involve the supernatural that he is interested in, but he will not be hurt or killed any longer than any of the others of us do. If his plan to defeat the creature did not work, you would often see him run for his life to get away from it, which of course is what I would do in the situation. Therefore, I often look at the climax of the show through my fingers as a child. Kolchak was sympathetic, and you were worried if something bad had happened to him. You were afraid of him and of the other signs too. The producers and the authors knew, of course, that everyone can create a monster suit, scary music and lead an exciting scene, but it is far too nothing if you don't care about the characters. Darren McGavin said the reason the show only lasted for the season was because he was tired of making a "monster of the week" show and he decided not to continue. I can tell you that I was mourned when this show was canceled when I was a child, but as an adult I can see why it could not move forward in that formula for a very long time. I still love the 20 episodes and two movies starring McGavin as bumbling, determined and cartilage, but kindhearted reporter for INS, known as Carl Kolchak. I seriously doubt anyone doing shows or movies will ever really understand why I loved the show. It's not the monsters, darkly lit sets, ghastly music or goofy guest stars, though they are all important ingredients. The secret of that success is the title - "Kolchak: The Night Stalker". Without McGavin's beloved, bumbling Carl Kolchak to root and watch, it's just not a Night Stalker.
