Bill Crains rarely than rare slasher films certainly do not follow the standard and slash guidelines that have become so important to his colleagues. The bogeyman this time uses grenades and small arms as well as a fantastic selection of melee weapons; - A sin that is almost unacceptable in most post-Halloween genre pieces. But there is still only enough knowledge to keep slasher buffs from checking the rule book and the plot never removes too far from the path you have grown to expect. Like Wally Koz surprisingly decent 555 apparently put together with the help of various family members, Mirage seems to have been a common production from relatives to the director. Looking through the credits I saw several 'Crains' listed in key positions throughout the construction of the function. But despite a fairly good distribution across the globe, the film did not get any impression on either side of the Atlantic, and now it has become quite a phantom on the VHS market. Nevertheless, did it just appeal to me even more, and I tense my resources to track down a copy? <br /> <br /> It's all in the middle of the dessert, which I certainly agree with, is hardly the most exciting place. With that said, however, I must admit that there will probably be no chance that any nosy John Q Laws will come up unexpectedly. Four unthinkable beautiful youngsters run into the sand for a night of degradation and frolics that always seem to rub homicide maniacs the wrong way. Chris (Jennifer McAllister) and her boyfriend Greg (Kenny Johnson) meet with entertaining New Age Hippies Trip (Kevin McParland) and Mary (Nicole Anton) at a dirt campsite in the middle of the dune-like desert. Greg's older brother Kyle (Todd Schaefer) and his trouser boyfriend Bambi (Laura Albert) will soon be coming to join the body counter in their quest for an early grave. Kyle used to dance Chris before his younger brother took the liberty to steal his press? something that Kyle doesn't seem to be too eager to forget. Sounds like a motif to a massacre? Well, what do you expect? Before long, an invisible person comes running a truck with tinted windows, along with a unique set of tricks up the sleeve. Will any of the children survive to become a successor? <br /> <br /> I've been having trouble tracking down any information about this feature at all. I don't even know if director Bill Crain is aka William Crain ?? the man behind Midnight Fear and Blacula among others. Mirage probably doesn't appear on his official filmography, so your guess is as good as mine. Judging by the credible work behind the camera, I have to say that I find it hard to believe that this is the debut of a man without previous film experience. The film has been stylishly photographed with some amazing work by DP Michael Crain, and the director has a credible talent to build excitement when needed. R. Christopher Biggs' Gore FX is imaginatively created and cruel, and kudos to the sleepy head over to the BBFC, which inexplicably lets this pass through UNCUT on a normally stringent 18-rating. A couple of the murders are actually extremely macabre. A guy is buried to his throat in sand before he comes face to face with a grenade, while another ends up being literally deadless after losing a fight with a chain and a pick-up truck! There is also some black humor that is certainly unintentional. We use most of the function and see only the killer's boots as he steers out of his vehicle and steals the young. But when revealed to hilarious, Keanu Reeves resembles Bill and Ted's Bogus Journey, I didn't quite know what to expect. Luckily, Crain knows exactly how to keep things scary, and the showdown is particularly mediocre thrilled as the psychologist cheats Chris sadistically. <br /> <br /> There are some surprisingly good performances exhibited from an extremely inexperienced cast. Divine Jennifer McAllister does a great job as a heroine and a B.G. Steers depicts his rocker dementia with finesse. The Casting director deliberately chose to select some of the most beautiful women ever slaughtered in the slasherbiography, and it is gratefully not to the detriment of the thespianic potential. The soundtrack works well to build the desolate atmosphere of isolation, which is meticulously handled by a director who should have been signed and raised by Hollywood bigwigs. Beware of the amazing nightmare sequence that is truly horror movie production at the most freakiest. <br /> <br /> Mirage is a good late access to the bike, which was somewhat unfortunate to miss a boom year placed among the slasherelite. When you consider that this was done with only a throw of seven and a pick up truck, you have to say that they did a wonderful job. The shortcomings are many, but never diminish the credibility of the net result. Unfortunately, you probably got a better chance of finding liquid gold in your coffee mug than you've ever tracked a copy of. If you see this covered with dust on the top shelf of your local video store, make sure you pick it up. Recommended.
