This should be, hands down, hats off, one of the most outrageous comedies ever made. Beginning with the animated blowing, popping bubbles, the entrance to the Daytime Awards, the usual fake drifting spear of the stars on the red carpet, the repetitive and ill-acted acceptance speech, the poisonous comments published by the actors jealous co-stars and producer under false smile. Now it is only in the first few minutes. Then the hell breaks loose from there and it just gets more hectic and ridiculous. Ridiculous in a good way, no, make it a good way. This was the first time I had seen the always charming Teri Hatcher. Although I cannot be a desperate housewives supporter, she is always reliable - as is Lois & Clark. Not a big supporter, but if I run over an episode, I'll see it. Robert Downey, Jr., Makes a great trip like slimy, smarmy, snaky, sycophantic David Seaton Barnes, the producer who wanted to give his right eye to see Sally Fields Celeste Talbert leaving the show, if only at last get it with Cathy Moriartys Montana Moorehead. <br /> <br /> As she was everywhere, Moriarty shines in this movie, as she did. Here's all she has to do, screaming "I HATE I HATE YOU SHORT!" or give one of her anti-Celeste co-conspirators a laugh, and she's rolling me in the hallways. Yes, Cathy Moriarty is a very gifted actress and a hell of a comedienne. Sally Field deviates happily from the usual 70-MM-sized lifetime Tragedy of the Week movie, and we are all reminded why she is the one she is today, having started in scared comedies. Her subsequent years of drama had hidden her sense of humor, but as a cocoa larva, the brilliant comedienne has blossomed and it was pleasing to see her as fun as she was. Things with dramatic actors and actresses are what you see in such serious roles that you associate them with their character, and you can't believe it when you see them finally having fun on the screen. <br /> <br /> How lucky were the manufacturers to land Carrie Fisher if it were just a glorious cameo. She does not know what a presence she is wearing on the screen. She plays a role that could easily have been forgotten in the hands of a small actress, but she owns the character and it seems she wrote it herself. <br /> <br /> How lucky was Elisabeth Shue getting thrown in the middle of all this! At that time she was not really known too much. Adventure in childcare was sweet (yes, I was drawn to an evening show that I had to pay full price), but she kept my attention - much. But here she does most of her character - the star's niece, who falls in love with the star's ex-co-star-and-laws, which of course turns out to be the niece's father, and the star turns out to be the poor girl's mother. I stop there - I feel I almost wrote a book about this brilliant scrub comedy, or at least a novela. If you've seen it, recognize. If you don't, you've missed a real classic, but not really. The DVDs are made of a material that lasts for at least 25 years, and this movie is timeless, so what in hell.
