In fact, some of the best films categorized as "comedies" are the veil between comedy and drama. "Graduate" and "Butch Cassidy and Sundance Kid", also made in the late 1960s, are perfect examples. Are they comedies with dramatic undertones, or dramas with a lot of humor? In many respects, "The Odd Couple" falls into this same category in order to be both comedy yet highly dramatic, with a deep foundation on human nature. Much of what happens can be fun for the audience, but the characters don't laugh. <br /> <br /> Despite the rather luminous television show in the 1970s, the original "Odd Couple" is not just about a nice guy and messy guy forced to live together because of their marital status . It's really about two contradictions that have to face why their marriages fell apart and how their harmful idiosyncrasies reveal themselves outside of their marriage. Neatness, characteristic of Felix Ungar (Jack Lemon's perfect cast) and messiness, characteristic of Oscar Madison (Walter Matthau), is only the beginning and something superficial. When the story unfolds, we find that there is much more to these men than simply to messiness. In short, the story of Felix Ungar, facing an imminent divorce from his wife Francis, which we never meet but is an important character throughout history. On the border of suicide, Ungar goes to the only place he knows: the apartment in Oscar Madison, where a group of poker friends hang out so often. We learn that Ungar is not only a member of this "poker club", but the group knows what is happening to him and tries in their inertial way to help. Madison figures the best way to help Ungar let him move in with him until his suicidal tendencies wear out. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately for Madison he does not know what he gets into. Madison is a carefree lucky lucky if it is something irresponsible slob who is a refrigerator that was probably cleaned when Herbert Hoover was still in The White House. Madison's idea of ​​serving snacks grabs the mold cheese and adheres them between two pieces of bread and then throws the contents of a bag of chips on the table. On the other hand, he enjoys spirits and women, in short it has a good time. <br /> <br /> Kids are not only completely different, he is diametrically opposed. He is not only an obsessive neatness nut who finds more pleasure in disinfecting the apartment than meeting women, but he knows more than most women do about cooking and dining. At one point he does not call his ex-wife to talk about uniting, but to get his recipe for meatloaf. At another time, Ungar would spend the rest of the evening cabbage cabbage for coleslaw. When Madison seems unimpressed, Ungar finally recognizes that he only did it for his roommate because he can't stand coleslaw. Who is that guy? But he has another inviting feature: Felix is ​​also a hypochondriac. He occupies his health to the point where he makes strange noises in public places and claims he helps his sinuses. He seems to have all the health conditions in the book. And if they did more, Felix would probably have them. In the end, he is excessively self-absorbed. <br /> <br /> Running through the movie is a reference to marriage. At a time when Madison is trying to convince Ungar to move in, he says, "What do you want, a wedding ring?" But little does he know that it is not the cozy guy who cannot handle the messy guy, but vice versa. Their friendship becomes an accidental hell. And the climax occurs when Oscar invites two lone British sisters to interact with both comic and tragic results. This is one of the best comedies of its kind ever written and not to be missed, with superlative performances by Walter Matthau and Jack Lemon in roles that are hard to imagine better played by anyone else. It is unfortunate that writing of this caliber is unfortunately missing from most comedies produced today.
