The original movie, The Odd Couple, has some amazing comic strips. The whole world seems to know the story of the neurotic gorgeous freak Felix Ungar and the fun, unpleasant, slap Oscar Madison. This merging of mismatched roommates created one of the most successful television series all the time as well as countless, not anywhere near as good, imitations. The Odd Couple movie has some wonderful jokes about Oscar's apartment and his sloppy habits. He says, "Who wants food?" One of his poker player comrades asks, "What are you doing?" Oscar says, "I got brown sandwiches and green sandwiches." "What is brown?" It is either very new cheese or very old meat! "I also love the line of Oscar's fridge." It has been out of order for two weeks, I saw milk in there that wasn't even in a bottle! "There is no doubt that Walter Matthaus Oscar Madison is a joy to watch on the screen. He is almost as good as Jack Klugman's version in the TV series. <br /> <br /> The problem with the film is Jack Lemmons Felix Ungar "Jack is doing a very, very honest job. The problem is that he makes Felix SO depressed and depressed that he becomes more annoying than comic. Tony Randall's series performance brings that kind of humor, warmth and sensitivity to Felix's character as Lemmon's depiction is lacking. Toners Felix Unger could clearly be annoying at times, but in the TV series it related to specific situations where the annoyance was needed in the story. fun or inter ESTNING The film Felix Ungar is a roommate who drives you all the way. <br /> <br /> The movie still has good moments that endure the test of time, the "famous" meatloaf battle is one of the greatest scenes ever! One of the other good examples of Felix's "small notes" on Oscar's pillow will be remembered forever. However, there are some darker sides where Oscar goes over the top, his "crying" near the end after bringing Felix out, and a scene with Felix's Linguine dinner (although it is bright with a fun line) seems more depressing than comic. br /> <br /> Perhaps there was not enough time to see the lighter side of these characters, which made the series so memorable in the movie. The beginning of 20 minutes is very boring. The same problem arises with Felix's conversation with Pidgeon Sisters. The movie's end is predictable and pat. There is very little care or compassion for each of them at the other. The result is that the darker side of the movie leads to a lot of depression and anger, rather than comedy, unless you see the big scenes described above. It seems that Jack Lemmon's monotone persona from Felix brings the film down instead of amplifying or embracing the comedy between the characters. It really took the 1970s TV series to make The Odd Couple the best it could be. The original movie is still very good. But the TV series is much better.
