I don't think I've really given Walter Matthau his guilt as a comedian. He has certainly been wonderful in lots of light-hearted roles, but I always think that I always put her success into the grumpiness and ruthlessness of his characters, a gruff contrast to his frequent co-star Jack Lemmon's flamboyant personality, and I suppose is a natural extension of his previous work in dramatic pictures. Look at Gene Saks' 'The Odd Couple (1968)', adapted to a popular Neil Simon game, cleverly realized: Matthau is quite fun in itself! First and foremost, the audience, as dirty, raw, and generally tireless, finally strikes his Oscar Madison to turn his way into our hearts, culminating in a hilarious overburden of emotion, which Matthau rages into a voice that is not entirely own. At the same time, while holding his own as a comedian, his interaction with Lemmon is of course perfect; In fact, the film really belongs to both actors who never want to turn on the cinema screen by themselves, let alone together. <br /> <br /> Remember Billy Wilder's manuscript for 'The Apartment (1960)', this Neil Simon comedy builds around a pretty morbid premise. Compulsive house-cleaner Felix Unger (Lemmon), who has just been expelled by his wife for twelve years, is attempting to commit suicide, but fails the idea after he destroys his back and tries to open the hotel window. Discarded he comes to the house of good friend Oscar (Matthau), a divorced slob who lives alone on a diet of potato slices and green sandwiches (which can contain either very new cheese or very old meat!). Oscar kindly offers Felix a place to live, but is soon overwhelmed by his friend's finest personality and constantly insists on absolute cleanliness. The couple is an unusual kind of marriage arrangement with Felix, who assumes the role of the rugged and constantly nagging wife, and Oscar as the sloppy, unacceptable man who always comes home later than he should. This is a marriage that hardly lasts three weeks, and at the end of it we can completely sympathize with Felix's former wife, who remains invisible. ' The Odd Couple is a great comedy, most of all because it has a lot of heart. For all their arguments, it is obvious that the two roommates have a lot of devotion to each other, most moving seen when Felix tries to start in a furious tirade instead ?? maybe accidentally ?? End up informing Oscar how he "tops" him. The couple's four poker comrades (John Fiedler, Herb Edelman, David Sheiner and Larry Haines) also interfere with some unclear irritations, but you can't deny that they have the best of intentions. Their decision to treat Felix as if nothing had happened to him might have sounded fine in theory but perhaps ignored, was not quite the right solution to Felix's bad feelings of inadequacy and inconsistency. Unlike some comedies based on popular scene games {I was recently disappointed with Wilder's' The Seven Year Itch (1955)}, this movie not only hits the same chord all the time, and the relationship between the two leaders gradually evolves through tears, laughter and much disagreement.
