There is more to offer in the opening of The Odd Couple than in most of most movies. Felix Unger (the poor guy's monogram himself is due) checks for a hotel in New York. A cleaning lady says "Goodnight". "Goodbye," he answers back. In his room he empties his pockets, so he struggles to take his wedding ring out to put the items neatly into an envelope, directed to his wife and beloved children. When the viewer finally puts it together ?? aha, he's going to by himself ?? we see him struggle to open the window ?? oh no, he's going to jump ?? The poor guy damages his lower back. This is all you need to know about Felix Unger ?? his wife has left him, he is a forced cleaner and he is a hypochondriac. And all in one scene. This is the special genius of Neil Simon's comedy ?? It's about situation and character. There are few obvious physical jokes ?? no kick to the groin, no cheap gags ?? just funny characters in unpleasant situations. And of course he is a master to manipulate the audience's expectations. Coming from Swinger's era, imagine what I believed in the date scene when Felix begins to complain about the breach of his marriage with the girls, his roommate Oscar has worked so hard to get into his apartment. He's blowing it, isn't it? Think again. The girls love his sensitivity, his ability to cry in front of them. They invite him back to their place when his onion is burned because Oscar was not aware of it. He's like Flynn, right? Uh, yes, but he doesn't want the girls because he feels vulnerable. Good cases. And it's made even bigger with a style that minimizes editing and maximizes the wonderful eight-bedroom apartment set. You have Jack Lemmon and slouchy, pouchy Walter Matthau for Chrissakes, why clean it up? The visual style reminded me of breakfast at Tiffany, as the great effect is made by a great depth of field and the interaction between the different action plans. Particularly memorable is the scene where Felix flies from Oscar, closing only one partition to realize that the partition does not cover the page where Oscar comes from. You get a real sense of the apartment, and hence the neighborhood where the two divorce lives. Twist here is that these two are really married ?? to each other. So the observations of married life that can be ignored in a regular romantic comedy are made more exciting as they are two guys.
