In the 1930s, studios would use short films like this as a test site for new actors, as they were relatively easy to produce in comparison to full-length films, so it is interesting that this should be the star Shirley Temple that had long ago established itself as the most famous child star of all time. Then again she was probably not the one who was tested, I could imagine it would have been Frank Coghlan Jr. who played Shirley's brother Sonny in the movie and delivered a relatively less impressive performance. Then again, a 9-year-old Shirley Temple was probably not an easy act to accompany. <br /> <br /> The film opens with an impressive singagag that involves a delicious ceiling that I assume was designed to have Shirley Temple give a glimpse of the ceiling, illustrate the family class working class status in the movie and give a clean transition to the next scene, which makes Shirley happy stomping in the rain. It is Sonny's anniversary and his father does occasionally and terribly botched efforts to hide the fact that he will give Sonny a dog that he really wants for himself, but Sonny is afraid of dogs because he was bitten by sometime. and has been crawled out ever since. It is curious that when his father insists on getting a dog, Sonny decides to run from home rather than having a dog in the house, and as he runs away without a destination in sight, it is also curious that the film illustrates what seems to be an indifference to the homeless, even exceeding the astonishing indifference that exists today. <br /> <br /> Sonny passes a man who boils bacon in an iron skillet next to the train tracks (just after a train flew which, considering how close the tracks he was, you would have thought would have blown the guy straight out of the tracks, but no matter). After Sonny stops sharing breakfast because of the sour stare that his happy smile receives from the guy, he continues on, and the homeless guy disappears from the movie. It is interesting to consider what a longer movie would have done, because one leaves this poor guy as a loose end. <br /> <br /> Not what matters, Sonny soon hears a dog laughing under a belly as he passes over it and jumps down to find a dog covered in burrs. It may happen that he immediately picks up the dog and adopts it when he just left home because of his fear of dogs, but it seemed to me that he just had to be reminded of his power over dogs, but of Their lack of power over him. As soon as he saw a dog in distress, he overcame his fear. <br /> <br /> Hey, if that's all it takes, all I have to do is find a helpless spider and I'm ready! <br /> <br /> It's a very convenient movie where everything works exactly as it should, but it's cute enough and comfortable enough (and short enough as it was) to still be a fun movie. We don't expect an epic plot in a 19-minute movie, but Pardon My Pups still packs a great story and character development in a short time. And it also has a battle scene at the end of the movie that must have made Charlie Chaplin proud. I'm hardly an expert on Shirley Temple movies, but it's not hard to see how she became the most famous child star of all time.
