I received this movie from a cousin in Norway and had to convert it from Norwegian to American format with a copied video. Comparing this film (1948) with Heroes of Telemark (1965), the struggle for heavy water casts saboteurs themselves and plays their respective roles, although actors were also thrown to play the roles of saboteurs who have given their lives in Norway's struggle for freedom in later campaigns . The foundation is in four languages: Norwegian together with French, German and English (complete with Norwegian subtitles). <br /> <br /> Impressive during the history of history was what led to the battle. French researchers were interested in obtaining approx. 200 kg of heavy water from Norsk Hydro in Vemork to return to France to do laboratory tests on its effectiveness. At the same time, the Nazis were also interested in getting heavy water to build a secret weapon. The French were worried that the Nazis could take early steps by invading Norway, and by secret codes their husband escaped Nazi spies on his journey to Oslo, where he received the heavy water and made it back without hindrance. He was watched by two spies when he boarded an airline, but they did not see him jumping off the other side, crossing the asphalt to another nearby aircraft where his cargo was waiting for him. This clever trick worked by using the flight as a bait, which the Nazis later pushed into Hamburg. <br /> <br /> But the invasion of Norway on the morning of April 9, 1940 took over the Nazis Norsk Hydro and It was up to the Norwegian underground and British intelligence in London to act. Professor Leif Trondstad gave voluntary service to eleven young Norwegians; The "Swallow" and "Gunnerside" groups, who would successfully sabotage heavy water production in Vemork. This was shown in detail on how they actually performed the operation, including the ferry vessel's synchronization, after the Nazis left Norsk Hydro to transport heavy water on railway wagons to Berlin. <br /> <br /> The quality of the movie was fair, although there were many splits in the movie. I highly recommend this movie to anyone interested in WWII history.
