"In April 1946, the University of Chicago decided to run the Argonne National Laboratory with an association of midwestern universities offering to sponsor the research. Thus, Argonne became the first" national "laboratory. However, it was not in its original location in the Argonne forest. In 1947, moving further west from "Windy City" to a new location on the Illinois farmland, when Alvin Weinberg visited Argon's director Walter Zinn in 1947, he asked him what type of reactor was to be built on the new site. Operating on one-tenth of the material test reactor under design at Oak Ridge, Weinberg would joke it would be simpler if Zinn took Oak Ridge design and operated Material Testing Reactor at a tenth capacity. The wit appeared accidentally prophetic. "<br /> < The S-50 plant used convection to separate the isotopes into thousands of high columns. It was built next to the K-25 power plant which provided the necessary steam. Much less efficient than K-25, the S-50 factory was torn down after the war. Concerned that the Atomic Energy Commission research program could be too academic, Lilienthal established a selection of industrial advisers and during a November visit to Oak Ridge, he discussed with the Clark Center, head of Carbide & Carbon, a subsidiary of Union Carbide Corporation in Oak Ridge. for the company to take over the management of the laboratory. <br /> <br /> Prince Henry (of Prussia) arrives in Washington and visits the German Embassy (1902). Apparently, with Prince Henry of Prussia under the principles of science and its dangers, they were already concerned about the use of new science in military applications. Hohenzollern (1902 / II), "Kaiser Wilhelm's amazing yacht at the 34th St. Pier, New York. Taken at the exact time of Prince Henry's arrival and the swelling of the royal standard." If Royalty knew about these necessary precautions for bourgeois welfare, then what was the need for the WWI and WWII war. The quality of the control I suppose? <br /> <br /> So do Operation Swallow commands volunteer for a military mission or business plan based on the security principles of laboratory management? Because they apparently were not survivors and those caught in Europe ordered to be executed. Of the 400-man commandos, the survivors captured were executed under orders from the German army against subversion and espionage from Germany. <br /> <br /> Führer No. 003830/42 g. OKW / WFSt, Führer HQ, October 18, 1942, (signed) Adolph Hitler; Translation of document no. 498-PS, Office of US Chief of Counsel, certified copy Kipp Major, declassified DOD 5200.30 March 23, 1983, reproduced on US National Archives. OSS Society® 6723 Whittier Ave., 200 McLean, VA 22101
