It sounds a little awkward to call a film about war and holocaust shocking, as many of us know only too well about the horrors that war and violence bring. By using the adjective "shocking" I do not intend to cause me to be surprised by the things that were told about in this movie or that I was previously unaware of them, just because I am very impressed over the way this movie shows how crazy and incomprehensible it is to kill each other, either with or without a 'ground'. <br /> <br /> The first part of the film focuses on Hanna's successful participation in Hungarian resistance. Maruschka Detmers would never have won an Oscar for this achievement because of inconsistent management, but still her play is solid enough and she has huge charisma. She is thrown very well as Hanna and immediately has our sympathy. Of course, her very pretty appearance helps, but it has nothing to do with her simply being a good actress who plays a good role. <br /> <br /> Certain inconsistencies occur in Hanna's War. I sometimes get the idea director Menahem Golan (often despised by The Gianni Versace Murder) and it should actually have allowed a couple of times per. Scene. On the other hand, I am very grateful that he made this impressive and thought-provoking film, and since I am very positive about it, I think he did a good job. <br /> <br /> The other half of the movie is the most interesting and tragic. It focuses on Hanna's suffering (beware of Donald Pleasence's frightening depiction of the cruel and sardinian captain Rosza) and shows intensely the injustice and horror that comes with hatred and violence and war. I receive the Hanna War, especially the second half, as a strong anti-war film, and for that alone, Golan deserves credit. It is also this second half where Maruschka Detmer's talent comes out, creating a character that goes into film history as one of the most numerous, powerful and tragic ever imagined. It's also great to see Ellen Burstyn, whose appearance and acting always reminds me of Romy Schneider, who - if she had lived and cast - would have made a correspondingly effective contribution to Hanna's War. <br /> <br /> Tragic effects of the second half and the desperate excitement sometimes replaced by hopeful prospects and good news lead to a series of final scenes that show something so unexpected, so moving and poetic in its tragedy that It struck me as a bomb and left me in tears. And when I realized once again, it wasn't even fiction, it all happened, I found myself in even more tears. The picture of Hanna depicted by Maruschka Detmer will be in my mind forever.
