This movie captures very much, but it is usually based on the horrible appearance and covered / sticky version of the movie that played American TV, and has also been put to death on VHS and DVD buying companies like Alpha, Unicorn, etc. This Movie never had a theater release in the states, although it was admitted by Avco Embassy in 1973. In Spain at the time when there was nudity involved, the filmmakers shot two versions, one with clothes and one with out. The completely unknown English duplicate export print is called WEREWOLF NEVER SLEEPS and seems to have been released for home video only in Sweden back in the 80s. It can be found on Ebay and likes and comes highly recommended. My guess is that Avco cut the film down for an R release that never happened. In 1974, it was released by Avco to television titled FURY OF THE WOLFMAN, and the clad version was used for this television print. Cut 12 years later, and FURY OF THE WOLFMAN appears on home video on the charter label. This version seems to be what Avco was going to release in '73. It's the unveiled version, with some nudity that would never get on TV or in a PG movie. There are several scenes on the charter band that play out with nudity dressed in television printing (the source of all the dollars, Dud and VHS editions). But a comparison with the completely unknown WOLFMAN NEVER SLEEPS reveals that 2 scenes are cut on this version! (spoilers in the next section) The scene where Ilona has Waldermar chained to the wall and whips him after he turns into werewolf is incomplete. After submitting him to submission, she begins to remove her clothes and begins to love the werewolf !!! Werewolf reacts positively to these sexual shenanigans as well. This scene is certainly one of the most unusual in the history of horror film and is a scary treat. It's not graphic, but the implicit bestiality was too much for the American audience, or more likely MPAA. Ilona is in despair of Waldemar and could not possess him, and thus her entire system is capable of controlling Waldermar's wife and involving her in an affair. She wanted to destroy her marriage and she achieves this while Waldemar is in Tibet. Unfortunately, he returns a werewolf, but it does not bring her down. If she can't physically get him as a man, she loves him enough to have sex with him as a werewolf. This also helps to explain the later scene where the werewolves go down with a woman, he stains by being naked before bed while looking through the window. This scene is presented sans nudity in the covered version and really makes no sense. In the unknown version, it seems that Ilona's feelings have made the werewolf horny and in need of release so he rapes the first woman he can escape. The other rock is a complete scene of Waldemar in bed with Karen and she is seen naked. A very similar bedroom scene was cut out by the American version of WEREWOLF SHADOW (WEREWOLF VS THE VAMPIRE WOMAN) too. However, the film has problems for sure. The director was drunk, the bad are in favor of werewolf on points, the terrible English dubbing, the inclusion of sequences from the first Waldemar movie WOLFMAN'S MARKED aka FRANKENSTEIN'S BLOODY TERROR, and the grotesque overuse of the movie's music score through, etc. original widescreen format and uncut (ie: WEREWOLF NEVER SLEEPER) it is one of the wildest and most scandalous of the Daninsky Writing Series, with a plot line unparalleled in it's anything other than kitchen sink access. The cut / glued pan and scan full-screen examples of this movie do not benefit, and unfortunately that version almost everyone commented on the movie has seen. The movie carries a copyright from 1970 and I bet the release date of 1972 on IMDb is wrong. The film precedes WEREWOLF SHADOW (aka WEREWOLF VS THE VAMPIRE WOMAN) in the series and was definitely released before WEREWOLF SHADOW. The end of WEREWOLF NEVER SLEEPS / FURY OF WOLFMAN dovetails directly into the opening of WEREWOLF SHADOW, which provides concrete evidence of this. Unfortunately, a full version of this can never get a decent release. A perfect release would be the unknown English version, but in Spanish with English subtitles. The English dubbing hurts the movie. But any Spanish version would reflect the covered version as shown in Spain in the Franco era, where nudity was forbidden.
