A riotous farce set in the world of glamorous daytime soap soap! This movie is fun! You may have a taste of movies with screaming, hysterical dialogue, over-the-top plays and melodramatic plot phrases. But if you do, you're in a hell of a treat. <br /> <br /> Sally Field plays Celeste Talbert, two-day television queen of misery. Celeste's cushy life is thrown into disruption with the unexpected arrival of Lori Craven (Elisabeth Shue), her long lost niece, and at the same time, Jeffrey Anderson (Kevin Kline - amazing as always), Celestes long ago loves. But Celeste has hidden a deep, dark secret, and the arrival of Lori and Jeffrey can only bring it to the surface. Add in the devilish Montana Moorehead (a wonderful Cathy Moriarty, in his full "beautiful free-fashion testosterone woman") who is trying hard to destroy Celeste's career; David (Robert Downey, Jr.), the Weenie-Boy soap producer who secretly plots with Montana to destroy Celeste; and, Rose Schwarz (Whoopi Goldberg), scriptwriter and Celeste's one real confidant, and you're in a heaping that helps with subplots and general chaos. Chaotic comedies like this are difficult to perform (remember any 'Mixed Nuts'?), But when done well, it can be pretty awkward fun! An important ingredient needed for any good comedy is the casting of experienced pros who know that many times the funniest things are not said, but seen in an expression or a look. Field, Kline, Goldberg and the rest work together so well and clearly have a good time that it's hard not to be drawn in by their energy and enthusiasm. Shue is obviously the weakest link here, but she only draws attention to herself because she is surrounded by Field, Kline, et al. Moriarty is a stand-out in the flashy villainess role so you think of the hottest damn dominatrix you've ever seen !! There are also many well-known faces that you will recognize in small (yet all very fun) roles, including Carrie Fisher, Garry Marshall, Kathy Najimy and Teri Hatcher. Director Michael Hoffman keeps the pace fast and the histrionic plot moves toward the great finish. There must also be mentioned Robert Harling's manuscript, carefully designed to arrange a soap opera within a soap opera. The dialogue boils with great lines, delivered brilliantly by the actors (I would be willing to bet that many of these things were improvised). <br /> <br /> See if you want to see a bunch of benefits do what they do best and have a great time doing it, get your hands on it. If not for something else, it will put you in a good mood and make you laugh!
