Someday someone will write an essay comparing Paul Naschy's "Wolfman's rage" with the great Spanish surrealist movies, "L'age D'or" and "Un Chien Andelou". Naschyfilm is a masterpiece of delirium from the beginning to the end. Dali and Bunuel loved it safely and ate their hearts to see someone do with such apparent ease what they had to stretch their brains to pull. <br /> <br /> The film lacks a coherent structure, although it has a plot moving from A to B to C. Some mishmash about a "Professor Walterman" - his first name, remember you - bitten by a yeti monster during an expedition to Tibet and has not been the same since, which is understandable. One of his zealous colleagues, the then daughter of the renowned Doctor Wolfstein, knows about his condition and reveals that his wife has cheated him. But it is a setup for a twisted scientific experiment to release its inner animal. <br /> <br /> "Walterman" flips out, turns into a werewolf, kills a few people, is electrocute, dies, is buried, undeveloped, taken to a slot filled with circus freaks, wired to various machines, zapped with different electronic effects, injected with potent elixirs, are chained up, become a werewolf, a woman in an evening dress with thigh high Nazi fetish boots whip him escaping, helping the beautiful female doctor find her way out of the castle, fends off circus freaks with A fight ax, eventually returning to a werewolf, and has to fight to death against female werewolf incarnation of her cheating wife. The lady with the Nazi boots shoots him with silver balls from his Luger gun, they die together, and the beautiful doctor goes out in the morning with the studly reporter who did nothing. "Look! What a beautiful day it is!" <br /> <br /> "La Furia del Hombre Lobo" was written by Paul Naschy in a hurry. Original director Enrique Eguilez was fired and replaced by José María Zabalza, a drunk who was drunk intoxicated throughout production. He was often unable to work (though he took time to instruct his 14-year-old nephew to make some changes to the manuscript), and Naschy ended up managing a lot of the film that was not approved. Zabalza did rally enough to cut some action scenes from one of Naschy's previous films, "Mark of the Wolfman". Fortunately, the scenes were good enough to use twice, even though the costumes were different and helped to mush around the time after Zabalza refused to get out of bed to finish the movie. Post production was a nightmare. Nobody knew who made the editing, the money went out, the main print disappeared for a while, and then by a pre-release screen for a movie distributor, the executor arrived to find Zabalza urinating in the gutter in front of the theater. He was too full to find the toilet, but at least he did it to the edge. <br /> <br /> But somehow the movie works if you let it go. It keys into the atavistic memories we have about creepy castles, vaulted catacombs, chains, whips, gloomy ants. Fans of these kinds of things will find it hypnotically visible, although the story as a whole does not make much sense because of the breakdown of discontinuity of the outbreak. At one stage the rain and the wolf cry in the light; in the next shot it is bone dry and he howls in the full moon. Then it rains again. And yet you don't see it as a gaffe. It's like an unfolding dream where contradictions are possible, contradictions are the same, and the effects go on First, the wolfman picks up the power cable and screams, and then the cable begins to spark with electricity. People say the low budget hurts the overall efficiency - I say the movie would have been unwatchable if they had a penny more to spend. It is a marvel to do something out of nothing and fail because of what it might have had, but because of what it does. It's easy to laugh at things like this and even easier to reject it. The trick is to see through the chaos, or rather to view the chaos as part of the effect. <br /> <br /> Last week, Paul Naschy died at the age of 75. He had been ill with pancreatic cancer for a year or more, worked on film projects up to his last days, but died in Madrid, Spain, with his family while receiving chemotherapy. His rich, varied and surprisingly long career is a legacy of a man who stubbornly pursues his artistic vision in the face of universal mainstream disinterest. And yet, in all of us, there is an eleven-year-old child who wants to see his films as "Fury of the Wolfman" in awe. Even people who don't like Euro Horror will discover something in this movie to wonder if only for a moment on a few spots. You can find it for free at Archive.Org or even buy it on a DVD for a nickel. It's worth far, far more. <br /> <br /> Naschy was horrified to learn that many others like myself consider this twisted, sick, demented little movie as a classic, not a direct masterpiece of cinema dementia. The problems he experienced during the production and rotting of a movie that was left were perhaps personally an artistic disappointment for Naschy to forgive. I would never dare to forgive it for him, but I want to say that: I'd rather see "Wolfman's rage" in his most flashy, cut and broken full-screen public domain print than ever sitting on the indulgent, unpleasant boy churning out on the swine flu cineplexes this or any other weekend. The world lost a great artist this month. See his movie and remember. <br /> <br /> 9/10
