I saw this as it was premiere and again it was watching at the IFC again. This is a wonderful tale of the many possible stories of the immigrant farmer population that came to Hawai'i to work the sugar plantations in the early 1900s. My grandparents were part of this migration; My parents were born on a Kohala plantation (Big Island) at the time of setting the movie. I moved to the Big Island over a year ago after living in California for over 30 years. I was surprised to see that many of the former sugar cane growing countries are still undeveloped, with wild sticks still growing, years after the plantations closed. I have heard many stories from my aunts and uncles who were children growing up on the plantation. This movie helps to see these kinds of stories and memories. This story is more of a historical document than a romantic plot-driven movie. It leaves me shaking my head to read a ccthemovieman's review. Some people just can't get it. <br /> <br /> I don't remember that Youki Kudoh played a major role as she did an incredible job. I remember her amazing performances in Jim Jarmusch's "Mystery Train" and in an Australian film collaborating with Russell Crowe, "Heaven's Burning". Tamlyn Tomita did a great job with her pidgin English, especially for anyone who didn't grow up in the islands. I had forgotten that Toshiro Mifune had a cameo role as moving picture show tells. And I missed the fact that Jason Scott Lee had an unredited, non-speaking part as one of the planters during the payday. <br /> <br /> I was sure to find out that the director and co-author Kayo Hatta died in an accidental drowning in 2005. There are two other excellent foreign films that mirror this cane plantation experience: "Gaijin" immigrant pipe workers in Brazil (many of them Japanese) in the same time period; and "Sugar Cane Alley" about the cane plantation experience in Africa. The latter is still available, but "Gaijin" unfortunately has not been shown for some time. Another great film about the early Asian experience in the United States, when immigrants were more like slaves, is "One thousand pieces of gold". This was put over the Chinese workers' involvement in the railway building, the starring Rosalind Chao, Chris Cooper, Michael Paul Chan and Dennis Dun.
