This is undoubtedly the best movie director Haim Bouzaglo made so far. An accomplished television director, well-educated in storytelling and managing his actors through long epics, he attempted to capture in this very low-budget film the core of the very special psychological situation that the Israelis live under the perpetual danger of terrorist attacks, resulting in "distorted" 'life. Each character tries to live his own life, to see and control the other, while he himself is monitored and controlled by other characters, and most of the continued pressure, of political and historical forces far beyond his control. Some call this fate, but fate has a very concrete representation in this movie. There is no explicit political saying in 'Distortion'. Characters never discuss politics, not even at the level of saying "bastards!" when they hear that a new terrorist attack is taking place. Their reaction to events is to locate the attack and count the victims using the official and media terminology of the dead and the wounded. They really don't live, but survive on borrowed time, happy to have survived a bomb and are waiting for the next one to happen. Personal, social, professional life seems to work somewhere, but is deeply flawed and influenced by events. The main game played by the director is a playwright whose personal and creative crisis in the middle of life is enhanced by the pressure of the event and knows he is lucky enough to leave a terrorist attack minutes before the bomb explodes. He hires a private detective to follow his girlfriend, who is a TV-investigating reporter whom he supposes to fall into for her next show - another failed man, former military whose business and family life is being dismantled during the events. He begins writing a game that carbon-copies reality and will bring it to the stage, in theater in the movie scene, reminding Hamlet and 'Synecdoche, New York'. It is not that I would dare suspect that Charlie Kaufman is looking over Bouzaglo's shoulder, he certainly does not need it, but the Israeli instructor screen is brilliant to anticipate the later film (and the first directed by Kaufman). As in the American movie, actors play real people and begin to interact with them in a reality-meeting-scene-meeting-reality melange that never lacks logic, at least not artistic logic. Bouzaglo leads his actors with the usual talent, trusts them and gives them the freedom to live through the situations rather than acting them. His style is much more free here than in his TV series, and the "distortion" effects, although borrowed from American horror films, seem pretty good all the way through. The end seemed to me a bit rhetorical and unsatisfactory dramatically, but the shadow of the suicide killer joking the movie and the whole situation in a time slot also follows the viewer when remembering later this movie.
