Distortion is a disturbing, scary movie about life imitating art and art that reflects life. Haim Bouzaglo, film director, plays the role of Haim Bouzaglo, artistically blocked and sexually impotent playwright who finds inspiration in his suspicions about the subject of his girlfriend's documentary film. As an Arab suicide bomber, disguised in skullcap and American t-shirt, wandering through the landscape according to his goals and his nerves, Haim transcribes his girl's life while filming her documentary and incorporating herself and his actor's life during rehearsals. But the bomber has already hit, and Haim has left the restaurant just minutes earlier. Despite time and space manipulation, the story is crystal clear, comprehensive and absorbent, a brilliant commentary on the "distortion" of daily Israeli life, where the political is intertwined with the personal where everyone lives "on the edge" and people never know if they play leading roles in their own lives or simply be inevitable bit players in the dramatic narrative of others. Bouzaglo plays with this notion that everybody is brilliant in other people's production. We are always voyeurs and see what the fictional instructor looks illegal, but also what the "real" director chooses to reveal. To remind us that these glimpses are privacy violations, Bouzaglo leads us into the bathroom and bedroom (sometimes the bedroom is the street and the rooftop) and repeats its pictures several times in the TV, video or security screens. Actors play the role of actors representing the "real" characters played by actors. Of course, each actor is the star of his own production, only badly aware of their diminished role in the personal film of their contributing people. The detective employed by the dramatist becomes a sign in the drama. The actor hired to play the role of the detective seeks the "tips" on how to play the role, gets caught by the detective on the watch band, and they participate in a cast as their real self. <br /> <br /> Despite this diversity of views, there are no flaws in the clear lines of this narrative: the playwright is searching for a subject, a bomber is looking for a target, and the detective steals the film maker. There is also no difficulty in locating Bouzagl's ultimate goal of enervated and impotent Israel, fully aware of the threatening danger but not capable of meaningful action. Israel is Bouzaglo, the impotent fictional playwright cannibalizing his own life for his game. Israel is also the bankruptcy soldier entrepreneur who is the subject of the film maker documentary, the cheating actors and actresses and the cuckolded man. They are all Israel, because they are all helpless, trapped in a lack of action or pointless action, as bombers scan the landscape for its best purpose. All the characters can do as another bombing is reported to be having sex and keeping "score" victims. <br /> <br /> There is personal triumph, uplift, perhaps revenge at the end of this game within a story in a movie, but viewers will be left with pain for the state of Israel even though they are full of admiration for Bouzaglos memorable representation of a nation's situation in the story of a person's story.
