I have read with great interest the only available comment made before mine on this movie, and I will first say that I understand the previous user's point of view that commented this film very well: from an Israeli perspective, I can very well Imagine that this movie touches very sensitive issues and that the smallest detail can be of great importance to a viewer who is more or less directly affected by the events depicted in this movie. What I would like to say is that "Distortion" was shown at a film festival in Geneva in November 2005 (Festival 'Cinéma tout écran') where it won the audience award ('Prix du public'in French). For what matters to me, I liked Bouzaglo's 'nervous camera' work, which, in my opinion, portrayed an extreme excitement and turmoil in the movie very well, and I think most of the Swiss viewers appreciated this in film. However, this perspective may seem quite "foreign" to an Israeli seer, but not so surprising when it comes to Swiss, because Switzerland is a country that has never been subjected to any terrorist attacks. It is therefore not surprising that the audience in Geneva condemned this film with a much more 'detached' perspective. I would also like to quote what Bouzaglo said when he was interviewed by a newspaper in Geneva (I translate from French): '' After 50 years of life here and there, all this violence, we can ask ourselves whether it is still possible to remain normal. We can sometimes think that it would be easier to commit suicide than to live. We are like the characters in my movie '' on the edge of the edge ''. That is why the private detective, who is somehow 'voyeur' ', is the happiest character in the movie because he earns thanks to the system, he exploits this situation' 'This is essentially the most important which I and the Swiss public, in my opinion, pointed out in this film, and that we were not aware of any discrepancies with the characters of the film, as the precedent auditor pointed out with great accuracy and humor. So to sum up, different countries = different perspective, but I think this is somehow great, because it reassures me of what affects the future of the cinema, that is, it is never subject to " unique "of" formatted "mindset.
