Great little thriller. I was expecting some kind of stupid horror movie, but what I got was tight short thriller wasting none of our time. Most of these movies we have to get into the story behind the story, so we will either feel sympathy for them or hate when people start to be killed. o such stupidity here. Yes, you see a few characters, but they only react with the protagonists. Such as the husband's wife at the motel whose room was canceled. We saw them so we could equally efficiently Lisa the character was and how ineffective the new Hotel clerk was. We see the little girl simply because she wants to have a very small but important role later in the movie when everything breaks. Flight Atrendants because we especially need to move the plot in front. The bad guy especially needs her at the beginning of the flight. The rude guy at the airport was also important to the movie. The only 2 characters that were only 5 lines without the need for the plot were the two young guys on the plane. It was wise because I thought they would have something to do with plot. From the first scene to the end, the woman's character is a young hotel company called Lisa, responsible. Even when Jackson shows her true colors, she doesn't panic. She thinks about what she can do to keep time. Any other movie, the smart executive women would act as idiots. But not this one. It was a very short movie and I was waiting for the usual plot units to kick in because the movie seemed to come to its conclusion quickly. Thankfuly none of them were used. The new hotel classic did not make the usual call and told her what to do, which is panic, drop the phone and run out of the hotel without saying anything or ask your manager and tell her she should have a lot to drink and just dismiss her. Where Craven should do more of these types of movies. Also a final comment. Brian Cox is in the movie, but I had no idea who he was. I had to come here to see that he's Lisa's father. He is completely unrecognizable.
