A very nice red-haired woman is waiting for her plane to meet a charming young man she connects with. As the two stay on their plane and sit next to each other, the young man Jack becomes deadly when he threatens Lisa to either change the room, as a politician and his wife will live in, otherwise her father will die. See now that is what you do when you fly a coach, this is never the case in first class. <br /> <br /> -Other than having a conflict taking place on a flight, the other thing this movie shares with "Flightplan" is the pure adultery * if it's a word * of the story. The whole point is to get the protagonist to change a politician's room so he can be murdered, which is a rather plausible plan, but it won't be easier for Jack to find someone who was computer-savvy and hacks them into the hotel's system ? Today, teens can do almost anything with computers, so I'm sure it would have been easier for him to simply make someone change it using a computer instead of going through the trouble of spying on Lisa. and get her into the difficulty she lands in the movie. <br /> <br /> - One thing that struck me so strangely was how nobody on the plane heard a single thing they were talking about. This is a very small plane that talked about here and when their voices were raised occasionally, it seems to me that the other passengers should have heard something. But I'm 100% sure I'm reading too much into it. The movie should be as realistic as an "24" episode, so one cannot be confused by such complexities. For all my complaints, however, it is still a very fun movie that gets the job done. It is not exactly the type that requires closing your brain, but at the same time it does not require great intelligence to enjoy. <br /> <br /> I would love to sit here in my comfortable chair and rave about the brilliant play in the movie, but I really can't. I love Rachel McAdams, I love Cillian Murphy and I like Brian Cox, but they don't really stretch their muscles that work here. It's not really a problem, as this is not the movie that the studios hope to win more awards and the play is not least terrible, just not big. Wes Craven isn't exactly the first to come to mind when thinking of a movie like this, but he does a very nice job considering the time they were filming the film and the lack of depth for the script. It was definitely a huge improvement over the disappointing "damn" and as much as I liked him doing something different with this movie, I would still love him to go back to doing what he did in the past, which is a great horror movie that is spoken for decades after it is released. <br /> <br /> A good thing about the movie, which I really appreciated was how short the movie was. It is great to sit and watch a nice three-hour movie once in a while, but today it is as if any movie that comes out feels too long, where as this movie just felt like the right length. Not too long and too short. They don't waste time trying to develop the characters too much because they know this is not the movie for it, and by doing so they made a very nice short film. Being a huge movie music geek, I have to say that the best part of the movie is the ultimate cool score of Marco Beltrami. It's great to see Beltrami go from writing the predictable things to the amazing music he is doing now. I'm really the cool techno / orchestra thing he does for the main titles. Too bad I can't find the soundtrack anywhere, would really have loved to listen to the titles anytime I wanted to pop in the DVD when I wanted to hear it. Good for what it is, and although it is far from a large movie theater, it still needs to provide for some small entertaining one and a half years
