Red-eye starts in Texas, where the hotel's receptionist Lisa Reisert (Rachel McAdams) is catching the last "red-eye" plane back to Miami, where she lives and works. While waiting for her flight, Lisa meets the beautiful and charming Jackson Rippner (Cillian Murphy), and they both seem to turn it off, so when they steer the plane, they discover they are randomly sitting next to each other. When the plane leaves and they are in the air, Jackson reveals who he really is and that their apparent chance meeting was by chance, Jackson says he works for someone who wants to murder the home security secretary Charles Keefe (Jack Scalia) & They need her to change her rooms in the hotel where she works in Miami. Jackson tells Lisa to call the hotel and make it happen, or her father is killed ... Director of Wes Craven, who may be better known for his horror films like The Last House to the Left (1972), a nightmare on Elm Street (1984), The Serpent and the Rainbow (1989), The People Under the Trails (1991) & The Scream Trilogy of Teen Slashers, seems a short, punchy, fast-paced little thriller like Red Eye as a great departure from The kind of movie Craven usually does. The script by Carl Ellsworth provides a surprisingly gripping thriller that I must admit I have really enjoyed. In just 85 odd minutes, it is a very fast movement, economical and straightforward to the kind of movie that focuses almost exclusively on a tight, taught plot rather than going in different directions with lots of subplots. Some like this approach as I did while others may not, but I think it pulls you into the action a lot more, as it comes thick and fast without the film lowering and giving you a chance to relax. I really liked the plot for the red-eye, it is certain that a movie like this will always have one or two dubious moments of plotting, but what the hell is this movie for entertainment and for me it is What it did. I really liked the two key characters Lisa comes across as very sympathetic, while Jackson Rippner (an obvious game on the name of the infamous Victorian serial killer Jack the Ripper) is an appropriate slimy villain with a cold 'I only do my job' type of mentality. Another plus is that I didn't think anyone behaved stupidly here, everyone actually seemed like humans and the movies played out in a relatively plausible way. I really liked this and it is one of Craven's better recent movies. Craven turns in a good solid, tight, learned and fast paced thriller with an attractive throw, some good actions and a gripping plot. He is definitely not hanging out, and when he starts the action and excitement he never lets up, the most effective part of the movie is when Rippner keeps Lisa hostage on the plane and when the movie changes to Miami & Lisa's father's house It's a bit more routine, but it's still good. A special mention goes to Rachel McAdams, who is amazing in this, I could probably see Rødøje again just because she is in it and looks drop dead stunning. Those who see Wes Craven's name associated with Red Eye expect a horror movie, should think again, since there is no horror at all (despite the IMDb list "Horror" as the red eye). I'm not sure of the end, on the one hand it was nice to see the villain live for a change that goes against traditional expectation, but it might have been more satisfying to see Lisa kill him somehow. <br /> <br /> Apparently, DreamWorks gave Red Eye an initial budget of $ 44,000,000, but reduced it to $ 25,000,000, though it is still a very well-filmed film with shiny production values. Actually shot in Los Angeles & Florida in California. The film was allegedly written by husband & wife Sean Penn & Robin Wright Penn for the executives, but ultimately the decision makers chose younger leads. As I have already said, Rachel McAdams is a pure eye-light and is a total child in this and worth seeing the movie alone. Oh, and she also does a decent performance. Red-eye is a really fast-paced, tense stuffed little thriller, I enjoyed a lot, I didn't think I'd enjoy it as much as I did & I'm glad I decided to see it. This definitely gets a recommendation from me & Rachel McAdams is really hot stuff in this ...
