On an overnight stay from Los Angeles to Miami, Lisa Reisert (Rachel McAdams) meets a charming man who turns out to be an employee killer who requires her help to kill a businessman, otherwise her own father will die. <br /> <br /> Red-eye is a great thriller that keeps the audience on the edge of their seats. The premise is similar to Cellular and Phone Booth, but Red-eye is better than both of these films. Almost everything about red eyes is above average including the excitement, play and direction. Most of the movie is on a plane, but it does not lower the film. The movie is very fast paced and exciting without slow or dull spots. Wes Craven does a really good job behind the camera. Instead of focusing on excitement, he focuses on the story and the characters. The film has its share of exciting moments, but it's not about the movie. I also like the way Wes Craven focuses on the other passengers and the little details that matter later. Red eyes really show their skills in storytelling. <br /> <br /> Red eyes also work well because of their young and talented cast. Rachel McAdams gives a very exciting performance and her character is hard to hate. You can even end up cheering for her loudly. Cillian Murphy gives a very scary and effective performance as the villain. The way he seems charming at first, but then becomes psycho particularly impressive. The supporting actors are also pretty good, which include Brain Cox and Jayma Mays. <br /> <br /> The movie is also very stylish and it has this overall scary mood for it. The setting works well, as there is a clear fear of isolation and no escape. Overall, the tone of the film is consistently scary. The play is not as powerful as anything else. There are some unrealistic moments that can distract the viewer. Most of them did not disturb me, but there were few who made me shake my head. The end is also disappointing. It's not a bad end just a very simple and another approach would have been better. As the film focuses on the characters, there are really no screaming moments just a few jumps. If you expect a horror movie then you will end up being disappointed. In the end, Red Eye is an exciting thriller, and it is one of the best movies in the summer. Rating 8/10
