Screaming was Wes Craven's last decent thriller. Since then, there has been nothing but an unbearable knit of Hollywood waste, which is almost not enough for a key-like night, including the disappointment of the Scream sequel. Perhaps genius and craftsmanship devoted to the movie struck all the energy and creativity out of him, so when it was time for dinner, he had nothing to serve us but his own doo doo. Finally, after who knows how many bad movies there later, he gives us a delicious, ruthless, poignant and chilling thriller with red eyes. Rachel McAdams once again delivers an enjoyable performance as she plays a hotel manager who has the unfortunate connection with an important political figure and regularly at her hotel. Then she meets Jackson Ripner (Cillian Murphy, Batman Beyond) at the airport, who gets a little better after a delayed flight and a buggy. What she doesn't know, he already knows her. And he also knows his father who she will never see again if she doesn't cooperate and meets Jackson's demands - to use her connections to set up her hotel regularly for murder. <br /> <br /> You probably think this is nothing but your daily thriller complete with predictability and hunting scenes. Although this is a good old-fashioned thriller, it is the beauty of it. No special effects. No cheap makeup. Just classic excitement. You feel the desperation and regret all the decisions that McAdams are forced to make, and you tend to take care of her while cheering her on every move she makes to find an escape from her claustrophobic position. As always, she delivers an entertaining and compelling performance. It's either her sweet face or her outrageous ability to sincerely cry, but you always seem to sympathize with her if her role requires it. Cillian Murphy, on the other hand, is naturally scary, so even though the trailer did not reveal it, his ultimate transition from charming stranger to relentless jackass is not surprising. Perhaps it would have been more trippy to see a lovely guy persona like Toby Maguire transforming into evil unmerciful madman. Nevertheless, after his true identity, Cillian Murphy played the role so solidly that you really want him to die, or at least get his ass saved. <br /> <br /> Don't overlook this feature. There are lots of blackboard screaming moments and heart jumpers that will keep your eyes on the screen instead of your watch as you would at Craven's latest photos. If not for you, do it for all the times you want to see your girlfriend or boyfriend or someone with popcorn jumping and clinging to you. Wes finally gets the right thing. Aside from his brand-name excitement championship, Red Eye is not without his humor as McAdams' replacement Cynthia at the front desk fumbling to keep the hotel in order. It was a relief that Red Eye was not a disappointment. Instead, you'll enjoy seeing McAdams deliver another incredibly talented performance, Murphy sees creepier a minute, and Craven craftsmanship is a classic traditional thriller. A flight that was delayed and would have been the beginning of Craven's renaissance, it had arrived just after Scream.
