'Intervention' has helped me with my own addiction and recovery. I'm a middle-aged married father of two. I am very functional in my personal and professional life. Still, I have pain from my past that I use dependencies to calm down and problems that I slowly take care of. When these abusers and their families share their lives with me, they help me improve my life and relationship with my family. <br /> <br /> Unlike many others, the exhibition digs into the dependents of the past and reveals events that are likely to cause their addiction. Many of us suffer because it is too scary to go back and do as Alice Miller says, "the discovery and emotional acceptance of the truth of our childhood's individual and unique story." The show deserves a lot of credit for at least getting this process started. This tomb is painful and difficult, but it's worth it. So much coverage of addiction - fictitious and non-fictional - seems to ignore the underlying issues. It is often assumed that the drug addict just one day started shooting up or anything for fun or pleasure or self-interest, and now they can't stop. Not so: addiction is about killing pain. I can relate to the various events and hardships of people's lives. There are common themes and surprising exceptions. Many addicts have a little miserable abuse. Some children simply react poorly to divorce. For those who believe that addiction is an over-reaction to a hardship, I just want to say that different people react differently. Although some children handle divorce well, others like Cristy in the show, "coincide in a pile on the floor" and have their lives forever changed by the event. For example, street advisor Beautiful Young Andrea said seeking validation from men. She strips for cash to a 75-year-old neighbor and lets men abuse her. Is it well known to anyone? The series is full of information that we can use to understand our own motivations and make adjustments to our lives. Often, we have minor problems that are the longest to suffer. As they say, even a stop is right twice a day, but a slow watch can go undetected for a while until it has made your life miserable. <br /> <br /> To the producers: Thank you for making the show to dig in the past for follow-up. The graphics, format and theme music are also brilliant. <br /> <br /> To the addicts: Thanks for your courage to share. Whether you've helped yourself, you've helped me.
