I think I enjoy this show, but the format needs some work. First, they are good attributes. I like how this show will take us through the daily life of an abuser because the manufacturers have the ability to get the abuser to show us how bad they have allowed their lives to stay. This is followed by an intervention followed by a result. Intervention does not candy-coat things and sometimes the result (often short-term due to time constraints between filming and aeration) is a negative result. This makes the positive results the better. <br /> <br /> Another thing I like about the show is the quality of the camera work. Given the reality that these cameramen have to squeeze everywhere and not benefit from taking scenes, the photography is surprisingly good and stable. It's actually better than scripted shows like "The Shield", where the photography is so bad that it can cause nausea. <br /> <br /> Now for the bad. An episode will sometimes include two completely different and unrelated cases that will be mixed together during the show. You will be trapped in the story of a smuggler, and suddenly you will be thrown into another. Get caught in that story, then you're suddenly back to the first abuser ... or are you? Now you may have forgotten which case the person currently on the screen belongs to. This constant flip-flop between addicts is really disturbing during the intervention scene, because the show will even blend the two completely independent interventions together! I once heard marketing B.S. The reason for this bad design: "The show can become so intense that switching to another addict allows the viewer to absorb what they see." Oh thank you. This is clearly the reason why this has been done because they have two cases that are not big enough for an hour show, so they mix two together. By mixing them instead of giving each half an hour's block as they should, it forces the viewer to see the whole thing (and the advertisements) if they are interested in a case, but not the other. <br /> <br /> I used to find these "blender" episodes so annoying that I would only tell my TiVo to record episodes of a drug addict, but then it was easier to record them all.
