Ireland's first animated film is also one of the best animated movies I've ever seen. It's a real wart and the whole story that is unlike any of the other Oscar nominees and any other movie from this year or second. The movie's plot has Abbot of Kells, a village in Ireland building a wall around its city to prevent the Vikings from destroying the city if they ever attack. His nephew Brendon is a young monk who does the best he can but fulfills his uncle ire by doing things in his own time. When a legendary illuminator of Aidan comes from a ruined monastery, Brendon walks towards him and his warm personality. Much to his uncle's chagrin Aiden offers to teach Brendon how to illuminate. To help Aidan work on his big book, saved from his ruined monastery, Brendan goes out into the woods to get material to make ink. Outside the walls he meets Ashley, a forest spirit, with whom he develops a friendship. Unfortunately, the abbot finds out that he went outside the wall and there is hell to pay. But the lurks in the distance are the Vikings ... Forget what you think you know about this movie you're wrong. Even what I have explained does not do this movie justice. It's a simple story with so much more going on. This is a wonderful movie about trying to find your way in the world, over coming demons and finding the beauty of the world outside the walls. (As the film says, the world is a dangerous place and doesn't stop being even if you build walls). It is a film that treats its audience as adults and deals with life, including darkness. There is death and destruction and joy and happiness. It's not sugar-coated. People die. Monster lurks. (it freaked out some of the kids), but in the end there is hope. Frankly, the darkness of this movie is unlike anything in any recent American movie. Forget the "sadness" of a Pixar movie, this is the right thing and it's refreshing, and it shows how homogenized even Pixar has become. It is a merry Tartakovsky-esquire (Samurai Jack) animated film which is appearance is actually based on the Celtic art of the period. It's a movie that looks like another. Here is another movie that takes the film frame and uses it in every possible way. The pictures are designed to fill the free space as much as possible. The movie often manipulated things to make it look like a page in Kell's legendary book. Its amazingly beautiful and best described as art comes to life. <br /> <br /> Director Tomm Moore has formed a film that is a masterpiece. I can't say more than that. It is a masterpiece. Its one of the best animated movies I've ever run across.
