THE SECRET OF KELLS is an amazing first animated feature that will dazzle your eye and move your heart. The shortcomings of the film's limited budget and sometimes limited animations are more than compensated for by the visual poetry of the story of the young Brendan's heroic quest to become a master lamp in the dark ages. Historically, this was at the end of the 8th century when the centers of Irish learning were overstated by the Vikings. The Vikings are shown here as brutal antagonists, the equivalent of the North Sea of ​​the looting Huns and Mongols further east. The film's story --- which works more like a parable --- centers on the conflict between Brendan, who seeks to create beauty in his illuminations during a time when he approaches the darkness and his tall uncle Abbot - seeking to protect the city Kells and his nephew with a threatening wall as a barrier to the Norwegians. The Abbot ignores the value of Brenda's art in his quest for security. This is the film's external conflict. Brendan's inner conflict is finding the hidden eye of creative illumination that will allow him to complete the most difficult painting in Kell's book. This eye is guarded by a Dragon Ouroboros who destroys from those who do not fit this quest, as surely as the Vikings will kill without (so much of the story I will reveal!) <br /> <br /> What I really like this movie is its creator's imaginative understanding of some of the greatest works of art to survive in the West 1200 years ago. The characters are stylized in flat abstract shapes defined by line as in the original book of Kells. (Particularly noteworthy is the monk Aidan's cat cat, defined in few lines, but pure --- and even magical metamorphic cat-like.) The series of emotions that Brendan and the other animated characters convey to their economy with abstract design are a tribute to the excellent artist for the director and his animators. The decorative borders on the edge of the image change to complement the dramatic impact of a given scene, and this illumination of dark ages is brought to a wonderfully animated life in THE SECRET OF KELLS. Of course, historical dramas tell us more about our own times than the times these dramas are trying to portray. But by introducing archetypal elements in this story, writers and director of THE SECRET OF KELLS convey an emotional longevity feeling from the distant time in Ireland, which feels psychologically true, how much the script may differ from the pedantic historical fact. (The United Nations Lighting Band, which appears as a villain of artists in the SECRET OF THE CHURCH, is not historically likely, but they are all well-designed, individualized characters that do much to convey this quintessential universal appeal of Irish history.) Animation has always been best vehicle for me to better help us understand art of different times and cultures. The magnificent artistic direction of this film is clearly derived from its historical visual source, but has also been wisely adapted to the requirements of animated storytelling; If the animation had existed in the dark, SECRET OF KELLS is what it would look like! Finally, Brendan's hero's quest in this film is the artist's stubborn quest to convey the spirit of beauty, life and inspiration. (Without being preaching or even particularly Christian, this film confirms the poem of Jesus that "The man is not alone in bread.") In my view, the most inspired film about the creative process of visual artists is Andrei Tarkovsky's ANDREI RUBLEV, a film about it great Russian icon templates from the 15th century. SECRET OF KELLS expresses much the same sense of mystery and excitement about the artist's visual quest and creative process. It is certainly not as deep as OTHER RUBLEV, but --- heck --- it's a comic! (And one that will appeal to both young and old.) I think this movie will stick to repetitive viewing: In its own modest way of life, this stylized SECRET OF KELLS is a classic.
