In 1945 and after a series of permanent WWII propaganda pieces, Errol Flynn's team over the US cashier's office had begun to fall, and despite the increasing burden of diminishing appearance, he began a series of films that related to the genre that had previously done its name: swashbuckler. The first of these was a good one - ADVENTURES OF DON JUAN (1948) - but it also turned out to be his last major budget Hollywood lead car. The rest of his sword-driven days were used to wander across Europe: in England for KIM (1950), MASTER BALLANTRAE (1953) and DARK AVENGER (1955), in France for ADVENTURES OF CAPTAIN FABIAN (1951) and Italy for the WILLIAM TELL'S HISTORY (1953) and CROSSED SWORDS (1954) were interrupted. However, Hollywood once waved him to his old seafaring ways - albeit a modest universal image rather than a Warner Brothers' A production, which he had been accustomed to when he was top ... <br /> <br /> The amazing Technicolor cinematography still jumps off the screen, and while an older and fluent Flynn may look like the bright shadow of his former self, his red-haired leading lady Maureen O'Hara has a field day as a tomboyish buccaneer looking deeply in need romance and wants to be treated like a lady. Anthony Quinn was still a few years away from his larger than life-giving vehicles, so here he is typically seen as baddie - the pirate captain Roc Brasiliano, a role he attacks with gusto. Like the black shadow of falsehood (1954) - a view of who preceded this - against all flakes taking me back to my beloved childhood days with constant television viewing, when vintage Hollywood films were today's order of both the local and neighbor Italian channels. <br /> <br /> For all that I know, it may well have been the very first pirate movie I've ever seen, and I reject the idea of ​​today's generation of young people that they thought they were grossly overblown PIRATES OF THE The Caribbean trilogy is what buccaneering is all about! As I said earlier, maybe it's not the finest pirate yarn ever brought to the screen, but it's a good example of this productive genre all together. Today, the child-like Indian princess (Alice Kelley )'s amorous persistence towards his pirate prisoner Flynn can strike one as horribly silly, but the rest of it - despite not clearly scaling the heights of SEA HAWK (1940 ) and THE BLACK SWAN (1942), to name the finest seafaring ventures of their respective stars - are fast-paced and reasonably engaging. Incidentally, the film will later be reminded as THE KING'S PIRATE (1967) with Doug McClure! <br /> <br /> For what it is worth, the unprecedented box office success of the inappropriate modern franchise is probably what induced reluctant movie studies to come out of their catalog swashbuckling titles and release them on DVD and actually I ALL FLAGS were one gem in a badly thought "Pirates Of The Golden Age Movie Collection" seen from Universal, which also consisted of blurry disgrace such as BUCCANEERS GIRL (1950, with Yvonne De Carlo), DOULE CROSSBONES (1951; Donald O'Connor) and YANKEE BUCCANEER (1952, with Jeff Chandler)! Value for money, maybe, but so far I've only acquired the Errol Flynn girl from other sources; although if the mood strikes me in the future, I might want to put my hands on similar marine adventures like Edward Dmytyk's MUTINY (1952), the aforementioned YANKEE BUCCANEER and PIRATES OF TORTUGA (1961).
