While watching this movie, I was frustrated and distracted, and eventually I wanted to give the movie a solid 4 or 5. I thought the animation was random and everywhere and there was too much going on. Even my A.D.D couldn't stop. It felt like a little acid trip. Everything so flat, there was no dimension to anything. There were so many shapes, lines and patterns. I would really stop the movie midway and smash my burnt copy of this movie. But when I finished watching it, I went online to read the movie, and I should have done a little study of this movie before I saw. Kells Secret is loosely based on the true story of the original book of Kells. A little boy, Brendan, is tasked with penning new pages in what is set to be the greatest book ever written. This book will contain information that will help "change darkness to light." Brendan lives in the village of Kells behind large stone walls. In the 8th century, Brendan's uncle, Abbot of Kells, is trying to build the wall to keep the Vikings out. Brendan's uncle insists he helps complete the wall, but a traveler and goalkeeper of the "book" secretly trains Brendan to catch up on his illustrative skills and convinces him to fill in the "book" and execute that word. <br /> The whole time I saw the movie, I thought I was missing something because I didn't really understand what was going on. I figured I was just missing a piece of Irish history. A simple Google search taught me everything I needed to know about the original Book of Kells. After reading many articles, my opinion about the movie changed a lot. Kell's Book is a copied version of the first few New Testament books transcribed in Latin by Gaelic monks in Ireland in the 8th century. Along with it is paleographic and ecological script, the book is also beautifully illustrated in organic art, a kind of early art form knows the complicated, complexity and miniature illustrations. Much of the art in Kell's Book is depicted as lots of art at that time, flat and dimensioned challenged without perspective. But what makes Kell's Book from other early artworks is the use of many colors. The secret of Kells is very colorful. I originally thought the animation was flat and boring. It reminded me a lot about the cartoon Samurai Jack, who also had a flat and "amine" look to it. When I first learned about Kells Bog's art forms, it is obvious that many of the styles from the book are imitated in the film. There are lines and swirls and various forms that inhabit Brendan's mind. As he enters his imagination, circular figures that resemble the sun, the gears, the bells and the wheels begin to fill the screen. The edge of the screen is framed in decorated moving triangles or circles. Transitions are full of color and Celtic knots. From the trees to the floors, many things in this world are covered by shapes or patterns. Clocking in at 70 minutes minus credits, The Secret of Kells is a fun little story lesson with a little adventure and silliness thrown in to keep people (maybe just kids) interested. I think one should generally be open-mined to The Secret of Kells as a half-art piece, half a movie about history. Despite being animated with Adobe Illustrator, it is a very nice movie. But based on the 20 films submitted for Oscar consideration, I don't think it was worth being nominated for Mary and Max. ThatWasJunk.Blogspot.com
