Kells Secret is an independent, animated feature that gives us one of the great stories about Kell's Book, an illuminated medieval manuscript containing the four New Testament gospels. I didn't know that this book actually exists, but knowing it now makes my interpretation and analysis much easier. There are a few stories and ideas floating around how the book came to be, who wrote it and how it survived over 1000 years. This is one of them. <br /> <br /> We are introduced to Brendan, an orphan who lives at Kells Abbey in Ireland with his uncle, Abbot Cellach (pronounced by Brendan Gleeson). Abbot Cellach builds a massive wall around the monastery to protect the villagers and monks. Brendan is not fond of the wall nor the other monks. They are more focused on reading and writing, something Abbot Cellach has no time for anymore. He fears "the Norwegians", those who plunder and leave towns and villages empty and burned to the ground. One day a traveler arrives from the island of Iona near Scotland. It is Brother Aidan, a very wise man who carries with him a special book that is not yet finished. Abbot Cellach gives him permission to become and Brendan's friends with him. Aidan has special plans for Brendan. First, he needs ink for the book, but he requires specific berries. The only way to get them out is to venture outside the walls and into the forest, an area without borders for Brendan. When he sees that he is the only chance of Aidan continuing his work, he decides to sneak out and return with the berries before the uncle discovers his absence. <br /> <br /> In the forest, Brendan meets Ashley, the protector of Forest. She allows Brendan to pass to the berries and along the way becomes related to his company. She warns him about the threatening danger in the dark and not to foil it. There are things worse than Vikings out there. Then Brendan is faced with several challenges with the book and the overwhelming security of invasion. <br /> <br /> I like the story a lot more now that I know what it's about. Knowing what Kell's Book is and what it contains, makes the animation perfect sense. I'm sure you've seen pictures or copies of ancient texts from hundreds of years ago with free borders, colorful images and extravagant patterns, creatures and writings adorning the pages. Much like the opening frames of Disney's sword in the stone. The animation here contains many similar patterns and patterns. It creates a very unique experience where the story and the animation almost try to exaggerate each other. <br /> <br /> I couldn't take my eyes off the incredible details. These are some of the finest 2D animations I've seen this year. It is vibrant, stimulating and full of life. The signs are constantly surrounded by patterns, blobs and patterns in trees, on the walls and in the air just floating around. It enhances the film. <br /> <br /> The story is satisfactory, though I think the ending could have been stretched a little more. With a runtime of just 75 minutes, I think there might have been something special in the final action. It does not provide much information or is also apparent from the importance of the book. We are reminded that it is important, but never fully understand. We are told that it gives hope, but never why or how. It was really the only missing part of the movie. Otherwise, I thought the story was interesting, but completely surpassed by the animation. <br /> <br /> I think it's okay to some extent. The animation can carry a movie so far before it becomes short. The story lacks a few parts, but it is an interesting slice of a fascinating piece of history. I would recommend throwing up Kell's book just to get an idea of ​​what I and this movie are talking about. I think it will help your viewing experience much more. This is a very impressive and beautifully illustrated film that should definitely not be missed.
