There is a theory of time that indicates that all the moments that ever existed and will exist exist in fact right now. It's a little too much to pack your head around, but maybe a little comfort for those who want them to go back to a simpler time and place. For Barbara Jean Trenton (Ida Lupino), the time was twenty-five years earlier, in the mid-1930s, when her youth and glamor kept the greatest promise. For my part, if I could travel through time, it would be back to the 1950s when I grew up. Maybe for a place like Willoughby, but it's another episode. One thing that wouldn't be so special about 1959 would involve dealing with all the lumpy machines just to see an episode of "The Twilight Zone". How many wheels do you think it would take to catalog the whole series and then find a particular story you wanted to see? I guess you should consider the benefits, the convenience of simplicity, the right time or the time to wind it up to the exact place where the story begins. Popping in a CD has the advantages. I'm a little surprised that Rod Serling would write a story that looked like "Sunset Boulevard" for so long. Ida Lupino's mirrors portrayed Norma Desmond just a little too close to be considered an original concept. Martin Balsam portrays a similar character to Erich von Stroheim, the man struck butler, who is loyalty, without a doubt. Where the story differs from the way Danny (Balsam) and Sall (Ted de Corsia) challenge Barbara Jean to come up with reality and clear the spider webs that paralyze her existence. Fortunately for us viewers, Ida Lupino had no such reservations about taking parts that were 'not big but a good showcase'. It is a great experience to see any episode of "The Twilight Zone" and see who jumps from days gone by. Sometimes you get a two-piece that you have here with Lupino and Balsam, celebrities who sometimes made their mark before the start of the series, and sometimes after. Combined with the stories the program produced, it is not surprising that they still manage to entertain as well today.
