After hitting the viewers with three very different episodes just outside the bat, Serling continued to introduce the viewers to 'The Twilight Zone' in a very strange way by planning one of the biggest series as the fourth episode. 'The Sixteen Millimeter Shrine' is one of the more underrated episodes focusing on the inability of aging movie stars to cope with the changing times and only introduce a supernatural element in the final minutes. Because of this approach, the episode is during whelming in the first place, but subsequent vision shows it to be a thoroughly stylish and beautifully written novel. <br /> <br /> Both leaders, Ida Lupino as Barbara Jean Trent and Martin Balsam as her frustrated but caring agent shine in their performances. The main problem with the episode is that the apparently 25-year-old recordings of the actor are convincing. Lupino seems to be identical when the young Trent plays as she does when he plays the Middle Ages Trent, and this dramatically reduces the situation. Luckily Lupino knocks her socks into convincing us of her desperation to return to the past. It is a situation that most people can sympathize with, and yet Trent is far from a sympathetic character. She is a prime donna who does not think a little about the feelings of those around her as the catastrophically lost co-star, whom she tactlessly confuses, because he reminds her of how long ago her glory was. It is then surprising that she is rewarded with a happy ending. Obviously, what has to happen from the moment we see the big projection screen, and it is wise to precede the opening moment when Trent scares her girl by stepping out behind the screen. What is not clear at the beginning, however, is whether to be sucked into the projector will prove a reward or a hard lesson to appreciate what we have and live at the moment. As it turns out, Trent can return to the past she longed for, a testament to how strong man's wishful thinking might be. 'The Sixteen Millimeter Shrine' gets better with each view. The top notch writing and action combine to create a short game of tremendous power that reflects human nature's longing for the past, even though we can never return. Except in the Twilight Zone.
