A thief in the night is an excellent fictional account of the weeks leading up to RAPTURE and the weeks following the pivotal event. I thoroughly enjoyed both the production values ​​and the content values ​​of this independent Christian film. <br /> <br /> PRODUCTION VALUES. Hi, this is an independent movie with a shoe-string budget, so it will look a bit cheesy (if your standard is A-list Hollywood fare). But correctly compared to other independent films, this film is perfectly acceptable. More important than acting style, costumes and music is the story itself. Is the story compelling? Do the dramatic moments work? Does the history path build up to a satisfactory climax? The answer to all these questions is an unqualified "yes". As a side note, they are really important technical things - continuity, sound and lighting - fine. The viewer can watch the show without being distracted by sloppy crafts. <br /> <br /> CONTENT VALUE. The message in the movie is amazing. When you consider how many ideas the filmmaker developed within a short time of 69 minutes, you begin to appreciate his artistry. He presents the message of salvation, the consequence of disbelief, the danger of setbacks, the rapture, and the threat of a world-dominant satanic government with flare, imagination and, most importantly, an evangelical film, with biblical accuracy. <br /> <br /> The filmmaker is a good storyteller. For example, he develops the message of salvation in two important ways: (1) He shows us through the action of the sacrifice of Jesus Christ's sacrifice for our sake. This is achieved in a subplot where the zoo holder is a bit of a poisonous snake and almost dies. The only cure is blood from a person who is immune to the snake-poison. The poison is like sin; healing is like the blood of Christ, throwing on the cross. (2) The filmmaker also develops the message of salvation through dialogue. He has various signs explaining the truth of human sin and the need for salvation through faith in Christ. So the film maker uses both action and dialogue to tell his story. As a side note, the fact that a film produced by evangelical Christians actually contains dialogue and scenes that convey a clearly defined message of salvation expressed in explicitly evangelical Christian language, imagery, and theology is also perfectly acceptable. To criticize this movie for being explicit, Christian is absurd; It is akin to criticizing a Nike advertisement to promote sportswear. What else would evangelical Christian filmmakers do, if not a movie that says their case? Again, the fact that the filmmaker uses the idea that the unbelievers will be left in a godless world is quite acceptable. The filmmaker uses the dramatic potential of that idea admirably. How do I know? I heard about a THEME NIGHT from a woman who saw the show far back in 1974; It still lived in her memory thirty years later. How many movies can you say about it? Everywhere, a very pleasant, thought-provoking show. I'm planning to show it to my teenage group in the church.
