Elvira Mistress Of The Dark (1988): Cassandra Peterson, Daniel Greene, William Morgan Sheppard, Susan Kellerman, Edie McClug, Jeff Conaway, Phil Rubenstein, Larry Flash Jenkins, Tress MacNeille, Damita Jo Freeman, Mario Celario, William Dance, Lee McLaughlin Charles Woolf, Sharon Hays, Bill Cable, Joseph Arias, Scott Morris, Ira Heiden, Frank Collison, Lynne Marie Stewart, Marie Sullivan, Jack Fletcher, Robert Benedetti, Kate Brown, Hugh Gillin, Eve Smith, Raleigh Bond, Tony Burrier, Alan Dewames, Timm Hill, Read Scot, James Hogan, Derek Givens ... Director James Signorelli ... Play Sam Egan, John Paragon. <br /> <br /> Elvira, Mistress of the Dark was an 80's TV icon that had its own late night show on cable. She coughed and presented classic American horror films, many of which were campy while giving their own quips and humorous remarks. Actor Cassandra Peterson has until that date driven on that success. In 1988, her first film was released. Plays herself, she is stuck in a movie show, but longs for her own show in Las Vegas and makes big money. Her agent Manny shows a disappointment. It is not long before she inherits a mansion from a deceased relative, a dog and a book of recipes. She is going to claim her legacy in a small Nevada town - she was on her way to Vegas and was lost - and soon touched on the calming community. Pronounced Conservative Councilor Chastity Pariah (Edie McClurg) soon sees her as a threat to the decency and values ​​of the small town. Her successful figure and winning personality soon draws the city's youth. She falls to Bob Redding (Daniel Greene) the city's craftsman / carpenter, but before any real relationship can flourish, she finds herself in deep trouble. Vincent Talbot (William Morgan Sheppard) a haughty older man who is also able to inherit a portion of Elvira's relatives' spouse, is actually an old wizard who has a personal vendetta against Elvira's aunt and Elvira himself. He is aware that the so-called "recipe book" is actually a book of magic magic, a power he wants to assert for himself. He plans to bring Elvira down by having the city burn her on the stake. How does Elvira get out of this? The film was not really successful at the ticket office and draws a crowd of mostly young audiences familiar with the Elvira show on cable. The truth is being told, it's a fun and good movie. The script is lime full of all sorts of jokes, some bad ones, some good ones, lots of sexual insinuation, visual jokes, and overall struggle, ie. the hilarious last scene where Elvira finally got her own strip show in Vegas. This movie is a cult-classed kind, catering to Elvira fans. You couldn't enjoy this movie otherwise. It is also a glance back on the "pop" culture of the 80s. Elvira was as much an icon in the 80s as Alf, Vicky Robot, Hulk Hogan, Mr. T and Madonna.
