Since the beginning of his career in the 70s and largely through the overwhelming 80s, Elvira (Cassandra Peterson) has grown into a modest icon and true cult figure in the world of horror & bad monster movies. While Peterson has accepted various supportive roles in films covering many different genres, her television character Elvira brought her most fame. Part of her charm ?? and respect from the fans ?? lies in the fact that she never returned her to the horror genre that made her famous (unlike many other big name actors and actresses who like to get away from their "early" work). I've only seen pieces and parts of her television shows, but her cameo role in Ghoultown's recent song "Mistress of the Dark" really encouraged me to check out more of her stuff. One thing had been clear to me long before this music video: Over the years, Elvira became an influence force even when the mid-80s came around. <br /> <br /> And in 1988, after films such as "Fright Night" and "TerrorVision" incorporated tribute to and spoofs on her television work, "Elvira, Mistress of the Dark," the movie film happened. Now I had seen the trailer for it already back in the VHS rental day, but it took me until last week to finally see the actual movie. Some years ago I managed to see "Elvira's Haunted Hills" (made in 2001), but for some reason it didn't impress me so much. Was it really the unforgettable, or should I give it another clock? In fact, I really want to see it again now, as this first Elvira movie from '88 really convinced me. Although it may be partly responsible for making this movie, it may be Sam Egan and John Paragon with their contribution to the manuscript. There is really no way to deny it: Cassandra Peterson has a great sense of comedy (she also wrote the play). <br /> <br /> When Elvira learns that she is one of the great aunt's (she has never heard of before), she takes it as the long-standing chance to start her own show in Las Vegas. In addition to claiming her legally inherited money, she travels to a quiet New England town. But Falwell's tight townmen are a treat. In less than no time, she manages to shock and offend all the remarkable inhabitants of the conservative small town with her (often unintentional) provocative behavior. To make matters worse, her legacy does not show what she expected: a rundown mansion, a cookbook, and a poodle. But what she doesn't know, and her evil uncle Vincent Albot does, is that her great aunt was a witch, and the cookbook contains recipes to concatenate the most hellishly dark forces that can be imagined. And if you haven't turned off the movie yet, when Elvira has cooked up her first bowl from the recipe, be sure you want to sit on this tour with a smile on your face. <Br /> <br /> It's surprising how a script conjured up with boob jokes, witty one-liners, movie references, in jokes and both flavor environments also manage to tell a coherent story. Simple, of course, but coherent. While other movies that rely heavily on gag-like situations often make you able to completely loosen the story (eg, the "Naked Gun" movies), this movie doesn't. Many horror plays were produced during the 1980s, but not many of them actually worked. Another horror spike that does not jump back at a time ("Killer Party", although I am grateful that one gets completely bonkers in the final) or gets too long covered too quickly ("Saturday 14th"). Although "Elvira" is more comedy than horror, it doesn't solve anything it does and consistently builds on a mildly grotesque final, complete with a supernatural showdown in Falwell's streets between newborn witch Elvira and evil uncle-wizard Talbot, including a real honest-to-god witch hunt and Elvira's very own burn-at-the-stake moment. <br /> <br /> I tell you there is no power in hell that could make this movie unfunny. One of the first giggles I got was already under the opening point when Daniel Greene had the name. Daniel who? Oh yes, I recognized his name (and later on his obscure macho face). How can you not forget Daniel Greene when you have seen ... "Atomic Cyborg aka Fists of Steel"! But if you haven't seen "Atomic Cyborg" then I'm sorry, but you can't laugh with his face in this. And on a side note: I could never have imagined that Elvira saw this cool while he was ignorantly driving away from a gas station. Even Robert Rodriguez couldn't have made the shot look any better.
