"Why did they make them so big? Why didn't they just give the money to the poor?" The issue of cathedrals was posed by a student to Mr. Harvey during a school field trip to Salisbury Cathedral. "It's a good question," he replied. "Partly inspire them - to make them look up with awe." I'm not sure cathedrals have that influence on everyone, but this movie had determined the impact on me. It was great! <br /> <br /> It didn't start that way. For a while it seemed to be a little more than a portrayal of - a good school trip to Salisbury Cathedral. If you've ever been on a high school field trip to anywhere this is basically it. You have a group of mostly uninterested children, just happy to be out of school for a day, the bus driver who is driven by them and some teachers are desperately trying to keep everything under control. Been there, finished, got the t-shirt was my first reaction. I figured it would eventually be a typical story of a teacher who manages to inspire a group of uninterested students. YAWN! But it turns out to be so much more! Timothy Spall was brilliant as Mr. Harvey - a bleak, unsmiling teacher with a weird fascination for cathedrals. During the film, his story slowly emerges and becomes the focal point of history. We are also introduced to some of the troubled students - especially Helen, also brilliantly played by Nathalie Press, who is in self-degradation. <br /> <br /> This is not a religious movie, but it contains some powerful reflections on religious themes. When Harvey's colleague Jonathon (played by Ben Miles) says "I don't care what anyone thinks as long as they don't try to force it on someone else" Harvey answers, "it's not tolerance - it's indifference!" - which is actually (in my opinion) what often goes for religious tolerance in our society. There are scenes of reconciliation between different characters, and the film's final scene was brilliant. As Harvey climbs back on the bus, director Susanna White has the camera slowly panning up, so the final shot is simply the sky - memory back to Harvey's comment that the purpose of the cathedral is to get people to look up in awe. The cathedral achieves its goal. We look up into the universe in awe and seek something bigger than ourselves, but we choose to define it. This is a very powerful and very inspiring film. 9.10
