Match 1: Take Team Table Match Bubba Ray and Spike Dudley vs. Eddie Guerrero and Chris Benoit Bubba Ray and Spike Dudley started things with a Tag Team Table Match against Eddie Guerrero and Chris Benoit. According to the rules of the game, both opponents must go through tables to get the victory. Benoit and Guerrero warmed early by turning hammer hammering first Spike and then Bubba Ray. A German suplex by Benoit to Bubba took the wind out of Dudley's brother. Spike tried to help his brother, but the judge held him while Benoit and Guerrero went up to him in the corner. With Benoit stomping away at Bubba, Guerrero set up a table outside. Spike hit the ring and somersaulted over the top rope on Guerrero on the outside! After taking care of and taking care of Spike, Guerrero dropped a table into the ring and helped Wolverine set it up. The tandem then set up a double superplex from the middle rope that would have put Bubba through the table, but Spike hit the table just before his brother came down! Guerrero and Benoit stuffed another table in the corner and tried to Irish Whip Spike through it, but Bubba knocked in and blocked his brother. Bubba set fire and lifted both opponents in the back of the body! Bubba Smith Guerrero and Spike stamped on Wolverine from the top rope. Bubba kept Benoit in the bay for Spike to float into Wassup! headbutt! Shortly after, Benoit Spike locked in Crossface, but the fight continued even after Spike had dropped out. Bubba came to his brother's rescue and managed to spread Benoit on a table. Bubba ran from the middle of the rope, but Benoit moved and sent Bubba into the woods! But because his opponents did not force him through the table, Bubba was allowed to stay in the match. The first man was eliminated shortly after Spike put Eddie through a table with a Dudley Dawg from the ring apron to the outside! Benoit put Spike through a table moments later to score even. Within seconds, Bubba nodded a Bubba Bomb who put Benoit through a table and gave Dudley the winner! Winner: Bubba Ray and Spike Dudley Match 2: Cruiserweight Championship Jamie Noble vs. Billy Kidman Billy Kidman challenged Jamie Noble, who brought Nidia with him to the ring for the Cruiserweight Championship. Noble and Kidman unlocked and stumbled over the ring, but ran back inside and grabbed something more. When Kidman disturbed all noble movements, Noble fled outside the ring where Nidia gave him some encouragement. The fight spread outside the ring, and Noble threw his girlfriend into the challenger. Kidman threw Nidia aside, but was taken down with a modified armrest. Noble continued to attack Kidman's injured arm back in the ring. Kidman's injured injury hampered his misdemeanor, but he continued to fight hard. Noble tried to put Kidman away with a powerbomb, but the challenger was received in a face generator. Kidman went to finish things with a Shooting Star Press, but Noble broke up the attempt. Kidman went back to Shooting Star Press again, but this time Noble just got out of the way. Noble turned Kidman into a power bomb shortly after and got pin to keep his WWE Cruiserweight Championship! Winner: Jamie Noble <br /> <br /> Match 3: The European Championship William Regal against Jeff Hardy William Regal started Jeff Hardy in an attempt to win back to the European Championship. Jeff the catapulted Regal over the top rope then took him down with a hurracanrana from the ring apron. Back in the ring, Jeff Whisper hit the wind to knock Regal for a loop. Jeff went to Swanton Bomb, but Regal made his knees hit Jeff with a devastating shot. Jeff managed to surprise Regal with a quick rollup and got the pin to hold the Euro! Regal started bawling by watching Hardy celebrate on the way back up the ramp. Winner: Jeff Hardy <br /> <br /> Match 4: Chris Jericho vs. John Cena Chris Jericho had promised to end John Cena's career in their fight at Vengeance, which came up next time. Jericho tried to teach Cena a lesson when their struggle began to suplexise him to the mat. Jericho continued to knock Cena around the ring until his beauty improved on him. On top rope Jericho began to show boat and got Cena to grab him to a superplex! Cena followed with a tilt-a-whirl sludge but was taken down with an unpleasant dropick to the intestine. The beginner regained and hit a stomach to stomach suplex, but could not put Y2J away. Jericho launched into Lionsault, but Cena dodged moved. Jericho nailed a bulldog and then hooked up to Lionsault, but didn't go on the cover. He beat Cena up for him to put on Jericho's walls. Cena had other ideas, turned the movement into a pin attempt and got 1-2-3! Jericho went crazy after the match. Winner: John Cena Match 5: Intercontinental Championship RVD vs. Brock Lesnar through Disqualification The Next Big Thing and Mr. Pay-Per-View mingled with the Intercontinental Championship on the line. Brock grabbed the title from the judge and killed it over his shoulder at the moment as he stared at the RVD. Van Dam's speed gave Brock an early fit. The big man rolled out of the ring and kicked the steel steps out of frustration. Brock contracted and began to take responsibility. With Paul Heyman brilliant on ring time, Brock RVD threw the hard floor outside the ring. From there, Brock began to override the RVD and throw him lightly over the top rope. The RVD landed painfully on its back, so suffered from having its spine cracked against the steel ring steps. The fight returned to the ring with Brock squeezing RVD around the ribs. RVD broke away and immediately afterwards settled Brock with a kick to the temple. RVD followed with Rolling Thunder, but Brock managed to kick for a two-count. The fight looked as if it could be soon when RVD went to a five-star seed flash. However, Brock lifted Van Dam on his shoulder and went to F-5, but RVD whirled Brock in a DDT and followed with Frog Splash! He went to the pin, but Heyman pulled the judge from the ring! The judge immediately called for disqualification and soon dealt with Heyman! Then RVD jumped on Brock from the top rope and then threatened to beat Van Terminator! Heyman grabbed RVD's legs and Brock picked up the master and this time connected with F-5 on a steel chair! Winner: RVD <br /> Match 6: Booker T against Big Show Booker T is facing the Big Show one-on-one next. Show Disturbed Booker T kicks and beats and beats Booker in the corner. After being thrown from the ring, Booker picked up a chair on ringside, but the Big Show knocked it back in Booker's face. Booker tried to get back in the game by choking Show with a camera cable by ring side. Booker smashed a TV screen from the Spanish announcement to Show's sake, and then delivered a scissor kick that put both men through the table! Booker crawled back into the ring and the Big Show staggered in moments later. Show the handle Booker's neck, but was greeted by a low blow and a kick to the face. Booker climbed top rope and nailed a somersaulting leg drop to get the pin! Winner: Booker T <br /> Announcement: Triple H entered the ring for a thunderstorm as fans hoped to learn where the game would end up competing. Before he could speak, Eric Bishoff stopped The Game to apologize for being involved in his personal business. If Triple H signed with RAW, Bischoff promised that his personal life would never play again. Bischoff said he spent the last two years together in Hollywood. He said everyone was looking for the next Break WWE Superstar, and they all talked about Triple H. Bischoff guaranteed that if Triple H signed with RAW, he would get the best opportunities on the road. Stephanie McMahon stepped out to issue his own pitch. She said that because of her personal story with Triple H, the two know each other very well. She said the two were once unstoppable and they may be again. Bischoff cut her and asked her to stop. Stephanie quoted Triple H as telling her how Bischoff said Triple H had no talent and no charisma. Bischoff said he was young at the time and did not know what he had, but he still has much more experience as Stephanie. The two continued to bend back and forth until Triple H stepped up with his microphone. The game said it would be easy to say "screw yourself" to one of them. Triple H went to shake Bischoff's hand, but pulled it away. He said he would rather go with the devil he knows, rather than the one he doesn't know. Before he could go any further, Shawn Michaels came out to shake things up. HBK said the last thing he wanted to do was create problems. He didn't want to get involved, but he remembered promising to bring Triple H to nWo. HBK said there is no one in the world that Triple H is better friends with. HBK told his friend to imagine the two together again and make Bischoff's life a living hell. Triple H said it was a tempting offer. He turned around and hugged HBK, which made his transition to RAW! Triple H and HBK left, and Bischoff gloated over his victory. Bischoff said the difference between the two is that he has testicles, and she does not. Stephanie whacked Bischoff on the side of the head and left! Match 7: Take Team Championship Match Christian and Lance Storm vs. Hollywood Hogan and Edge Fight started with high "USA" edges and with Hogan shoving Christian through ropes and out of the ring. The Canadians took over from there. But Edge scored a kick to Christian's head and planted a facebuster on Storm to get the tag to Hogan. Hogan started Hulk up and soon caught Christian with a big boot and a fall! Storm broke up the census and Christians threw Hogan from the ring, where Storm looked over the icon. Edge felt shortly after and fell both opponents. He spit both of them into the corner wheels, but missed a spear on Strom and hit hard hard instead. Edge nailed a DDT, but ref was down and could not count. Test drove down and took down Hogan and then smoothed Edge with a boot. Storm tried to get the pin, but Edge kicked out after two. Riksihi sprinted in to avert Test so Edge could recover and spit Storm. Christian distracted ref, however, and Y2J dashed in and scolded Edge with the Tag Team Championship! Storm rolled over and got pinfall to win the title! Winners and New Tag Team Champions: Christian and Lance Storm <br /> <br /> Match 8: WWE Undisputed Championship Triple Threat Match. Rock vs Kurt Angle and Undertaker Three of WWE's most successful superstars set against each other in a Triple Threat Match with the undisputed Championship hanging in the balance. Taker and The Rock came face to face with Kurt Angle and asked for some attention to the side. He received attention in the form of a blow down by the other two men. Shortly after, Taker ran out of the ring and The Rock brawled with Angle. Angle gave a number of suplexes that took Rock down, but the big one opposed a DDT that succeeded a two-count. The fight continued outside the ring with Taker, who came to life and dressing angles and repeatedly crumbled The Rock. Taker and Rock entered the ring again, and Taker dropped The Rock with a pavement slam to get a two-count. Rock rebounded, grabbed Taker by the neck and choked him! Angle broke up the pin attempt that would probably have given The Rock the title. The Rock retaliated by locking the ankle lock to Kurt Angle. Angle turned the movement and Rock Bottomed People's Champion. Shortly after, The Rock abolished the angle and hit the People's Elbow at Undertaker. Angle tried to take advantage of turning off the big one outside the ring and covering the Taker, who kicked out after a two-count. Outside the ring, Rock took a large pig from a nearby water bottle and spit the liquid into the Taker's face to blind the master. Taker was not deactivated for too long and managed to overpower Rock and turn his attention to Angle. Taker landed a guillotine fall on the angle and lay on the ring apron. The Rock picked up just in time to break a pin attempt at Kurt Angle. Taker nailed Rock with a DDT and set him up for a choke slam. ANGLE tried to sneak up with a steel chair, but Taker grabbed the tomfoolery and slammed it out of his hands. The judge was caught in the following fire and did not see the angle Taker stupid with a steel chair. Angle went to cover Taker when The Rock was inclined, but the dead man somehow got his shoulder up. Angle tried to pin Rock, but he also kicked out. The rock rose and landed Angle in the sharpshooter! Angle looked as though he were pressing, but Taker kicked The Rock out of the opposition team. Taker picked Rock up and crashed him with the last ride. While the dead man covered him for the victory, he ran in and took Taker up the ankle lock! Taker went scary with pain, but managed to counteract. He raised the angle for the last trip, but Angle put on a triangle cooling! It looked as if Taker was passing out, but The Rock broke Angle's team only to get caught in the ankle lock. Rock came out of the team and looked at Taker Chokeslam Angle. Rocky hit Rock Bottom, but Taker refused to go down and kicked out. Angle swirls the Taker up in the angle slam, but was Rock Bottomed by the Big and Clamped! Winner and New WWE Champion: The Rock <br /> ~ Finally there is a decent PPV! In the final round, the PPV was not very good, but one was a winner. I give this PPV an A- <br /> <br />
