Many people know how it feels when a loved one is lost. The feeling of pain, grief and grief can be unbearable. But sometimes it is the memories they leave that trigger the sadest emotions. This theme is excellently portrayed in the short film 'Tulip', directed by award-winning Australian actress Rachel Griffths. Described as a movie 'as much about memories as it is about love', a rigorous sensitivity and sentimentality is professional thread in this triumphant 15 minute movie. <br /> <br /> 'Tulip' is a beautifully thrown, touching and heart-warming story of a man's journey in understanding with the loss of his wife through the relationship he shares with a very special animal, 'Tulip'. The film opens with a rising dawn, the bird's chirping and a large landscape that introduces the feeling of rustic harmony found throughout the film. A soft music player that marks the entrance to Ruth (Jean Bain). She has a floral dress and apron with a sun hat on her head. She gently remembers Tulip, throwing her ears and clapping her back. The decor of the house is impressive and attention to detail is honest (a vase of tulips can be seen on the bench), reflecting the peaceful countryside. Will (Charles 'Bud' Tingwell) greets Ruth when she eats the milk from the bucket. They pour milk and coffee together, a sign of companionship and teamwork. No word is said, but it is obvious that their relationship is close and loving; they paint a perfect picture of happiness. Unfortunately, happiness does not last forever. Ruth's tragic assault affects Will deeply. An effective scene for fading cars highlights Will's isolation and vulnerability at the end of the funeral day. Soon he sinks into depression and becomes careful about his surroundings when everything seems hopeless and lost. At Will's despair, Tulip becomes Ruth's symbol, the true connection Will has with his late wife. It was through Tulip that learned to cope with Ruth's absence and overcome the heartbreaking feelings of loneliness. Each of the characters is realistic and solidly portrayed, especially the part of Will. Charles 'Bud' Tingwell brings the character to life through personal investments. The recent loss of his own wife (Audrey Tingwell) is reflected effectively in his plays. Each case of his shoulder and every wrinkle on his forehead makes the viewer empathy strongly with the character. Ruth's character is wonderfully done by Jean Bain. Although Ruth doesn't say a single word throughout the film, her sweet personality and loving relationship with Will is obvious. Lois Ramsey and Kati Edwards are delighted to support roles like the friendly Margaret and Mary. They also add a subtle humor to the bittersweet story. <br /> <br /> An anecdote from Griffth's childhood is the story of loss and discovery remarkably captured in 'Tulip'. Beautifully shot and excellently acted, this movie will surely make you misty eyed, triumphant or feel drinking a cup of milk.
