I read some reviews of this movie that everyone said the movie needed too long and that it was basically only sensationalist entertainment. I agree that the movie may be a little too long (2h30 would have been enough ...) but I certainly do not think it senses the subject. Jim Jones' expansive power trip and slow degradation in mental illness, paranoia and drug abuse are never treated in a voyeuristic manner. The film takes its time to show how Jones recruited supporters (Brenda Vaccaro and Brad Dourif's character are stand-outs in that case), but also to observe a creepy shift in Jones's perception of reality. It is fun to see an egalitarian, leftist, and compassionate preacher become such a destructive and cruel dictator. Perhaps the movie cannot investigate Jones' motivations enough, which can make the whole trial sometimes superficial (perhaps even with censorship ...) But Powers Booth's fascinating performance makes it all come true. I'm not familiar with the details of the real Jim Jones life, but Boothe makes sure the monster he's playing is trustworthy and genuine. The film contains many strong scenes, including Jones's sermons fairs, Jones meeting with Father Divine, a congressman Leo Ryan (Ned Beatty) visit to the Guyana camp and of course the suicide scene. It is quite a bleak spectacle to see and Boothe is quite commanding in the last few moments. Madge Sinclair shines in this scene as one of the sudden skeptical supporters, and so does Veronica Cartwright (like Jones' wife) and Brad Dourif, especially when their time comes to drink the murderous drink. The relative calm at the end of this scene, the tasteful direction and the contrasting beauty of the natural surroundings all work to make these images completely impossible to erase from one's mind. A disturbing reflection on human nature and its weaknesses. Worth to see if you only have to remember one of the really horrible events of the 20th century. Not to let it repeat again. Just as ironically, the inscription in Jim Jones' camp is "Those who do not know the past have to repeat it".
