Most successful cartoon films usually depend on having villains larger than life, ready to jump out of the screen and stifle you alive with a smile or a demented line or two dialogues. Tim Burton Batman had it, just like it (in an even greater grotesque way) Sin City. With Dick Tracy producer / director / star Warren Beatty piles on the villain until it becomes part of the frame. As a grand tribute to the 1930s gangster images - this time only for kids as opposed to the darker Bonnie and Clyde-Dick Tracy are filled with joyous archetypes and bright primary colors, where the criminals carry tummy guns and are formed on faces to shape their personalities. Bad guys like The Stooge, Shoulders, Lips, Brow, Mumbles, The Blank, Pruneface, Spud. Chester Gould gave the names of his characters to match their profiles and gave his hero a jaw that could cut glass. The film is a continuation of sight gags that are perfectly taken seriously. If at that time, movies like Batman and (underestimated) Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle's darker depictions of reality within a comic book overview, Dick Tracy is more 'old-school'. It's a story of cops and crooks, or rather a policeman, detective Tracy, when he tries to bust the Big Boy (Al Pacino in what is probably his GREAT performance to date and somehow makes sense to his grand style), but without any luck. There is also a small child, simply called Kid (Charlie Korsmo, who somehow brings more spunk to this baby than would have been imagined), and Tracy's love interest in Tess. And then there is the nightclub's 'lady' (Madonna, who probably doesn't give any kind of big play, but maybe it fits in well with it, and she sings brilliantly when it is called) that will not testify unless Tracy admits emotion, he doesn't do I don't have for her. Then there is terrible relationship with taking Tracy down and a mysterious masked figure with a scraggly voice. However, as an imitation of a Howard Hawks movie in a splash of visual effects and major explosions, Dick Tracy adds on the wink-and-node comedy and the act as his syrup on a high stack of pancakes. It is a wonder to look at this world, created in ways that fascinate them, if they had been done today, would just be using computers (ie, Sin City, rightly comparable to Beatty's film) . We drive through this world in big big shots and then press in the plot line or whatever is in it in large editing montages with camera angles that seem to come out of the small slanted panels in old comics. I am almost reminded of the cotton club under these sequences, as history, music, details and a few great battles and gunshots go a long way to reveal what to say, which is actually no more than it should. And there is a heap load of jail dialogue from the script (one of my favorites: "The enemy of my enemy is ... my enemy" plus any of Pacino's references to other numbers in quotes). <br /> <br /> Reviewing this after seeing it for the first time in the cinema (and only remembering small bits), Dick Tracy is a hard-boiled fantasy to the finest degree. It is filled with great joy for the kids, and with some really good actions squared away without some of the more vicious intentions of its cousin comic book (ie PG-13 fare), and for the adults its return is centrally done with panache and a solid feeling for unsubtle. Even Dustin Hoffman scolds it and he hardly says a sound word!
