The open credits provide a glorious, atmospheric piece of escapist entertainment filled with small knots for the comic. All the good guys are good, all the bad guys are bad, and the movie is miserable with well-known character actors who are covered in grumpy make-up to enhance their characteristics. <br /> <br /> Warren Beatty, like Dick Tracy, is the ultimate hard guy just man, indestructible, calm normally, always a better fighter than the other guy, and rarely one to push the limit of legality. Al Pacino, who "Big Boy" Caprice steals every scene he is in as a hunch-backed gangster in some named metropolis 1930s gangsters. Maddonna plays the kind of person she would probably play best, Breathless Mahoney, a nightclub singer and femme fatale with her own little diary. Gleanne Headly is Tracy's hard-talking, fiercely independent, long-lasting girlfrined. And then there is The Kid, a fun little street driver, Tracy takes in, modeling for his surrogate father and saving Tracy when the detective has accepted his fate to be blown up. <br /> <br /> The supporting players are one who is of character actors. Charles Durning is the chief of police. Dick Van Dyke is a district attorney who is cut off by the Big Boy's goons to keep him on the streets. Dustin Hoffman has a humorous ride like Mumbles, the snitch whose dialect is so indelible, police can't make head or tail of what he has to say. R. G. Armstrong is Pruneface, one of the rival gangsters Big Boy represents a special fidelity for creating a network of crime spreading throughout the city. Mandy Patinkin is 88 Keys, the piano player for Breathless's show. Paul Sorvino plays Lips Manlis, Breathless previously blesses until Big Boy gives him "Bath." James Caan carries relatively little make-up in his performance as the only gangster who won't follow the Big Boy's grand plan. William Forsythe and Ed O'Ross are Big Boy's enforcers, Flattop and Itchy. <br /> <br /> This movie preserves all the grain of the comics, plus it's full of vibrant colors. Almost all suits are elaborate in blues and green and yellow and red. All the colors of the rainbow are in this movie - and some! The math paintings used really do realize this world as two-dimensional, only acted in three-dimensional sets. The humor is abundant. Al Pacino fills the shoes of his character as no other character he played sooner or later. Big Boy is kind of crazy and kind of self-pity. He is an eccentric little man who trusts to quote our founders and resembles great political leaders. The man with the plan, always looking for the smartest way to do business.
