Time for a rant, eh: I thought Spirit was a great movie to watch. But there were a few things that stopped me from judging it higher than a 6 or 7 (I'm a little generous with 7). Point # 1: Matt Damon aggravates me. I thought, "what a dicky voice they got to the protagonist," when I first heard him tell - and then I realized that it is Matt Damon. The man fails me so badly - his performance in "The Departed" was horrible and ruined the movie for me (before the movie got a chance to destroy itself, but that's another story for another time), as it almost did " Spirit ". I was able to get past this fact because of how little story actually was ... fortunately. Point # 2: Brian Adams sucks ... The whole score was terrible ... The songs were unoriginal, generic and poorly executed not even did I find the music to fit; and the lyrics were terrible. Every time one of the lame songs came on, I was turned off. I almost thought I would start hearing a patriotic propaganda slipping into super-American Freedom Statements (I couldn't help but be reminded of the terrible patriotic songs that played on the radio constantly after 9/11). In light of the native American aspects of the movie, they should have gone with appropriate music using real instruments, not small radio hit, teen bop, 14-year-old girl crap. I thought I was back in junior high school. I can't believe no one could have been better done - I refuse to. Had it not been for this, I would put the movie up with Disney, who knows one or two things about originality (ok, don't say what I know some of you are probably thinking about). It's a shame, it's a shame that they couldn't have employed better musicians. <br /> <br /> I liked the art and animation, with the exception of some things here and there ... sometimes the angles of sharp on the face and the lines are too thick or dark on the body (thick / dark lines mainly nourishing). There were often times when I thought they were pushing too hard on emotion and facial expressions and failed to draw any real feelings. But there were also times when the emotions ran thick. Still, many scenes were lazy and the teams were clear. <br /> <br /> OK, I fall asleep here so I sum it up before I begin to make less sense ... <br /> <br /> Nice try on an epic movie ... it showed however, mediocre. Matt Damon, you suck!
