I have recently seen Spirit and enjoyed it a lot, I've seen it about 4 times now on HBO and want to buy the DVD. Those who gave negative reviews would probably believe that 'Vanishing Point' was just another car chase movie and 'Thelma & Louise' was just another chick flick. Although the conclusions of these films are darker, I think the themes are somewhat related; that freedom and individualism are very important and that there is usually someone who wants to take it away from you. The second common feature of these films is the caring, thought-provoking "host angels" that help the protagonists overcome adversity. <br /> <br /> Another review here describes how this movie relates to the theme of civilization that invades the homes of others. All you have to do is look around at the diminishing open spaces around us to see it. <br /> <br /> I thought the animation and story was amazing, the animators really made the horses look, act and move naturally. The spirit of the spirit was very clear when the story progressed (yes I realize that they are humanizing the horses a little, but that is fiction). In a few action scenes, you feel trapped in the flow of the stream and the heat of a forest fire. In other more quiet scenes (which are most of the time) you are allowed to enjoy backgrounds. One of the great things that makes history work is that you do not go into the speakers, sing the animal's route. It would take away from the power of history. Instead, the story of the story is told by the occasional story of the protagonist, additional punch added by the amazing soundtrack. Another plus is that they were not afraid to give the story something of a dark side (which really made this movie available to me). This is not widespread throughout the film, and the conclusion is appropriate and uplifting without being juicy. Those who appreciate horses will really like this movie, but I think it's a little more than a horse movie. I don't feel it would be a good movie to bring children to if they are brought up in the inane ticket offered today. But if they are the thought-provoking kind that can handle compelling stories like the Lord of the Rings and the Black Rings, they will probably love this movie. Hell, I'm 35 years old and still love those things.
