Spirit: Cimaron's stallion is an exceedingly wonderful movie. The mix of animation types is unique, the story is amazing and the music is wonderful. The drawing animation is a special thing about many animations. How they expressed the characters, especially the horses, through their animation is spectacular especially. While the way in which horses communicate through body language is easy to understand, many young children and people who have not studied horses cannot understand. Without words, I could imagine that expressing them through the functions should be challenging. Because of this, I understand "eyebrows" they added to the horses (while real horses do not have the thick lines). One of the few things I noticed about horse habits that might have been strangely performed is that Spirit leads his mother's flock. In wild horse herds, the lead stallion usually shocks the young people's shelves. <br /> <br /> Also, while some people may think of portraying the white chiefs as the 'evil' are stereotypical, think of all the films in which the Indians have been portrayed as that. Sometimes since; the treated mustang very badly. For example, in true history, the Appaloosa breed was almost wiped out by the chief officers. Imagine what would have happened to one of the world's best-loved riding breeds if the Indians hadn't saved them. I think it's great how realism was not pulled off by making the horses speak to each other. The spirit of the spirit was expressed by a small narrative, but mostly through the music (by Bryan Adams). The songs tell the story very well, and Hans Zimmer and Bryan Adams did a good job of telling the story through tunes and lyrics. <br /> <br /> The feelings I got when I watched the movie, whether it was the first time or the twentieth (yes, I saw it so much), you wouldn't believe. Some of the scenes are breathing away, while others seem to force tears into your eyes. The opening sequence, which shows the Spirit's homeland, puts you right into the spectacular action right away. <br /> <br /> I don't understand why some people are so hateful of this brilliant movie. Overall, I consider it a 10/10 - a must see.
