Sometimes in the late 19th century, somewhere in the American West, more cowboys go for money with a buffalo hunt. The group leader thinks buffalo is too many for the hunt to have some influence, but the more experienced hunter has seen how quickly the population can collapse and he is not so sure. With buffalo herds living in South Dakota showing films of real hunting (film introduction explaining it as necessary thinning of the crew), the film does an excellent job of presenting us the state of the buffalo and its impact on Indians without ever The real story is however, about the dysfunctional family created by the small group formed to do the hunt. Father's figure is Charlie, a fierce man with a short fuse. Sandy, his "brother", is the experienced hunter who is tired of killing, but needs the job after losing his cattle. A semi-Indian boy who hates the fact that he looks quite Caucasian takes the role of adoptive son. The grandfather (and moral compass) is an alcoholic buffalo skinner; Charlie's "wife" is an Indian woman whose comrades he killed after stealing his horses. <br /> <br /> Charlie is by far the most interesting figure. He is mediocre and insulting to anyone around him, but at the same time he knows they are the only family and friends he has. He expects the abducted Indian women to hate him, so accept him, but he doesn't know how to react when she refuses to do so either. He is the one who puts the family together in the first place, but he is also the one who is willing to ultimately destroy it. <br /> <br /> It looks very much like the classic "Red River" which also includes a family of battles being torn apart by the increasingly violent and alien figurine. As one might expect, this movie suffers from comparison. The reason is not so focused on developing the characters and family dynamics, and the direction fails to keep all the scenes going with this common goal. Charlie is so thoroughly unlikely from the beginning that we never have any reason to care about what is happening to him or his family. On the positive side, the message of the buffalo slaughter adds an extra dimension to the movie, and its conclusion is far superior to the Hollywood ending, which was dressed for the end of the "Red River". As a result, "The Last Hunt" is an interesting and entertaining movie, very well made, but lacks what would be needed to consider it a classic.
