One of the most definitive gangster movies from the 80s, Scarface is a very film of his time. The first thing you notice when watching this movie is that it screams you, "made in 1983". Costumes, music tracks and soundtracks, the hairstyles, make no mistake about it. It's a movie about crime in the 80s, and while it should have been dated terribly, it doesn't. This is still a great movie. While Georgio Moroder's music is a bit dated, it complements the story of Tony Montana well thanks to the amazing manuscript of Oliver Stone and the first class direction of Brian De Palma, one of two films he has made with Pacino (the other be the amazing Carlitos way). All De Palma trademarks are here; the strong language, the graphic violence (more on that later), the stylish overruns as grandiose sets and of course the stylish camera work. <br /> <br /> Pacino dominates the movie and I literally mean it. He is the dominant star in this movie. His performance over the top, this is one of those films where Pacino doesn't say much about his lines when he shouts them, this time with a great Cuban accent. But this is Pacino and he does it great. Only he could go so far above the top and still get away from the movie with his acting integrity in pace. While some may complain about his cries for his lines and the sheer surplus of it all, it's an exaggerated movie. Take a look at the production of Tony's house, take a look at the violence in this movie. The chain event is actually brutal and theirs is blood everywhere. The protection at the end has organs that go down at a rate more akin to Schwarzenegger and Stallone in the Rambo films. Take a look at the amount of cola that appears in the movie, so Pacino's performance assumes I'm perfect for the movie. He is supported by actors who are more akin to saying their lines in a more controlled way. Steven Bauer, especially as Manny, Tiger's best friend, stands out from the supportive cast. His performance is so controlled and quiet in a De Niro kind, it's a strange how he ended up making straight to video soft porn. Of course Michelle Pfeiffer adds the glamor, Robert Loggia adds gravitas as usual, and Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio makes a big debut as Tonson's sister. Of course, it's more than just a movie about excess. There is more to it than drugs, violence, chain saw attacks and a great big shooting. This is a movie about the darker side of the American dream. In many ways, it puts it on a thematic couple with The Godfather films. Tony finds himself in America, gets it all, lives the American dream and loses it all in a violent way and by saying that he loses everything, I mean he loses everything. He kills his best friend, his sister is killed, his empire crumbles, literally around him, and on top of that he is killed in his own mansion, bullets rip through him. <br /> <br /> No doubt, Scarface is one of the most important films in the early 80s. Sure, it doesn't have the subtleties of The Godfather movies, but it is still a nice movie and one that is worth going over and over again.
