I had the privilege to see Scarface on the big screen with its beautifully restored 35mm print in honor of the 20th anniversary of the film's release. It was great to see this on the big screen as so much of it is lost on television sets, and the overall scope of this project cannot be emphasized enough. <br /> <br /> Scarface is the remake of a classic rag to riches the depth of hell history with Al Pacino as Cuban drug master Tony Montana. In this version, Tony comes to America during the Cuban boat's wave of immigration in the late 1970s, early 1980s. Tony and his cohorts quickly get green cards by holding a political figure in Tent City and after a brief stay at a Cuban restaurant; Tony is launched on his terrible road to total destruction. <br /> <br /> Many of the characters in this movie are played in a clever way that is so funny to see, I forgot a bit of this movie over the last twenty years. Robert Loggia as Tony's patron, Frank Lopez, is wonderful. His character is flawed by being too confident and, as Tony quickly calculates, is soft. Lopez's right hand, Omar Suarez is portrayed by one of our greatest actors, F. Murray Abraham (Amadeus.) Suarez is the ultimate toady and will do something for Frank; It's like he doesn't have a mind of his own. Tony quickly sees this, and he is constantly struggling with Suarez, but really only sees him as a minor problem getting through to the top. The character that always comes back to me is played so perfectly, is Mel Bernstein, the boldly corrupt Miami Narcotics Detective, played by Harris Yulin (Training Day). Flour, without fault, extends large sum of money from all sides of the drug sector. He plays Tony out of Frank until it picks him up in a scene that marks the end of the movie from both Frank and Mel. It is invaluable to hear Frank ask Mel to file when Tony is just killing him to hear Mel answer: "It's your tree Frank, you're in it." This is from the man Frank had paid for protection! Tony's rise is meteoric and is matched only by speed and intensity by his rapid crash and burn. After beating Frank and taking his wife and business, Tony's greed over and he can never seem to get enough. When Tony throws deeper into the world of drugs, greed, and inability to trust, he eventually kills his best friend and sister, who had fallen in love and married. It all comes to an end when Tony's composition is stormed by an army from his supplier who feels betrayed because Tony would not go through with a political murder ordered. All stems form a compassionate moment when Tony refused to be accomplice in a murder that would have caused the victim's wife and children. All in all, this is an excellent picture of the 1980's surplus and cocaine culture. DePalma does a good job of keeping it all together in one of the fastest moving three hour movies around. The violence is extremely graphic and contains a few scenes that will forever be etched on every viewer's mind, especially the cruel chainsaw that is seen, the two points glossy shots to the head and the whole bloody melee ending the movie. This is a highly recommended stylistically made movie that is not for squeamish, or for those who need upbeat endings and potential successors; DePalma lets it all fly right here.
