The story turns to Antonio 'Scarface' Montana, an ultra-violent Cuban refugee who comes to the United States with less than nothing and makes a place for himself at the top of the cocaine trade ... <br /> <br /> As a calculator with a conscience and extreme ambitions, Tony begins to strongly desire the things he sees a criminal high roller, including his delicious lover ... Highs his way out of a refugee camp by enjoying the chance to stab a former taker of freedom, taking out rival dealers, gaining trust from an important doctrine by darkening a local gang leader in miami and eventually making it the highest levels of drug organization ... <br /> <br /> Pacino shows the results of greed and desire for power on the human psyche ... He guns himself through the sunny streets of Miami, where he got the "world and everything in it". With his recklessness, obscene dialogue, and his negotiating skills, he begins to imagine innocent and above all others ... He quickly moves deep into the world of bands and becomes more reckless than anyone else can imagine ... <br /> <br /> Michelle Pfeiffer looks dazzling like the dependent wife with no life ... She manages to portray the trophy's object navigating insecure waters with her anti-hero ... Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio happens to be the best in Tony's life, all there is good and clean ... Her disgust at the end of the movie is so burning that her entire head could have blown away ... Robert Loggia exhibits a faint and horrible disposition, especially when facing Pacino who challenges ... He turns out to be a less ambitious boss in power position ... Steven Bauer shines like the charming man, loyal ally and faithful friend ... The Oliver Stone-scripted 'Scarface' is a change in genre, lifting scene after scene of hawks' classic, while updating to go-and-fall gangster saga to modern, drug-infected Miami ... But as always, focus on decadence, profanity and violence is memorably a boring chainsaw murder rather than for psychological and social reasons for hoodlums psychopathic behavior ...
