In 1983, director Brian De Palma went out to make a movie about an American gangster's rise and fall, and he did - using a fantastic play by Oliver Stone and some impeccable work with an excellent cast. The result was `Scarface 'with Al Pacino in one of his most memorable roles. The story begins in May 1980 when Castro opened the port of Mariel, Cuba, to allow Cuban citizens to join their families in the United States. 125,000 left Cuba at that time, for the greener pastures of freedom in America, and most were honest, hard-working people, grateful for the opportunity they had been given. But not all. Among the "Marielitos" who roamed Florida, they had about 25,000 criminal records and were no less than the cube's prisons - criminals without redemption, which Castro had just wanted to get rid of. And they also saw America as a land of opportunity, although Al Capone had considered Chicago some fifty years earlier. And among the most ambitious was a man named Tony Montana (Pacino), known for his cast as "Caracortada." Scarface. Now that he was free from communism's ok, where he was an adult, Montana wanted what he felt to come to him, and he wanted it now; And from the moment he left the boat in Florida, he was determined to get it all. Wealth and power - it was Montana's dream, and he would do it by doing what he did best, starting with a service for a man living in Miami named Frank Lopez (Robert Loggia). Lopez apparently had a brother in Cuba who had met a tremendous end in the hands of one of Castro's goons, a man who, after surviving his benefit to Castro, had been summed up and was currently held in `Little Havana, "along with Montana and all the Cubans just outside the boats, waiting for their government papers that would affect their transition to their new life. And in short, Montana sees that Lopez's brother has been asserted and that sets the scene for his own entry into America's underworld. <br /> <br /> Lopez, a wealthy businessman with the right connections, in favor of backing Montana and his friend Manny (Steven Bauer) released from the team camp and put them into work. Capone may have had booting as a means of letting his boxes of illegal gain, but Lopez has today's equivalent and it is even more lucrative: Cocaine Lopez takes Montana under his wing and indoctrinates him into life, but When he has a taste of it, Montana is not happy with what is crumbling, Lopez looks good to throw his way, and he sets a course that takes him to where he wants to be: on top. With a cold-blooded iron, Montana will decide that he will do everything necessary to get there, no matter what the cost. but before it is over, he will realize the price of his dream and he will pay it; But for a brief moment, maybe he'll know what it's like to be The Man. And he also wants to know if it was worth it. <br /> <br /> In step with De Palma's vision, Pacino Montana is bigger than life, and he does so beautifully. From the accent he (which he examined thoroughly to make sure he got it right - and he did) affects the body language and attitude he has it all, and that makes Montana convincing and very real. What he brings to the role is nuance and style, in a way that few players (De Niro would be one) can. This is certainly not a sign that is sympathetic in any way, nor is there anything about Montana that you can easily relate to on a personal level. But Pacino's screen presence is so strong that it makes him a thoroughly exciting character, even though it's hard to get emotionally involved in him. It is simply a dynamic, memorable performance. <br /> <br /> Michelle Pfeiffer also gives a solid performance in the role that has set her on the road to the star. Like Elvira, the woman who becomes an integral part of Montana's dream, Pfeiffer is subtle and unobtrusive, giving it the feeling of something that goes on while affecting a rather cold and distant outer face. She, like Pacino, makes it clear that her presence is felt as she slides right across the screen with a stoic, enigmatic and sultry behavior. The support cast includes Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio (Gina), Miriam Colon (Mama Montana), F. Murray Abraham (Omar), Paul Shenar (Sosa) and Harris Yulin (Bernstein). An excellent precursor to the recent and highly acclaimed `Traffic 'and' Blow ', and as a climate culture reminiscent of Peckinpah's' The Wild Bunch ', De Palma's` Scarface', originally conducted by critics, has since been quoted by Many are the final American gangster saga. Much of the violence is implicit rather than graphic, but this film still has an edge of realism for many to find something disruptive. But if you keep it up, there is a lesson to be learned at the end. And as many lessons in life, the most valuable ones are often the hardest to take at that time. But the reward is always worth it, and that's the way it is with this movie. I rate this 8/10. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />
