"A classic is something everyone wants to read, but no one wants to read. A classic is also something that everyone praises, but no one has read." -Mark Twain <br /> 'Classic' seems to be the word used to describe "Scarface", Brian DePalmas 1983 movie about opulence, self-abandonment, greed and danger among Florida's drug ring. People and critics (and rappers for that matter) consider this movie "an epic gangster classic" or "epitome of gangster film." When it's all but. It is praised for all the wrong reasons. Scarface is a great movie that deserves praise from all over the world, but not all the praise it comes from the audience today, and therefore the fine points it makes so scary are missed by the public. <br /> <br /> First, the movie is about a Cuban refugee, with a past that wants to escape the grip of communism and find happiness. Simple? Yes. But the teams in De Palma's leading genius and the great story written by Oliver Stone (yes I know he actually wrote a really good one here) are all about. The characters are all looking for an escape, as escape is a natural element that is dealt with in the movie by everyone. Each character has something to offer, which makes them suffer from anyone who could appreciate this movie. They are confused in a world of mystery and money, but everyone who has a price they all learn. Each character thinks they get better chances in life when they are in reality dramatic irony, they actually get worse. 'Tragedy' would be a better word to describe this movie. All those who praise the film for it's drug use, it's violence, it's dialogue, missed the point. There is nothing really positive about the film beyond the signs that are positive expectations for themselves. And that's why the movie works so well. The destruction through the movie serves to deliver the film's message, not to look cool or attract viewers. Brian De Palma does not make movies for cult gangsters or brainless action fans. <br /> <br /> Next time, the movie is an adult drama. It's not a 'gangster movie'. It has its part of action, but the action is plotted very carefully so it has a point. It's not like "Aliens" - an example of a big silly action movie, and most audiences perceive this movie as a big silly action gangster movie about making drugs and shooting people. Ridiculous. Hogwash. If this movie is about it, it's about how bad it is. Not a promotion of it. <br /> <br /> It's said the movie is a great movie. It has great filmography that draws you into the story. It has a very dramatic score (in true Giorgio Moroder style) that could simply give you chills or bring you to tears. The movie is quite long, but it's a story and every moment counts. The action is amazing. Al Pacino - probably said. He can do any role he thinks of, and that was no exception. Pretty boy Steven Bauer, like Manny. I didn't think much of him in other movies he did, but he actually makes you as he walks under the maestro de Palma's direction. Michelle Pfeiffer is a real gem like Elvira. Popping "fresh from the heels of a kind of embarrassment in" Grease 2 "she got her ticket to ride performing a non-contained barred performance of a beauty that more than meets the eye. But the three true diamonds in this rough are Mary Elizabeth Mastrontonio who Tiger's sister Gina, who, when she smiles or cries, sees her soul and her fresh way of life and sees it getting worse; Paul Shenar as Alejandro Sosa, a deceptor running deeper than a river, and Shenar portraying him as such; and Miriam Colom as Tony and Gina hurt mother, these three dig as deep as they can go. <br /> <br /> This reviewer learned a major thing when you saw "Scarface" for the first time, always going in a movie unsuspecting. All the hype and talk of this movie may not be able to prepare you for what you really see. Just knowing De Palma (as I do) can give you a glimpse of what this movie holds, so ignore rap crap, ignore the mindless rapists, and fix yourself a glass of Bailey on the rocks and Pamper yourself with an emotional display of a fantastic movie, the real "Scarface".
