Many people like this movie and many more love it, but it seems that it's all for the wrong reasons. Scarface should be liked and loved, but not in the way it has been or is. Many people say the play was over-the-top, but who is better to make an over-the-top character than Al Pacino. Saying that Pacino went over-the-top here would be an understatement. Still, he does so well, he only brings the inner devil out of you as well. His character Tony Montana was not such a great guy to begin with, but his thirst for power just brought his illness of greed to another level; an inhuman level. Of course, Pacino seems to be a bit comic and surreal, but it doesn't seem to me to be a responsibility at all. The support goods worked very well. Michelle Pfeiffer was not really at her best, but she certainly suited the role she played. On the other hand, Steven Bauer was at his best, but he's still Steven Bauer. Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio was good, and like Michelle Pfeiffer, her role fits very well. Robert Loggia I've always enjoyed watching just shouting at him. Apart from Pacino, they were not really any standout or memorable performances. Everyone just seemed to care for their roles by being there. They didn't fit in perfectly, but were convincing enough. Brian De Palma did a really good job of leading this movie. When an actor is able to get bigger than life with his performance, some credit must be given to the director and I will surely give it to Palma. Brian De Palma, although he has not been respected, is a very versatile leader of my count. He knows how to manage movies according to their genres, but at times it has not proved good. Here it is, it is by all counts a gangster movie, but few are much better than this because of De Palma. The script was amazing, it was just plain Oliver Stone. When I saw the credits at the end of this film and saw that Oliver Stone had written this, I was especially surprised. However, it is a will to him. I've always been of him as a great writer, and he proves me again with Scarface. No one knows how to write a surreal reality for a movie than Oliver Stone. <br /> <br /> The music was good but not so great. It's certainly not my favorite from Giorgio Moroder. The music was a bit too 80s-ish for me, but it didn't annoy me. The kinematics were good, not great, but really who cares about a movie like this. <br /> <br /> This has probably been one of the most influential films of the past 25 years, but as mentioned earlier, it is for the wrong reasons. People should realize that Tony Montana's character is not quite, he's a monster. He is not inspiring in anyway. He is greedy, bloodthirsty, uneducated and self-exhausted. Yet he is a role model for many people because he is somehow a rebellion, but probably most of all because he is a cheat gangster. A vigilante would be like Mother Tereasa next to Scarface. The good thing about this movie, however, is that it shows that Tony Montanas is not the real problem. If we or the governmental population wants to shut people down like him, we could do that, but we don't. In a freaky twisted way, he is a necessity for our society. He is someone you could blame everything on and fell better about yourself. Tony Montana's of this world is the sin of our society. This in no way apologizes to people like him. Instead, it is more a reminder that we should not apologize or allow ourselves to do bad things just because we measure or believe that we measure up compared to better with a gangster or drug dealer. I love this movie because it's more than a corruption movie, it's a movie that strangely reflects on yourself.
