Each major gangster movie has undercurrents of human drama. Don't expect an emotional story of guilt, retribution and despair from "Scarface". This is a tale of greedy greed, corruption and power. The darker side of the fabulous "American Dream". <br /> <br /> Anyone complaining about the "cheesiness" of this movie is missing the point. The superficial signs, cheesy music and dated fashion burns further the criticism of this life of profound profits. Nothing in the lives of these people matters, not least on a human level. In fact, the film borders almost satire, ironically considering all the gangsta rappers who were positively inspired by Tony Montana's lifestyle. <br /> <br /> This is not Brian DePalma's strongest management effort, it is occasionally excellent and well organized. handled (especially the memorable finale), but often falls to the sloppy and deceived. Fortunately, it is supported by a very powerful script by Oliver Stone (probably good therapy for him, considering the coke habits he tackled at that time). The themes are consistent, focusing primarily on Tony Montana's life and the evolution of his character as he is devoured by greed and power. The dialogue is also excellent, se-sawing comfortably between humor and drama. There are many stand-out lines that have since pursued their way into popular culture in one form or another. The cast helps to do what it is, but it really is Pacino's movie. One of his formerly less subtle performances (something much more common from him today), it is a world completely separate from Michael Corleone and Frank Serpico. Yet he is as reliable here as ever, in very entertaining (and intentionally over-the-top) form. It's hard to imagine another Tony Montana having seen this movie, possibly one of the most mimicked performances ever. Pfeiffer stood out as boring and uncomfortable at first viewing, but I have come to realize how she plays that part of the bored little wife. Not an unusual effort, but unfairly misjudged. The supporting players are also very good, especially Paul Shenar as the sovereign Alejandro Sosa. <br /> <br /> Powerful, occasionally humorous, sometimes shocking and constantly controversial. "Scarface" is one of the eighties films (whatever that may mean to you). An important and accessible gangster flick and a pop culture mark. 9.10
