Those who have given this production such a low rating have probably never seen the famous George Balanchine production live on stage, or leave their contempt for the stealing of Macaulay Culkin affecting their judgment. The Atlanta Ballet was fortunate enough from the 1960s to the 1980s to be the first ballet company authorized to make this production except the New York City Ballet and I have seen it live onstage several times. I can assure readers that the movie is a fairly accurate representation of this production and that the use of a child with limited dance values ​​in the title role is not a cheap stunt who is dreaming to showcase Culkin; It was Balanchine's idea to use a child in this role, just as it was his idea to use a child for Marie's role. The "heavy" dance is left to the adults in history. <br /> <br /> This is deliberately a stage-bound film; In a way, it resembles Laurence Olivier's "Othello". Just as in that movie, the sets of stage production have been enlarged to the size of a movie soundtrack, but are not made less artificial, and the ballet is even photographed with discrete close-ups and without the distracting "music video" rapid cuts highlighted in 1986, Maurice Sendak overrated Carroll Ballard version. There are only two false steps in this 1993 movie. One is the addition of distracting and completely unnecessary sound effects (the mouse crackles, the children whisper "Ma-gic!" To Drosselmeyer, etc.). These sound effects are never heard at any stage of the production of any "nutcracker", and they have been filed as a cheap concession to simply appease the unsophisticated audience who may not enjoy the idea of ​​watching a ballet on film. <br /> <br /> The second fake step is the Macaulay Culkins nutcracker make-up, which looks ridiculous. When he is on the screen as a nutcracker, instead of having a huge mask (which is always done when the Balanchine production is performed on stage), Culkin is actually made as a toy - he has what looks like a bald hat as well as a white wig, whiskers and a beard. He also has his face engulfed a little, and the worst aspect of his make-up is that it is still recognizable to his face, amateurishly transformed in a way similar to Ray Bolger, Jack Haley and Bert Lahr's makeup in "The Wizard of Oz" (However, the film's makeup results worked spectacularly as it doesn't). And a comparison with Baryshnikov's nutcracker in * his * production shows how wonderfully creative Baryshnikov's keyhole mask was - "the jaws" actually seemed to move each time Baryshnikov tilted his head. <br /> <br /> The dance itself in the Macaulay Culkin edition is excellent, of course, except Culkin himself, whose dance, as I said, is not supposed to be spectacular. (Sugar Plum Fairy and her Cavalier are the prominent dance roles in Balanchine's production of "The Nutcracker".) However, the color of the film may be slightly brighter, as this is a fantasy. The choreography is also brilliant, and the adaptation of it is so faithful that it includes the sequence containing additional music from Tchaikovsky's ball "The Sleeping Beauty" - which Marie slides down below, falls asleep on the couch and dreams that Drosselmeyer is " repair "The broken nutcracker (this order was of course never included in Tchaikovsky's original ballet --- it is the only sequence in this production that contains music from a work other than" The Nutcracker "). <br /> <br /> Those who have missed this movie or those who despise (or destroy it) should give it a try, despite the two major drawbacks. It is far better than it does when you first hear that Culkin is in it.
