Published as Zentropa in North America to avoid confusion with Agniezska Holland's own Holocaust film Europe Europe, this is the third theatrical feature of a filmmaker who never ceases to surprise, inspired or even shock, a bizarre, nostalgic, elaborate film about a naive American in Germany shortly after the end of World War II. The American, Leo, does not fully get what he does there. He has come to help rectify the country, as it is clear in time that Germany was shown to be charitable. No matter how it sounds, he is not a Nazi sympathizer or as much as pro-German, just mixed up. His uncle, working on the railroad, gets Leo to be a helmsman on a sleeping car, and he is getting more and more crushed in a vortex of 1945 Germany's horrors and puzzles. <br /> <br /> This development begins when Leo, played quite memorably by the calm but restless actor Jean-Marc Barr, meets a sultry heirs on the train played by Barbara Sukowa, an actress with gentility on the surface but internally strength. She seduces him and takes him home to meet her family who owns the company that makes the trains. These were the precise trains that took the Jews to their death during the war, but now they run a daily itinerary, and the woman's uncle Kessler poses as another of the good Germans who just did their job. There is also Udo Kier, the huge actor who blew me away in Von Trier's shocking second film epidemic, although here he is just scenic. Another guest in the house is Eddie Constantine, a silent-force actor, playing a gloomy American intelligence man. He can confirm that Uncle Kessler was a war criminal, even though it's all confusing to Leo. Americans have been characterized as bright rubs out of their element for decades, but little have they been more blithely unconcerned than Leo, who goes back to his job on what gradually resembles his own customized death train. <br /> <br /> The story is told in a well-coordinated way by the film's Danish director Lars Von Trier, whose anchor is in the film's breathtaking editing and filmography. He shoots in black and white and color, he uses double exposures, optical effects and trick photography. When the actors interact with back-projected footage, he places his characters in a richly shady visceral world, so they sometimes feel like insects trapped between glass for our more precise study. <br /> <br /> This Grand Jury award winning surrealistic work is allegorical, but perhaps in a clear tone for all viewers. I interpret it as a film about Nazi last leg, symbolized by the train and the ethical responsibility of Americans and others who seemed too late to save the martyrs of these trains and camps where they distributed their condemned cargo loads. In the film's time frame and in the Nazi state and its importance to the train, they are dead, but just as beheaded chickens continue to jolte through their reflexes. People, music, dialogue, and plot are deliberately hammy and almost satirically purchased from film noir conventions. The most prominent points in the film are the completely cinematic ones. Two trains stop back and forth, Barr on one and Sukowa on another. A deficit of proliferating blood. An exceptionally expressive sequence of how it should be to drown. And most metaphysically influenced by everyone, an anesthetic shot of train tracks, which Max von Sydow's voice allows us to retreat to Europe with him and abandon our personal restraint.
