For some reason, this movie has never turned up in its native language in my neck of the forest (despite the owner of the TCM UK Cable Channel, which sends many MGM titles a week). More disappointing, it is still M.I.A. on dvd ?? even from Warners' recently announced "Western Classics Collection" Box Set (which includes 3 other Robert Taylor genre stakes); Maybe they save it for a possible "Signature Collection" devoted to this stalwart by MGM, which can come next year in time for the 40th anniversary of his passing ?? <br /> <br /> I say this because the movie gives him a rare heavy role as a selfish Westerner with a fanatic hatred of Indians and who chooses to exploit his expert marketing by making some easy money on hunting buffalo; An opening statement gives the alarming statistics that the population of this kind was reduced from 60,000,000 to 3,000 over just 30 years! As an associate, does Taylor choose former trade trader Stewart Granger ?? who collects alcoholic, pegbened Lloyd Nolan (who continually takes the irascible and vindictive Taylor) and teenage half breed Russ Tamblyn to the end. As expected, the company's relationship is a shocking one ?? Recalls that in the center of Anthony Mann's THE NAKED SPUR (1953), another gloomy outdoor MGM Western. In fact, the film is almost approximate taste and toughness in Mannes work in this field (despite being author / director Brooks first of just a handful of such excursions, but cumulatively exhibiting a remarkable diversity); Here too, the story tells in a female presence (Debra Paget, also a half-race) to be challenged between the two robust leaders ?? and Granger, as James Stewart of NAKED SPUR, returns to his job only bravely (his remorse for killing buffaloes for pure sports and profit is being realized effectively). <br /> <br /> The latter also suffers from watching Taylor take Paget himself? she brave but coldly maintains her approaches while secretly in need of Granger ?? and leave his frustration on the locals at a bar while he is full! Taylor, himself, does not come out unharmed from the deal: As the protagonist of SIERRA MADRE'S TREASURE (1948), he becomes diffident and jealous of his fellow human beings, especially with regard to a rare ?? and therefore valuable ?? hide from a white buffalo they have caught; He even goes buffalo at a time (as Nolan had predicted), became confused to take the thunder wave to the hooves of a nourishing mass of the species! The hunting scenes themselves are impressive ?? buffaloes stomped, tumbling to the ground when hit, the endless set-up of today's catch and the bodies that subsequently attack the meadows. The film is the atypical but memorable breakdown, as it is justly famous. With winter in full swing, a now paranoid Taylor lies next to Granger's blood in wait outside a hole (where the latter and Paget have taken refuge) to shoot him; When Granger pops up the next morning, he discovers Taylor in a hunched position ?? frozen to death! <br /> <br /> Moreover, my father owns a copy of the glorious source chart of this (by Milton Lott) from the time of the film's original release: in fact, he has collected a large number of such editions ?? After all, it is a practice that is still fashionable? where a book is reissued to promote its biographical adaptation. Also to the record, Taylor and Granger ?? who works very well from each other here ?? had already been paired (as sibling whales!) in the sailing adventure ALL THE BROTHERS WERE VALIANT (1953) ?? which curiously is just as hard to see (actually even more, considering that it has not even been shown on Italian TV for what looks like ages) !!
