William Castle is notorious among horror fans as B-grade director in the 1950s and 60s. His gimmicks, his cost cutting techniques and his unique vision are legendary. It is not surprising that someone (Jeffrey Schwarz, who has made countless documentaries) finally would take time to devote a documentary to his grandeur. Such is "Spine Tingler: The William Castle Story". <br /> <br /> I had a general understanding of who Slot was after seeing some of his films over the years. I knew nothing about her personal life, his goals and ambitions. This movie really flowed out of the man and gave me a greater understanding of the devotion he had to the craft of filmmaking and his contribution to the horror genre. The film portrays the castle as rival to Alfred Hitchcock, where Hitch is the artist who wins praise, while the castle is carnival bark that gets cult calculation, but much less respect. He is an icon for all second-generation directors out there, and therefore, it is not surprising that John Waters is highlighted prominently in here. (Joe Dante and Stuart Gordon also have significant roles.) <br /> <br /> His gimmicks were what drove his fame and the documentary has great pain to explain to them, which is crucial for those who are too young to remember. The rudimentary 3-D of "13 Ghosts" (see separate review), the sum of the seat of "The Tingler" (see separate review), the money back guarantees "Homicidal" ... to watch these movies now outside the theater, we Can judge them for their content (which I personally enjoy), but we cannot really appreciate what the audience once felt. <br /> <br /> The Climax of the movie is when Castle goes from cult director to Hollywood producer. After purchasing the rights to "Rosemary's Baby", he is set in a very special place to negotiate his movie release. Hoping to lead, he is sidelined to the producer to make room for new director Roman Polanski. While it is first disappointed, it turns out to be one of the best options in his lifetime - a hugely successful movie and work he excels at. Who better to control the wild artist Polanski purse as a penny-pinching castle? This should be his uplifting performance, but unfortunately, the film is more often connected to Polanski than Castle. The rest of his years are played and we get personal reflections of his daughter and niece. Across the table, everyone seems to have nothing but praise for the man. Somewhere along the way, he certainly disturbs one or two people, but you would never know from this movie. And I find the find - this is a celebration of Bill Castle's life, not "E True Hollywood Story". Fans of the genre would do well to get a copy of this work. <br /> <br /> I personally recommend assembling the William Castle Collection, which is not only here but eight of Castle's films in it, with lots of special features. Even this documentary comes with an audio commentary, so you can hear how Schwarz was personally touched by the castle, and get the castle's daughter Terry reflecting on her experiences with the various films and remakes. It's almost a brand new movie.
