Richard Brooks' The Last Hunt was a movie star Stewart Granger couldn't even hear about ?? he even tore a vintage poster for the movie when he presented it to sign in his later years ?? but then the instructor went off with his wife so it is understandable. For everyone else, this is one of the best of the western adults in the 50s and years ahead of its time in its attitude towards the environment. In many ways, it's almost like a sequel to one of Anthony Mann's Westerns who watch their heroes dragged to their redemption kicks and scream at every step of the way. Here, Granger's legendary buffalo hunter has already seen the light, but after a buffalo cost him his herd of cattle in a poetic justice, he is withdrawn in the dark by Robert Taylor's offensive and proudly racist pistols justifying it on the grounds that "I have already had the guilty conscience. I might as well have the money too. " Raised by Indians, he is fully aware of the damage he does to the disappeared buffalo heads for extinction, and he is almost as devoured with self-suffering as Taylor has had. When the two men fall over Debra Paget's squaw ?? the only survivor of a band of Indians Taylor kills ?? and a white buffalo hole that is invaluable to the hunters and the Indians for very different reasons, an inventory is inevitable, even if the result is certainly not. <br /> <br /> Taylor is definitely ironic casting ?? It was Granger who knocked down many of the epic roles that MGM developed for him in films such as Quo Vadis and Ivanhoe, who gave Taylor his 50-year comeback after years of steady fall. His hair color must not convince, but his performance makes a shallow and violent man consumed with hatred that he does not carry a gun and the gun carries him. The Granger accent is not always convincing, but he does a good quiet all in the Jimmy Stewart form and tries to hold onto his newfound decency and unite his actions with his beliefs before finally getting a chance to make changes. Russ Tamblyn's half-width rails and Lloyd Nolan's one-sided old-fashioned also give as good as they get, but the real star is the script: Tightly crafted with an excellent eye and ear to character ?? not to mention an ending Stanley Kubrick lent to The Shining ?? It balances historical revisionism with entertaining drama without ever selling either short. The new French DVD is extra free but boasts a 2.35: 1 transfer with an English soundtrack.
