The quality of this movie is simply unmatched by any baseball title of its time. Pam Dixon branches into the film industry to recruit blue-chip prospects and make this work of art a must-see. Academy Award winners Brenda Fricker (Home Alone: ​​Lost in New York, a time to kill), Ben Johnson (The Last Picture Show, Red Dawn) and Adrien Brody (The Pianist, The Village) reinforce the atmosphere of the film, drawing in an anxious audience. However, the dramatic performances are neutralized by the peculiar radio transmitter Jay O. Sanders (JFK, The Day After Tomorrow). The story is centralized around a foster child, up-and-coming actor Joseph Gordon-Levitt (Brick, The Lookout). Sidekick Milton Davis Jr. delivers a tearing ability as the long-standing friend who never knew his parents. The two do not have much, but what they have: Angels baseball and what they are looking for: identity. That's when 4-hour Emmy Nominee Danny Glover (Lethal Weapon, Predator 2) comes in to save the day as frustrated Angels Manager, George Knox. Relating to the fact that all characters in the story seem to have the same mission: Search for themselves to find out who they really are. <br /> <br /> Depressed that Roger (JGL) is separate from his father, he wants God to reunite if the angels can take the vimp. Odds are astronomical, but 3-hour Emmy winner Christopher Lloyd (Back to the Future, My Favorite Martian) comes in as the omniscient supervisor to work a little magically (saying). Before you know it, Al (Lloyd) is sitting with Roger in the stands, snacking on cracker jacks and causing some of the baseball's greatest boners! Dorothy Kingsley and George Wells' (DK Oscar Nominee GW Oscar Winner) 1951 manuscript is done justice under the mastermind's finger William Dear (nominated in the Directors Guild of America). He includes a touching storyline centered around the pitcher Mel Clark, played by Tony Danza (4-hour Golden Globe nominee, Emmy nominee), who, in comparison to all other cast members, just tries to find his place in a confused Anaheim. Clark has been called a dishwashing, sometime big name in Cinci, but he has something to prove to Manager Knox. <br /> <br /> Spoiling this nail-changing plot would simply be committing adultery in the 18th century. This is a diamond diamond and it keeps you on the edge of the seat until everyone comes to peace. Did I say a cameo by Matthew McConaughey (A Time to Kill, We Are Marshall) to all of you ladies out there?
