Although I don't usually go for the merciless heart-warming ticket like this, I happened to catch the 1994 version of ANGELS IN THE OUTFIELD (AitO) on cable one Saturday morning just as it began. Being an Adrien Brody fan, I was curious to see what Brody was like a youth of 21 (20 when he filmed it, I assume) in this early role as Danny Hemmerling, utility infielder for the California Angels (in 1951 the original, The baseball team was Pittsburgh Pirates, the name change being a good touch as it becomes the title of the pun. I decided to give the girl a chance and it turned out to be a rather painless, even gracious experience, with a decent balance of grin, tears, sweetness and baseball excitement. Also, my 7 year old daughter liked English effects! :-) Directed by Mike Nesmith's frequent collaborator William Dear, AitO is the story of Roger (Joseph Gordon-Levitt), a foster child praying really hard for his bad father (the convincing sneaking Dermot Mulroney) sarcastically saying they will be a family again when last place, California Angels wins vimpel. Soon, Roger begins to see real angels in the angels' games, led by Christopher Lloyd, whose usual zany, eccentric irreverence keeps AitO from irrevocably entering The Schmaltz Zone. Crusty manager George Knox (Danny Glover in world-demanding, awesome fashion) is a hard sell, but when the team starts to win, he believes in Roger's angelic observations, and soon Knox Roger and his sweet, lying girl and fellow cousin JP (the sweet Milton Davis Jr.) on every angel game for good luck. Knox himself begins toning down his own temperamental outbursts and mocking languages, just as much as the apple angels as for the children's sake, resulting in a fun bit when he begins to dress on a judge in his usual way, but begins to edit himself as he goes along. Predictable obstacles follow as troubling sportscaster Ranch Wilder (Jay O. Sanders) tries to make trouble for Knox because of the angel's angle. Sure, it all works fine for our heroes in the end, but they are so darn gracious you don't mind! :-) Baby-faced Brody has a couple of good lines (I especially like his exchange with Glover on the emotional consequences of the National Anthem on a ball game) as well as a sweet piece where a beautiful blond angel massages his shoulders before going up to Bats Brody is not the only future star in AitO's lineup: his teammates include Matthew McConaughey and Neal McDonough, and of course, young Gordon-Levitt continued to steal in the third rock of the Sun from the sun and watch movies as 10 things I hate about you. The always entertaining Taylor Negron and Oscar's winners (but not for this movie :-) Brenda Fricker and Ben Johnson allow for support. If you are a baseball fan who wants to rent a movie that suits the kids and check out some remarkable young actors before they become stars, AitO '94 will do well.
