I'm a big Woody Allen fan and so when I saw that this was playing at the cinema, I couldn't help myself. I wanted to see how Allen would follow up with his magnificent movie Match Point, as this is another of his movies shot in G.B. (which is unique among Allen's work) along with what appears to be his new mouse Scarlett Johanson. Scoop is much easier than MP, and humor is Scoop's most enjoyable aspect. The reason is about Johanson's character (a journalist student) who gets a tip on a warm story from beyond the grave. She falls in love with a suspected serial killer (Jackman) and she has to decide whether the truth is worth finding. Oh, and all this is done using a bumbling magician was the detective played by Allen. <br /> <br /> I must say that I thoroughly enjoyed Johanson's performance, but I am a bit biased, I could watch a three-hour movie with Johanson in still frames and remain enchanted. She plays a ditsy, yappy, bumbling sweetheart, a bit of a variation in a sense of Allen's stereotypical neurosis struck. She adds appropriate body language for comic effect. Needless to say, almost everyone who sees this will rarely find Johansson's character sweet, and that is a plus. Allen is Allen ... He still plays the same character as Chaplin and his Little Tramp character. Something that happens in this movie makes me wonder if I will see the neurotic little hypochondriac again. He is not present in his next picture and has spent more time just behind the camera as of late ... Jackman is also fun as the sovereign, millionaire murder suspect. I can't say that Jackman does anything special to make his role, but he still fits in with his character. <br /> <br /> With regard to the plot, I can't help but feel this is fresh ... In fact, it stinks of Jade Scorpion's curse. Johanson and Allen are more detective than anything. But I must applaud Allen at his conclusion because it is a little more wise than your typical incredible Hollywood version of this movie. Instead of everything being black and white, things are painted in grayscale. Being completely innocent has nothing to do with it, nor is it unequivocally guilty. Although the plot seemed old Woody still has a tone for a liners. I found his incentives for his last film interesting ... Come for humor, laugh and be happy. <br /> <br /> Needless to say, if you enjoy Allen's work, see it. If not see anything else ...
