Greetings again from the dark. Remember all the "What happened to Woody Allen?" jokes? Even Mr Allen was joking at the fans who wanted him to continue making his "funny" movies. As with any great artist, Mr. Allen's craft over the years and he lost some fans while picking up others. Last year's masterpiece "Matchpoint" showed that he is still as relevant and exciting as he was in "Annie Hall" and "Manhattan". What is most striking for us 40 plus year fans is that Mr. New York itself seems to have a little in love with the motherland. Apparently he actually likes England !! During the movie "Matchpoint" Mr. Allen enchanted with Scarlett Johansson and her real life spirit and sense of humor. This attraction motivated him to write his best comedy this year. Scarlett, while the risk of overload, must be given credit for not just picking movies that throw her in some glamorous light. She is not afraid to see and act as a real person. In "Scoop" she flashes some real screen combines and in many scenes delivers the right punchline to Mr. Everyone's straight man. Of course, when Allen decides to sit in front of the camera, he will get more than his share of a liners and social commentary - which is fine because few do better. <br /> <br /> Very good support work from Ian McShane and Hugh Jackman. In fact, Mr. Jackman glanced at why many of us believed him the best choice to replace Brosnan as the new Bond. As with most of Allen's movies, the star is the script, not the actors. Though Scarlett delivers excellent here and is a good contrast to polished Allen and Jackman, this is the dialogue that makes this one talk ... especially the bias between Allen and Scarlett. If you're not a big Woody actor fan, don't fear. He limits his screen time, and he is quite efficient, except for two or three short scenes that are almost out of place. Another Woodman tradition is a sparkling musical background, and "Scoop" is no exception ... especially the Strauss composition. "Scoop" is a lovely cross between "Annie Hall" and Marx Brothers best movie or Cary Grant comedies. Yes it is an adult comedy, but it is actually very sweet ... especially for a serial killer and talk ghost comedy !!
