Immediately hit the Match Point heels (2005), a fine if some self-serving piece of "serious Woody", give Scoop new hope for Allen's small but deadly band of followers (among them I speak for myself) that the master has once again found his shape . A number of disappointing efforts culminating in the tedious Melinda and Melinda (2004) and the embarrassing Anything Else (2003) raised serious doubts that another first rate Woody comedy, with or without his own participation as an actor, was in the cards. Fortunately, the cards are a Tarot tire that serves as Scoop's wise Maguffin and proves an optimistic reading for the future of the Woody Allen comedy. <br /> <br /> Even more encouraging, Woody's self-casting - unfortunately one of the weakest elements of his film in recent years - is here an inspired part of self-parody and a humble recognition that he can no longer play romantic leaders women who are young enough to be his daughters or grandchildren. In Scoop, Allen asserts the role of Sid Waterman, an aging magician with cheap tricks and tired scene tits, who, like Woody himself, has brought his action to London, where the audience - if not more receptive - is at least more polite. As Chaplin's Calvero in Limelight (1952), Sid Waterman Allen gives the opportunity to donate the slightly distorted mask of an artist whose art has fallen and whose audience is no longer large or appreciated. Moreover, Allen's ticks and extended stem cells are less distracting here than they have been for a while. <br /> <br /> The man's character also works nicely in the plot. His fake magical body-dissolving box becomes the ironic placement of visitations by Joe Strombel (Ian McShane), a notorious journalist muck racket, and a recent cardiac victim. Strombel is introduced on a River Styx ferryboat to Hades and repeatedly repeats ship because he just can't rest in eternity without communicating a final "scoop" on the identity of the infamous "Tarot killer". Unfortunately, his original return from the dead leads him to Waterman's magical show, and the only lead to his hot lead turns out to be a journalist candidate, Sondra Pransky (Scarlett Johansson), who has been named from the audience as a comic book for the magician's climactic trick. Sondra enthusiastically seizes journalistic opportunities and draws the restrained jailer into the investigation to play the role of his millionaire father. As stated in Lost in Translation, Johansson has a talent for comedy, and the eerie by-play between her and Allen is very entertaining - and all the more so, they never threaten to become a prelude to romance. <br /> <br /> Scoops serial killer, involving perverse prostitutes and an aristocratic chief suspect, Peter Lyman (Hugh Jackman), is undoubtedly a predictable result of Allen's long sabbatical exposure to London's ubiquitous Jack the Ripper landmarks and lore. Yet other aspects of Scoop (as of Match Point) also come from Woody's late life community with English culture. Its class structure, manners, idioms, dress, architecture and yes, special property habits give Woody new material for distressing observation of human behavior as well as sharp social satire. For example, when Sondra tries to congratulate Peter Lyman in a ritzy private club, Waterman notes "from his point of view we are scum." A great deal of humor has also been generated by conflicting British social manners abutting Waterman's insistent Borscht belt Jewish plebeianism. And then of course there is Aquarius's fun exit in a Smart Car, which he can't remember driving on the left side of the road. <br /> <br /> As usual, Allen's humor in Scoop contains heavy doses of i-jokes that take the form of slim allusions to movies and literary sources, and increasingly referring to their own filmography. In addition to the penetrating Jack the Ripper references, the film's soundtrack is dominated by an arrangement by Grieg's "King of the Mountain King", which voluntarily flown by Hans Beckert in M, the first masterpiece of the serial killer genre. The burial of journalists discussing the exploitation of the recently deceased Joe Strombel clearly reflects the opening of Broadway Danny Rose (1984). References to Deconstructing Harry (1997) includes the use of Death as a sign (along with his peculiar voice and costume), the use of Mandelbaum as a sign, and mention of Adair University (Harry's "alma mater" and where Sondra is now a pupil). In addition, the systematic use of Greek mythology in underground river cruises recalls the use of Greek gods and a choir in Mighty Aphrodite (1995). <br /> <br /> With regard to quotable gags, Allen's scripts are less dependent on a liner than they did earlier in their career, but Scoop gives at least a few memorable ones. On a question of his religion, Waterman responds: "I was born in the Hebrew persuasion, but later I converted to narcissism." And Sondra snaps off this closure of Waterman's wannabe crime: "If we put your head together, you'll hear a hollow noise." All in all, Scoop is by far Woody Allen's most satisfying comedy in a decade.
