First of all, let me comment that the audience LOVED it from the first moment. Perhaps current events in the Middle East led people to take the position: "I came for a comedy and George, I want to enjoy it." But for some reason everyone seemed to be entering the comedy. The last couple of times, Woody has tried to make a straight comedy (Small Time Crooks, Curse of the Jade Scorpion, Hollywood Ending). I've felt like the one-liner felt strained and a little outdated. I remember thinking of a time, "It would have been fun at the beginning of the sixties." So I went into this movie, I was afraid that Woody was tone deaf, but in this his comic sensibilities were perfect. Admittedly, there were plenty of my fellow AARP cards with people in the screening, but there were also plenty of 20-somethings and 30-somethings too, and they all seemed to get it and give up the occasional stomach laugh over many guffaws, chuckles and the like. In many cases, the throw-aways people were laughing so loud you missed the next line. <br /> <br /> Thematically, Woody was traipsing familiar ground. As I suspected from the trailer, this movie had a lot of Manhattan Murder Mystery in it, but again there was more than one smithy of Oedipus Wrecks (New York Stories), Alice, and even a small tribute to Broadway Danny Rose at the beginning . <br /> <br /> Even with Woody in the movie, Scarlett, like Sondra, was sometimes Woody proxy, but her character was far from the Nebbish, who says Will Ferrell gave us Melinda and Melinda or Kenneth Branaugh tried in Celebrity . Instead of archetypal ticks and quirks, Sondra's nerdishness comes directly from the family's history, which she shares early. On several occasions, "family business" leads her to malapropism, which we get as the audience, while the characters on the screen can only perceive them as strange non-successors. Since we're all in the joke, we can't help laughing. But the grin does not come from recognizing Woody nebbish, but really from the character. Unlike Farrell, Branaugh, Cusack or even Mia Farrow before her, Scarlett is not much obliged to use the Woody voice to evoke the Woody role. Thus, we do not find ourselves ripped out of the story when a Woody's voice suddenly emerges from the face of others. When my friend commented on the resort, Sid, the character of Woody, is a supportive role, but more the center stage than I hoped to enter. But this time, Woody seems to have written a character that really fits his current persona. Unlike his Ed Dobel saga character in Anything Else or his blind director of Hollywood Ending, this time the character is a comfortable fit. Perhaps more importantly, this time the character of the story seems. Within the raised circles they find themselves in, he is even more out of water than Scarlett, which is used for great comedy effect throughout. Sid is a waning, traveler magician who plays to the small crowd, but the fact that he is from another era is located in front and centered on our enjoyment. But what about Jackman? What about Ian (Swearengen) McShane? I liked them both to the extent they were used in the play. I especially liked McShane's short but effective swing. Jackman is charming with the ease of "Old Money" which was so often portrayed in films from 50 years ago. (Classes of Rose Rose from Cairo?) <br /> <br /> So what did I think? Short answer, maybe his best straight comedy since 1994's Bullets Over Broadway. Less stylized than Mighty Aphrodite. Less caustic than Deconstructing Harry. Less forced than Small Time Crooks or Hollywood Ending. Woody has finally found a comic voice that works in the 21st century.
