"Scoop" is also the name of a late-thirties Evelyn Waugh novel, and Woody Allen's new movie, though set today, has a nostalgic charm and simplicity. It does not have the depth of characterization, intense performances, excitement or shocking last frisson of Allen's penultimate action "Match Point" (argued by many, including this reviewer, to be a strong return to form), but "Scoop" resembles Allens last trip in focus on English aristocrats, skilled London apartments, murder and disclosure. This time, Woody comes behind the arriving murder mystery genre and returns to comedy, and is back on the screen as a gracious vaudevillian, a magician called Sid Waterman, scene moniker The Great Splendini, who reckons with some snobs' explorers with, "I used to be of the Hebrew persuasion, but when I got older, I converted to narcissism. "Following a revelation in the midst of Splendini's standard dematerializing action, with Scarlett Johansson (as Sondra Pransky) the audience voluntarily, the inconsistent couple is drawn into a dead donkey, the English journalist's endeavor tries to score a final top news story. On the edge of Styx Joe Strombel (Ian McShane) has just met the shadow of a lyan's son's secretary who says she was poisoned and she was told him that the charming aristocratic bounder son Peter Lyman (Hugh Jackman) was the Tarot Card killer, a serial killer in London. Sondra and Sid immediately become a couple of amateur corners. With Sid's deadpan wit and Sondra's bumptious beauty, they quickly cut to London's aristocracy. <br /> <br /> Woody pawer not his young heroine muse - as in "Match Point", Johansson again - as before. This time Scarlett is also not an ambitious sex pot and would be a movie star. Surprisingly, she morphed into a klutzy, bespectacled but still beautiful coed. Sid and Sondra have no flirt, which is a great relief. They simply go together more or less politely to perform Strombel's wishes by being kind to Lyman and seeing him for traces for his sake. With only minimal protests consent to appear as Sondra's father. Sondra, who catches Peter by pretending to drown in his club box, renames himself Jade Spence. Mr. Spence, that is, Woody, keeps breaking cards by making card tricks, but he amuses dowagers with these and beats their husbands in poker, jokes non-stop one-liners and constantly sustains success with oil. and precious metals, like "Jade" has told him to say. It is about everything that is there, or all that can be told without spoiling the story by revealing the result. First of all, Allen's decision to make Johansson a gauche, naively plain and poorly dressed college girl seems not only unfriendly, but an all-encompassing bad decision. But Johansson, who has picked and panache as an actress, miraculously manages to carry it off, helped by Jackman, an actor who knows how to make an actress desirable if he wants her. The film actually creates a sense of relationships, to compensate for the limited selection of characters: Sid and Sondra kick in a friendly way, and Peter and Sondra have a credible attraction, even though it is artificial and obsessed (she goes to bed. with a suspected abuse). What's a little bit, Allens again is swirling over English wealth and class, what his Brooklyn background seems to have left him, despite all his celebrity, with an irresistible hankering to. Jackman is an impressive guy, glamorous and dashing. His parents were English. But could this athletic musical comedy star be raised in Australia ("X-Man's" Wolverine) really pass as an aristocrat? Only in the movies, maybe (here and in "Kate and Leopold"). <br /> <br /> This is not as strong a movie as "Match Point", but to say it is a loser that some viewers have is pretty wrong. It has no more depth than a half-hour radio drama or a TV show, but Woody's jokes are far more fun and original than you get in such a media affair, and sometimes they show a return to the old wit and wisdom. It doesn't matter if a movie is stupid or slapdash when it redirects summer entertainment. On a hot day you will not have a heavy meal. It all adds up to a time when the movie comedies were really easy to entertain, without raw jokes or bombastic effects; without Vince Vaughan or Owen Wilson. Critics are eager to tell you that this is a return to the Allen decline that preceded Match Point. Don't believe them. He doesn't try too hard. Why should he be 70, but verbally he is still light on his feet. And his body also moves quite quickly.
