I was fortunate enough to get a free passport for an advance screening of 'Scoop' last night. Full house in the theater, and when the film ended, there was spontaneous applause. I didn't speak to anyone who didn't like 'Scoop', although two teenagers were sitting next to me sighing and fidgeting most of the movie. They were the exception, though everyone else, including myself, really enjoyed them. <br /> <br /> 'Scoop' is a fast paced murder mystery. A young female journalism student is unconsciously maneuvered by forces beyond her control to try to capture a serial killer on it. Lots of haninks come along when she collaborates with a travel illusionist and falls in love with a fresh and charming young nobleman. <br /> <br /> 'Scoop' is not a bad addition to the Woody Allen movie. It is not his best work, but it is a very enjoyable and light hearted body. I would say it fits comfortably into being an average Woody Allen movie right in the middle of the package. If you're a Woody Allen fan, you'll probably enjoy yourself. If you don't care about his work, then 'Scoop' can be enough to get you interested in seeing more. I don't think anyone who doesn't like his style of filmmaking and acting will change. Woody plays the same kind of neurotic character we've become accustomed to, even though it borders dangerously close to the forced and over the top of this movie. Although potentially aggravating for some who may wish, he would hurry and just spit the words, by Woody Allen fans what to expect. Very good performances around in my opinion, although I found myself lacking Ian McShane, who is excellent and not on camera nearly enough. Hugh Jackman is fantastic as the charming nobleman, and I think Woody Allen has found a new regular star to work with in Scarlett Johansson. I think that with 'Match Point' this is their second pairing, and she is just magic with the material that Woody gives her. Could be the beginning of a beautiful relationship! I'm glad I watched the movie and definitely recommend it. More sophisticated comedy than movies like 'Scary Movie 4', so if your brand of comedy is the latter rather than the former, 'Scoop' is certainly not for you. On the other hand, if you like a touch of class, sophistication and fun, 'Scoop' is for you. Probably not the Woody Allen movie I want to introduce to a newcomer, but everyone else should try it.
