I didn't really see this show so often when I was a kid, but the first episode I remember ever seeing is the episode where Kimmy Gibbler pierced Stephanie's ears. when I started high school back in 2000. I had problems all through high school and I would rather not get into it. But I always used to watch the clock, but it really reminded me of the problems I faced in school, and it rarely showed the kids parents. hidden by the clock is okay, but not a good family show. a few days after I graduated in high school in 2004. I switched the TV to the family channel and day after day I became dependent on full house. I could even tap the info button and see the year it came out and I would remember what I did during that time. the episode was coming on and it is called "birthday blues" and to this day is the most favorite episode, it's sad, with a happy end, and you see Kimmy Gibbler in a way she doesn't act in other episodes she shows In fact, its serious side. I have seasons 1,2,3,4,5 and 6 on DVD, and I'm waiting for 7 and 8. I somehow wanted them to get a documentary and some comments from the cast members. I don't know why some people hate this show because you can't see garbage and violence on this show. And for those who hate this show, I pray for you because you may have grown up in a dysfunctional family where there was no love. but full house is, in my opinion, a family living in heaven, where everyone is happy and good things always happen. and the characters are so wonderful. Danny Tanner reminds me of my mother and grandmother. Joey is good natured and is always in a good mood. when I was a kid, I used to be like Jesse and he is the first actor on television as a guy so obsessed with hair. Somehow you can actually tell that DJ is a California girl. I like the episodes of Kimmy Gibbler because she always makes me smile and brighten my day when I look at her. and Stephanie is so cool. I also find it difficult to tell Olsen the twins from each other. I want my kids to see it one day. but full house is my # 1 favorite show and Sabrina teenage witch is my # 2 favorite. One day, sometime before I die, I would really like to meet all the pots in person. The first 3 seasons are a bit boring, but they are getting better in the 4th season. I just wanted them to have made a 9th season. they stopped making full house in 1995 and in the fall of 1996 the Sabrina teenage witch came out (which is a similar family show), but the whole house is a very loving show and they have their good times and bad times and yes i understand if You are a wild-type person you are going to hate this show, but this is a show of happiness and it is also a moral show. Also I would like to say that the first 3 seasons are good kid shows, but around the 4th and 5th seasons DJ and Stephanie become teens. Also, I noticed not only with full house, but many shows, they never talk about the problems of the world and politics that when full house was on the air during the Gulf War in 1991 and during the Oklahoma City bombing in 1995 they never mention anything about it. also steve was my favorite DJ's girlfriend, those with viper and nelson were not very interesting. but seasons 5 and 6 i think are the best. I just wanted them to have made a 9th season because it left a big question mark in my head, because in the last episode of the last minute, DJ is surprised and goes to her prom with his ex girlfriend steve, I have always wondered if they came together again. and i liked how in the last seasons the DJ was always the responisible and stephanie would always do something daring, as in the episode "stephanies wild game"
