Thanks Jymn Magon, for creating Disney's 2 best cartoon ever. This show has improved a lot over the years. As a kid I didn't like it because I thought it was a rip-off of Ducktales, which was my favorite Disney thing at the time (like Grandmoffromero). So later it was good, but not good. But after reading the reviews here, I decided to give it another chance and bought the DVD set and looked at the whole pilot the first day I got it and was very pleasantly surprised. It's still my favorite episode, even though the series lives up to it. And at the end of the disc 1, I knew it was a top tooth. <br /> <br /> The characters are so complex and charming. My favorite should be Wildcat. He is absolutely fun and sweet to start. My next favorite is Baloo, the best pilot on the show. I can see why 'ol Jymn built the show around him. Then it's Kit Cloudkicker. He and Baloo have the best conditions in the series. Then, Louie. Jim Cummings did a perfect job of publishing the original voice. After him, Rebecca. She made me laugh quite hard, and I think she and Baloo eventually get married. And finally (for the heroes), Molly. Although she is my least favorite, I still like her. I think she is a very sweet character (much better than Webby from Ducktales). And the bad guys were very original. Don Karnage & his air pirates always break me, Kahn is ice-cold and ruthless, and Thembrians is always at least funny. As mentioned before, the stories from hilarious (Time Waits For No Bear, Romance of Red Chimp) reach out to nothing but touching (The Old Man & Seaduck, Paradise Lost), for fun, fun and exciting adventures (In Search of Old Blunders and my favorite for whom Bell Klangs). These are just a few of my favorite episodes. Anyway, Talespin is Disney's best, except Rubber Bears Some reasons for this? GB had a decent amount of my favorite character (Cubbi) while TS did not have enough of the Wildcat. But in the end, Talespin is still a classic. BOTTOM LINE- 10/10 6th best cartoon ever.
