Ahh, Talespin! What can I say has not already been said about this great show? Nothing! This is undoubtedly one of the most well-written shows I've ever encountered, live action or animation. The newer stuff is too stupid for my taste, and some of the "mature" stuff I have to shoo children out of space for. But not Talespin. <br /> <br /> The stories are engaging and very plausible. Some of them could even be stretched out for an hour or two for a movie. Episodes like Stormy Weather and her chance of dreaming are very dramatic while still being fun for both kids and adults. Then there are the pure comedy episodes such as the Blow of Baloo Bloods and stuck on you, where emphasis is on hilarity. I can laugh myself at tears in a few choices. <br /> <br /> The drama aspect is lacking in most shows today (at least those not specifically aimed at it), especially in cartoons. For example, in the episode Stormy Weather, Kit Cloudkicker decides to join an air circus, but Baloo thinks it would be too dangerous. In the episode's biggest fight, Baloo shouts on Kit to stay away from Daring Dan, as Kit screams "NO! You can't tell me what to do! You're not * * * * * * DAD *!" and bury his face in his pillow. The next day he leaves the air circus. This kind of drama is rarity in a cartoon, and it will be very welcome in those created today. The characters have a lot of depth for them. Baloo is basically the way he is in The Jungle Book, plus or minus a few degrees of laziness. Rebecca is a listed businesswoman whose ideas of getting money while good in theory are rarely good in practice. Molly is a cute little girl, but you can't let it deceive you. She can sometimes be a real hellion. Kit Cloudkicker is a darker sign than the rest. He doesn't trust adults much unless they appeal to him and he tends to interrupt relationships. See his expression in Plunder and Lightning as he grabs that jaw: he looks like he's willing to put it right through a pirate. In the end, the drama is combined with the right chemistry between the characters that make this show # 1 in my book. The relationship between Baloo and Kit is very true, almost father and son. This is well demonstrated in All's Whale That Ends Whale when Baloo takes the Kit's word for Seymour to abuse the animals in his aquarium rather than sitting with the other adults. Baloo and Becky's relationship is also realistic, because of Balo's motivation for work coming from wanting to buy back and so on. 'Sea Duck, not necessarily a desire to help Rebecca. But something tells me that if he got the Spirit back, he would still work for Rebecca. <br /> <br /> Not to mention all the other aircraft in the series, Sea Duck is quite realistically designed. The aircraft's features do not even change during the series (continuity as it is also difficult to come by), and unlike most other "super plans" of other cartoons, it does not have a single weapon on board (unless you count mango!) and instead rely on the cunning pilot's great skill to get out of trouble. It's hard to think of a whole vehicle that has no kind of gun tower, laser gun or even a gun somewhere on board. And the fact that they are using their heads to get out of trouble is so difficult to find in a cartoon today. Plus it's just such a darnt cold design! <br /> <br /> This is definitely the best cartoon. Ever. Period. Definitely worth all ten stars!
