If you see this show for the first time, you may start wondering if you are in an alternative reality. Colorful and imaginative characters? Entertaining dialogue? Plots that seem to have some depth for them even to create atmospheres of excitement and drama at times? I mean, this is a syndicated children's show right? This is the same place that has brought the kids so dull as "Pokemon", "Pepper Ann", "Mighty Morphin Power Rangers" and "VR Troopers" (please note that three of the above titles are crass Japanese exports, thanks to Fox Network and Saban Entertainment). Don't worry, you're just trying out some of the quality pricing available to children in the late 1980s and early 1990s. Some examples of this period would be "Transformers", "Garfield and Friends", "Captain Power" and "C.O.P.S." (a cartoon NOT to be confused with the live action show at Fox). In addition to these prime examples, Disney also returned to syndicated children's programs that come up with a lineup called "The Disney Afternoon". Apart from a dumbed-down show called "The Gummi Bears", the early shows such as "Darkwing Duck", "Duck Tales" and "Chip 'N Dale's Rescue Rangers" gave credibility to the Disney animation teams who also played theatrical classics like "The little mermaid "," beauty and the animal "," rescuers underneath "and" the great mouse detectives ". But above all, these wonders shine "TaleSpin". The premiere of "Plunder and Lightning" was a two-hour thrill and won an Emmy. Much to my delight, the rest of the episodes were up to each other on the prizes' promise. <br /> <br /> While I enjoy the plots and dialogue, I believe the biggest attraction is the characters. There is Rebecca Cunningham, an independent woman, but still mistaken; Kit Cloudkicker, full of pre-teen anxiety and optimism; Louie, with her loyalty and support; Frank Wildcat, the most entertaining engineer since Scotty on the original "Star Trek"; Molly Cunningham, sweet and witty, but with a depth that most children's figures do not have, and of course in the middle of it all, there is Baloo, which I would describe as a slobby version of James Bond. This is because when there are problems, the Baloo saves the day with the help of its slimmer than the fastest all-ever port (read: James Bond's Aston Martin). Of course, every big show must have big villains, and TaleSpin doesn't disappoint either either. From the businist Shere Kahn's megalomania, to vain and always failing air pirate Don Karnage, to the howling and eerie Soviet satirized Thembrians. The animation is good, the music fits, and the episodes are (for me) the finest that children's programming has ever had to offer. Fun for the whole family!
