As for many here, I can't help but praise the Cast and Crew who developed Talespin and others they did throughout my childhood. Like everyone who has commented on this, I have thoroughly enjoyed the quality of not only the animation but the quality of the story lines and the characters. <br /> <br /> Classifying this work of art as a "cartoon" could never do the spider justice. In fact, it is an insult to the class as a "cartoon", Talespin is an animation and nothing less, it is obviously the greatest genius work to be produced at Disney to date, when Disney "pulled" it from the air, so they understood what They did, and I am sure their souls have been tortured by regret since then. <I will take a moment to explain, from the first to be ducked to the last, which I think is Darkwing Duck, Disney has been plagued by errors due to political correctness and has taken a quantum leap back since you prefer quantity quality now not to mention the room full of monkey's story I could not get my kids to see the numb "cartoons" they are throwing out now in fear that they would all turn out to be homer Simpson once in the future, and 50% of the blame would be on me to allow them to see it, I couldn't let it happen. Therefore, I have all the shows from the late 80's to the mid 90's on a hard drive, so one day my kids couldn't be destroyed by "Cartoon Crap" today and to enjoy the last piece of childhood I have and hold on to, and I owe it to Talespin. <br /> <br /> Speech spins for me are undoubtedly the best animation ever produced in the world because of it's depth, charm, white, compassion, feeling and lack of really poor quality and history lines that many have today , you can see some of the content in saying "ed ed eddie or anything else you can think of ?, skit produced today can be compared to some 3-year-old inexhaustible hyroglyph showing Picasso. Once you see an episode of Talespin, take a look at the woodgrain on any tree object or building like Higher for Hire and salivate about the quality of craftsmanship and effort in this Animation, even if the one shot backgrounds were done as if they would use them Over and over again, The Buildings look true to the Art Deco movement, which was popular in the time period shown, even though the vehicles are true to life, OK, not all episodes were amazing in animation, but lower class scenarios were covered by the superiors. scenes, so all in all t even made it all out at the end of the episode, and you would never even notice at all unless you were focused and aware of details. <br /> <br /> The only thing I love about this is what I like to call the "deliberate errors" or "intentional errors" in each episode and some have two. For example, in sheepskin deep, where rebecca says "You're up to something Baloo" and Baloo answer "Who, Me !, I'm as innocent as a schoolgirl" take a look at rebecca's eyes, I won 'Don't ruin the rest of Baloopers, but watch out for next time. <br /> <br /> All elses comments are bang and 100% accurate, I have nothing else to add that others have not already said here, Disney, WAKE UP and smell the coffee. You've been sleeping for over a decade. Stop producing waste and bring quality back to Animations and Stop producing "Cartoons". We have seen evidence of what you can do and we want it back as soon as possible.
