This film makes a statement about Joseph Smith, what he stood for and what the LDS Church thinks. With all the current media coverage of a particular fleeting people, the LDS Church has confused the FLDS Church and the criminal refugee Warren Jeffs. Jeffs is not affiliated with the LDS Church, but media groups have internationally asked for comments about Jeffs from The LDS Church. Jeffs is not mentioned in the movie at all, but I think it is ironic that this film with all that is pointer about Joseph also points away from the few of the FLDS Church and their leader at this time in the media world. This is a movie about Joseph Smith and a great one on it. Some of the most obvious differences between Jeffs and Joseph are depicted in Joseph's humanity, acceptance, and love. Jeff's views and opinions differ greatly from Joseph Smith and LDS Church, and it is seen in this movie. Jeffs thinks of "Negro" as devils. Joseph Smith knew they were God's children and gave his wife's favorite horse to an African American (former slave) to buy his son's freedom. Joseph is shown to do housework for his wife Emma and is criticized by a member until Joseph tells him that a man can lose his wife in the next life if she chooses not to stay with her husband and that it is a way to help and cherish your wife. Jeffs brought one of his polygamous wives to his knees in front of a class full of students by grabbing her braid and twisting it painfully until she came to her knees. Finally, Joseph attended law enforcement and always sought help from the government. Jeff's thumbs his nose on the government and flies at any time. <br /> <br /> I loved this movie and if you don't know much about Joseph Smith and what the LDS Church thinks, it's the movie to see. And if you had confused the LDS Church with the FLDS Church, then you really need to get your action together. We are not very different from anyone who believes in Jesus Christ, the sanctuary of marriage and the family, as well as patriotic to our homeland and country. We are all different, just as you can find various Protestants, Presbyterians, Methodists, Baptists and Catholics. What is important is our message and what we stand for. This movie is trying to portray it, but so much of Joseph's life cannot be covered by just 2 hours of film. This was a really good show.
