A place near the bottom of the film studio you can find companies like UFO, Troma and below them the seduction cinema. <br /> <br /> Seduction is a direct video production company specializing in lesbian, non-hardcore erotic movies. It has developed a very dedicated fan base that buys every new title they are released, but unfortunately, the company has become too closely linked to frequent star Misty Mundae. Sadly, I say because the latest mainstream interest and her appearance on the Masters of Horrors show has made her set her sights slightly higher than the zero budget S.C effort that forces the company to find a new identity. But back in their honorable days, they released this movie in a much appreciated world. The beautiful Misty Mundae is forced to attend a boarding school at the request of an absent father. At school, she meets her absurd, warm roommate, played by Ruby Larocca, who immediately has her design, but director (Barbara Joyce) has other plans. In typical S.C style, the film stops every ten minutes for an extended sex scene, but unlike most of their efforts, this has a somewhat interesting story and a few good performances. Mrs Larocca seems to have a good time as the sexual predator who sees Misty as a tasty meal, and Darian Caine makes a welcome (yet short) appearance as Satan. That is the kind of movie that Jess Franco would turn out in the 70s (although this one does not have the hard-working sex that Franco was always willing to throw in for foreign sales) and fans of the crazy work would be wise to give one a ride. <br /> <br /> For me, as a long-time zero budget cinema fan (and Troma worshiper), I came across the Seduction movies through their parody movies (Playmate of the monkeys, Who wants to be an erotic billionaire), but I actually prefer their more original works. You either see past the low budget and occasionally weak actors, or you get hung on these things and just hate all those movies. For me, the most obvious thing that unites these non-budget films is a really fun feeling. These low-budget companies are able to create their own unique style, giving the viewer something very different from the mere, by the numbers, studio visits that load the multiplexers. <br /> <br /> If you've never seen a Seduction movie either this or Sin Sisters (with both Mundae sisters) is great choice at first. This is a fun, fast-paced movie (though the school's frequent external shots become a bit old) and the DVD is completely packed with extras including a ton of previews of other business tasks, a large backstage featurette and some deleted scenes including an alternative slot . I recommend that you pass the disc's bonus feature, the first film by the instructor, as it is rather weak and not really worth seeing.
