This severely afflicted, often violent Western in the Peckinpah / Leone tradition is surprisingly directed by Andrew V. McLaglen, whose former Western (especially those representing John Wayne) were mainly in John Ford fashion. It is both surprisingly traditional (good boys / evil boys) and incredibly up-to-date too. <br /> <br /> Heston depicts a former captain of the Arizona Territorial Police who has been retiring for a year with police law enforcement reviewing a reform-minded sheriff (Michael Parks) and found his ways of enforcing the law becoming taken over by cars, telegraphs, telephones and the railways in the early years of the 20th century. But soon he is confronted with a threat from his past - a half-fed crime (Coburn), which he defeated more than a decade earlier for a two-gang killer who killed four guards. In a subsequent shootout, Coburn's wife was killed; and then Coburn is out for a most horrible kind of revenge. It involves the kidnapping and eventually the rape of Heston's daughter (Hershey) by him and his gang. The result is a tight and violent persecution through the mountains and deserts of southern Arizona. The last hard man, based on Brian Garfield's novel "Gun Down", is fierce in many places, including the rally between Heston and Coburn, and the rape scenario involving Hershey and two members of Coburn's gang (Quade, Paull) is probably just as questionable like similar scenes in STRAW DOGS and DELIVERANCE. But that doesn't detract from much of the film's psychological approach to the Western genre. McLaglen is able to handle the bloody story with significant panache, and Heston's performance as an aging lawyer was probably the best he ever gave in any of his 1970s films. Coburn gives a particularly cold-blooded heavy, and both Parks and Chris Mitchum (as Hershey's anticipated husband) are also doing good twists. The music here is cribbed from Jerry Goldsmith's scores to 100 RIFLES and 1919 remake of STAGECOACH, but it still works here. <br /> <br /> Cleverly filmed on the spot in Southeast Arizona, and using the old Tucson set, THE LATEST HIGH PEOPLE must be released by Fox on VHS and / or DVD soon. It is a Western that deserves nothing less.
