While I loved haunted movies like Amityville and Poltergeist, this made television adaptation of Susan Hills book packages a big blow to Hollywood's horrors. <br /> <br /> With a brilliant cast (many of which star in Heartbeat and other TV dramas), stunning plays and stunning setting (depicting 1920's life convincingly), it has all the right ingredients to entice the viewer into what's a powerful ghost story. <br /> <br /> Herbert Wise did not need blood, violence or do to send shivers down an audience's spine. Using your own imagination, Woman In Black is a figure of fear and fear and whose presence is never absent when she first appears. The main character Arthur Kidd, a lawyer, learns about his unseen ghost on his mission to settle the property. The widow dies, and Arthur spends few nights in her dull home, discovering many strange things that can haunt him for a few days. Some of the scenes are very disturbing and claustrophobic, especially the locked room that opens itself, which turns off the generator and closes Arthur in the dark. The movie becomes more harrowing the more you put yourself in Arthur's shoes and his efforts to shake this ghost out. The author adds many chilling additions to the story, an example being the tin soldier's re-appearance. You are eager to learn the meaning of it all. The fact that we never really learn so much about the widow leaves more to the imagination and makes it more disturbing. The widow mostly looks vicious and scary. The actor after winning the generator sent chills down for me, a woman who looks out of nothing on isolated foamed land with a howling wind ?? Having been to such properties myself I can appreciate how isolate this is. And the scene in the inn was perhaps the most horrible thing I have seen, one I do not want to look busy or show to older relatives. I have often woken up at night and thinking that she was behind me in my sleep. Woman In Black is a great television movie and a lost gem. I agree to some extent that the internet hype for this movie has been completely overblown and can see why people were disappointed after using the best of £ 50 on it, but I think the web has defeated hidden gems because it makes movies like these overloaded. I think it's still brilliant and wonderfully acted, and I consider it the greatest century's ghost story.
