Most horror movies are actually horrible movies. They will be the same ol 'same ol'. The same package every minute with a little cheap voltage (usually "splatter") and today they can pack every second with exciting special effects. One of the goals of a really good horror flip is to suspend the feeling of disbelief to the audience. For example, I saw both the latest Mummy movies and got almost dizzy viewing ridiculous special effects every second. It costs about a million dollars a second to make these movies and my sense of disbelief was never suspended, it grew roots. Subtle can be more scary. Less is more. <br /> <br /> I first saw 'The Woman in Black' on the A&E channel. After ripping through the usual 987 channels with very bad TV, I stopped to see it. This movie has almost the feel of a 'Masterpiece Theater' production. It was fine with me, I always preferred British television and movies anyway. <br /> <br /> Most viewers think this is too slow pace. But the slow stimulation helps to give the story credibility. The special effects are few that make the viewer believe that this movie is set in the real world, which makes us a little more troubled. The makeup and costume for the ghost are kept simple and trustworthy. Hollywood would have made her look like a demon from hell with glowing eye-catching claws, etc. Hollywood would have done an overkill and turned this idea into mediocrity. The woman does only five exhibitions in the film. Most of them are where she appears in the distance, and even that creates a good scare. If she seemed too often, it could have costened the mood being put. But this film is so well made that through much of the film we are led into feeling that she is there all the time but not visible. The place where she 'visits' Arthur Kidd late at night, and we just see her a little too close, is a horror masterpiece. This is just an extraordinary movie that I think should be considered as the finest horror movie ever made. I have a copy of 'The Haunting', 'The Changling' and a zillion more. I haven't seen anything that tops 'The Woman in Black' yet, even though I'm still watching. This film is so well made that it itself gives the most hardened skeptic (like me) a moment when I almost had other thoughts about the ghost's lack of existence. I laugh to people that I occasionally get short fears that she can look standing in the middle of the road or that I would see her staring through my window etc. Maybe she could be in a crowd in the mall, staring at me with her appearance of hatred. This is how a really great scarecrow film should be. As a LaFanu novel, The Woman in Black slowly pulls you in and wraps around her neck, and before you realize it, she squeezes the life out of you and it is too late. The closest thing to criticize is that this was made for the small screen ... and it's a horrible shame that this is out of print. I just paid over $ 40 for my second copy of this movie. It's a great price in my collection. Now I'm in search of an even better horror movie that not only gives chills but also qualifies a sound drama.
