I was fortunate enough to see this without any prior viewing hype. I was surprised at the buckle's image in my mind the next day and the day after. I've seen it 3-4 times, and every time I appreciate it even more. The settings are beautiful, the city at dusk has beautiful light effects, the marsh long shoots, and the house itself is sufficiently grown with moss. The main hero is so comfortable and well natural that he easily sympathizes with. To the person who complained that there was not enough 'spark' in this movie, I would say that this is because the whole fight against the ghost is being led by this particular person. It is a rather slow paced movie, with an unusual amount of time used before and after ghost attacks to develop its character with family and working life. SPOILER'S DISCUSSION / <br /> <br /> I especially liked the turning point when he comes back to the main city and meets with the man who helps him and explains about the ghost. He describes the woman in black, and then he says at the end of the conversation that he is going back, for after all, what damage had she done to him? The other man says, "You can't go back ... alone!" and make the hero his dog. The cute little dog offers a small respite with cartoon help, with it delimiting through the house and even into the locked room. <br /> <br /> The many relaxed looks of the ghost really rage me. The woman appears in the middle of the shot in the church and shows that it is not afraid of the church, nor is it shy or bound to the house. This is at the very beginning. Another incredibly memorable scene was with the kids outside the church fence and looked at the funeral. When the camera pans to the right, the woman is seen in the background among the tombstones. The older man won't even look at it, but the kids shout and scare it. Crreeepy ... Usually, ghosts are hidden in shadows, in search of specific sites or people. As has been mentioned, the evil and anger of the ghost is tedious and I feel it is an attack, and the end was perfect and fully justified. The end emphasized the fact that the hero made a big mistake by going back to the house. Or maybe he was the brand whatever by saving the gypsy girl. The guy who plays the hotel manager is so trustworthy and really fills the role well. I have spread the word to my friends about how much I enjoyed this movie and it is soothing to see others feel the same. I can see how people do not quite see the same masterpiece, especially if they entered it with a lot of review hype. I think another person summed it up when they said that this movie decided the question of whether or not Ghosts could hurt man physically. Whew .. I'm planning to see it again tonight followed by The Changeling, aaww yes. Other movies to recommend? <br /> <br /> Thanks,
