It is not known whether Marilyn Monroe has ever met and talked to Albert Einstein (and since her diary's mysterious disappearance after her straight mysterious death, we can never know it), but in their life was the opportunity there. <br /> <br /> Scripted by Terry Johnson from his own game, Nicolas Roeg's Insignificance represents a meeting in a New York hotel room one night in 1953 between the two icons plus Joe DiMaggio (Busey) and Senator Joseph McCarthy (Curtis) - but only on one level. On another level, it raises - or reduces - these "personalities" (and what a miserable phrase there is) to mere avatars (the characters are deliberately named), immediately larger and smaller in status. <br /> <br /> The title Insignificance is both apposite and deeply ironic; here, DiMaggio's net value has been reduced to slightly more than a picture on a bubblegum card. Monroe is also reduced to her constituents of dress, hair, lipstick, wiggle and voice. By uncovering their insecurity and reversing their roles, the film brings in sharp focus received celebrity events that explode the cult of personality. <br /> <br /> In addition to the theme, there will be another explosion in the movie's climax: Hiroshima in a hotel suite where the "actress" is burned to a cinder in seconds; a literal deconstruction of fame. Goodbye, Norma Jean. The story informs the script, which in turn shakes the story upside down. As Roeg mused after seeing Johnson's games for the first time, "These characters were mythical, not invented by any single person, not the public or the press, probably not even by the characters themselves." As played by Theresa Russell, Marilyn (a cabinet that is intellectually in real life) lectures a childish Einstein ('The Professor', played by Emil) on the theory of relativity using balloons and flashlight while displaying his legs. In a deliberate parody of his own role in The Seven Year Itch, the film The Actor is seen working in the film's opening. History counts that Monroe's then, fading baseball star DiMaggio (played by Busey as a tender psychotic simpleton) was unhappy with her iconic dress-splaying scene in the movie, precipitating their break-up. Right on the queue, we discover the jealous Ballplayer in a bar and regret that if "I want to see her underwear, I go right down to the corner like any other guy". <br /> <br /> Unlike the professor, The Ballplayer universe thinks around - a claim shared by Indians. But the big boss (Sampson, One Flew Over The Cuckoo's Nest Fame), who runs the Roosevelt Hotel's elevator, has been anything but disenfranchised from his own culture: "I no longer run the Cherokee - I watch TV." Meanwhile, the "senator" is examining the professor who is about to deliver a pacifist speech to the United Nations, but who Senator suspicion is a red. In fact, as he informs Monroe, Einstein is ravaged by guilt over Hiroshima and what the white warm future holds. Yet in a seemingly godless universe, all such concerns and aspirations become insignificant in the light of a higher (atomic) power. <br /> <br /> Roeg is really the perfect instructor to bring Johnson's stage play to the screen. Reviewing Tortured Childhood Flashbacks and Pessimistic Flash Forward Corrections (ka-boom!) Draws unexpected connections between time, place and circumstance with the repeated visual motif of a wristwatch used to mark the passing of time - but perhaps also to suggest that the whole time is once; every moment lasting. As it appears from his back-catalog, it is something of a hobbyhorse for a director who is enchanted by the concept of synchronicity - see Do not look specifically now. Here, 1920s in 1945 bleed and drip in the 1980s, a period when another 'actor' has taken its greatest role as the US president. <br /> <br /> If all this sounds rather heavy (quantum physics is certainly involved), performance is anything but because of Johnson's witty, zippy manuscript, Roeg's legendary direction, and opens up an essentially stage setup - and they threw themselves, which are on the starry sky. Tony Curtis, in particular, leaves prosthetic marks in the wood panel as the paranoid, impotent senator, seen as trying to congress with a Monroe impersonator (a genuine, unlike Russell's), before being let down by his dwindling member. Of course, Curtis was once involved with the real Marilyn Monroe in Some Like It Hot, and whose embrace he memorably described as "kissing Hitler". As Roeg commented, "Everything seemed suddenly connected ... when the movie began to take shape, even the actors themselves seemed part of this endless interconnection." It all goes into the pot, boils down and is served in new and fascinating ways.
