New York, 1953. A warm night, four famous iconic characters come together. The professor (Albert Einstein) has come to NY to give a speech he has, the senator (Joesph MacCarthy) on his back. Later that night he gets a surprising visitor; a famous actress (Marilyn Monroe). Who actually wants to discuss the theories of relativity. Soon her ball player (Joe DiMaggio) turns up in the hotel room and begging to work things out for their crumbling relationship. Bleaching of childhood, important events, perceived consequences of their actions admits how these people cope with despair and a hidden fear waiting to break out. <br /> <br /> Now it's unique! Adapted by a scene play by Terry Johnson (who would also scribe the screenplay for the movie), "Insignificance" is a strange, quirky, seductive and even curious fictional pop culture gimmick in director Nicolas Roeg's hands. This inspired and cerebral experimental effort can be rooted in its scene-play origin because it feels like theater, and most of the action takes place in a hotel background and a main suite. The cramp look only improved the moody and smoky atmosphere in New York to great effect. But these constraints cannot contain the fertile and bold ideas that Roeg manages to randomly outweigh visually and through the meaningful material. The way he reflects on the characters (which are suggestively famous characters without the need for naming them), philosophical journeys and interpretations of their notions stimulate in the spiritual sense, with the memories of the present and visions that show their fears of accomplishments, which, depending on what you see, is either beautifully or improperly implemented. There is plenty of food for thoughts and hints within the verbosely innovative (if sometimes awkward) script with the main focus on the current situation, but flashbacks give us the personal make-up (sex, power, enlightenment and glory) of what makes them who they are and how much of a burden it may be that already requires life. Certainly, history cannot lead to something at the end, and it can feel uneven, but the dreamy mood and intelligent arrangement stretches out these folds and ensures that it never gets dizzy. Peter Hannan's sensually floating photograph and Stanley Myers' titillatingly oozing blues soundtrack fit into Roeg's stylistically poor and established form of government. He makes it seem like he is working with something big and big, but otherwise it is not the case, and a small little universe is created. The vintage costumes and placements of the period all come in handy. What made the movie for me was to be the impressive play it boasted from the main four. Theresa Russell's perky, drop dead beautiful appeal from the sexy pin-up actress is a growing depiction that certainly held the film together with a truly outstanding and endearing performance by Michael Emil as a professor. Tony Curtis plays wonderfully as the witch hunter's senator and Gary Busey is suitably good at stoic gravel as a ballplayer. Appears in smaller but entertaining support roles happen to be Will Sampson and Patrick Kilpatrick. <br /> <br /> A memorably striking, fresh and tour de force meditation piece of metaphysics associated with four different extremes. Some may find it pretentious to pursue and talky, but this one had wrapped me in his own little unique world to worry too much about his shortcomings.
