My name is JULIA ROSS is a fascinating 1945 B thriller from Joseph H. Lewis, undoubtedly one of the very best instructors of Hollywood noir movies. This 65-minute Gothic oddity from Columbia Pictures came after Lewis's long-term apprenticeship as a helmet of a series of poverty traits westerns, East Side Kids comedies, horror melodramas (including the incredibly bizarre Bela Lugosi shocker THE INVISIBLE GHOST) and standard studio B product (SECRET OF ONE CO-ED, BOMB OVER BURMA, FALCON IN SAN FRANCISCO, etc.) --- which all set the scene pretty well for what was to come from the hugely talented and inventive Mr. Lewis. My name is JULIA ROSS (as well as the dark night of the following year) introduced a director who had mastered the rare and delicate art that tells a dark and exploratory story quickly and efficiently on the most modest budgets. Later Lewis productions such as GUN CRAZY (1949) and THE BIG COMBO (1955) despite the extended scope of their narrative structure continued to rely on theft, lucid camera work and effective key lighting. And very modest resources. <br /> <br /> My name is JULIA ROSS owes more to the tradition of British mysteries (it is set in a studio-bound England) than it does with conventional film-noir attitudes and depictions. A young woman (Nina Foch) advocates taking a position in the home of an elderly woman (Dame Mae Witty). Two days after her arrival, she awakens from a deep sleep in a strange house and, mysteriously, with a completely new identity - that of the old in-laws mother-in-law. Told that she has been the victim of a nervous breakdown, she struggles to understand the incredible and seemingly hopeless nature of her difficulties. But before long, she begins to blend the weird and disturbing truth behind this dark mystery that her "husband" (the ever-threatening George Macready) probably murdered his real wife and that she has become stupid to participate in a horrible and eerie scheme . Much of what distinguishes from this otherwise modest story is the indelible touches Lewis brings to production, marking it as the first of his truly serious efforts as a film director.
