I have always been a great admirer of Nicolas Roeg and "Walkabout" is one of my favorite films. This is a movie version of Roeg's stage game, and while most of the movie takes place in a hotel room, it still has some of Roeg's cinematic glare. Very unique story is about a famous actress (Theresa Russell), who after a hard night working on a film in 1954, goes to a hotel to visit a famous professor (Michael Emil) and together in his hotel room they speak. After a while she will go to bed with him, but when they start to undress, she goes to the door. Her husband is a famous ex-baseball player (Gary Busey) and he wants to know what's going on. The three of them in the hotel room talk about what is happening and what the future holds for them. Meanwhile, a famous senator (Tony Curtis) threatens to remove the professors' papers if he does not testify during a hearing. Theresa Russell is just excellent, and although she does not attempt to sense Marilyn Monroe, she does a wonderful job of radiating phobia and nuances, as Monroe is very well known for. One thing the movie does is to show her as not only a woman on the brink of a mental breakdown, but also show her as a physical wreck. She talks about being unable to have children and at some point in the film she suffers from an abortion. You can make an excellent case, this is Russell's best performance, and I would probably not argue. The film makes an interesting thing in showing many flashbacks, as the characters continue to talk about one thing and in the flashback we see one of many reasons for their actions. Busey also gives a good solid performance, and it reminds me of what a strong persona delivers on the screen. Emil as a professor is a character who has many more things in his mind when we originally thought. The last scene in this movie is a demonstration of his darker side! One of the highlights of the movie for me is the little conversation he has with the student's husband (Will Sampson of "Gøgens Nest") and they discuss what Cherokee Indians are thinking about all the time. But of course, the famous scene in this movie where Russell demonstrates to Emil is how she understands the theory of relativity and uses toys to show this. The professor is happy with his demonstration, and we are too! Russell and Roeg are married in real life, and they do admirable work when in collaboration, and that's probably their best movie together. Good performances and a very interesting guide make this a challenging and visually thought-provoking film.
