I originally saw this movie as a boy in the old Rialto theater as part of a triple afternoon matinée triple bill, which also included Vincent Price's "Last Man on Earth" and Mario Bava's "Nightmare Castle". I had nightmares about blood sucking ghosts for a week afterwards! Although I didn't know, all three movies would turn out to be classics of the genre. No wonder I was so scared! Although all three films scared me, it was Blood Castle that had the most profound influence. <br /> <br /> It was the first on the bill. I didn't even get to see it from the beginning when we were late to get to the cinema and missed the first 20 minutes of the movie. It's a lot to miss, as the edited print only ran for about 79 minutes (the unedited runs 87minutes). But in spite of this, the dark frightening atmosphere (complete with ruined castles, foggy cemeteries, shadows and cobwebs), gothic set design, strong plays and excitement (especially the last 20 minutes) frightened me and made a lasting impression it took me years to finally get a copy of the movie for my collection. When it was a French-Italian import, it was not a movie that appeared on the late Winnipeg show. I couldn't quite remember the title (remember, I couldn't see the start of the movie and was scared of fuzzy), and to make matters worse, the movie was released under literally a dozen different movie titles (aka Danze Macabre, Terrorist War, Terror Castle, Long Night of Terror, etc ... and the US / UK working title "Castle of Blood" was very generic, like many other "b" horror and thrillers that make it unreal. But thanks to the internet and endurance, I finally found it! What a treat to finally watch the movie in its entirety after so many years! It may not have had the sheer emotional impact it did when I was a boy, but as a haunted movie it goes well and compares favorably with similar iconic films in the period like "The Haunting", "The Innocents" or "Black Sunday ". The film is a fine early action by Italian director Antonio Margheriti. It is the star's 60-star scream queen icon Barbara Steele and has a well-written play by Sergio Corbucci about a skeptical writer (Georges Riviere) who already spends the night in the haunted house and undoubtedly becomes part of an annual ongoing ghost story. The hypnotic steele is well cast as the ghostly love interest - like Arturo Dominici as Dr. Carmus and Margarete Robsahm as Julia. Many of the many tricks Margheriti deals with creating the movie's eerie atmosphere (cobwebs, crushing doors, fog, etc.) are bound to act cliches to a modern audience, but they work much more effectively in black and white than they ever could modern color. Instead of using body counts and special effects, the movie scares the old-fashioned way, based on a good story, stylish direction, fine-tuned production, interesting camera work and highly-performing performances. Margheriti does a wonderful job with these elements and builds the excitement of the movie as the frightening paranormal secret of the house, gradually revealing to the ignorant author. <br /> <br /> The movie is not without errors. The pace draws at the beginning of the movie (ironically, the 20 minutes I originally missed). This is likely exacerbated by Synaps film's efforts to restore the movie to its original length. Although fans are likely to appreciate the chance to see the movie restored - in terms of intro - it may have been more obstructive than help. The English voice dubs are only acceptable, and in the restored scenes, the language changes from English to French (English subtitles), which will surely be annoying to some viewers. But Synapse Films deserves kudos for the quality of the print. It was clear that some efforts were put into the restoration and deserved it. <br /> <br /> I enjoyed the movie immensely and recommend it to the aficionados of 60's Italian Gothic movie or anyone who enjoys a good ghost story. <br /> <br /> Rob Rheubottom Winnipeg, MB Canada
