Italy produced a lot of really good and original horror movies in the 1960s - and that is definitely one of them! The first thing you will notice about Danse Macabre is the movie's style. Shot in beautiful black and white, and because of director Antonio Margheriti's use of lighting; the movie looks almost like it could be a German expressionist horror movie. This, coupled with the horrific plot line, ensures that Danse Macabre is a movie that really captures the essence of horror. Of course, the fact that the beautiful Barbara Steele pops up in the film is not to the detriment - and the good news continues as in this movie she gets to bend her acting muscles more than in the movies that made her famous. The plot is very attentive to the time when this was released, and then incorporates the great Edgar Allen Poe. We follow Alan Foster, a writer who accepts a bet from Poe himself and Lord Blackwood that he cannot spend a whole night in the latter's scary old castle. Everyone who has stayed there earlier has died ... and our hero is about to meet with the previous efforts! <br /> <br /> Today, horror movies do not tend to focus so much on each shot and the result is that there is not much beauty left in the genre. It is therefore refreshing to watch this movie. Many of the shots here are incredibly beautiful - from the female side of the pair, just wearing a transparent skirt to my personal favorite - a shot of smoke creeping under a door. This is my first Antonio Margheriti movie, and even after seeing this one, it is obvious that he was one of Italy's leading directors. Also interesting is that the manuscript was written by one of the Italian greats; Django creator Sergio Corbucci. The plot can sometimes swing a little too much, but there is always enough atmosphere present to ensure that the film never gets boring - and the fact that it is always exciting, even when the plot goes slower, ensures the same. The way Danse Macabre utilizes the "haunted house" theme is both well done and original, and helps keep the story as creepy as possible. Overall, fans of Italian and / or cult cinema will not miss this little gem!
