If you are a fan of Gothic horror, then you are absolutely guaranteed to love this wonderful Italian 60 movie "Castle of Blood". We are really talking about scary creaking doors, creepy portraits that seem to be moving, spontaneously dying lights, even though there is no wind and smoke coming from under heavy wooden chamber doors. Speaking of atmosphere and style, this masterful piece of Gothic film making is one of the best out there; only a small league under landmarks such as "Black Sunday", "The Three Faces of Fear" and "Curry of the Crying Woman". The distinguished directors duo Sergio Corbucci ("The Great Silence", "Django") and Antonio Margheriti ("Cannibal Apocalypse", "Killer Fish") are successful in all fields, including a powerful plot (which really creates nightmares) ultra-scenic scenes and movie locations, stylish black and white photography, backbone music and a brilliant collection of talented artists. Barbara Steele, starred by the aforementioned "Black Sunday" and Italian gothmuse number one, shines brightly again as a spiritually troubled character and she is literally surrounded by good fellow players. One of them, Silvano Tranquilli, even gives away a legitimate image of author Edgar Allan Poe. The story involves him and another wealthy visitor to a rural inn that challenges a brutal young journalist to accept a morbid effort. If he ?? Alan Foster ?? would survive spending a night in the infamous Blackwood Castle, receiving the amazing $ 10 reward and a newspaper interview with Poe. Needless to say, the trial is far more dangerous than it sounds, even to someone like Alan Foster, who is a firm non-believer in ghosts and vampires. The night begins great for him when he even meets the wonderfully beautiful woman in his dreams, but gradually he learns that Blackwood Castle is a sacred place where the ghosts of the former deceased visitors are trapped forever. I don't know about you, but it is seriously one of my favorite horror movie rooms all the time. Co-director Antonio Margheriti was obviously also proud of this movie, for he even reminded it a few years later as "Web of the Spider". The film had a handful of tromps, such as casting of not less than Klaus Kinski in the role of Edgar Allan Poe, but generally this original is much better. "Blood Castle" literally jumps with the atmosphere and maintains a thoroughly disturbing atmosphere throughout. This is really one of the rare movies that can make your hair on your arms and back of the neck rise with fear if you see it under the right circumstances. See it late at night, preferably alone and in a candlestick, and you get an idea of ​​the true definition of horror.
