Antonio Margheriti's "Danza Macabra" aka. "Castle of Blood" from 1964 is a beautiful and incredibly exciting masterpiece of Italian gothic horror, and after Mario Bava's "La Maschera Del Demonio" (aka "Black Sunday") from 1960 and Roger Corman's "Pit and the Pendulum" from 1961 (starring the great Vincent Price) another must-have earned the wonderful Barbara Steele her more than deserved fame as the main female horror icon in the motion pictures. But not only is the beautiful and brilliant Barbara Steele one of my favorite actresses all the time, the manuscript of "Danza Macabra" was written by no less than the cinematic genius Sergio Corbucci, who directed such brilliant Spaghetti Western milestones as "Django" (1966) and "The Great Silence" (1968). Italy's number 2 in the field (just after Mario Bava), director Antonio Margheriti is one of the all-time masters of Gothic horror, and "Blood Castle" is undoubtedly his greatest achievement. Hardly any other movie seems so great in creating an incredibly gorgeous but beautiful atmosphere as is the case with this eerie masterpiece. <br /> <br /> When he meets the famous author of brilliant macabre stories, Edgar Allen Poe, in a gloomy London taverna, young journalist Alan Foster (Georges Rivière) accepts a bid from a nobleman that he cannot use one night in his haunted castle in the night for all soul night. As soon as Foster enters the eerie castle, mysterious things begin to happen. After a while, however, he encounters an enchanting resident of the castle, the astonishingly beautiful Elisabeth Blackwood (Barbara Steele). The mysterious events so far, however, have only been the vanities of the horrors that the castle carries, but ... The eerie castle setting alone would suffice to create a gloomy mood, the excellent black and white filmography and a fantastic score of Riz Ortolani create a incredibly joking atmosphere that is scary beyond comparison. The wonderful Barbara Steele is amazing as always, I simply can't find enough words to praise this wonderful actress. No other actress has ever been able to unite brilliant beauty with the creepy, as is the case with Steele, and no actress ever wants. In addition to Steele, the film's cast contains another fantastic beauty, Margarete Robsahm, and she also delivers a fantastic performance. George Rivière's performance as Alan Foster is amazing, and the rest of the performances are also very good. "Castle of Blood" is excellent in many departments: Barbara Steele Delivering one of her best performances, movies and venues is beautifully haunting without comparison, the atmosphere is incredibly scary ... The movie is simply a perfect whole atmosphere, Gothic beauty and terror art. In short: "Blood Castle" is one of the most atmospheric and greatest gothic horror movies ever made and must not miss anyone interested in the genre! 10.10
