When I saw that this movie was only 80 minutes long, I thought we were in trouble. Condensation of the gigantic W. Somerset Maugham novel down to a movie that runs into less than an hour and a half seems like a disaster waiting to happen. But you know the movie is not half bad and it even manages to keep much of what makes the book resonate so much with its readers. <br /> <br /> I've heard many movie buffs complain that Leslie Howard was a wet noodle of an actor and he was, but I can't think of anyone more suited to playing the role of Philip Carey than a wet noodle, because it is definitely what Carey is. Howard plays him well, which means you will shake him and slam him up his head repeatedly and then finally take him out and buy him a spine. <br /> <br /> Ah, then there is Bette as the girl with whom Carey is obsessed and who brings his world down near him. I didn't know what Mildred's appeal was in the book, and the film remains true to the detail. But as played by Davis, she becomes the most fascinating character in history, and if she is nasty and unlikely, she is at least the most dynamic person on the screen. Davis's performance here is credited with changing the screen as Brando would do nearly 20 years later when he screamed out "Stella !!" In the little known Tennesee, Williams plays and it's not hard to see why. Davis is keen to be scary. She makes no effort to twist any sympathy from the audience, and she allows herself to look ugly and secret. Her appearance when Carey enters her late in the movie to find her dead or almost dead of a named disease (though not much care has been taken to hide the fact that it is an STD) is shocking. Of course, it helps that this movie came out just before the production code came into force. If it had been done a year later, you can bet that things would have been a little different. Yes, much of the novel, and many of its most interesting parts, are left on the rocky floor and the story really becomes about Carey and Mildred and not much else. I found it to be the least interesting and boring part of Maugham's novel, but it is the part that gives the novel its title and seems to be the part that readers are still drawn to, so it hits me as a wise decision on the part of the filmmakers that they chose to adapt the novel as they did. <br /> <br /> Degree: B +
