Today, actors shift joy, coloration of their hair, clothes that blur and lose their glamor for a role, and Bette Davis was probably the actress who started the trend. Even as a beautiful young woman who occasionally needed designer clothes and Constance Bennett-type makeup in films, Davis was willing to ravage himself to create a sign on the outside as well as inside. <br /> <br /> Her determination is strongly demonstrated here in her breakout movie, "Of Human Bondage," where she originated with Leslie Howard as Philip Carey. Davis plays Mildred, a blurry, manipulative, greedy low life to Howard's masochistic, club-fed Philip. He meets her only when she is a waitress, and she gives him the opportunity to take her out to dinner and theater while fearing a wealthy elderly man (Alan Hale Sr.). Mildred is in fact rejected by Philips foot. From his side, Philip seems to enjoy the abuse of his open flirt and her cooling against him. He gives Mildred the opportunity to soften him dry financially between lovers who release her when they get tired of her while blowing a couple of really lovely women (Kay Johnson and Frances Dee). When he gets the rubber to throw her out, Mildred throws his apartment and robs him and forces him to withdraw from the medical education and lose his lodging. <br /> <br /> "Of Human Bondage" looks a bit silent today in parts. Although Leslie Howard was a wonderful actor and attractive, his acting has a more formal school, and as a result, he tends to dance what he is. He shines in material as his role opposite Davis in "It's Love I'm After" or "The Petrified Forest" that requires his kind of technique. His dated play is even more obvious here because Davis threw new grounds with a greedy, sharp performance that would really make her name. If she sometimes appears over the top, she came off the stage, and the subtleties of movie acting would come later to her. Contrast this achievement with Henriette's retention, warmth and gentleness in "All this and the heaven for" or the pathos she brought to "Dark Victory". She was a true actress and a true artist. Davis really allows himself to look like the holy hell; Mildred's aggravation is completely pathetic, as Philip seems to gain strength as her spirit fades. <br /> <br /> An excellent movie where you can see the emergence of one of the movie's greatest stars.
