Bette Davis' electrifying performance is such that it's hard to remember the other female players. They were so perfect in their parts that Davis was in her - they just didn't have that much to do. Some of the reviewers felt that the book was so much better - it was just to give the movie the reason that condensing a 600-page book down to 83 minutes is nothing wrong. The first part of the book didn't even make it on the screen - it told about Phillip's childhood and then moved to Germany and Paris, where Phillip had gone to try to make it good as an artist. It also chronicles its first romance - with Fanny Price, killing herself when she realizes Phillip, cannot return to her feelings of love. It's a wonderful book, but rambling, and I think anyone who doesn't think too much about the movie should read the book and realize how good the movie is. After realizing that he will only be a mediocre painter, Phillip Carey (Leslie Howard) comes back to England in the hope of taking medicine. When he is out at a tearoom, he meets a hungry waitress, Mildred (Bette Davis). Although she has no interest in him and basically treats him as dirt, Phillip is possessed. It is so hard to see his efforts in trying to find any kind of convenience in this evil shed. In one scene, she promises to meet him in another class room railroad when they almost miss each other, she enriches him with "why should I wait in another classroom when there is a first class one available". You just want to shake him. The only time she's comfortable with him is when she tells him to marry another man, a coarse salesman, Emile Miller (Alan Hale). With Mildred out of the picture, he meets Nora (Kay Johnson) a lovely woman who writes romantic novels under a male pseudonym. She jokes about the popularity that the books enjoy among servants (in the novel he had seen Mildred reading them.) Nora gives Phillip all the love and confidence he needs, but he is unable to return to his love. When Mildred returns (Miller did not marry her and she has a baby), of course, he takes care of her and helps her with the child (in the film it is treated as an object - always called "baby", never given a name or sex) - she repays him by running off with her best friend. At the hospital, he meets Sally Athelny (Frances Dee) who visits his sick father. He starts visiting his home and for the first time in his life the family gets a feel. So surprise you! surprise! Mildred returns as a bad crown and surprise! Philip takes her in. But he has changed and feels only disgust when trying to show gratitude the only way she knows how. Then one of the most vicious, oral battles on movies with phrases like "you cad, you dirty pigs," follow, "I just kissed you because you asked me" and "when you went, I wiped my mouth, I whispered my mouth" !!! In the book many Mildred's phrases like "you are a gentleman in every sense of the word", "I don't mind", and "Mr. High and Mighty" were connected to prostitutes and when Phillip meets her for the first time he gets hit of the. <br /> <br /> At the end of the movie, Phillip (who is really free of Mildred in the only possible way) is now free to love Sally. Again, Sally Phillip tells her she thinks she has a baby, but it makes him more confident about his love. It ended up as Mildred's "illness" couldn't be in the movie - even a pre-code one. <br /> <br /> Kay Johnson was always encouraged to play sensible, credible women - as she played to perfection as she was of course herself. Her Nora was the woman Philip should have stayed with. Frances Dee was one of the most beautiful of display genres. She was, of course, ready for stardom with some roles that turned out to be not just a beautiful face ("The Silver Cord" and "Blood Money"), but when she married Joel McCrea, her career began. Her Sally didn't shoot her talent to the borders. Apparently, Leslie Howard was not very helpful to Bette Davis on the set - he was annoyed that an English actress didn't get part. He used to throw her lines "while reading a book from the camera". He began to be interested when a newspaper reported "the baby runs away with the picture"! <br /> <br /> Highly recommended.
