The story is a bit stuttered, what about the protagonist's sudden conversions of fortune, but Leslie Howard and Bette Davy's portrayals of Philip Carey, the naive obsessed lover and Mildred Rogers, the unworthy subject of his feelings, raise this movie significantly above the standard melodrama. <br /> <br /> Sensitive, cultivated Philip, who for the most part is in bondage to first his horror and then his compassion for Mildred, is not unlike a character that Howard should play a few years later - Ashley Wilkes , the southern gentleman is refined and decent to do so in the hard reconstruction era. In fact, Philip seems to come back to disappointment even before Mildred enters the picture? He doesn't even seem surprised when his art teacher tells him he'll never do it as a painter. It may be this inaction, they lowered expectations that make him sit in the selfish Cockney waitress as long as he does. <br /> <br /> Although Leslie Howard is memorable, today "Human Bondage" is today thought of as a Bette Davis image, perhaps because of the well-known story of how to fight with Jack Warner for to partake of Mildred, and perhaps also because the film head tends to prefer characters with its kind of brash energy. Mildred can have a shaking voice, but she also has the essential beauty of a glass of colored glass, which makes it a little understandable why Philip lets himself stretch as long as he did. Although man who eats Mildred sometimes seems one-dimensional, she encourages sympathy in the viewer from time to time, as when she gets sick and later realizes that Philip is the only decent man who has ever provided her. You might also think she's on something when she blames Philip for looking down at her for not being "fine" enough. (The scene where Philip and Norah reject romantic magazines as garbage bins for kitchen girls seems to confirm this). Most of the supporting characters are also effective, especially Norah, the sensible romantic writer who loves Philip, but knows she can never compete with Mildred and Sally, who have Mildred's beauty and Norah's decency and appear as the deserving woman Philip is rewarded with in last end. The only sign I found hollow was Sally's eccentric, ale-slipping, aristocratic father, acting like a character from a previous era. <br /> <br /> A classic that deserves its reputation.
