Reading websites at Bette Davis one can find instances where writers claim that there is nothing special about her plays. I even found a site that claimed that Bette Davis's success was probably due to her luck. But Mrs. Davis film from 1934 tells the opposite. The most obvious example is two films that she only had a few weeks apart: Fog over Frisco and On Human Bondage. Characters she played in these movies, although both are negative, are quite different. Arlene in the first is a beautiful, glamorous and capricious heir and much more likeable than Mildred in the latter, who is a pale, uneducated and impatient Cockney waitress. Needless to say, Mrs Davis played both characters very authentically and with the same enthusiasm. But even that is not all. The point of the point is that the former role that would be desired by most actresses today was the one she was forced to play. The last role that seemed to be most actresses as an unwanted career destructive role was the one she fought too violently for months. And it was the last role that launched her among the greatest stars. So there is no doubt that Mrs Davis knew what she was doing from the start. <br /> <br /> The film that tells a doctor, Phillip Carey (Leslie Howard), who unhappy in love with Cockney's waitress Mildred Rogers (Bette Davis), has few weeks of points, but many more strong. The story is simply too big to be told in just 83 minutes. For example, it is quite unclear why refined students found any interest in an eerie waitress in the first place. Well, there is a scene where we are exposed to Mrs Davis' captivating eyes, but that is when his feelings are already fully developed. Nonetheless, the integrity of history is preserved with superior action by Howard and Davis as well as stunning Steiner music that tells tons of emotions even when we don't see the characters' faces. In fact, the film is merged with Phillips' wandering sequences, which show him from the back supplemented with shaking two-tone repetition. Every detail is well thought out - Max Steiner wrote a beautiful search motif for every woman in Phillip's life, which is consistently used throughout the film. And a beautiful scene where we see Sally's face in front of the calendar is one of the sweetest scenes I have ever seen just because of Francis Dee's magnificent beauty (Mrs Dee, incidentally, was considered too beautiful to play leading role in Gone with a wind) and Steiner's captivating music. Camera movements between some scenes are also original and refreshing. <br /> <br /> But my strongest objection is that events are presented in two-dimensional fashion, evoking the viewer that Mildred is an ultimate veil. The most obnoxious characters should be men who lure her into the relationship, despite knowing they will give up after using her, but they are curiously finished portrayed as sympathetic characters. Mildred always has - on her own specific but still honest way - let Phillip know that she despises him and does not interest him. As he refuses to hear. It is Phillips masochistic nature associated with his football and infantile experiences that are the main cause of his love problem. He is enslaved to his foot as much as to Mildred and may be free for both to start a normal life. Of course, selfish and impatient Mildred, after discovering Phillips' voluntary ties to her, made her own share of making his life hell. Even taking into account that she exploded after realizing that slavery has loosened, it is less than clear why she would burn Phillips money (Maugham was different in her novel). For the most part, she could also steal it and drink liters of champagne. <br /> <br /> For modern standards, the movie is a bit outdated, but every time you see it, you can reveal new interesting details due to superior acting, fascinating music and original editing, so it deserves the highest possible brand.
