This 1934 adaptation of Somerset Maugham's novel put Bette Davis on the map as a movie actress. She may have won an Oscar for her performance, but the films were made so her studio didn't shoot at her. Her performance in this has not come well out of today's standards. When the heartless waitress who teases Philip, a sensitive doctor, almost and almost destroys his life, Davis is far too sharp, almost demonic. Director John Cromwell, who usually produces good performances from his actresses, might be overwhelmed by this. Davis is sure, but as excited and rude as to seem hardly human. I imagine Millie's character as quieter, less feminine than Davis, with perhaps a touch of tomboy. Davis is such a strong and immediate presence that there is no mystery to her, making Philips the attraction to her more overtly masochistic than it should be. Like Philip, Leslie Howard is excellent. His wan, something withered good looks is perfect for this failed aesthetics. He also does not impose a personal interpretation from the side that Dirk Bogarde might have done, giving his work a rare clarity. He seems completely in control here, as he should be, playing a man with a rational intellect, grasping irrational emotions, he cannot cope or even fully satisfy, as the subject of his emotions moves him in ways he cannot understand. Howard was a fine actor, for often he threw in standard romantic parts that forced him to fall back on charm he didn't use here. <br /> <br /> It has been so long since I read the book I Don't feel comfortable commenting on the film's faithfulness to it. I think it is good enough for the spirit of history and that in Howard is a perfect Philip Carey. The sexual undercurrents are subdued, and at times Philip seems so masochistic that in the absence of strong sex feelings one gets to wonder about the beauty of the character, certainly not the intention of Mr Maugham. Thanks to Howard's performance, Philip remains firmly focused as one can see in his various responses and longings for Millie the extremes that a reasonable intellect will go to understand the irrational in himself and in others. <br /> <br /> Overall, a very good movie, a bit stilted due to its age, evokes London really well and mostly acts well.
