I'm going to like Leslie Howard in his better movie. But for some reason, his performance in OF HUMAN BONDAGE has never moved me enormously. I first watched the film on my university campus in 1972, and the reviewer in the college newspaper commented that Howard played the roles in the 1930s and 1940s, which were allegedly later recorded by Dirk Bogard as the man who was born to be betrayed. This is usually not the case (at hand I think of Ashley Wilkes as a man who can be betrayed if he and Scarlett O'Hara were to be a commodity by Margaret Mitchell - but Ashley loved Melonie, not Scarlett). Howard could play any form and a role like RJ Mitchell or Professor Henry Higgins is not one that traitor. * <br /> (* One can do the case that Philip Armstrong Scott is betrayed by the two strangers he shows hospitality in 49th PARALLEL, but they are Nazis who consider him - a liberal, western, Canadian - fair game doubling in wartime, not the same as emotional betrayal, and Howard does not step up as a result, but faces the Nazis and catches one after beating him.) <br /> <br /> I think what the reviewer thought was that Howard could be soulful - or try to be soulful. Witnesses his poet - dreams - hikers in the PETRIFIED FORREST. But that character was not betrayed, except in the story perhaps (which he feels his type is as obsolete as the gangster played by Humphrey Bogart). The character of Philip Carey in Somerset Maugham's HUMAN BONDAGE is also soulful. He is sensitive for several reasons. He has an interest in art and tries to become a painter - but unlike the artist Strickland in the MOON AND SIXPENCE he has no real talent. So he decides to concentrate on medical examinations accentuated by a football fitness he has. Here he is a man of low self-esteem created to be betrayed. <br /> <br /> Philip finds it fraud in the form of Mildred a Cockney waitress (Bette Davis) who is a mercenary and as selfish as they come. Why Philip falls for her is not really addressed in the movie, but he finds the woman fascinating. And she finds him an easy meal ticket. Ironically, Philip has failed to notice two other women who are interested in him (Kay Johnson and Frances Dee) and are more likely to be his friend. He also relies on forgiving Davis when dealing with other men (Alan Hale and Reginald Denny - the latter a friend of Howard's). <br /> <br /> Although Howard's performance captures Philip's doorstep against Mildred, he doesn't really show enough passion (until late in the movie when he turns on her). Therefore, I find that I have never taken care of his performance here - it lacks any reality. His later tortured insistence on time with the WIN that he loves Olivia De Haviland, not Vivian Leigh, has more conformity with a man in love. But the performance of Davis as Mildred makes the movie important. She had a large selection of parts until 1934, as the deaf pianist's boyfriend in MANEN, who played GOD or the spoiled heirs who are murdered in FOG OVER FRISCO or the mouse-like secretary of THREE ON A MATCH. As Mildred, she finally showed that she could be a great actress playing a selfish bitch. <br /> <br /> Pleasantly, her performance was not a single note. While using and abusing Howard to two-thirds of the film culminating in the famous scene showing how wildly his kissing of her made her, her last scenes show that she could also fall apart because of her health deterioration and her inability to keep honest jobs. When Howard rejects her, viewers do not see how vicious he becomes (he asks what happened to his baby - she tells him the child died, and Howard brutally says he is happy, which is hardly the answer. she expects). Eventually Howard finally gets his life in order, but Mildred ends an accident (ironically her death discovered by her old boyfriend Denny on a medical call). The Motion Picture Academy of Arts and Sciences failed to nominate Davis in 1934 (leading to the largest writing campaign in its history and a permanent change in its rules), but Davis was established as a star. For a year, she won Oscar as Joyce Heth in FARE. And in two years she collaborated with Howard again (as equal stars) in THE PETRIFIED FORREST.
