Bette Davis' cockney accent in this movie is absolutely horrible. Clearly, I understand that Americans and other nationalities may not be aware of this, and that is fine; but believe me, it's about half as good as Dick Van Dykes' cockney accent in Mary Poppins, and it was a real load of old pony (slipped into the London population - many excuses). The remarkable thing for me is that the strange accents and exaggerated recording styles do not detract from the power of the movie. Human Bondage is a fascinating piece of cinema despite superficial errors. It must also be seen in perspective. The technical and cultural limitations of filmmaking at that time should be appreciated, and given these limitations, John Cromwell does a very good job of directing the camera and allowing the story to develop cinematically rather than merely through the way to act and dialogue. A good example of his talented direction is the stage at Victoria Station. It is beautifully conceived, shot and edited. Pay attention to the sharp shots of the downward Mildred toward the end of the movie; they owe more to the early days of artistic filmmaking than the sanitized, formal world of the studying domain. <br /> <br /> The themes of the film are universally well-known and convincing: sexual obsession, unrequited love, despised passion, self-inflicted, manipulative, social, and youthful folly. Although the dialogue is often rather hackneyed, the difficult task of portraying these themes and the characters' inner life is handled well, albeit in a low key way. Some of the scenarios of occupation and emotional rejection are unpleasant to see, but the story does not go down in cliché; We are aware that the signs (even the toxic Mildred) are both victims and perpetrators, and that their actions are motivated by their misunderstandings of each other's feelings as well as by intentional selfishness. While it is naïve in style, the history of the complex heart of the human state and the way the actor has, and the occasional lattice exchanges, does not diminish the reality of the work. <br /> <br /> Human Bondage was one of the films that Bette Davis has noticed in Hollywood, and while you see it, you are conscious of witnessing the birth of a famous career. Her unconventional beauty and screen charism (no flounced or disdain like Davis) tackles your attention from her first appearance. While her is definitely the memorable achievement in the movie, Leslie Howard is also excellent as the sensitive and fragile student Philip Carey. They're a good combination, why why didn't he help her with the awful, horrible accent!
