This film is about sexual obsession. Bette Davis plays Mildred. This is a woman whom men are attracted to. Not because she is a lovely beautiful girl, but because she is a sexual entity. Now the movie does not come out and say so, but it is obvious. There is a scene in the movie where men all look in shady eyes over her. She works as a waitress in a coffee shop, she cannot read, and she is not really anyone to look at, but she is flirting. It is obvious that the male customers in that coffee shop are there because of her. One day Phillip a flap foot failed painter doctor student comes in the store to say a good word to his friend but he is besotted the moment he sees her. He starts buying his stuff, even paying for his apartment. Meanwhile, she sees other people, and she makes no secret of it. He dreams of her being an angel, but she is no angel. He is constantly thinking of her. His with school grades even fail. So what nookie is for good. He wants to marry her, but she rejects him because she marries another guy. She always lets Phil know that she really doesn't have love feelings for him all the time. He is the heartbeat, but he meets another woman. They work fine, but it is obvious that he still dreams of Bimbo. Mildred comes back with a baby and unfriendly. Phillip takes her back in, but she starts out with a friend of his, the bulb comes a little and he kicks her out. She does what she knows, so she tries to seduce him, well it doesn't work, and she continues to burn up her school money. Oh, we have a foot on which he is having trouble, even though a street turret that has the same problem tells him to shine on it. He meets another girl named Sally, we have a March montage showing her aging as he stretches her and still waits for Mildred. Well, he has no school education, can't find a job. Finally, Sally and her father take him in. Not until another March in time assembly shows him going downhill. Soon his uncle, who raised him, died, and he got the money to become a doctor. Meanwhile, he finds that Mildred needs him again. She has TB. Meanwhile, he still leads Sally down on the Primrose path of marriage, and he takes a job on a steamship. Finally, bimbo dies and Phillip declares he is available now and he wants to marry Sally. I wished she told him to put it. Now I know that my sign of the characters will not get me any points. But I feel Phillip was the bad guy. Yes Mildred is a stump, but he knows it and he keeps coming back. But while he has two other girlfriends who love him but he treats like appetizers. I suppose the sex was not so good. But at least, his dogs, they expect women at Mildred. Not only that, but the man who becomes Mildred pregnant is already married, and when Philip asks him what he intends to do with Baby (apparently the child's name) he laughs is off, he does not intend to support her and baby, and he is wealthy. Sally's father, who has 9 children, says some pretty nasty things about women, but he is said to be an old traditional. Philip also does not seem to reject his feelings. Men use Mildred as a Boy Toy, but the men in this movie come out as rude. Yes, she was not a respectable woman, but far from a villain. For me, Philip had the real problem, and it was his sexual obsession for Mildred.
