I thought this would be a successor to the original "36th Chamber of Shaolin", but actually it is more of a light hearted "sister" to the original. Gordon Liu still stands as a wild hero on an attempt to teach kung fu to defeat these annoying manchus ... but this time it is easier and more comical. The film is centered around the local dye, where wages are reduced due to the hiring of 10 new Manchurian bosses. Liu plays "Chao" who is able to trick the mill bosses into believing he is a Shaolin monk who possesses almost magical kung fu skills. But his luck succeeds, he is exposed to fraud, and he promises the millers that he will go to the Shaolin Monastery to learn kung fu and return to protect them. The comedy really begins at the monastery, where Chao makes several bungling attempts to be accepted. This puts lots of really fun moments and lots of great battle choreography. Continuing in the tradition "36th floor" we see all kinds of nice and interesting (and overall hokey) training methods at the monastery as well as creative uses of wooden benches as weapons. <br /> <br /> Also unique and remarkable is the blend of kung fu and craft of bamboo scaffold building. Chao is not accepted as a student at Shaolin, but is made to build bamboo scaffolds for the convent's 10 year restoration. On the DVD I bought, there is a particular on bamboo scaffolding and the inspiration that director Lau Kar-Leung took out of it. This is a craft many hundreds (maybe thousands) years old, and in Hong Kong scaffolding is still built of bamboo even on large high-rise buildings, although the West uses only steel pipes and clamps. As a result of his scaffolding, Chao develops a special style of kung fu ... when asked about what it is, he responds hilariously to scaffolding kung fu !! as he first tests under dust up with the abbey of the monastery. In the final confrontation with the cuffs, there is a dazzling selection of creative uses for bamboo coils and tapes. From a comedy perspective, I think it's one of the best of the kung fu genre. As a kung fu movie in general, it also stands out ... I recommend it to anyone!
