Back to the 36th floor is one of the classic Kung-Fu movies produced by Shaw back in the 70s and 80s, whose genre is similar to Hollywood's spaghetti-western and protagonist Gordon Liu, the counterpart to Western Clint Eastwood . Digital remastered and a new print made for Fantastic Film Fest, this is "Presented in Shaw Scope", just like the good old days. <br /> <br /> This movie is a simple story of good-to-evil, told in 3 acts that more or less sum up the tale of martial arts films in that era. <br /> <br /> Act One sets premises. Workers in a small village in a small village are dissatisfied with their mass, and their salaries are reduced by 20% of incoming manchu gangsters. They can't do much about their exploitation because none of them are martial arts capable of taking the gangsters and their boss. First, they had less success in getting Liu to imitate a highly educated Shaolin monk (one of the best comedy sequences), but their rebellion was postponed as they push the limit of credibility by publishing one too many times. <br /> <br /> Act Two shows the protagonist who wants to get back on the mob. But without real martial arts, he begins a journey to the Shaolin Temple to try to infiltrate and learn martial arts on the veil. After some slapstick moments he is finally accepted by the abbot (which he imitates!) But is disappointed with the teaching methods - like Miyagi's style in the Karate Kid, but instead of painting fences, he gets upright scaffolding around the temple. Nothing can hold a good man down and he unconsciously creates strength, endurance and teaches kung-fu the unorthodox way. Act Three is where the fight begins. With cheesy sound effects, each obvious contact freedom on film is given the maximum power treatment. But it is quite refreshing to see the battle scenes here with its wide angled shots to highlight clarity and detail between the sparring partners and the use of slow motion only to show stunts at different angles. You can find the speed of the fighting a bit too slow, with a break in between moves, but with the Yuen Wo Ping and his style being used ad-nausem in Hollywood flicks, they certainly do not make battle scenes as they used to! Back to the 36th Chamber, you get a repeat screening on Monday, so if you are playing for a nostalgic ride down memory, what are you waiting for?
