After 21 films and three years of work in Hollywood, Bette Davis finally got a role she claimed as her own and who put her as a force to count on. As Mildred Rogers, Davis blasted a completely unsympathetic role as a savage waitress who becomes the target of Leslie Howard's feelings and already eager to sink his teeth into a role like this, she had no trouble with the horrible things she had to do in the race of the movie and the terrible transformation she would go through. It has also been very well known that her performance here, one of the few things that makes this a bit uneven film-secret, has been the one who remembers, even after two remakes and the scenes where she shakes herself into Howard, has made cinema history. <Br /> About 85 minutes the story goes at a good pace and tells the story of Philip Carey (Howard) when his life crosses the destructive Mildred Rogers again and again. <br /> <br /> Howard and Davis' chemistry is anything but non-existent - Davis held an interview much later in life, she didn't care much for Howard's joy to her, and it helped her action even worse ( in character) against him as Mildred. The two seem unpleasant to each other; Their scenes remain stiff, only salvaged by the cool acidity, Davis brings her lines and her own nervous presence. Then, Cromwell's direction has some silence about himself that does not come at times - he tries to fill some room (when Davis is not there) with disintegration and assembly indicating the time course (a calendar superimposed on a changing Frances Dee) . All in style at that time. This was before techniques and complicated camera angles arose, and essentially the visual history is a simplified, just essential translation of Somerset Maugham's novel - which says a lot since 600 pages "Human Bondage" It has actually been difficult to film even then . <br /> <br /> Historically, Philip Carey feels like a glutton of punishment, as there is no visible sexual attraction between him and Mildred and that compound, Mildred never conceals his dissatisfaction from the get- bark. Howard's performance never seems to go through very external feeling - his eyes are constantly sad, his expression never goes too far from being lost (he could almost be a distant cousin of William Hurt in "The Accidental Tourist" - rejected, evil, and absolutely passive), but it may be part of his character and the reason he does not see other women (played by Kay Johnson and Frances Dee) being exposed to untouched emotions. Interestingly, Johns Norah, when she realizes that Carey never falls for her, is the one who sums up the story with her observation that people are tied to other people - she is tied to Carey when Carey is bound to Mildred and Mildred themselves are tied to Miller (or men who fit the supplier's role). In her short but memorable scene, she is the one who holds the core of history's morality.
