Well, here's another great example of awkward 70's movie production! The rudimentary premise of "What's with Helen?" is quite shocking and disturbing, but it is presented in such an elegant and sophisticated way! In the hands of any other movie crew member, this would surely be a creepy and greedy exploitation story, but with director Curtis Harrington ("Whoever Slew Auntie Roo?") And screenwriter Henry Farrell ("Hush ?? Hush ?? Sweet Charlotte") ) It became a beautiful and almost enchanting mix of themes and genres. The basic film in the film is certainly horrible, but there is much more to experience, such as love stories, a swinging 1930's atmosphere and a lot of song and tapestry! The setting is without a doubt what makes this movie so unique. We are literally catapulted back to the 1930s, with a sublime depiction of the era of music, religion, theatrical shops and lockers. After the long and exhausting trial that sentenced their sons to life murder prison, Adelle (Debbie Reynolds) and Helen (Shelley Winters) fly to California and are trying to start a new life running a dance school for young talented girls. Adelle adapts especially to the new environment as she falls in love with a local millionaire, but poor old Helen continues to sink in a downward spiral of madness and paranoia. She only listens to a radio evangelist who fears she will be punished for the crimes committed by her son and slowly develop violent tendencies. The script, even though it is not completely wrong, is well-written and the film is sufficiently paced. There is never a dull moment in "What is something about Helen", although the song, tap dancing and tango sequences are quite extended and very independent of the plot itself. But the atmosphere is persistently eerie, and the movie definitely enjoys the benefits of Shelley Winter's amazing plays. She's just scary as the unpredictable and introverted lady who is getting a second, and especially in the last ten minutes or so, she looks more disturbing than all Freddy Kruegers, Jason Voorhees and Michael Myers' combined! There are several amazing supportive characters who, unfortunately, are slightly underdeveloped and robbed of their potential, as Michael MacLiammóir as the chaos electoral, Agnes Moorehead as the creepy priestess and Timothy Carey as the obtrusive visitor to the lady's house. There are a few surprisingly horrific scenes and moments of real shock to enjoy the Grand Guignol fanatics among us, but especially the pieces and costume designs (even nominated for an Oscar!) Are breathtaking.
