I had seen (and recorded) this a few years back on local television, and after being underwhelmed by it, I subsequently deleted the tape; But when it was released by MGM as part of a "Midnite Movie" double-DVD from Curtis Harrington / Shelley Winters movie at a very affordable price, I couldn't resist giving it another look (it has since gone out of-print). In fact, I received the DVD some months ago, but only now, with Harrington's passing, I came to it; Fortunately, this time I was more receptive to the movie, and in reality, it now sees it as one of the more satisfying WHY HAPPEDED TO BABY JANE? (1962) imitations (with whom it otherwise shared scriptwriter Henry Farrell). <br /> <br /> The movie features a stunning release of the 1930s Depression America - with its child star craze and sensational murder (exploited during false news tour opening); It's stylishly made (kudos to Lucien Ballard's filmography and set design by Eugene Lourie ') and has an effective David Raksin score. Shelley Winters, Debbie Reynolds and Michael MacLiammoir deliver outstanding performances; The latter is particularly impressive as the larger than life and vaguely spooky diction coach (although he eventually turns out to be a red red herring!). Also mentioned are Dennis Weaver and Agnes Moorehead (her is just a cameo, really like the evangelist she plays is most heard over the radio). Many seemed to regret the inclusion of music by the children (including a funny Mae West imitation), but I was not personally disturbed by them; the film surpasses its welcome because of an unprecedented tempo and (perhaps inevitably) coinciding plot. Reynolds - a musical star herself - is ideally cast as the dance school owner, and despite their on-set rivalry, she and Winters work well together. The latter actually gives a more balanced depiction of paranoia and insane than in the WHOEVER SLEW AUNTIE ROO? (1971); The story then comes up with a number of ironic phrases that lead to the expected Grand Guignol-type denouement. Apparently the movie was toned down (it originally contained more gore and even a proposal for lesbianism!) By producer Martin Ransohoff - against Harrington's wishes - to get a PG rating ...
