Some of the background details in this story are based very, very loosely, on real events in the era where this was placed. The story combines some of the details of the famous Leopold and Loeb case with a bit of Aimee Semple McPherson. The story begins with two mothers (Shelley Winters and Debbie Reynolds) being hounded as they leave a courtroom. The audience seems most appropriate to make them injurious when their sons were just convicted of a violent tension crime. A person in the audience seems to frighten Winters hand as they go to a waiting car. <br /> <br /> Soon after returning home, they begin to face threatening phone calls, so Reynolds suggests that they both move to the West Coast together and open a dance school. The dance school is successful and they meet incredibly unpleasant parents who believe their child is the next Shirley temple. One of the parents of these pampered children is a multimillionaire who is quite merged with Reynolds and they start dancing. Life works very well. But when the threatening phone calls begin again, Winters responds by flipping out - behaving as if she is approaching a psychotic pause, and she withdraws more and more into religion - listening on the radio to 'sister Alma' almost constantly. Again and again you see winters on the edge and it ultimately culminates in very bad things !! I will not say more, as it can ruin this exciting and exciting movie. In many ways, this movie is much like Bette Davis and Joan Crawford horror movies from the 1960s as "what happened to Baby Jane?", "Straight-Jacket" and "The Nanny". While none of these are exactly intellectual fares, at a kitsch level, they are incredibly entertaining and fun. The script is very good and there are some good phrases at the end that make it all very exciting. Winters is great as a fragile and demented lady, and Reynolds plays one of the sexiest 39-year-olds I've ever seen - plus she can really dance. <br /> <br /> My only concern about all this is that some might find Winters hyper-religiosity in the film a bit tacky - as a cheap attack on Christianity. First, I felt like that, but when you meet Sister Alma, she seems sincere and is not mocked, so I took Winters' religious zeal as just a sign of madness - which I assume is all that was meant. /> <br /> By the way, this movie is packed with "Whoever Slew Auntie Roo?" - Another Shelley Winter's horror movie from 1971. Both are fun ... and totally over-the-top!
