The most bizarre of the cinematic subgenres is the so-called "The Great Ladies of the Grand Guignol": the horror movie of the camp, which combined the melodrama with the top melodrama with gothic excitement and always starred with spicy and almost forgotten actress from Hollywood gold age in unflattering roles of either long suffering victims or screaming evil harps. This genre provided them with an unusual play that allowed them to re-tighten their items on the screen and win new generations of fans at the expense of yesterday's glamorous images. <br /> <br /> "What's with Helen"? the last drop of this subgenre with amazing performances by both Debbie Reynolds and Shelley Winters as the troubled mothers of two convicted criminals running away from their past to sunny California in the 1930s to open a talent school to munch the avid mothers who wants their daughters to be the next Shirley temple. In California, Debbie gets luck, clients, tango, tap dance and a new love interest (Dennis Weaver while Shelley gets wacko with terrible flashbacks, threatening anonymous calls, threatening strangers, threatening Agnes Moorehead as a radio evangelist, cute little rabbits (!) And an unfortunate encounter with an electric fan (ouch!) The sloppy script (written by Henry Farrell, the man who started all this genre with "What ended up with Baby Jane" along with master leader Robert Aldrich, Joan Crawford and Bette Davis) is filled with plot holes, red herring and wasted opportunities that could have made this movie great: the underlying themes of angry motherhood (with Debbie and Shelley's characters as "failed mothers" and the indulgent mommies in children's stars) and obsessive female bonding (Debbie And the Shelley relationship and the fact that the few male characters in this movie are either creepy or lazy even Dennis Weaver's dream boat Texan is wasted, instead we get Debbie Reynolds musicals interludes and dancing tots, although it is fun to watch too much screen time on what is supposed to be a psychological chiller. But still this movie is very entertaining. The two stars and Curtis Harrington's stylish direction easily overcome his mistakes. The movie recreation of the 1930s is colorful and elegant (look at Debbie's clothes!) Made with a very tight budget. The growing atmosphere of madness and hysteria is really uncomfortable with a shocking finale that will haunt you for days. And you wouldn't easily forget the silly "Goody, goody" song that runs through the movie either. And see an increasingly nasty Shelley Winters screw every one of Debbie Reynold's chances of happiness is a hoot to see! <br /> <br /> 8 out of 10.
