I think the deal with this movie is that it has about 2 minutes really fun moments, and it makes a very good trailer, and many people come in with the expectations of the trailer, and this time the movie does not live up to the trailer . It's a little more sluggish and slows down for such an exciting premise, and I think I see from the comments people have a love / hate relationship with this movie. But if you look at this movie for what it is and not what it might have considered the talent of the cast, I think it's still pretty good. Julia Stiles is obviously the star, she is so scary and carefree that it is set in line with everyone else she just glows and the entire audience falls in love with her with Lee. The rest of the cast, of course, Lee's testosterone-filled colleagues, his elegant son-in-law, his fate friend, Jim and his bride to be all, do an excellent job of fitting stereotypes of conformity and boredom that make Stiles stand out in the first lap. <br /> <br /> Lee doesn't live up to his costars, I don't think, but you can see it as more difficult to live up to. Maybe it's a disappointment. <br /> <br /> The film itself, despite a bit of slowness and a few jokes that do not come out as fun as the author's intention, is still quite fun, and I found a rather intelligent movie. The themes of consistency and "taking the safe route" seemed to cope with several layers. For example, there was the whole motive about how he could imagine scenarios, but would never act on them until the last scene, or how he listened to a radio program on the highway that talked about how everyone is compatible or how everything Selma Blair and Julia Stiles' characters said and became the echo of the themes where a person was the sure choice, and one was the risky choice. The other good thing about the movie was that it was a kind of screw shoe where Jason Lee should keep his way through the movie and as through stupid luck (for example, the pharmacist's guy turns out to be a good cook) and some wisdom from his side comes away with it mostly. <br /> <br /> While it wasn't as much fun as I expected and there was a little wasted talent, but overall it's still a good movie.
