In spite of loving Rita Hayworth, the last few sequences of the movie found exciting and could appreciate some of the subtle "symbolic" aspects of cinematography, The Lady from Shanghai didn't seem to me completely. I had a problem with most of the shows, the script and the overall structure. And in a movie that mostly people talk to each other in different situations, it's quite a problem. Lady from Shanghai ended with a very low "C" or a 7. For me. Lady from Shanghai is really about Orson Welles character, Michael O'Hara. O'Hara sees Elsa "Rosalie" Bannister (Rita Hayworth) in Central Park on a wagon tour and frames on her. Later he saves her from a curl and she takes a shine to him. O'Hara is a sailor from Ireland and the globe-based Elsa happens to own a yacht with her husband Arthur (Everett Sloane), a very famous and strong California defense lawyer. They talk to O'Hara about working for them, despite his first caveat - it seems to him and to the public that Elsa is just looking for someone to have an affair with, and O'Hara doesn't want to get involved. <br /> <br /> Shortly after working on their yacht, a strange man, George Grisby (Glenn Anders), who says he is Arthur's partner, shows up in a harbor and begins to stir up problems. Eventually, Grisby O'Hara asks for a very dubious and dangerous scheme. O'Hara is silly in agreement. Of course, it gets him in a lot of trouble, and eventually a number of mysteries are revealed. <br /> <br /> Perhaps my problems lie with the film in the fact that so far I'm not a big fan of Orson Welles, and here he produces, writes, manages and consumes most of the screen time. I haven't seen anywhere near most of Welle's work yet, but I tend to like his later movie better when he became a bit more campy and performance-arty. I love eg. F for Fake (Vérités et mensonges, 1974), and I also resemble his performance at Casino Royale (1967) when he bizarre insisted on allowing magical tricks on a baccarat table, but Citizen Kane 1941) never did much for me, despite giving 3 or 4 chances over the years (including about a year ago; my rating was low 7 - the same as my current score for The Lady from Shanghai). <br /> <br /> Welles' performance and the dialogue he has written for himself come across as touched and pretentious to me. He is a bit of a motor worm, a bit of a boor, and a bit monotonous - he tends to sound like he is reading. His performance reminded me of what I have seen from Welles' version of Moby Dick (listed on IMDb as 1999, but "completed" in 1971, which can also be seen in Orson Welles: The One-Man Band (1995)), where He seems to be just reading to the camera and believing he is inherent, sublime dramatic. I'm also one who almost never complains about accents, but somehow, Welles thrives to make his Irish accent sound touched and pretentious to me. <br /> <br /> As for the other performances, I can only say that I thought Hayworth did an excellent job. Of course, she is beautiful, who does not hurt. Lots of eye like this. Like Welles, Sloane also seemed a little touched and pretentious to me - I never bought his character, his handicap, and so on, and Anders is simply bizarre, where bizarre doesn't seem to fit. Welles often shoots him in close-up, and Anders almost always has some exaggerated excessive manic expression on his sweaty face. Structurally, Lady from Shanghai is very uneven. The first 50 minutes or so are extremely bland and soap operative, although the soap operatives tend to be contacted from a skewed slope. When Grisby introduces its scheme, things pick up a little and improve most things as we approach the end. But as Lady of Shanghai becomes a crime / mystery movie, it is too late and it quickly becomes a courtroom drama before the sudden, exciting ending that comes almost out of nothing and is too fast for its relative excellence. The end is more action-oriented, less dialogue heavy, more varied and exotic in settings and sometimes quite abstract. Welles handles the combination of material as an instructor. If The Lady from Shanghai would have been a pretty much a combination of crime / mystery stuff and arty ending, it could easily have been at least a 9. The final scenes are easily 10s, as Welles switches from a Hitchcockian excitement scene in a San Francisco Chinese opera house for another excitement scene in a Chinese theme park. The Climbax neighborhood uses filmography that was experimental for its time. It is well integrated with the script, as it allows a complex resolution and fuel a lot of symbolism. <br /> <br /> The whole chemistry is interesting, although it usually cannot solve the problems in the foreground. Welles blocks scenes with skill. There are lots of attractive options, from Central Park to Acapulco to various San Francisco locations. Welles effectively creates symbolic backgrounds for his action, from the highlighted heights and fallen drops of Acapulco to the maze-like Caribbean streets, the beautifully framed and silhouetted shots of the San Francisco Aquarium, and so on. The romance material that the aquarium serves as a backdrop is interestingly temperate with some kind of discomfort throughout the film, but on the other hand it makes romance never quite like romance. <br /> <br /> Certainly serious Welles fans will appreciate The Lady from Shanghai much more than I did, and of course it is worth seeing if you love Rita Hayworth. The lady from Shanghai is not exactly a horrible movie, in my opinion, but it is dangerously close to not "passing". Continue with caution.
