Beautifully embedded between THE STRANGER, a small movie noir image that showed that Welles can make a tremendous budgetary work on time and, ironically, proven his biggest box office success in the eighties, and MACBETH, a no-budget Shakespeare adaptation shot in old western shets for 23 days, it comes from SHANGAI, a dark film noir woven by the same fabric of the wellesian mythos covering the powerful AMBERSONS, MR. ARKADIN and any other movie that the director could not save from the study leaders. <br /> <br /> Six years after MALTESE FALCON, with the post-war craze of film noir in full swing, Welles, always before his time, a true visionary director of immense artistic integrity, imagined a labyrinthine world of shadows who are already darker, more eerie, paranoid and serpentine than anything his contemporaries did at that time. It is no wonder that the movie was so misunderstood at the time, until a full hour of footage was perpetually back in the cutting base, and it was once again Europe that was like another Welles classic. <br /> <br /> Some set pieces stand out. The aquarium scene with its shimmering light and spooky shadows, and of course the Funhouse / Hall of Mirrors finale, which is as classic a piece of Wellesian bravura as anyone in the COTTAGE or TRIAL. The only mistakes I find with the movie are Welles' annoying Irish accent and perhaps some of the irregular edits in the first action. The story, however, transforms into a progressively fascinating way that the cuts only serve to intensify. I think the highly chopped versions of Shangai and Ambersons achieve a surreal quality. <br /> <br /> For ten years, Welles would exile in Europe and return in 1958 to deliver yet another stonewall classic, the monumental TOUCH OF EVIL, perhaps the chronic jewel of the film Noir, which was already in its decreasing days at that time. Shanghai was not the box office success a star vehicle for Hollywood's premiere star of the time, Rita Hayworth, should have been, and Welles's marriage to Hayworth ended before the movie was even released. Sixty years later and an hour of shooting less, Shangai is still one of the best movie noir images one is likely to discover. It must be counted on something.
