It's not as big a movie as many think (including my late aunt who said it was her favorite movie). But because of the better parts of this film noir, especially the justified famous "fun house" finale, LADY FROM SHANGHAI has gained an important position beyond the real value as a key to the saga of Orson Welles' lack of conquest of Hollywood. <br /> <br /> In 1946, Welles' position as a Hollywood figure was mixed. BORG KANE was not recognized as the big movie it has been seen since because of the way it was attacked by the Hearst press and by the Hollywood insiders themselves. Welles' attempt at total control (direction and production and action) of his films seemed to threaten the entire system. His best job during this period was like Edward Rochester in JANE EYRE, apparently shot by Robert Stevenson, but actually shot much (with Stevenson's blessing) by Welles. But the credit went to Stevenson. Only the Stranger, a movie that enjoys a post-war interest in fleeing Nazi war criminals, made a profit. For five years in Hollywood it was hardly a big record. Welles returned to Broadway in 1946 and hoped to regain his critical abilities in the production of Around the World for 80 days. But despite the help Mike Todd and Cole Porter compose the score, the music was a failure. His failure arose at the same time that his wife, Rita Hayworth, was on the road with her portrayal of GILDA. So also the marriage went on the rocks. <br /> <br /> Welles had to make money - his Broadway production had led to his personal bankruptcy. He sold his interest in the possible movie rights to Todd (which he eventually wanted to), and he also sold the idea of ​​a movie about Henri Desire Landrue's career to Charlie Chaplin, who was to be instructed in it (and who made it to MONSIEUR VERDOUX) . <br /> <br /> The story goes, Welles, with a $ 10,000 treasure bill to worry about, called Cohn and offered to make a movie with Rita for a prepayment. Cohn was willing to do that, but of course asked what the movie was. It was a wise question. Welles was on a payphone in New York in a pharmacy that had a book department. He grabbed a book titled THE LADY FROM SHANGHAI and raved that it was a great thriller. Somehow, Welles convinced the usually magnificent Cohn that Welles knew what he was talking about. Cohn said he would investigate the rights and sent Welles his $ 10,000.00 down payment. After Cohn hung Welles bought the book and read it - and found it was really pretty bad. He spent time rewriting a treatment and manuscript that would build Rita's character by Elsa Bannister. It certainly has a curious plot development. Michael O'Hara is a sailor / longshoreman. He rescues Elsa Bannister as she apparently is attacked by the gangsters in a park in San Francisco. Elsa is married to Arthur Bannister (Everett Sloane) a damned criminal lawyer with a good reputation. She convinces him to hire Michael as skipper on their yacht. The cruise also includes Bannister's outrageous partner George Grisby (Glenn Anders) and a Sidney Broome (Ted De Corsia) who turns out to be a detective employed by Bannister to see Elsa. When they can Michael and Elsa try to find time together, but Broome or Grisby continues to emerge. <br /> <br /> Grisby makes Michael an offer - he wants (for reasons of his so-called fatalistic view of modern society) to escape and suffer death. According to Grisby (the plot gets turbid here) he can still collect his life insurance (even if he is dead?) And use it to run out to the South Sea. He will pay Michael $ 10,000.00 if he wants to pretend to shoot Grisby. This actually involves signing a document that grants the murder (Michael does not understand that such a recording would wipe out the need to produce a corpse if all the other evidence suggests that Grisby is probably dead). <br /> <br /> Of course Grisby is killed and Michael is being arrested for that and for Broome's murder (shot with Michael's gun). Michael is trying with Bannister to defend him, and discovers that the latter is doing a second rate job because he wants Michael to be sentenced. Michael is convinced that Bannister is the actual killer and manages to escape just before the jury's verdict. He is knocked out and deposited in a deserted carnival and it leads to the famous "fun house" sequence and end of the movie. It's a terribly confusing movie (which I've been commenting on). It does not mean that it is not worth seeing - visually it is striking. Witness the battle between Michael and the police in the judge's neighborhood, where he knocks the bailiff in judges' bookshelf, crushing glass. Or the clever use of photography to catch Hayworth diving from a rock, reflected on the lecherous Grisby binoculars. <br /> <br /> The play is pretty good, especially Sloane (possibly the finest actor's best movie role). Glenn Anders was a leading Broadway performer. He rarely made films before LADY FROM SHANGHAI, and his slimy Grisby is unforgettable. Also Ted De Corsia does it very nicely with Broome - a detective who really seeks his own interests at his own price. <br /> <br /> With regard to Hayworth, she turns into a show that was unlike most of what she had done before (BLOOD AND TRUE, MANHATTAN AND STRAWBERRY BLOND SPEAKS are exceptions), and is a memorable siren. Welles' O'Hara is a very unusual character for the actor - a sympathetic but naive man who learns the hard way not to believe what he will secretly believe. It's not KANE, AMBERSOMS, OTHELLO, LOVES OR CHIMES AT MIDNIGHT, but it's a good movie for all that.
