It might well have been the final movie of all time, not Columbia Studios cut so much by Orson Welles original. What we are back with is a flawless but brilliant film showing the overwhelming talent of Welles as an actor / director and Rita Hayworth as a seriously dramatic talent. 'The Lady From Shanghai' is film noir at it's most sizzling and confusing. Welles, with an uneven accent, depicts Michael O'Hara, an irrelevant Irishman, who after a fateful encounter with the seductively dangerous Elsa Bannister (Hayworth, in a great performance) finds himself almost forced to accept a job as a crew of her and spoiled man's (Everett Sloane) yacht. Elsa, or 'Rosalie' as Michael likes to call her, plays the innocent, helpless doll really well, enchanting O'Hara on his website. As the lovers perform a not so secret affair at sea, Arthur Bannister's partner in his law firm, George Grisby (Glenn Anders) comes aboard. He's a weird, subconscious figure that gives Michael a unique suggestion: He'll get $ 5000 to help Grisby fall into Grisby's death, so it seems to be murder. The plan is for Michael to get out of a technique and run in the sun with Elsa. But it is not possible to plan. <br /> <br /> Hayworth delivers us one of the best femme fatales of all time in a very ambiguous depiction. At times, she really seems vulnerable and childlike, with others brutal, worldly and hard. She is always beautifully beautiful, whether he needs a drink in a swimsuit or dressed in black, burning a gun. Hayworth is beautifully photographed here and she is far from her famous 'Gilda' role. Her then-Orson Welles cut off her trademark auburn locks for a colored blonde crop (angry Columbia chief Harry Cohn). It was a great marketing ploy, and he wonderfully changes to her changing attitude wonderfully. She is not the sympathetic femme fatale that 'Gilda' is here, but she is a predator, black-hearted lady, who sees murder as a very useful solution. Welles and Hayworth mating came at a time when the couple had extreme difficulties in their marriage. They wanted to stand out after the film was made, so it is also a curiosity to give an overview of the complicated relationship. They are hateful, not romantic, lovers in this, so it's hard to measure if they had real chemistry on the screen. Certainly everyone encounters strong and filled with raw sexuality, with Welles as the "Fall guy" (he himself admits it in the movie!) And Rita as the double cross. <br /> <br /> The character of Welles is the typical noir 'drive' with little meaning. As Welles-voice-over turns out to use, O'Hara doesn't actually use his brain much "expect to think of her (Elsa)". Welles usually played intelligent, charismatic scholars, so his trip is here as the dim-witted Michael is unusual and very interesting. Yes, Welles was an actor of fine talent, and he pulls it well. <br /> <br /> Everett Sloane is appropriately slimy as Hayworth's crippled man. One wonders why he hires Michael. It is obvious that his wife is interested in him romantic, so why does he invite a 'threat' on board? An interpretation might be that Michael provides his service to 'his service', which Bannister does not suffer in its curly state. There is certainly something to that theory, with many implications for Elsa's behavior before she met her husband (was she a kind of prostitute?) And Grisby's knowledge of Bannister's most intimate secrets was suggested in several scenes. <br /> This is a jumbled, enveloped film with a plot that is ultimately flawed. We are more interested in the love triangle than the murder plot, as with most noirs. Welles gives us many of his usual brilliant cinematic details, including the justified famous 'Mirror Hall' climax. It's an amazing scene, an end that can almost wipe out the mistakes earlier in the movie and lift it into grandeur. This fun house scene is visually stunning, with a Dali-like feel of the painted sets (apparently Orson put them himself). Subtle visual images exploited throughout the movie by Welles enhance the plot and make this a thought-provoking experience. The dialogue is fierce and confusing, delivered excellently by Rita's alternating low-voice breathing and helpless, high-altitude little girl's voice. Hayworth proves her action capacity in this one and shows that she is the ultimate femme fatale of 'noir'. It's a shame (only a little, as Rita was a brilliant dancer), that she made so many lovely but foamy and often forgettable musicals for Columbia in her 40s instead of dark theme like this one. She was a brilliant actress when she got the chance to show her talent. <br /> <br /> 9/10.
