The Lady From Shanghai is strange, even by the standards of its prominent director, Orson Welles, whose last Hollywood movie was too many a moon. It is a kind of postmodern film noir made during the period when several conventional films of this type were very popular, and it is about a happy, lucky Irish sailor (played by Welles) who falls in with a mysterious lady (Rita Hayworth who was married to Welles at that time), and her crippled and probably powerful man played with a good, vicious gusto of Everett Sloan. A long voyage follows Welles in tow as bodyguards, and the plot thickens as Sloan's law partner (Glenn Anders) turns up and begins to make trouble by giving strange talks about suicide and other morbid issues suggesting that the man is on the edge of mental division. A murder plot follows and all sorts of accidents follow for Welles and his employers, and at this time the story, unclear and told at a leisurely pace so far, tells the story, and the last part of the movie is made up of glorious directional sets which has apparently been thrown in to give the film some of the drive and urgency that its history does not possess in itself, and the result is a highly visible and often appealing at any time incomprehensible mess. <br /> <br /> It's hard to know what Welles was trying to do with this movie except perhaps reviving his career in Hollywood by making a vehicle for his wife. But self-destruction intervenes, as often does with Welles, and Miss Hayworth has never seen less to download. The fact that she is also cast as a femme fatale seems peculiar, as apart from her beauty, her most appealing feature as screen personality was lovableness, a quality she does not have in this image. The director himself is strangely uncomfortable and hammy at O'Hara, the (presumably) light-hearted sailor, as Welles for all his many gifts was not known as an easy man to work with. This is a role that twenty or thirty years later Sean Connery or Robert Shaw could have been able to breathe in. Welles doesn't. The most interesting performance in the film is Glenn Anders' as Grisby, Sloan's loony, treacherous law partner. Anders works wonders with the section and is photographed to look bizarre, while his scenes end in odd, sour notes and are often choppily edited; But for all this, he manages to make Grisby's fake palpable and disturbing, and hopefully expects the more flamboyant 50-year-old Method actors, like Timothy Carey. <br /> <br /> There is a question that nags me about this movie: what was Welles trying to say? He was an extremely talented and intelligent man, and tended to make statements in his films, which, whether or not they agreed with his worldview, were brilliantly performed. I think I have an answer or a partial: Welles summed up his movie career. He had reached the end of his rope in the Hollywood studio system he despised and he knew it. Lady From Shanghai is not exactly a nose-thumb on today's study modules, but I suppose it is in his portrait of amoral, rival big shot lawyers (read: producers) expressing Welle's statement from the Hollywood power brokers. That he introduced himself as a rootless sailor tells. Welles was, of course, an annoying traveler, and he rarely lived in a place too long. He was recruited by a studio to give it a large, prestigious film (Citizen Kane), which caused a four-storm of controversy from which he never fully recovered. It may be the problem that does not speak its name in this movie, that is, Welles' personal failure in not overcoming the shock of his novelty in the film colony and his inability to deliver the goods as promised. The only fact that he turned up in Hollywood, like his mere presence in the movie, could not prevent disasters that were far beyond his control. That he introduced himself in the film as a gracious, naive outsider shows a lack of self-knowledge on Welles' part. He was much more of an inner player than he got on, and I imagine he despised his knowledge of the life-threatening aspects of life and himself to know so much.
