In NYC, sailor Michael O'Hara (Orson Welles) rescues Elsa Bannister (Rita Hayworth) from a mug and rape as she takes a horse and cart through Central Park - and lives to regret it. Titian-haired Hayworth is a platinum lace in this one; as dazzling as fresh-fallen snow - but not as near as clean ... To reveal more of the overdue plot in this usual "noir" would be criminal. It's as misleading as the mirror is used for catastrophic effects in the end scenes - but the film has far darker secrets: From the NY Times: "Childhood Shadows: The Hidden Story Of The Black Dahlia Murder" by Mary Pacios "Mary Pacios, who was 5 years old, conscious of the 15-year-old Bette Short, Short's steps, interviewed friends and colleagues resumed, and offered a detailed, speculative analysis of Orson Welles - especially regarding his film "The Lady From Shanghai." the film, along with related archive material, many of the same ritualistic elements associated with Short's murder. She raises the question: Could Welles be the killer? "Interesting theories - and with the waves of books now on" The Black Dahlia, "much more can come to light. Fritz Lang's brutal "film noir", "The Big Heat" (1953), was a novel-a-clef tale of "Dahlia" killing in "The City of Nets" that was LA - but it is Orson opus that " Dahlia "had a" hands-on "connection to. In fact, it was Bugsy Siegel (and the 1940s Hollywood mob wars) who did "Dahlia" in ... but it doesn't negate much of what Pacios wrote. Nearly all of Hollywood crossed Elizabeth ("The Black Dahlia") Map and her story / aura / heritage / curse are coded in a series of Golden Age films. <br /> <br /> "Black Dahlia" was always on the peripheral edges of the "Shanghai" fan before it began to film. Barbara Payton at Franchot Tone: "That was when he thought about making" The Lady From Shanghai "before losing the opportunity for Orson Welles. Franchot said he had been in a bad state over the deal as he ran into Dahlia in the Formosa Cafe * across Goldwyn Studios ... "* The floor above the Formosa Cafe was Bugsy Siegel's office and" The Dahlia ", one of his on and over to work" girls ". <br /> <br /> It gets deeper and darker - After the 1951 war over Barbara Payton between Tom Neal and Franchot Tone, who sent Franchot to the hospital with concussion and "never talked the same way again," Barbara said she married with Tone "just because of Neal." Tom ("Detour") Neal also knew "The Dahlia" (not?) And was obsessed - From "LA Despair" by John Gilmore: "January 1947 slaying the young beautiful would be actress Elizabeth Short, known as" The Black Dahlia "was one of the most grisly murders in the annals of modern crime. A project called" Who killed the black dahlia? "Was fired by actor Tom Neal, a hell-raiser from World War II film. Potential producer Gene Harris:" Someone has to come up with a more imaginative business proposal than what has been presented by Tom Neal and his cohorts ... "Not long after:" It would be very clear a beautiful day to come when Tom would sneak up at her beautiful, new Palm Springs wife when she was lying on their couch and shooting a .45 ball through her head. "Barbara Payton and Norma Jean Dougherty (later Marilyn Monroe) knew" Dahlia "and their stories are well known. It seems that everyone crossing the road to" Dahlia "(like the sincere black cat) came into a" Twilight Zone "dark and / or had a huge disadvantage afterwards. Tone / Neal / Welles are few and it includes a slaughtered movie called" The Lady From Shanghai "..." Lady From Shanghai "took two years to be released Thanks to extensive re-editing - and all because Columbia President Harry Cohn couldn't understand the story, it's dark "noir" to be sure - one of the darkest. It's also a vicious satire on life in the new atomic age . <br /> <br /> Nicolas Christopher: <br /> <br /> "Shanghai" highlights an insistent subtitle of nuclear apocalypse and contains the final noir statement on the atomic bomb and the American city. ), a psychotic and double-dealing lawyer, foresees Manic Armagedd on each turn and claim that he can "feel it". He announces that he plans to flee to a remote Pacific Island - a particularly sour joke on Welles, since it was the year when the United States began testing atomic bombs at such a place, the Bikini Atoll, which moved all its inhabitants and destroyed the ecosystem. At the time of bikini, the erotic identification of Hayworth with the bomb seems to have been institutionalized with the blessing of military brass; The first bomb fell into the Pacific test in the name of "Gilda" and has Hayworth's picture, in provocative dress, painted directly on the robe ... "It is ironic that Orson Welle's broad interpretation of an Irishs is considered an injury to the movie of Welles gives a look at the viewers that "Michael O'Hara" is only the narrator - not part of the story, even if it is about him. "O'Hara" contradicts the shark motif throughout the film. a feeding fringe will not stop until there is nothing left. "Michael O'Hara" lives to tell the tale "Elsa Bannister" causes feeding frenzy during O'Hara's trial and her netted chapeau suggests she is embedded in - not To devour the human spectators to a Roman colesseum. The spectators are on their own feeding frenzy and gossip and carry on "Elsa" - a human aquarium that correlates with the San Francisco marine museum order. It is the human condition ... except "Michael O'Hara l will use his life trying to forget his past ("Elsa") - or die trying. "Elsa" is part of "Michael" and the story eats its own tail at last, and the viewer is warned to stay out of trouble.
