It is very difficult to say exactly what was going on with "The Lady from Shanghai" and what the film could have been without studio interference. Orson Welles' greatest interest in filming at this time was raising money for his theater; In fact, his own projects finance what drove him to seek work. He made "Lady from Shanghai" soon to be ex-wife, Rita Hayworth. Harry Cohn was afraid of Rita's image and held back to the release of this film for a year. The plot concerns an Irish sailor Michael O'Hara who falls in love with Else (Hayworth, great with short blond hair). Her husband is a well-known criminal lawyer Arthur Bannister (Everett Sloane) who is as crippled on the inside as he is out. He hires O'Hara to work on his yacht, and there is O'Hara drawn deeper and deeper into a web of murder and deception. <br /> <br /> "Lady of Shanghai" is moving in a snail, but I agree with one of the posters that the movies today are criticized for taking time to build a plot. Nevertheless, this film draws. The scene in the fun house is fantastic - Welles wanted it without music, and I think the studio cut it down. It's a shame. The photography throughout is fantastic, atmospheric, bold and very stylish. Welles was an excellent actor, beautiful in his youth, charismatic and possessing a magnificent voice and technique, but in many films it is almost as if he does not trust himself or does not take the time to develop a character. Instead, he relies on externals such as accents and false nose. One of the only times he didn't do this was "Tomorrow is Forever", where the director gets an excellent, deeply felt achievement out of him. Contrast it with "coercion" where he shows that he is a master of pure technical action as he phones in his performance. Here, Welles makes the quadruple duty - as director, star, co-author and narrator. Sporting a completely unnecessary accent and looking intensely was a quick way to characterize. Nevertheless, he is always convincing. <br /> <br /> The supporting players are excellent, including Sloan and Glenn Anders. Hayworth, beautiful and soft (her song was again called by Anita Ellis) is, as usual, a complete goddess and one of the great screen preferences. What a sad life for such a living beauty. <br /> <br /> Any movie directed by Orson Welles is worth seeing and "The Lady from Shanghai" is no exception. But this leaves the viewer frustrated, like "The Magnificent Ambersons" - just like any work Welles did in the studio system. He was a great artist who should have been given a freer reign; He wasn't. He was a strange dichotomy - he needed more freedom, but as some of his later work showed, he needed the study. Alas, he couldn't have both.
