After the citizens in 1941, Hollywood leaders turned their cob-webbed back on the great Orson Welles. With the exception of Kan, Welles lost all creative control of MAGNIFICENT AMBERSONS, JOURNEY IN FEAR and many other movies to come. Welles was an innovative and creative genius, the most unconventional filmmaker, when Hollywood needed a few. LADY FROM SHANGHAI is another example of the misunderstood perception of Welles' film at the time, a movie that seems a little choppy and non-fluid. It has a conventional 1940's story told in a most unconventional way, and I'm sure some scenes ended up in the floor room. It is now the legend that Columbia Mogul Harry Cohn got up during his first screening and asked what it was about. Gradually, many old blemishes that ran the studios did not have a clue about the biographical techniques and the master story story of Orson Welles, and LADY FROM SHANGHAI is only almost great because of their burglary. <br /> <br /> Besides being probably the greatest director of all time, Welles was also quite a performer as an actor. By 25, we all know what he did as "Charles Foster Kane", perhaps the most famous character in film history. Here he inhabits a rare character of weak white and not much intelligence, something that is not known to those who are familiar with Welles' other great work. Instead of a smooth, clever tongue, he speaks with a rough Irish twang. Rita Hayworth (the unhappy wife at that time) plays an unhappy married wife to a lawyer who puts Welles in magic and is able to draw him to a job that will take him to the limits of deception and disillusionment. He is a big bow that may even have murdered a man, but the real mystery lies in the relationship between Hayworth (with blonde hair) and crumpled her hubby Everett Sloane (Mr. Bernstein from CITIZEN KANE). An eerie partner of Sloane is together for sailing around the country to avert a series of peculiar events that feature Welles' "Michael O'Hara" main spin. Welles tells the picture as O'Hara, but things are still unclear throughout. Look for yourself and realize that it takes at least 2 views to fully know what's going on. <br /> <br /> An uncharacteristic strange legal composition is centered around "O'Hara", where Sloane defends him. It is a strange comic scene with some quirky courtroom methods, including Sloane himself. I really didn't laugh here because the movie was living at this time after a first part that will never leave anyway. Up to this point, the cinematography is great, some scenes are shot with craftsmanship and skills (the aquarium love scene), but there is no separate line drawing of the elements and us, the audience. Occurred, the court scene resumed against Welles' requests (10 close-ups of Hayworth were ordered) and a provisional song sung by the star was thrown into Cohn's insistence. A nice score disturbed Welles, who was once again omitted from the editing process. Thanks Welles himself for saving the movie completely with a turn-the-force ending that will always be appreciated. The so-called "Hall of Mirrors" scene brings buffs back again and again, rightly so. <br /> <br /> It must be seen as being believed, and doing a good job of getting some confusing ideas presented. The breakers of the crackers represent "O'Hara's" disillusionment and the "crazy house" itself is a masterpiece of art and set decoration. It seems more like a state of mind than an actual place and is actually "crazy", twisted and turned like a Dali painting. This is a good ending to an erroneous picture that if it were alone, it would probably have made AFI's Top 100. Then again, 3 or 4 more Orson Welles movies may have made all collective "best of" lists if he had become left to create their own magic. NOTE: Look for the mercury players who are so prominent in Welles images. They jump up everywhere. RATING: 8 out of 10
