These are excerpts from a nine-page "Memo to Mr. Cohn's Mr. Welles", written after Orson had seen studio mogul Harry Cohn's edited version of the picture (he took an hour out): <br /> <br /> ". .. The title music of the preview is written by a first-rate composer, George Antheil, although it is not written for our image, this temporary title music had an atmosphere of darkness and threat combined with something lush and romantic, making it acceptable ... The only musical idea that seems to have taken place for this current composer (Heinz Roemheld), is the little tired of using a popular song - "the theme" - in as many events as possible. Throughout we have musical references to "Please Do not Kiss Me "for almost all bridges and also for a large part of the background material. The voice is pleasant, it can very well on Hit Parade - but Lady from Shanghai is not a musical comedy ... Mr. Roemheld is an avid devotee of an old-fashioned type of scoring, which is now referred to in our stores as "Disney". In other words, if someone falls down, he makes a "fall down" sound in the orchestra, etc. Etc. If the laboratory had scratched initials and phone numbers of the negative, I could not be dissatisfied with results ... Just before I left to travel abroad, I asked Vi (Viola Lawrence, the editor) to make a cut that would imply to lose the nearest accident with the taxi house and also a little dialogue. I am convinced that this would have been an excellent piece ... to save the necessary moves in the slow opening order (it was not done, expecting the biggest weaknesses in the film opening roll) ... There is nothing in it fact that Rita's diving to justify a great orchestra crescendo ... What does matter is Rita's beauty ... the evil overtones suggested by Grigsby's character and Michael's confusion. One or all of these items could have inspired the music. The dives are treated as if it were a big climax or a moment in a stupid symphony: a talk of Pluto Pup or a wild jump in the space of Donald Duck ... There is no good atmosphere on the boat. A little wind and water are very much missed. There is no point in photographing a scene on a real boat, if you make it sound like it all happened in front of a process screen ... At the start of the picnic sequence ... in the temporary score we used a lot curious, sexy latin american tribe ... this has been replaced by a corny "dramatic" sequel - bad things ... This kind of music destroys the quality of the amusement, which is exactly what could have saved Lady from Shanghai from being equal another whodunit ... There is a great musical outbreak after Grigsby's line, "I want you to kill him." This is absurd ... The Hawaiian guitar music coming out of the radio ... should be enough to make a particular satirical point. As it stands, it is on the same level as the rest of the score. No one in the audience might suspect that we are doing fun ... The aquarium water needs more echo. "Please Do Not Kiss Me" is Again! ... A bad dubbing job and poor scoring has destroyed the character of Michael's run down the pier. From the shot to the phone call, a careful pattern of voices was built up with the expense with great time and effort. For some reason, this has all been frightened in favor of a vague hull balo. As a result, the whole sequence seems boring ... The audience must feel at this point with Michael that they might be crazy. The new dubbing job can only make them feel like they might be sleeping ... The pistol fight with the blast mirrors must not be supported with music ... The final music again refers to "Please Do not Kiss Me" ... This final is obvious to the point of vulgarity, and it makes erratic damage to the image. " <br /> <br /> All these edits from Orson were ignored
