When I looked at one of Orson Welles' last contributions to Hollywood as the film maker, I knew I saw a big movie unfold, but at times I didn't know why. The story of The Lady from Shanghai has the main elements of a film noir: average-Joe-lead, femme fatal, eye-catching supporting characters, and an understandable whose somewhat obsolete plot structure. It is an entertaining tour, and it is filled to the well with Welles 'unique gifts as an instructor, but there are scenes that usually do not work, or do not feel complete in what was Welles' full vision (the latter unfortunately is for real executive producer Harry Cohn and Columbia executives are to blame for it). Welles co-stars with his then wife, the deeply beautiful Rita Hayworth, like Mike O'Hara, an Irish worker who can and gets angry with the right people. Hayworth is Mrs. Bannister, married to Mr. Bannister (Everett Sloane, who played Mr. Bernstein in Citizen Kane), who is accompanied by a friend, Mr. Grisby (Glenn Anders, who has great control in the eyes). They want to sail on their yacht and take O'Hara together on the trip, and initially he is reluctant, but agrees that he falls to married wife. As their journey unfolds, O'Hara finds that Bannister and Grisby are not pleasant to be around, and more with Grisby, which initially seems to be out of its gourd. Yet as the plot unfolds, O'Hara is drawn into a scam that Grisby is planning for insurance money with results that I dare not disclose (though they have been discussed over and over by others). <br /> <br /> Whatever happens here and there in the mystery part of the story (and the few remarkable moments where the pictures were studio dictated), the film's performance and appearance is what remains striking after over five and a half years. Although he does not have the amazing Greg Tolland (Kane's DP) by his side, trusted Charles Lawton Jr. Welles create an atmosphere that is both elegant and sharp, covered in shadows, deep focus, low angles, the works. A special achievement is the fun house mirror scene, which is just a highlight among others. Welles himself is always reliable as an actor - although his accent is nothing special - and Hayworth himself makes a scene a bit more lush despite his path in history. Lady of Shanghai is worth checking out, especially for Welles, Hayworth or movie-noir buffs (fans of the Coen brothers can also find this fascinating too). It may just take some time, repeat views (as it was for the Touch of Evil), for the underlying motifs in the plot to sink.
