Seen in Japan, Ashura is the story of demons taking over the earth. The principle is much more complicated, but the archive history should not be forgotten. Japan is in turmoil, with demons possessing human form roaming the countries. In general, demons look and act like humans, but are evil. The Japanese word they use is not only demons, but rather the classic form of 'ogre', which is a mythological being of a certain historical stature. We are talking about creatures that look more like gods than simple ugly child-bearing monsters. <br /> <br /> But in human form, all that is left is the green eyes and green teeth that occur when put under any kind of stress. To save the world from Demons, there are Demon slayers. Trained and skilled warriors who can spot and defeat most any kind of demon, and who moves the passage between hell and the real world. These are the basic rooms. <br /> <br /> The story begins with a festival in a local city. In the midst of these festivities, three men run in, dressed in all black, apparently intent to do harm. The villagers run, except those who are demonic in nature, who turn green eyes and try to kill them. Demon-Slayers end up killing most of the demons. From here, the story becomes interesting. The whole essence of the story begins when, at the gate of hell, a fortune-telling demon appears in front of the 3 gatekeepers revealing the arrival of Ashura. With that comes the end of the man's government and begins the government of demons. However, Ashura requires some form of birth process, where the first step occurred during the opening battle, but which is not revealed to you until you see the movie. The 3 demon-killed are a wise old man, a powerful but unfounded man and a skilled and compassionate warrior. Immediately you can see the split between them, the old man who will stop the demons, the powerful one who wants to bend them to his growing ego maniacal desires and the third seeks to stop the other. Along the way, he meets a woman whom he begins to feel like and has a special relationship with. She is again a brigand who is good-natured, in demand by the authorities. When the two finally meet face to face, he puts his hand on her shoulder, and suddenly she is crazy about a mark on her shoulder. Needless to say, the mark is not a good sign. What follows is a struggle for the earth, a struggle between good and evil, as it should be, but also between good and good. <br /> <br /> The point for me of this movie was something other than what I thought it would. I came into believing it would be either a quick action movie with demons or a horror movie with macabre evil and evil creatures that one could see in Ringu and Ju-on. However, I was wrong in the best possible way. The story seemed to me to be an adaptation of a very old Japanese game and it plays itself as such, combining the essentially action-driven adrenaline scenes with a good concept, a great story and a style that makes you forced to think better than just sit in the gore. Many scenes are painted with luxurious dialogue between two characters, which will never be seen in a Hollywood movie. It becomes a practical theatrical experience that breathes. <br /> <br /> The movie uses some immaculate scenery and camera work that is comparable to many amazing samurai movies of our day, but it adds a well thought out and classic plot. With great plays, good music and thoroughly amazing scenes, it's a must in my book. <br /> <br /> It is said that it needs the disclaimer that it is not for everyone. It's not cheap voltage horror, it's not balls for wall action. It's a scary game that has been filmed. It has a lot to say and takes the time to do what flies in the light of the conventional one-liners. Like Japanese plays, the exchanges between characters can last for many minutes before they come together for a fast, yet great battle scene. If you can enjoy such a thing, this is a masterpiece. If your idea of ​​a good movie is slasherflicks with little plot and excessive nudity then you can easily see something else. <br /> <br /> Overall, this movie is for me a unique and amazing one that keeps you riveted and amused. it has good writing, good acting and good direction. All in all, this is a solid movie.
