I have to admit that I am a little surprised and disappointed by some of the very negative comments that this movie seems to provoke. I think it's a big scary / sci fi movie. Colonel Steve West (Alex Rebar) returns to Earth after a historic space flight to Saturn. While in the room, he attracted some bizarre and unknown diseases. He wakes up in a hospital bed, he looks in a mirror, and for his eyes his face melts! He avoids the supervision of the hospitals and hides in some local forests around a small town. Unfortunately, he begins to develop a fast-growing hunger that can only be satisfied by eating other people. He must feed on human flesh and drink the blood of others to survive! Stalking man prey he begins his terrorism! It is up to his old friend Dr Ted Nelson (Burr DeBenning) to find him and try to help him. He has to work alone as his boss General Perry (Myron Healey) wants it very quiet. Nelson can't even tell his wife Judy (Ann Sweeny). Sheriff Blake (Micheal Alldredge), however, becomes suspicious as General Perry shows up, as some local townspeople start turning up half eaten. I don't really understand why this movie gets such negative reviews, what do people expect? Anyway, I really like this movie. The star of the movie is undoubtedly Rick Bakers Special Make-up and gore effects, which are mostly excellent and the fact that all of their prosthetic effects and no nonsense CGI make them even better. Author and director William Sachs is not afraid to use them either, we get some nice long-standing close-ups of the incredible melting man and they stay very well, even now. Photography, music and direction are a bit boring, but professional enough. The manuscript manages the monster, his images slowly look into Ted Nelson's house, or when he sees his own reflection in some water and reacts violently. The finish, set in a large factory of some kind, is rather unbearable, so don't expect a good ending. Which surprised me. Also, the script doesn't really matter with the premise, he just goes around to melt and kill, with his friend trying to stop him, maybe a little too simple. Personally, I think that the worst part of the movie is close to the start when the cool nurse runs down a hospital corridor in slow motion, her scream is also portrayed in slow motion, it looks and sounds ridiculous! You have to see it to believe it! I like this movie and recommend it to the 70's and 80's horror / sci fi fans. A bit of my favorite.
