First of all, anyone looking for a meaningful "result-oriented" cinema that packs a kind of social message with meaningful ideas and soul-searching dialogue spoken by dedicated, emotional, heartfelt thespians will not leave now. You waste your time and life is short, go to the new Brangelina Jolie movie, grab a good cry, go out and buy a hybrid car or throw your conflict diamonds if it makes you feel better and leave us alone. <br /> <br /> Don't let the door knock you out either. THE INCREDIBLE MELTING MAN is a class B minus regional horror-epic shot in Oklahoma's urban areas by a young, TV-friendly cast & crew, and deals with an astronaut exposed to bizarre radiation effects, waking up in a hospital and finding his body floats on him when he sits there feeling like a chump. The melting man is played by an Alex Rebar, which is recognizable for about the first four minutes of the movie. But when he starts with Oozin 'with Rick Baker's extraordinary special effects makeup, he looks more like something you might find in a look of spam before draining all the sour, viscous bleaches of fat. <br /> <br /> The film has zero exhibit and not bandy about with plot points: There are a few scenes involving scientist types riding around on an absurd industrial transport machine that is obliged to recite some mandatory lines on the effects of radiation, but the film is don't care, really. It's a freak show and a wonderful one there with a certain fun humor for those who can stomach it. A great laugh comes when the merchant stumbles upon a young girl in the woods and then loses to what makes one of his eyes pop out. Hilarious. <br /> <br /> The movie "Hero" is played by Burr DeBenning, a fascinating character actor from the golden 1970s and 80s television scene, which was an early model for the Kevin Spacey prototype; a little twisted, neurotic and one step ahead of most in the room, even though he looks confused. He appeared right after this movie was made in a bizarre made for the TV anthology horror piece called HOUSE OF DEAD (or THE ALIEN ZONE), which is considered one of the finest movies ever made in Oklahoma, which is where I suppose that this movie was made too. The dry, cold-looking rural areas of rural areas are certainly the same, and the creek, which an unfortunate fly fisherman chooses for his afternoon of sports, seems to be the same as Cameron Mitchell's struggle to fly foreign pancakes without warning ... as also had a sick sense of humor, a TV-friendly cast, and some rather outrageous gore. At least I feel at least an aesthetic connection between the three films and LAMBS SILENCE, which is not surprising as director Jonathan Demme is part of MELTING MAN's cast. others have pointed out, this is a 1950s B movie plot updated to the later arsenal's special effects and the inevitable breasts. The movie that it most probably lends is ideas from, PHANTOM FROM SPACE with Peter Graves as an astronaut who also returns to Earth after being exposed to funky radiation effects that killed him on a killing. One of the things I actually admire about the movie is that you definitely do not take into account the motivator's motivation: He simply goes on a rampage and the movie's drama comes from wondering if he is going to break down before certain signs become the victim of his madness. The budget for the film is also very low, and every dime spent on it is up there on the screen, Rick Baker's vile effects get the lion's share of what was spent on this. <br /> <br /> Sick, disgusting fun best enjoyed with a crowd of friends and lots of beer. Why can't people have made more movies like these? <br /> <br /> 8/10
