I have always wanted this comedy as one of the few who have ever tried to handle the US government's annual demand for taxes. Have you ever read a tax code ?: It's right to follow there are more clauses that our congressmen and senators are pushing to help their financial supporters and various interest groups. In spite of the claims that it is fair, the tax code has always put the foliage portion of the burden on the middle and working class instead of the rich and influential. Most of the various special clauses are for their use - review the average 1040 or 1040A form and look at different investment and business activities that all have different rules. Most people will never need them. The story here is that a wealthy landowner (Philip Ober) uses his influence to tip the IRS, as his neighbors (Paul Douglas and Una Merkle) have not paid taxes for 20 years. The Baltimore IRS office is under Fred Clarke, and he speaks to Ober with his influence. He sends Tony Randall to check the situation. <br /> <br /> Randall finds that Douglas, Merkle, and their three girls and two boys are pretty decent people who rarely need cash (they go together on their farm produce and trade with their neighbors). But Randall, who is educated in the clear (for IRS) lines of tax law, tries to establish the family fundamentally. But over time, Douglas notes that Reynolds is proud of Randall and he keeps the sidebar Randall from his work and makes him full. He also makes it difficult for Randall to leave by having his car's engine removed "for repairs" by his two sons. The plot follows the growing attraction and friction between urban areas, vaguely ambitious Randall and landscape, life-love Reynolds. They actually make a sweet couple. Eventually, after Ober complains, Randall is sent back in disgrace, and Clarke (a harder cookie) comes down to brass bars. And come up with a very big tax bill that might ruin Douglas family. <br /> <br /> The movie doesn't end there - it happily ends, but it reminds us that the power of treasure is the power to destroy and that the government is too often in favor of destruction. A chance in a million conversions saves the family, but it's so rare we know it's just a dramatic trick. More realistic is how Clarkes boss (Charles Lane) cuts the essence of Ober's "help" by suggesting that his treasures next year will be examined more carefully. Then Ober is a little green.
