Until the 1990s there had never been a movie based on Jane Austen's "Emma". Then came two in the same year, 1996. Or if you count 1995's "Clueless", which updates Austen's plot to a modern American high school, three in two years. <br /> <br /> The main character is Emma Woodhouse, a young lady from a wealthy family in Regency England. She is economically much better off than most Austen heroines like Elizabeth Bennett or Fanny Price, and does not need to find herself a wealthy man. Instead, her main concern seems to be finding husbands for her friends. She persuades her friend Harriet to make a proposal for marriage from a young farmer, Robert Martin, believing that Harriet should put her sights on the ambitious priest Elton. This scheme goes wrong disastrously when Elton is not interested in Harriet but is in love with Emma herself. The speed at which Emma rejects her proposal is just wondering why she was so eager to match her friend with a man she greeted (for good reason) as an unsuitable marriage partner for herself. This is a Jane Austen plot, and Emma turns out to be less engaged in spinster than she thinks, and she also thinks she falls in love and leads to further complications. <br /> <br /> Today, in 2008, Kate Beckinsale is a Hollywood star, but in 1996 he was barely as well known as Gwyneth Paltrow despite being only a year younger. However, she is as convincing as Austen's well-meaning but often wrong heroine. Beckinsale seems to have a gift for classic roles - she made a lovely hero in Kenneth Branagh's version of "Very Ado about Nothing" - and I sometimes feel that Hollywood could have found more appropriate roles for her instead of wasting her in turkeys such as "Pearl Harbor" or "Underworld". <br /> <br /> I preferred Jeremy Northam to Mark Strong as Emma's love interest, Mr. Knightley, mainly because he came closer to my own notion of character as a gentleman chivalrous elderly man, in some ways more of a character to Emma than a lover. (His last name is probably meant to indicate that his 19th-century gentleman's gentleman liked to think of himself as the modern equivalent of medieval knights with their elaborate correspondence codes). Strong tendency to break down the issue of age difference (he is 37, 21 years old) and makes Knightley more of a passionate lover and less of a clever mentor than Northam. Samantha Morton (another actress who would move on to bigger things) is perhaps closer to the novel's Harriet than Toni Collette. <br /> <br /> This was the smaller size of the two versions made for television rather than the cinema, and the sets and costumes seem less lavish, and there are fewer big names among the casts. Costume drama, however, is generally something that British television does well, and this version can certainly keep itself with the movie version; Both are entertaining and well-made versions of Austen's novel. 10.7
