Many critics have felt offended that R. W. Fassbinder has portrayed both protagonist Wilkie and the Nazis in this film in a human way. Connoisseurs of other Fassbinder films will realize, however, that "Lili Marleen" (1981) belongs to Fassbinder's "women movies" as "Maria Braun's Marriage" (1979) and "Lola" (1981). Fassbinder was convinced that "stories can be told much better with women than in men" because, according to Fassbinder, while men usually fulfill their solid roles in society, "women can think of dialectically". Dialectics, however, mean that not only is a thesis and its antithesis as normal in our black-and-white world, but a synthesis in which the contradictions coincide. In addition, dialectics means that because of the third occurrence of synthesis, the absolute resistance between the difference between thesis and antithesis is abolished. Specifically, from a dialectical point of view and from the fascist state, the underground warriors must necessarily use the basic means that the rulers do, and between offenders and victims there is thus a chaotic relationship so that any offender is also a victim and every sacrifice is also lawbreaker. Fassbinder has illustrated this abstract scheme that transcends classical logic in its play "The City, The Garbage and the Death" (1975), which was filmed by Daniel Schmid under the title "Shadow of Angels" (1976). <br /> <br /> Therefore, a priori controversial issue such as Nazi Germany approaches dialectically that the picture of this time in the form of a movie becomes even more controversial, especially for people who cannot or will not see ours Recognition of the world is by far not exhausted with a primitive light switch, but needs the third instance of synthesis as the controlling occurrence of its opposite members thesis and antithesis. The mutual relationship between offenders and victims must be investigated as it is simply not true that offenders are the bad and the victims the good. In a synthetic point of view, the bad ones participate in the goodness, as the good ones participate in the evil. They are mutually related. In a world history based on classical logic, a relationship between good and evil cannot even be established, and in an ethics based on this inadequate logic system, the Nazi German survivor's bad conscience, feels (illogical) responsible for the actions of their ancestors precludes the possibility of a relationship between the two extremes and thus a synthesis in the form of a new evaluation based on this relationship also. From Fassbinder's dialectical point of view, it follows that neither Lili Marleen nor Lola or Maria Braun can be condemned for their "abuse" by the government system for their private purposes because they do not abuse them, they use them only. Otherwise, the victims must repeat the actions of the offense as the offenders must repeat the victims' actions because "good" and "bad" are no longer simple mirror images of each other as in binary logic, their strategies are legitimized by the chiastic structure of a logic describing our world, it is not black and white at all, much better than a black and white logic.
