As winter approaches, our state-owned television company, ABC, is for some reason approaching a partial Jane Austen Festival on Sunday evenings. This started with a twelve-year movie length version of "Emma" last Sunday; Newer versions of three other novels, "Persuasion", "Northanger Abbey" and "Mansfield Park" come. <br /> <br /> The curious thing about this production of A & E Television Networks, with script by the eternally reliable Andrew Davies, is that it seemed almost simultaneous with two much larger budget movie versions, a lead star Gwyneth Paltrow and "Clueless", a "modernized" version with starring Alicia Silverstone, who transported the plot to Beverly Hills. Perhaps as a result, even with Kate Beckinsale in the lead, this production sank without trace. <br /> <br /> As a general rule, much is lost when novels are shrunk to fit movie length. The customizations that tend to both enjoy and remember are those that have enough space to develop both history and characters. An excellent example is "Brideshead Revisited" which had 13 50 minute episodes back in 1982. You only have to compare the very common movie length version of "Pride and Prejudice" in 2005 with the brilliant 1995 six-part TV mini series. It is not that a novel should be filmed side by side, and some novels (often not very good) adapt to movies wonderfully ("Reconciliation" is a recent example), but short stories of Jane Austen sorting need some time and room to exercise their full charm. Considering the shortcomings of this type of adaptation, this production is OK. Kate Beckinsale gives Emma the right mix of assertiveness and vulnerability, and Mark Strong is a fair Mr Knight (he reminded me that Jane tended to reuse characters? Knightly is a more articulated version of the moody Darcy from P & P ). Samantha Morton was a pretty soft Harriet, but Prunella Scales got blabbermouth Miss Bates perfect ?? Sybil Fawlty at speed. Bernard Hepton as Emma's weak father was also excellent. We saw the humid landscape, the mud and the poverty as well as the skilled interior if anyone thought this was a particularly idyllic age for everyone. Although it was a condensed fit, it was strangely slow in places ?? some of the conversations were rather silent, even allowing the time formalities. I have to look at the movie again to be sure, but it may be due to the use of reaction shots. <br /> <br /> If you like filmed period stuff, this is a perfect example and compares well to the Paltrow version. Anyway, there's more to come!
