Rumor has it that around the time when ABBA? The many award-winning Swedish disco favorites' star had reached its object, the band grew disillusioned with song in English and longed to perform in their native language. Shortly afterwards, the problems began to emerge in the one-time locked waterproof partnership, and recordings became smaller and less frequent. The band dissolved, although unofficially, in 1982 and pop lost one of its most famous artists. Although they have never admitted that there is any truth in these rumors, it is nonetheless that ABBA would never have been so successful if they had only recorded in their mother tongue. If you want to appeal to the largest money market in the world, then you should take into account the English speaking audience. It is amazing to me how such a small island, a stone's throw away from the European continent, could have created perhaps the most recognized but not the most widely used language in the world. Everyone speaks a little English; whether it is simply 'hi' or a common word of word - you find an English speaker almost everywhere. Of course, Pedro Galindo did not agree, because Trampa Infernal never became a global consumption subtitle until it was released recently on the budget DVD. It's a shame because it's actually a decent slasher film that's much better than many of its English-speaking genre compatriots. <br /> <br /> The film is launched in a slightly unknown area of ​​a gun duel. Two unidentified characters appear by sneaking around a counterfeit complex seeking each other for the inevitable final showdown. After some excitement and a couple of headaches, one of the pistols comes to victory. Next, we learn that they were only paintball guns, and the two competitors are actually young from the local city. Nacho and Mauricio are the toughest rivals, and Mauricio always tries to prove himself better than his soft-talking opponent, but so far he hasn't succeeded. <br /> <br /> Later that evening, while the victorious pistols celebrate their triumph with his girlfriend Alejandra and his friend Charly, Mauricio enters the bar and says he has a final challenge for his glorious nemesis. He says this will be the competition that will show to the city once and for all who deserve the utmost respect. Nacho is first reluctant because Alejandra warns him of the dangers of constant competitiveness, but he eventually leaves behind the weight of peer press and agrees; much to the sense of its morally superior partner. They are planning to head out to the remote region of Filo de Caballo because recent press coverage has reported that many people have been slaughtered by what the locals believe to be an evil bear. Mauricio suggests that whoever kills the animal can be considered the greatest, and he also promises that it will be the last battle he runs against his opponent. <br /> <br /> After visiting the porch to store weapons and ignore the warnings of the older shopkeeper, the group went out of the secluded forest remoteness. Hunters are hunted as they learn that the "bear" is actually a homicid Vietnam veterinarian who is still unaware that the war has ended and regards all people as his enemy. What started out as a competitive adventure suddenly becomes a blow to survival as they are stalked and slaughtered by the vicious assassin. <br /> <br /> I took up Trampa while studying in Madrid from a Mexican student living in the dorm next door to me I remember the copy I saw was flawed and the tape ended about. 10 minutes before the final credits rolled, which meant I never saw the final scenes. Luckily, I came across the budget DVD recently on Amazon and immediately added it to my collection. <br /> <br /> Gallindo's slasher is a surprisingly good bet that stands out from its skillful direction and enthusiastic plot that tries to cover areas that are not normally aimed at slasher movies. In fact, it's so good that it reminded me of more than an opportunity for Arnold Schwarzenegger's classic Predator. This is especially evident in the scenes that show the eerily masked assassin jogging through the woods and stalking the panic-struck troop as they fight to escape the galaxy playground. Despite Gallinda's obvious awareness of genre flutter (the bogeyman even uses a claw-fingered glove to leave Freddy Kruegar); Trampa also tries to add something other than the default template. While the majority of runtime plays according to the category's concrete rules, the final third reveals a significant step in individuality as the maniacs themselves move with a machine gun and lure the hero to his team for the final showdown. With this, the movie quickly changes genres and becomes almost an action movie that depends on your taste, will either experience or disappoint you. The last slasher who tried to cross the two styles was the creepy eighties "The Majorettes", which is not necessarily a good thing. As is the case with many Latin films (especially Spanish flicks of Almodovar and Amenabar), Trampa has a subtle undercurrent of morality to his story, which is successfully conveyed without being hit in the viewer's neck. Over pamper the temptations for competitive masculinity, and you can't always be the winner. It is a sugar-coated item, but it is handled delicately enough not to detract from the fun of the function. <br /> <br /> Trampling can be cheesy, but it deserves to be seen and recognized as one of the better late slashers. The killer looks good in scary army fatigue and white Valentine-style mask and attempts at originality just about work. It may lack the kind that most sincere horror fans enjoy, but it has enough in terms of excitement and creativity to justify at least one view.
