Brilliant adaptation of the novel, which became famous, struck relatives of Chilean President Salvador Allende. In the environment of a large estate that derives from the ruins, becomes a force for the abuse and exploitation of indignation, a luxury property for the benefit of established Esteban Trueba and his undeserved family, recreates the glorious Danish director Bille August in micro, which at that time would be the process that led to his greatest story for the hardened Chilean nation and whose main character would be Augusto Pinochet (Stephen's resemblance to it is inevitable: remember, for example, a picture of the senator with dark glasses that makes him blink to the general to start making the castle). Bille August participates in an unusual casting of the Jeremy radiant Irons, whose character changes from arrogance and extreme cruelty, the difficult lesson, life always brings us to force us to change. In Esteban, the law of enforcement fully utilizes, with great wisdom, Solomon in these words: "The things that leap are the same punishment that will serve you." <br /> <br /> Unforgettable Glenn Close plays splinters, Stephen's contaminated sister, whose sin, driven by loneliness, spiritual and platonic love, was his cruel brother's wife. Meryl Streep also brilliant, a woman whose name came to him as a glove Clara. With telekinetic powers, cognitive and mediumistic, this hardened woman is loyal to her dumb, conservative man an indicator of character and self-control that we desire for ourselves and for all people. <br /> <br /> Each character is a portrait of virtuosity (like Blanca worthy of rebel leader Pedro Segundo unhappy ...) or a portrait of humility, as Stephen Jr., the senator's bastard, serving as a boomerang return instrument . <br /> <br /> The movie moves the intestines, we recreated some facts that should never ever be repeated, but it happens absurdly enough (Colombia is a dull example) and another reminder that life is wonderful because there is always people like Isabel Allende and immortalize just Bille August.
