Filmed by MGM on the same set as the English version, but in German, Garbo's second portrayal of "Anna Christie" benefited from practice and her apparent ease with German dialogue. Garbo looks more relaxed and natural under Jacques Feyder's direction than under Clarence Browns, and her silent film patterns have all disappeared, making her sound transition complete. The strength she has brought to the character is here, even though it has been softened, and Garbo reveals more of Anna's vulnerability. The whole cast, with the exception of Garbo, differs from the previous version of the movie, and Garbo takes advantage of not competing with Marie Dressler, who stole all the scenes she was in in the English language version. In Feyder's film, Garbo pays attention even though the three supporting players, especially the father, gave excellent performances. Feyder's direction was more secure than Clarence Browns, and his use of the camera and editing techniques did not seem to be limited by the new sound process like Browns. The film moves more fluidly than the English language adaptation, and the static nature of the first film has been replaced by a stream that preserves the viewers' interest. Even William Daniel's movie seems to be better than his filming of the brown version. He captured Garbo's luminescence and the atmosphere of the harbor towns in style. The screen adaptation to the European audience also made Anna's profession clear from the start, and the explicit manages for viewers who were not familiar with the drama about what was only implicit in the Brown movie. However, the film was made before the production code was introduced, which made the censorship confusing. <br /> <br /> Garbo's Oscar nomination for "Anna Christie" was always a little bit mystifying, and I assumed that the nikken was given more in recognition of her relatively smooth transition to sound film than to her performance. But some of the academic voters may have seen the German-language version of the film, and they, like today's viewers, understood that her "Anna Christie" under Feyder's direction was absolutely worthy of Oscar.
