After Garbo's introduction to sound in Clarence Brown's "Anna Christie", Jacques Feyder made a German version of the film, where all the castes, except Garbo, were different. While the US version is still more accessible in the United States, and most of the American viewers have seen this version primarily, Germna "Anna Christie" is more likely to be seen in Europe. As I have seen both films, I feel right to compare the two close productions. Is Jacques Feyder's film different? Is it better than Clarence Browns? <br /> <br /> In this analysis, I would like to focus first on what the two films have in common. They have even seen very similar scripts and the same chronologically presented scenes. Here you will also find the story of the young woman coming back to her father after many years of absence and trying to start a new life. Here you also have the humorous, but slightly shorter order in the amusement park. But when I focus on Garbo myself, I treat the first difference. She does not seem to create such a curiosity while talking. The viewer concentrates more on her action than in the way she speaks, which probably happened to 1931 viewers. Garbo was very good at American movies and she is also very good here. But for me she seems even more genuine in the German version. It is noteworthy that Garbo does not focus on the way she says the words so much (the effort artificially created by the sensation: GARBO TALKS!). Her German is not very well spoken; but no one cares: everything is completely understood. Therefore, I can easily say the same thing I did in my American version comment: Scale Greta Garbo! <br /> <br /> However, the film differs in a very important issue: the rest of the cast. Here's the question: Which depiction seems more captivating, which is better secure? The differences are filled with varieties. Salka Viertel (or Salka Steuerman), Garbo's lifelong friend, does not do as well as Marie Dressler in the role of Marthy Owens. She is not bad, she is different, sometimes overcomes (from today's perspective), but is no longer genuine in the role of Marie Dressler, who still amuses us and whose moments have definitely been a time test. Some people even claim that Dressler was better than Garbo in the movie and that the statement obviously seems questionable, carries some truth. Theo Shall is more sympathetic than Matt than Charles Bickford, but when it comes to him, it's not about performance as much as the feeder of appearance. Who shines in the German "Anna Christie" who is really worth the most attention is Hans Junkermann in the role of Chris Christopherson, Anna's father. George F. Marion vs. Hans Junkermann is like a day vs. night difference. Junkermann portrays a genuine alcoholic abuser, a man with hopes, with fears that exaggerate his daughter's care. The place for Anna's first meeting with her father is truly magnificent, the opening hours of Chris's conversation with Marthy are memorable, especially thanks to his facial expressions and flawless performance. Junkermann is Chris who you like who you occasionally laugh at, which you sympathize with, leaving a picture of a calm alcoholic sailor in your mind. Great! <br /> <br /> If you have seen the American "Anna Christie" and have a chance to get the German version, I would highly recommend you this movie because it is a slightly different look on the story, a fine and precise way of comparing, a fine enrichment for Clarence Brown's film and, above all, a wonderful opportunity to discover a performance wonder: Hans Junkermanns. Scale or Prost, Hans Junkermann!
