Fragile Carne, just before his big period. Although sometimes hesitant and horrified by longueurs, HOTEL DU NORD is filled with the faded charm and beauty typical of French films from the late 1930s, as well as a relatively light touch that is unusual with this Manager. All his good virtues are here: the cramped interior broken by gliding, complex, delicious camera movements; a melancholy development of light and shadow; remarkable, wistful set of Alexander Trauner that is so evocative that those whose title suggests take on a shaping personality; Maurice Jaubert's silent mournful music; a seemingly informal plot of romance, tragedy and fatalism that casts a string over its characters; extraordinary performances by some of the greatest players at all times, in this case Louis Jouvet and Arletty. <br /> <br /> In fact, the movie's biggest failing is, and I find myself amazed (as one who usually didactically minimizes its importance) to admit it is its script. It has lots of gentle and poignancy, but without the poetry and irony of regular Carne collaborator Jacques Prevert brought to their best movies, it cannot fail to slip into the cliche (although it is only cliché in retrospect). <br /> <br /> Apparently, the film enters the guest house and sets its opening hours for the community with two coherent stories of condemned love and emotional, metaphysical, and actual isolation. The doomed love scenario is what works the least well. Annabella is very pretty, but not very good at doing tragically, while Aumont's cry, brilliantly appropriate, though it may be, by nature, matures any true, felt, romance. Maybe it's just me, but I find it hard to sympathize with a couple, so young, as attractive, that in a few months become so desperate of despair that they have to shoot each other. Their high flute lines are also quite embarrassing. Of course, this affair is not supposed to be plausible - they are symbolic of youth, hope and opportunity to be crushed in France, or perhaps France itself, despairing, stepping down and waiting for death. For symbols to be truly powerful, they must convince themselves of a narrative level that I feel they are not entirely here. What saves this plot is its connection to the story of M. Edmond, a sign associated with the great tradition of French gangsters. Although we only learn it gradually, he is a murderer of hiding and living by the prostitute who is played by Arletty, having been in his accomplices. In his former 'role' - and the theatricality of his position is crucial - he had a set of traits; in hiding he has assumed their complete opposite. Living a rather speechless life, he is deeply shaken by the love pact and becomes fatalistic and understands the folly of trying to cheat death. In this way, concession is one less a person than a collection of characters, and that death is an inevitable reality, the most powerful masculinity has to undermine - Edmond is like a romantic prototype of Melville's clinical killers. With one exception - he gives short to hope, a delusion that only strengthens - if not too much of an unbearable irony - his fatal decision. All this could have been a pity if it was not for Louis Jouvet's amazing performance. I had studied his theatrical work in college, but it was my first taste of his screen talents, and he reveals to be worthy of the great guys - Grant, Mastroianni, Clift, Mason, Mitchum, Cotten - give a quiet nobility to a role more of a conception (he is of course also allegorical) than an actual person. Edmond begins the film as a less supportive character, but appears to be a tragic one of a certain strength. Like all the big players, Jouvet's brilliance lies in what he hides. <br /> <br /> At a formal level, what astonishes, Carne's grip, ten years before it flourishes, is about the techniques of the major Hollywood melody frames in Sirk, Ophuls, Ray and Minnelli. Though his theatricality lacks the fluid and clear eyes of the beauty of Sierck's contemporary German melodramas (check out the masterpieces ZU NEUEN UFERN and LA HABENERA), Carne's style really suits his theme - capture, paralysis, departure. <br /> <br /> The movie's main motif is the water - the credits float and dissolve, the hotel stands by a waterway - but instead of Renoir's open river of opportunity, we have a canal, stagnant and man-made that goes nowhere. The movie begins when it ends, and the setting never changes, except for a short space of time, from which both flights are doomed to return. Signs can only escape through death - their entrapment is emphasized by the narrow spaces they occupy, the walls and frames that hold them in captivity, the windows that look like an escape they can never reach. Any hope at the end is therefore deep, if it is romantic, compromised.
