Candidate leader Ching Siu Tung's perhaps most popular achievement is this series, A Chinese Ghost Story 1-3. Chinese Ghost Story stars Leslie Cheung in some distant past in China as a tax collector who is forced to spend a night during his "rally" in a mysterious castle where some strange ancient warriors are fighting and meeting him. The beautiful actress Joey Wang / Wong is the ghost who lives in the castle and is under a dominance of a powerful demon, a tree dancer who gathers human souls for himself using his beautiful ghosts. Leslie and Joey fall in love, and although ghosts are not allowed to live with people, they decide to break that rule and live happily together for the rest of their lives. This is not what the tree man thinks, and our protagonists must fight for their lives and their happiness. <br /> <br /> This movie is no less full of magic than other films by Ching Siu Tung. His masterpieces include Duel to the Death (1983) and the Swordsman series, all of which have incredible visual and kinetic power in their action scenes. Ghost Story is full of brilliant light and dark atmosphere, shining through the strong presence of the beautiful and willing ghost. The effects are simply breathing and would work on their greatest power in the big screen. The camera is moving and twisting all the time and it adds to the adventure atmosphere this movie has. There are also lots of wire'fu stunts, and although some think they are and look free or stupid when used in movies, I can't agree and think they give movie pictures that kind of magic, freedom and creativity which any other tool could not provide. When people fly in these movies it means that the movies are not just about our world, and they usually show things that are greater than life with the power of this greater than the art of life. <br /> <br /> The story of the power of love is rather touching and warm, but the problem is (again) that the characters are a little too low and seem inexplicably occasionally. Leslie and Joey should have been written with greater care, and their characters should be even more warm, deep and genuine to give history greater power, thus making the film even more remarkable and important. The message of love and power is also emphasized a little too much at some point, and it should have been left to the viewer's mind to be interpreted and found. Another negative point about the dialogue is that it is too much and people are talking in this movie for no reason. It is very annoying and unfortunately shows the mistakes many scriptwriters tend to make when writing their movies. People talk and talk only, and that's all there to make everything as easy to understand as possible, and then the movie is not too challenging or credible, as it has this free element. Just think of the films by Japanese filmmaker Takeshi Kitano; His movie has very little dialogue, and everything there is is all that is needed when he tells his stuff through other cinema tools and never speaks or makes other signs to speak too much in his movie. This is just the talent the authors need to be able to write larger scripts. <br /> <br /> Otherwise, Chinese ghost story is very beautiful and visual inhalation of some Eastern cinema, and also the song played in movies is very beautiful and hopefully earned some price in Hong Kong movie prices again. I give Chinese Ghost Story 7/10 and without the above errors, this would no doubt be almost the perfect masterpiece of the fantasy genre.
