Occasionally, there is a movie that raises the bar to all other movies in its genre. A movie of this caliber will affect many movies after its release in the coming years. `A Chinese Ghost Story 'falls into this category. It is undoubtedly one of the best horror movies made during the 1980s; possibly one of the best ever made. <br /> <br /> Filmmakers have made a movie that appeals to any horror fan. The story is exciting and original. The bad guys are appropriately threatening and scary. The seats are creepy and atmospheric. There is even a little blood and do to satisfy the house's splatter fan. But don't let the "horror" mark scare you if you're not a fan of the genre. This film fits easily into many different categories. Screenwriter has mixed dramatic, comedy, horror, kung fu and Romanesque genres into a delicious deluxe cinematic pizza. "A Chinese Ghost Story" is a beautiful epic love story told, fortunately without the gracious nudity and / or explicit sex scenes that have destroyed many Hollywood "love stories". The discouraged by the romantic elements of history can sit back and save in the sword and 'wire-fu'. If that's not enough, the actors Leslie Cheung and Wu Ma will probably give humorous situations to saturate your appetite for comedy. This movie offers something for every movie fan. Conductor Siu-Tung Ching and producer Tsui Hark gathered a truly amazing cast for this movie. Leslie Cheung proves that he is not only a gifted actor, but also a talented singer and a charming physical comedian. I might not think of a performer other than Cheung who could have portrayed Ling Choi Sin better (except perhaps Chow Yun Fat). Joey Wang is enchanting as Light Su Seen, the slavery that steals the heart of Cheung's character. Her portrayal of the title character is really haunting and memorable. Wu Ma is fun as the cantankerous taoist who helps the young lovers. <br /> <br /> At the technical level, this movie is very impressive, even at today's standards. The direction is amazing. I want today's Hollywood leaders to seek talented artists such as Siu-Tung Ching, who rather fall back on the usual MTV video or Pepsi-commercial `directors'. The cinematography is beautiful. You must praise any filmmaker who can make a movie look good when most of his key scenes take place during the night's death. Special effects make-up is top-notch. In fact, most of the creative effects of this movie are blowing the scary CGI ghouls and goblins that have become common in modern horror movies. Since its release, "A Chinese Ghost Story" has created two worthy sequels, a full-length animated movie and countless imitations. However, none of the films that followed it or copied it could capture the classic magic. This movie is required viewing for any horror fan or just someone looking for a great way to spend 95 minutes of your time. 10 out of 10. <br /> <br />
