In 1987, Hong Kong had given the world such films as Sammo Hung's 'Encounters of the Spooky Kind' Chow Yun Fat in John Woo's iconic "A Better Morning", "Zu Warriors" and the classic "Mr Vampire". Jackie Chan had international success on video, but it was with 'A Chinese Ghost Story' that the HK cinema had its first true crossover theatrical hit in the West for many years. <br /> <br /> Western movie players had never seen anything like it. It was a film that took various ingredients that the HK cinema had been using for years (flying swordman, wildly choreographed martial arts and the supernatural) and blended them into creating a film that was unique in its look, feel and performance. Forget the poor and unnecessary successors that emerged, this is the original and the best. Director Siu-Tung Ching (still best known as an action choreographer on films such as Woo's 'A Better Tomorrow 2' / 'The Killer') has created a masterpiece of Fantasy / Horror cinema under the watchful eye of legendary producer Tsui Hark. And with such an expert crew member available (no less than 6 martial arts coordinators), the chances of the movie being anything but wonderful, are unthinkable. Editors of the incredibly productive David Wu (who wrote / directed "The Bride With White Hair 2" and edited such classic titles as "A Better Tomorrow 1/2/3", "Hardboiled" and the cult "The Club") are simply a genius work. His design of the perfectly choreographed high-flying trekking sword battles makes them some of the best HK cinemas ever created. Fast moving, foreign, but never confusing, even today they are the highlight of their art. <br /> <br /> The crew of filmographers have also done miracles. This is a movie where each shot is a professionally crafted painting. How wonderful, blue-haired night sequences shrouded in an eternal ghost canopy are the breathtaking platform for our history to unfold. It's a movie where everything is used to weaving a dreamless beauty. Even silk garments and dresses worn by Hsiao Tsing become live parts of the movie, whether they be romantic sequences or battle scenes, it always streams the current silk over the screen. Even a simple scene where Hsiao Tsing changes clothes becomes a fluttering beauty like any skill on the set combinations to create a most memorable scene from such a simple act. The sets are also amazing, giving another worldly feel to the forests, and the temple and the hardness of the burnt, flagged trap area in hell to the amazing finale. Production design by Zhongwen Xi deserves the highest praise. Another important factor for movie success is the music of Romeo Diaz and James Wong. Hong Kong movies have given us some great music and songs that have added so much to the success of a sequence, but on 'A Chinese Ghost Story', music is simply crucial. From the opening song in the future, the music becomes as important as the characters. <br /> <br /> The result is a perfect blend of modern and traditional instruments. Drums, bells and guitars pound away the action sequences to great effect, but it is in the slower, painfully romantic pieces that it enters into its own. Here; Flutes, strict and female coral effects create what may be the finest pieces of music heard in a HK movie. Add to this female vocal, amazingly beautiful song that plays over the love production of Tsau-shen and Hsiao Tsings (nothing is ever seen, but the effect is wonderful. This is lovingly innocent movie romance) and you have a shining example of power a movie music can Garden. <br /> <br /> And of course we have the acting talent. Leslie Cheung (`A better morning 1 & 2 'and a very popular singer) is excellent as the innocent tax collector. His work in the (luckily gentle) comics is never over the top, and his scenes with Joey Wang are played with just the right amount of passion and innocence. <br /> <br /> Joey Wang (who will later be rejuvenated to support roles in films such as Chow Yun Fat / Andy Lau's classic "The Gamblers") has never seen more brilliant than how she does here. She is the epitome of ethereal beauty. Her portrayal of the tragic Hsiao Tsing is amazing. She shows her characters sadness over what she has become and what she is made to do, but also gives a subtle eroticism in the scenes, luring the men to their cruel deaths. Veteran actor Wu Ma (`Mr. Vampire ',` Swordsman') is fun as the wise, brave, but always so grumpy, Yen. He enters a fine line between the eccentric and the annoying with practiced ease. And what could easily have been a sign that could have damaged the movie is actually wonderfully entertaining and memorable. <br /> <br /> But what about monsters and beasties? I hear you cry. Well, they range from the rather raw but fun stop motion / animatronic zombies that are in the temple (resulting in a great running gag with constantly banned attempts to munch on the entertaining unsuspecting Tsau shen) to the rather cheesy one surprisingly effective Lord Black. Complete with an arsenal of evil flying heads, and quite excellent wire work. Most of them have so far never been topped. <br /> <br /> But the most outstanding effect and creation is the tree spirit's lapel. We first encounter this thing with an 'Evil Dead' style rushing camera effect as it crashes its victims throats to deliver a deadly French kiss that makes the victims of zombie-fed husks. But later it is shown in all its crazy glory. It can grow so big and slowly that it shoots through the woods after prey, rips apart trees, wraps around buildings and reels it's slimy length around people before they are chosen and throws them against tree trunks !! It can even split open to reveal a fang full mouth! It is an outrageous idea that, in view of the deeply romantic main drawing, it should not work. But that makes it a fantastic and unforgettable effect. So what all this adds to is a classic example of Hong Kong film making. A real team effort that has given us a truly groundbreaking film. It's a movie filled with humor, invention, action, monsters, martial arts, ghosts, amazing ideas, lush visual images, beautiful music and most importantly it's enduring charm, one of the most moving romances in the cinema.
