I first saw this movie when it was transferred around 1988 by the BBC when I was working at Britain's 2000AD. My buddy Steve Parkhouse recorded it on VHS and sent it to me. Until that time I had really only seen the Shaw Bros kung fu movies with their hard lighting (so the audience could see the movements clearly) so it was a revelation for me to see something that looked like it had been lit by Ridley Scott coming out of Hong Kong. This was also my first exposure to film by Tsui Hark (apparently pronounced "Choy Huk"). <br /> <br /> But for all the smoky, backward-looking outward and ambitious special effects (Stop-motion? In a Hong Kong movie?) At the heart of the Chinese GHOST STORY lies a simple and moving love story that has become more true of the excellent play by Leslie Cheung (which tragic, tragic waste of a life!) and the beauty and elegance of Joey Wong. Granted Joey is beautiful, but it is her ballet gestures that give her character an unattainable erotica that is difficult to analyze. And even though Joey is almost 20 years older (gawd, which of us isn't?) This will always be the lasting image of that actress. <br /> <br /> Some reviewers have said that the movie is simplified and lacks surprises, but they lack the fact that this movie was based on a famous Chinese story written by Pu Songling around 1700! It's a bit like complaining that Romeo and Juliet have a predictable ending and just copy the WEST SIDE STORY. (Just wanted to get it out of my chest!) For me, Chinese GHOST STORY is the quintessential romantic tale. It has great tragedy because we know that Chio Sin and Sin Seen can never be together. It's about becoming mature, because neither of us can mature until we have experienced great losses. It's about victims, because victims are an essential component of true love. And comedy styling by Wu Ma doesn't do anything either. <br /> <br /> Enjoy Chinese GHOST STORY by not trying to see it through a filter of Western culture and you will continue to do it just fine.
