Joan Fontaine here is absolutely convincing as an amoral beauty that is totally incapable of feeling love for others than herself. Her husband (Richard Ney) has lost all his money through a combination of his stupidity and her extravagance, and they are reduced to living in a small room with little or no prospect. They continue to put on the most amazing clothes and go out and socialize as if nothing was wrong. He is a charming, feckless, but quite gracious guy. However, Fontaine decides to go as he has survived his usefulness. So she decides to poison him when she realizes that he will not divorce her so that she can continue. She has in the meantime had a lover (Patric Knowles) whom she decides to drop because he is not rich either. She meets the aging Herbert Marshall, who has a yacht with all trim and more money than Fontaine could find out how to use. She targets him and decides that he will do well. He is too eager to be eaten by the young beauty. He is certainly not very exciting, and has as much sex complaints as yesterday's omelette. But Fontaine is one of the gals who only has eyes for money, and the man stands between her and it is transparent so she doesn't even notice or care what he looks like, she looks through him and sees what she really wants and go for it. She continues to poison her husband and sends him very nicely and satisfactorily, so everything goes well. But as always happens in the movies, and sometimes in life, some unexpected things start to go wrong, and the excitement rises considerably, so Fontaine begins to sweat. Fontaine is particularly good at seeing evil and frightened, and as the web begins to engage her, her growing sense of desperation is palpable and has us on the edges of our seats. Hysteria and fear take over from cool calculation and cunning. But she finds a successor to her crime in the person she is overthrowing, who is an innocent victim of her scheme to set him up. He is sentenced to death for murder, because the husband's death by poison came to be unexpected. But Sir Cedric Hardwicke, who plays an ugly Scotland Yard inspector, thinks there may be something wrong and begins to doubt the story and suspects Fontaine. He shuts in on her, and some of the scenes like this are inspired portraits of the wildest panic. But will the life of the innocent be saved before he is executed? Will Fontaine worm her out of this? Will Herbert Marshall Protect Her to Protect Her Disgrace? This film is academically directed by Sam Wood, and the film is a truly awesome thrill thriller that I suppose qualifies very well for the description of a superior movie noir.
