I have just looked at this great good-natured parody of the live days of the night, and I have to say that it was so horrible and so the corner, it was excellent. This film incorporated all the antiques and scenes the original had, including the cemetery, the suppository abandoned house, the basement and the front lawn. What I especially love about this movie is the comical use of bread and all the common household enemies have reluctance. Let us know that toasters, toaster ovens and zippers have made bread in a dozen times, and now we need to call their help to defeat the revived bread. Apart from the cheap plays and voice-overs, this short horror movie is my personal favorite parody of Night of the Living Dead, even better than Night of Living Dead 1990. I think what makes this movie worth watching , how the authors and directors used all the dialogue from the original film and turned it on bread, including how bread was revived and to avoid leftovers because they are particularly dangerous. Another great reason why I love this movie is that there is no exception to what bread is evil, bagels are evil and even communions are evil, as demonstrated by a hilarious scene involving a news machine and a court monotonous priest. I think the actors are particularly humorous, performing the act of being visibly attacked by pieces of bread (ie the car scene). I think the end is very worth sticking around. Although this is short and that "Night of the Day of Tomorrow's Son's Bride's Son's Day Return to the Revenge of Terror" The Evil, Mutant, Alien, Meat Eating, Hellbound, Zombified Living Dead Part 2: In shocking 2-D " It is yet another great parody, it is still recommended as a great scare parody done by what seems to be college filmmakers.I highly recommend this movie to anyone who is able to make fun of Night of the Living Dead and still have respecting the filmmakers, I would also recommend this movie to anyone who loves D movies and horror parody, it is just a wonderful little short horror movie that is fun to watch and learn.
