The sea is watching was an interesting movie experience. First of all, the general feeling was intense, internalized, claustrophobic and small. Each frame seemed to be a photograph of something inside, something very focused and not part of a larger picture. It was obvious what we should look at in each frame. The characteristics of the set contributed to the feeling of smallness and intensity. The lights along the middle of the road cut the road half way, and the little gate to the small settlement followed by the little and few cubby holes that served as the companies that made up what seemed to be the whole city. Even the sea view was framed by a small landing, where you can count the number of longer grasses that swung in the wind. No panoramic view. In fact, it reminded me of the Montmarte sequence of the Moulin Rouge, where the camera mistakenly focuses on the windmill again creating a feeling of a small area where everything happens. <br /> <br /> While the play was acceptable considering I really couldn't see how the lines were really delivered, I felt the actions were overly melodramatic and nonsensical. Why Kikuno would continue to do the way she did when Fusanosuke announced her imminent marriage really didn't work? People had not really changed so much, and the character Kikuno was so strong and elastic that even though they were busy taking O-shin's business into nothing, the reaction seemed out of character and unnecessary and distracting. Another example of odd action was when Kikuno's drunk boyfriend appeared, and Ryosuke decided to intervene and was pushed down the stairs, the way he got up and threateningly came up the stairs and the subsequent battle outside the reed was simply unsatisfactory . It wasn't that I like fighting scenes ?? au contraire ?? but it was a bit stuttered and again, too dramatic. <br /> <br /> Otherwise, it wasn't a beautiful movie to watch, but it provided an interesting insight into the darker side of prostitution (as opposed to the geisha). Unfortunately, we may have gotten hold of our expectations of malevolent women ("treasure, I'll give you a deal" supported by the disputed actions) and have seriously made me doubt whether the 19th-century prostitutes really acted on the way . But once inside the house, the inner workings became most interesting, vivid and real and gave a scenario I had never expected or imagined in my romantic view of Japan in the 19th century.
