'Umi wa Miteta' was Akira Kurasawa's Swansong for film: His adaptation of his favorite novelist Shugoro Yamamoto's story in a manuscript he intended to film was his last mark, he left a brilliant career. Director Kei Kumai greets both Kurosawa and Yamamoto by presenting this visually stunning transformation of words to image. Seen in the 19th century, Japan explores the lives of women in a Geisha house whose sole purpose in life is to make money by joy men. The house is run by an older couple who are wonderful and geishas are an enchanting group of women who know their trade and trust in their careers. Each has a reason to turn to Geisha's life. Oshin (Nagiko Tono) supports her family, who live in a nearby village, Kikuno (Misa Shimizu), has customers both good and evil, which she manages to maintain with her stories of her higher caste. Oshin befriends a threatened samurai, falls in love with the gentle guy, only to discover that he must not marry his caste and leave his pleasures with Oshin to marry his promised fiancé. Oshin's heart blocks easily, but is always supported emotionally and physically / monetary by Kikuno and the other geishas. A beautiful samurai Ryosuke (Masatoshi Nagase) enters Oshin's life and develops the first trusted and devoted relationship with her. Kikuno is obsessed with problems and decides whether to accept the humble love of an old man who wants to marry her and handle a rich but abusive customer. All the while the sea looks and as a typhoon destroys the geisha house and the street, Oshin and Kikuno sit on the roof waiting for the promised rescue from Ryosuke. The way in which history ends is one of sacrifice, love and affection. The sea is looking and will find protection for true love. Kazuo Okuhara photography is breathtakingly beautiful: Night scenes with glowing lanterns and colorful geisha interiors are matched with recurring glimpses of the ocean both calmly and turbulently. The plot is a little strained for Edo art, but the characters are well constructed and keep the story credible. The one distraction that certainly is not something Kurosawa would have condoned is the sticky Western music score that resembles cheap soap opera filler except the isolated moments when true Japanese music on authentic instruments genre tracks. But ultimately, there is plenty of Kurosawa's influence to introduce this movie with its mark of dream-like miracles, which will always keep its importance to the world cinema. Grady Harp
