Ahh, yes, the all-star blockbuster. Take a so-so concept, put it into a script and let it down with every freakin-special effect that the Wizard of Hollyweird can evoke, so clear up the usual suspects: hot up-and-comers, has-beens, Wanna-be's and never-wuzzes and keep them all in ensemble roles of different sizes in front of the camera's unforgiving eye. And hope to gawd that some of them are not too old to remember their lines. <br /> <br /> Let it be for the Bishops of Box Office to finally apply the horror movie concept, as was the case with the post-EXORCIST thriller THE SENTINEL. Newcomer Jeffrey Konvitz decided to try and even Ira Levin's Rosemary's BABY scenario of scary (and ultimately satanic) neighbors in a New York brownstone. The result was a controversial bestseller, some claiming the boundaries of the plagiarist, and a straightforward controversial top-heavy / star-studded car, written and directed by DEATH WISH's Michael Winner, but for many incredible different reasons. <Br /> <br /> Cristina Raines (NASHVILLE) plays a successful model Alison Parker, which is largely overloaded and overstated (I don't want to add "overpaid." I think she's a model so it would be superfluous ), not only by her 24/7 schedule, also by her insistent, "wanna-get-married-right-NOW" girlfriend Michael (Chris Sarandon of DOG DAY AFTERNOON and the classic SOB.IG movie LIPSTICK). One of the ways she chooses to try to get away is to move into her own place; a great, beautiful brown in Manhattan, which she is able to get dirt-cheap (it should have been the big red flag - cheap property in New York!), from the mysteriously accommodating broker Miss Logan (Golden Age screen teacher Ava Gardner, fresh from the storm draining in earthquake.) Things seem fine at first, but ah, yes ... then the sound and the high bend coming from the apartment upstairs at night. And what about the really strange neighbors like Gerde (Sylvia Miles) and Sandra (a very early Beverly D'Angelo), the cozy "single friends" (read: lesbians) who live together and kind old Mr. Charles Chazen (a nicely spooky Burgess Meredith) who may seem a little worried about Alison's well-being? And that's not to mention other assorted squirrel cohabitants (you'll never hear the phrase "black and white cat, black and white cake" again without wanting to laugh milk through your nose and possibly being thrown together.) Especially the old blind priest living in Penthouse ... Things really start to go downhill when Alison's seemingly charged nightmare morphs into a grisly murder (in one of the movie's most underhand scary) and Alison and Michael, with the help of Alison's BFF, Jennifer (Deborah Raffin), begins to gather the puzzle that reveals the brownstone's dark origin, as well as the murderous agenda of the other worldly citizen, not to mention Alison's connection to them, which, as it turns out, is anything but random. Although there is nothing controversial about the overcast cast that seems to be present to all actors of different genres looking for work at that time (Arthur Kennedy, Jose Ferrer, Martin Balsam, Eli Wallach, John Carradine and even early appearances by Christopher Walken, Jeff Goldblum and Nana Visitor!) Winner and company went back to bombastic reasons and drew a "Tod Browning" ... by exploiting real physically challenged actors to appear in SENTINEL's climactic all-and-all hell order, which I think every ballsy director would do, and that he could not access Linda Blair and a vegetable soup case. It surely leaves you with Arctic fingers playing the spinal cord as a quote by knowing this juicy, small angle of info that you see. And it has a technique that movie producers have only recently started to return: Live on-set makeup and special effects that don't involve CGI (which was pretty much non-existent since then). <br /> <br /> The SENTINEL has the kitschy, late-70s cheese factor, but manages to distinguish itself from time to time with some gas-inducing moments as mentioned above, not to mention the cool sense of fear that horror writers find it easy to play, by isolation and things that go bump-and-shriek at night. After all, the living-single-in-the-big-city person has not been in bed in the dark and listened attentively to the sound of what the HOPE is "the building settles". <br /> <br /> Konvitz followed up with the CENTER with an inevitable sequel, the WEIGHT (not to be confused with the William Friedkin's supernatural thriller namesake), which was never adapted to the screen. = relief of sigh = =
