Bellocchio refers to this as a mainly political film, a description of the revolutionary movement in Italy, but it seems more metaphorical than reality. Well, almost everything in the film seems like a metaphor. The revolutionaries that we see and about whom we learn very little may as well be mafiosi. Andreas Papa, a psychoanalyst, seems to stand for the usual traditional bourgeois values ​​- morally upright, untouched, clean and tidy, thoroughly ritualized. <Br / Giullia, a revolutionary girlfriend, seems to represent what can happen to a person who needs very badly a reason to support, but is unable to gather the kind of devotion that such engagement requires . (I guess here.) Andrea, the young boy, seems to be the only guy in the movie who is not in a rude way "upatz". He is respectful of his father, but also disobedient. He loves Giullia, or we assume, although he's not really old enough to have learned how to control his reflexes optimally, but he leaves her to get to school and finish her final exams. His course between these conflicting lifestyles can be described as "media". He is the man in between, who knows the importance of gradualism, who can keep himself cool while screaming around him. <br /> <br /> Most of this is summarized during the oral part of his finale when asked to translate and comment on an excerpt from "Antigone" which contrasts the traditional authority of the god with the concept of secularity and free will. <br /> <br /> It brings us - without any particular course that I'm aware of - to Marushka Detmars. She is going to think of a New Yorker cartoon a couple of years ago. Two hippos are deep in the river and gazing at a gazelle drinking from the bank, and a hippopotamus says to the other: "I hate her." She's a good actress. (Let me get it out of the way.) But it's also everyone else in the movie. She carries with her, in her speech and manner, the rich shine of direct lunacy. And it all comes from the actress, not from the director's help. These are not nuts like Catherine DeNeuve were nuts in "Repulsion." The walls do not turn to rubber and grow hands. Instead, we see her animated - sometimes too animated. And she gives us shocking jolts when her mood suddenly changes and threatens the way a threatening thunderstorm threatens. <br /> <br /> A critic described her as sultry, but that is not the word he was looking for. She is convincingly beautiful with her soft brown hair, her wide white grin, her impulsive giggles. And her eyes are like the eyes of the paintings on the walls of ancient Egyptian tombs. The sexy parts are pretty erotic, not so much because one of them is explicit, but because we have got to know the signs involved. (It is more interesting to spy on the honeymoon couple next door than to go on a skin girl.) In fact, there is not so much sex. There is only one scene with simulated intercourse, but the director lets it play out in what seems to be real time. At least real time for an eighteen-year-old boy. <br /> <br /> The young man playing Andrea is also fine, which is a necessary thing, because the film depends almost exclusively on him and Giullia. They must wear it and they do it. If it wasn't for their performances, I'm not sure this would be as interesting or as admirable flick as it is. It could easily have been transformed into a rather slow, boring romance. <br /> <br /> Worth it.
