I'm not sure why this little movie has been banished in ambiguity, which, despite some stupid puzzles; Sentinel is a clever and inventive horror movie that gives most of the highly acclaimed ghost stories today more than one race for their money. Michael Winner has admitted many times that he is not the best director of all time, and it shines through a number of occasions with this film; But it has to be said that the film works in spite of the uninspired direction and the fact that the winner has somehow managed to round off a simple fantastic cast talent more than make up for it. The plot is rich in mystery and begins by focusing on Alison Parker and her quest for an apartment. She finds that she cannot afford most of the features she looks at, but thinks her luck has changed when she finds a fully furnished apartment at an affordable price. Her problems start soon after moving in, as she doesn't like her neighbors much ... and this problem increases when the real estate agent tells her she only has one neighbor; An older blind spot on the top floor ... The cast list is really great, with the relatively unknown Cristina Raines heading up to a great support cast. Chris Sarandon is a small tree in his role opposite Raines, but small parts to John Carradine, Eli Wallach, Ava Gardner, Jeff Goldblum and Christopher Walken, to name a handful more than compensate for Saran's lifeless depiction. Michael Winner does a great job with his central location, as the apartment block gives a scary and macabre setting to the story. The movie is a bit slow to start, but it is never boring; And Michael Winner's manuscript gives a surprise that is almost impossible to guess from the offset, which certainly deserves some praise. Like many similar slow-burning horrors, this does not go for money shot early - but unlike many, the end is a certain climax when the winner goes to shock the viewer, and if the rumor that he used the actual human oddities is true; I must say he does a very good job on it! All in all, while this movie can be pure hokum, no matter how you look at it; Sentinel is one of the better films of its kind, and it is definitely an important highlight for its director.
