Director / writer Michael Winner's feature is a better than expected offbeat supernatural horror movie (though it is still effective to care for), which really makes it unnoticed. Sure it can borrow ideas from other similar theme films from this period, but still manages to bring its own psychological imprint to the smoke screen material (good to evil) and a unique vision that has a fair share of impressive expansive if any exploitative set pieces. On the whole, it is sketchy, but remains exciting by instilling a vicious charge without going gang-busters with scares. In fact, there is always something going on among its bustling frames, but it's a bit downplayed with its shocks to soapy patterns and atmospheric tailor-made until it's vivid repulsive and pungent climax with a downbeat revelation. The winner's dressed craft can feel pedestrian, but it is the ensemble cast that really holds it together? as you try to spot the faces. There is also enough. Some have more to do with the scheme of things than others, but there is no doubt that each of them is committed, despite the most ridiculous nature. It is interesting to see names like Sylvia Miles (which is considerably scary!), Beverly D'Angelo (also), Deborah Raffin, Eli Wallach, Christopher Walken, William Hickey (a nice como), Jeff Goldblum, Jerry Orbach and Tom Berenger in bit parts. Then you got a gentle way to Chris Sarandon and moving beautiful Cristina Raines in the leaders. José Ferrer, Martin Balsam, Ava Gardner, John Carradine, Burgess Meredith and Arthur Kennedy can offer support. The script throws around many characters, but also performances, but becomes uneven sidetrack by trying to squeeze it all in. But it is disorienting airplanes in favor of determining the suspicion and the amounts of what is really going on here. Is there a reason for all this and why is it about Raines character? The emphasis is mainly on the moody angle as it slowly starts to shed light on her inner goings and the weird / worrying experiences she encounters as she moves into her new apartment. This is where Winner tries to pull out the eerie shades that project some icy moments. Gil Melle was the man responsible for the great, overwhelming orchestral score that never misses a cue, and Richard C. Kratina manages the sweeping, bulky photograph.
