This happens to be one of my favorite horror movies. It is a rich and classical production with an excellent cast of ensemble actors, beautiful on-location filmography, a joking musical score, an intelligent and new plot theme and an atmosphere of fear and threat. It resembles such classic films as ROSEMARY'S BABY and THE SHINING, where young vulnerable women find themselves sacrificed by supernatural forces in ancient, eerie buildings with a macabre past. Here, CRISTINA RAINES plays a top model in New York City called Alison Parker. Her happy, outgoing exterior masks a deeply conflicted and troubled soul. This is evident from the revelation that in her past she tried suicide twice - once as a teenage girl, after entering her degenerate father cavorting in bed with two women and causing him to tear a silver crucible from her throat and throw it on the floor, and for the second time after her married lawyer-girlfriend allegedly committed suicide over learning their affair. Telling her beau (played by an appropriate slimy CHRIS SARANDON) that she should live alone for a year or so, she answers a newspaper advertisement for a fully furnished, spacious one-bedroom apartment in an old Brooklyn Heights brownstone. This building actually exists and is located on 10 Montague Terrace just off the Brooklyn Heights Promenade off the Strip Street. The producers actually filmed inside the building and its apartments and paid the residents for their inconvenience of course. The real estate agent, a Miss Logan (AVA GARDNER), seems to be very interested in having Alison take the occasion - an interest that cannot be explained solely by the 6% commission she would serve. Especially when she quickly drops the rental price from $ 500.00 a month to $ 400.00. Alison agrees, and when he leaves the building with Miss Logan, an elderly man notes sitting and apparently staring at her from the top floor window. Miss Logan identifies the man to her as Father Halliran and tells Alison that he is blind. Alison's answer is very logical - "Blind? So what does he look at?" After moving in, Alison meets some of the other residents of the building, including a lesbian couple played by SYLVIA MILES and BEVERLY D'ANGELO, giving Alison an unpleasant welcome to the building. Alison's mental health and physical well-being soon begin to worsen, and she is plagued by splitting headaches and fainting. When she relays her concerns to Miss Logan that her sleep is disturbed at night by clamming metal and high footsteps coming from the apartment directly over her, she is dumbstruck to learn how to save the blind priest and now herself has lived in that building for the last three years. Encourages courage one night to confront her night-time pain, she armies with butcher's knife and flashlight and enters the apartment upstairs. She is confronted with her dead father's cancer-ridden joke and uses the knife on him in self-defense when he comes after her. The police are investigating and finding no sign of violence in that occasion - no corpse, no blood, nothing. Yet the Alison fled the building and collapsed on the street covered by the blood as it turns out. But there is nary a mark on her. What Alison is not aware of before the film is denouement is that her being in that brunt has a purpose. She was laid there for a reason - a plot whose origins date back to the biblical history of the Garden of Eden and of the angel Uriel, who was posted at the entrance to protect it from the devil. She is unknowingly founded and preached by the Catholic Church to assume an important role - one who will ensure that her soul condemned for her two suicide attempts can be saved. At the same time, the "invisible" neighbors who turn out to be more than just nice oddballs are another agenda in mind for her. This is a competent and intelligent finished film and one that surprisingly portrays the Church and its representatives in a predominantly sympathetic light.
