Michael Winner is probably best known for his revenge movie films, such as "Death Wish" and "Chato's Land", but he is as gifted as an occult Horror movie director, as "The Sentinel" in 1977 shows. "The Sentinel", based on a novel by John Konvitz who also wrote the manuscript, is a clever and incredibly scary religious cooler that no lover of occult horror should consider missing. The film is, of course, inspired by successful occult classics such as "Rosemary's Baby", "The Exorcist" or "The Omen", but it is also as disturbing as these more widely-recognized films and probably still creepier. Allison Parker (Christina Raines) is a beautiful young New York model. Traumatized by events in her past and not yet willing to marry her boyfriend (Chris Sarandon), Allison is looking for an apartment and finds a great, incredibly nice, affordable one in an old Brooklyn mansion. However, the new apartment comes with a bunch of very strange other tenants. And the creepy new neighbors will soon be more than a bit annoying to Alice ... It may not be a suitable plot synopsis, but I would hate to ruin any of the movie's amazing moments so I will not give any additional plot description. What I want to say, however, is that "The Sentinel" is a very scary and effective movie that deserves a great cast, as well as an often bizarre and constantly eerie atmosphere. The fact that director Michael Winner and author John Konnvitz also acted as producers here had a definite influence on the outcome. The film is imaginatively photographed, and the creepy old Brooklyn Mansion is a wonderful setting for this kind of movie. As mentioned above, the atmosphere is fuzzy and eerie, and the film also contains several shock moments and real scares. The film has many evil and eccentric characters, and the casting is fantastic. Beautiful Christina Raines is amazing in her role as Allison Parker, lovable and yet time to lose her mind. Chris Sarandon is also very good as his girlfriend, a successful lawyer, and the supportive cast includes many big names like Christopher Walken, Jeff Goldblum, Jerry Orbach, Beverly D'Angelo and Tom Berenger before becoming really famous. The cast also includes stars like Ava Gardner, the Horror icon John Carradine, Burgess Meredith, and my personal favorite, the great Eli Wallach as a cynical killing. I've been a big fan of director Michael Winner for a long time, mostly for movies like "Death Wish" and "Chato's Land". "The Sentinel" is another great film in Winner's repertoire, and also the evidence that the man is not only a master of hard-boiled revenge cinema, but also of atmospheric occult horror. All in all, "The Sentinel" is a creepy, intelligent and incredibly bizarre occult chiller recommended to all Horror fans!
