This horror movie, based on the novel of the same name, suffers from defective production and choppy, amateurish direction, but it is nevertheless surprisingly convincing. Unlike shocker horror flicks like The Exorcist, this movie takes the viewer on a slow but relentless dip in an evil pool. It is horror that begins at the audience with the same dream-like slowness as it arises on the poor girl who is unconditionally chosen to be the next sentinel. Her designated task is to sit at the gates of hell and prevent evil from breaking out into the world. This falls on her in reconciliation for her attempted suicide earlier in her life. The story is true to the book, which was nineteen, but the way it is edited can lose the viewer. There are subtleties in the plot that are shaved away and never explained satisfactorily, which hurts this movie. It's a shame. Sentinel is not a good one in your edge; It is more of an improper discomfort. As a bad car wreck, there is a compulsion to see even when it becomes unbearable. This movie is not that bad and still has the capacity to shock. <br /> <br /> The cast was competent. Christina Raines was captivating as Alison, the vulnerable girl under spiritual attack from both sides, a farmer in the infinite struggle between good and evil. Chris Sarandon was good as his caring but ultimately self-centered girlfriend. Eli Wallach and a very young Christopher Walken are the detectives who are struggling to dig up the bizarre puzzle they have been handed over. Ava Gardner is elegant as a real estate agent unaware of the horrors of lurking in her rental property. The giant older John Carradine, with his arthritic-twisted hands, is excellent as the dying sentinel to be replaced. The devil is playing to the charming perfection of Burgess Meredith; he is so sweet and yet so evil. There are future stars hidden in this movie: Beverly D'Angelo and Jeff Goldblum as friends of the poor girl, and Jerry Orbach plays successfully against type as a jerking television director. The condemned souls at the end are portrayed by real sideshowfreaks and geeks. The one who thought to do so was a twisted but ingenious genius. The fear that permeates the film unexpectedly bubbles up as when Alison opens a door and finds something that causes a feedback to her when she found her father with her two whores. She revives her first suicide attempt, faces a couple of oddly dysfunctional lesbians, and sees a cat cut like a cake. At times she changes back and forth through reality and imagination through dreams and awakening nightmares that lack the means to cope. In fact, the devil is trying to drive her crazy enough to kill himself before he becomes the next sentinel. Will he succeed ...? In summary, slow but indescribably scary, well-behaved but poorly-directed, and a very typical 70-horror movie before the real shockers cut loose. (No proverb is calculated) This movie may not work for those with a brief attention, but it can still send shivers up the spine and it can still give a small key coke value. It remains an oddly convincing and entertaining dip in the kingdom of evil.
