Suk ?? I sincerely ask why all the acclaimed and suspected in-depth film critics have such a courage against director Michael Winner? Surely he is not subtlety's avatar, as his film is almost always hard-handed and confronting, but then what? They are awesomely entertaining. For example, his most famous action movie, like the first three entries in the "Death Wish" series, is easy to cling to because they allegedly glorify violence and personal use of shotguns, but even when Winner assumes far more mature cinema genres? like the religious horrors of "The Sentinel" for example ?? He doesn't stand a chance with any of the critics. "The Sentinel" generated a lot of controversy and persecuted more people at the release when it leaked that Michael Winner casts genuine malformed and disabled people to portray creatures trying to cross the gates between hell and earth. Almost the same controversy caused Todd's Browning's masterpiece and landmark in the horror cinema "Freaks" to remain banned and invisible for over thirty years! And why? Just because certain prudish and easily offended people who should not watch the movie in the first place, claim it is an unethical thing to do? I do not assume that Michael Winner or Todd Browning endangered these people or forced them to appear in their films, so what gives us the right to feel annoyed in their place? Another important reason why critics were not warmly welcomed "The Sentinel" is because Jeffrey Konvitz's novel ?? and thus Michael Winner's manuscript ?? is hugely derived from other contemporary but far more successful religious themed horror stories and thus, according to the cruel critics of horror critics, slightly more than mere plagiarism. Admittedly, "The Sentinel" borrows several essential elements from "Rosemary's Baby," "The Omen," and "The Exorcist," but let's see, the 70's thrives on stolen formulas and mimics success stories. If you overlook the slightly unoriginal concept, and in all fairness, a handful of thoroughly confusing and unnecessary subgroups, "The Sentinel" is honestly still a uniquely atmospheric and often just petrifying 70's horror highlight with an impressive ensemble cast and nightmare imagery in Alison Parker. astonishing model with some untreated mental trauma, moving into an astonishing brownstone apartment in Brooklyn, deeply against the will of her boyfriend Michael, who proposed to marry her several times already. Alison's physical existence, and especially her mental state, changes drastically shortly afterwards, and the vicious occasion seems to be the root of all misery. She meets eccentric neighbors and participates in birthday parties for their cats, although the landlady claims she and a priest are the only tenants. She often falls into her duties and has really scary visions of her bastard father, and at night she tried to commit suicide. It is slowly becoming clear that Alison was chosen to earn a higher supernatural intent inside this apartment building, but at the same time, the malignant forces attempt and prevent this. It's really unfortunate how the promotional taglines and straightforward synopsis on the back of the DVD immediately reveal that Alison's brown booth is the Earth's gateway to hell, and she's chosen to protect it because the movie's script only slowly builds up against this shocking revelation. For nearly 75 minutes (and during some boring and long-lasting sequences), Michael Winner maintains the success of Alison's own mind playing tricks with her, and the inclusion of the Catholic Church and her fiancee is odd behavior is strictly red herring. . Several of the horrible scenes come pretty close to being genius, like Alison's flashback or her first acquaintance with the priest upstairs. The whole climax, with the controversial hospitality mentioned above, is a literally confusing showcase of pure terror and is easily one of the most unforgettable and nail-biting reports I've ever seen. <br /> <br /> The cast Michael Winner managed to collect is deeply impressive, especially considering "The Sentinel" is still a legitimate horror movie, and this genre is not the most popular among prominent actors, but of course you must also put the cast listing slightly in perspective. Of course, with such an expanded casting, several of the roles in the film are slightly more than cameos. Martin Balsam and John Carradine, for example, appear only on the screen for a few minutes together. Several others (like Christopher Walken, Jeff Goldblum, Beverly D'Angelo and Tom Berenger) might add a lot of fame to the movie today, but back when released, they were still unknown to attract curious viewers. My personal choice for best performances goes to Burgess Meredith as the eerie neighbor and Eli Wallach as the satirical police inspector. The relatively unknown Cristina Raines does an admirable job that carries the movie, and Chris Sarandon nicely back her, though he does a ridiculous mustache. In my humble opinion, "The Sentinel" is a wonderfully entertaining and scary horror movie, and definitely a must-see for SAND genre fanatics.
