This is the first of a two-part back story to the conflict between the machines and humanity in the Matrix world, and it delivers spectacularly by combining observations of man's fear of the unknown and being usurped with politics, including religious and historical imagery, subverting expected portrayals of the parties involved and an at least partly credible and so frightening vision of our near future. It is not perfect, and some plot points and images are at once obvious and constructed, but it has the desired effect and influence and tells a visceral and cautionary story. <br /> <br /> This first part sets the stage - human society has developed advanced robust robots, most humanoid, to serve people to do menial, unskilled work, work, construction, etc. and thus the population has become lazy and derogatory towards them. A robot, on the other hand, rebels and kills his owner, says by his subsequent trial that he simply did not want to die. He is destroyed, but when the robotic masses are ordered to protect humanity, many robots are protesting, with many human sympathizers with them. <br /> <br /> The picture here is exploiting, telling racial and abusive people, celestial men square, the holocaust and an overly provocative scene of a robot in a human girl's figure getting harried, hammered in the head and then shot dead like that usually 'I am real'. it lies on the ground, clothes and skin torn and breasts hang out. It is an obvious and indecent image designed to present human fears of uncontrolled elements and aggression to groups based on individuals' actions. At least, this first part is much like a compressed version of the movie I Robot, but it quickly evolves into a recognizable Matrix story as the surviving robot quota is cursed and assembled in the Middle East, in the cradle of civilization, as the narrator informs us. Here, the machines gather and begin to produce new AI and to produce mass technology and trade with people. we see an advertisement for a car that uses the circular energy motors used by the ships rebels in the movies, and we see robots flying around Zero One, the name of their city. Their goods and commerce make their economy soar affecting other economies, and human governments and governments are setting up a blockade in response. The machines send ambassadors in the form of Adam and Eve similarities to a UN Congress to negotiate a peaceful resolution to the blockade, but they are forced to be removed and the stage is set to war in the second part. <br /> <br /> The Studio 4 ° C animation works on a lot of Animatrix, and it is evocative and visually stimulating, providing various scenes such as live shows, CCTV footage and special scenes of import that is characteristic and overall presents the story perfectly. the plot may not be an original concept, and it may draw on simplified get mentalities and plot models and resort to provocative material for influence, but after the exciting mystery offered by the first movie and Morpheus' vague brief information dumps this is a great exhibition of the catastrophic events that left the world ravaged and in the hands of the machines serving as a warning and as a means of many observations and comments on human condition, the development of AI and the importance of harmony and cooperation and the devastating consequences of conflict and prejudice, themes expanded in the films.
