Minor Spoiler's Alison Parker (Cristina Raines) is a successful top model living with lawyer Michael Lerman (Chris Sarandon) in his apartment. She tried to commit suicide twice earlier: the first time she was a teenager and saw her father cheating her mother with two women in her home, and when Michael's wife died. Since then, she left Christ and the Catholic Church behind. Alison wants to live alone in her own apartment and with the help of the real state agent Miss Logan (Ava Gardner) she finds a wonderfully furnished old apartment in Brooklyn Heights for a reasonable rental. She sees a strange man in the window of the last floor of the building, and Miss Logan says he is the father of Francis Matthew Halloran (John Carradine), a blind priest who lives alone supported by the Catholic Church. Alison moves to her new place and once here she receives a visitor: her neighbor Charles Chazen (Burgess Meredith) welcomes her and introduces her new neighbors to her. Then he invites Alison to his cat's Jezebel's birthday tonight. The next day, strange things happen to Alison in her apartment and to her health. Alison looks for Miss Logan and is informed that she lives alone with the priest in the building. A further study shows that all the people she knew in the party were dead criminals. Afraid of the situation, Alison embraces Christ again while Michael examines the creepy events. Alison realizes that she lives in the entrance to hell. <br /> <br /> Although undervalued in the IMDb User Rating, The Sentinel is one of the best horror movies ever. I have seen this movie at least six times, as the first time in the 70s in the cinema. On September 7, 2002, I bought the imported DVD and saw it again. Yesterday I watched this movie again. Even after so many years, this movie is still great. The scary and lurid story scares even in the present days. The casting is a constellation of stars and starlets. You can see many actors and actresses who became famous at the beginning of their career. Fans of horror movies certainly allow 'The Sentinel' and I am one of them. My vote is nine. <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): 'A Sentinela dos Malditos' ('The Sentinel of the Damned') <br /> <br /> Note: On September 2, 2007, this movie looked again.
