It was the first thing that came to mind when I saw the last credits to Europe that were across the screen. I have never in my life experienced a movie of such a technical genius. Europe's pictures are so impressive that any movie I see in that club will only be pale in comparison, forget your Michael Bay, Ridley Scott licked Hollywood cinematography, Europe has more ethereal beauty than what the two could endure in a million years. Now I will be the first to greet Lars von Trier a genius right behind his films Breaking the Waves and Dancer in the Dark, but it is stupid, the fact that Europe has not been noticed by film experts for so long is a crime against cinema, while overstated rubbish like Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon and Life is Beautiful clean up the academy prices (but what about it) Europe has been hidden away, absent video stores and (until recently) any British television channels. <br /> <br /> The images in Europe are not MTV gloss; It's not a case of style over substance, it's more of a matter of substance dictating style. Like his first film The Crime Element, von Trier uses the main character's perspective to draw us into his world, and just as Element begins the movie with the protagonist (or in Europe we the audience) is hypnotized. As we move down the tracks, the narrator's voice (Max von Sydow) counts us in a deep sleep until we are awake in Europe. This gives von Trier and his three filmographers the opportunity to pay with time and image conventions. There are many scenes in Europe when a character in the background that is in black and white will interact with a person in the foreground who will be color, von Trier tries to show us how much primacy the colored subject or person has over the plot For example, it is not surprising that Leopold Kessler (Jean-Marc Barr )'s first shot is in color, as he is the only character whose actions have superiority over the film. <br /> <br /> The performances are good, they can't be on par with the performances of later von Trier movies, but it's just because the pictures are sometimes so distracting that you don't really pick them up the first time round. But I would like to emphasize Jean-Marc Barr's amazing priest in the lead whose blind idealism slowly warns against the two opposite sides until he breaks out into the film's final act. Once again, the movie ends with our hero, who is unable to wake up from his nightmare state left in this horrible place, with only the continuing tale of von Sydow to seal his destiny. Europe is a great movie, and I can't think of how sorry it was that von Trier left this film when he was clearly one of the most talented visual instructors working at that time, Europe, like the rest of his movie gun is filled with a host of iconic scenes. His involvement in composition and mise-one scene is unsurpassed, not to mention his use of sound and production design. But when his melodramas were not killing, he turned out to be Breaking the Waves and Dancer in the Dark, who can argue, but it seems like a waste of an imaginative talent. 10.10
