Prisons are not exactly famous for their friendly hospitality and 'happy vibes', what about stories of fighting, chaos, murder and of course extreme male bondage! But the prison in this movie is a completely different animal. Horror movies put into cells are, as you probably know, nothing new that they emphasize and exaggerate the fear of claustrophobia and inability to escape? two of the biggest themes in horror cinema. With such examples as THE CHAIR (Waldermar Korzeniowsky, 1988), THE GREEN MILE (Frank Darabont, 1999), Alien 3 (David Fincher, 1992) and of course the entire Women In Prison exploitation genre itself, another entry into this niche has to to be something inventive and very fun to start to be recognized. Or at least that's what you would have thought. PRISON is definitely an incredibly fun and fun trip, and it is a little shame that it is not as well known as it should be. In short, the film is centered on an old prison (well, duh!) reopened. But it's not just the convicts and guards that the prisoners have to fear, but also a medieval demon ghost spirit with only one thing in mind; death! And boy, are we treated with some fantastic death scenes! I do not want to ruin anything here for you, but there are plenty of innovative and pleasurable murders all done by invisible hands. <br /> <br /> In addition to the special effects and murders, this film also has another thing that goes after it; it is thrown. Headlining, we have Lord of the Rings (Peter Jackson, 2001-2003) star Viggo Mortensen (and for all those so inclined, yes he gets naked) whose performance is not only very credible but is done with such skill that his The Eastwood esquire character is both bad to the leg and even (a very delicate mixture). Add him to a cast of 'hi-wait-one-minute-I-know-it-guys' actors and you have yourself a big set of stars. However, the characters themselves lack three-dimensionality and more often than not to come across as very stereotypical. We have a black oculist, a hard-as-nail jailer, a human rights activist woman and lots of other stock characters. But frankly, this "error" actually helps the movie. Instead of boring character development in an oblong equilibrium, we throw more or less straight into the action, and when it gets started (very early) there is not a single scene that is a filler ?? These are balls for the wall plot. Unlike a particular SHAWSHANK REDEMPTION (Frank Darabont, 1994)! Sharing conventions with the slash genre, this is something of a convention itself, and in good ol 'slasher genre tradition, PRISON penalizes those who have been bad. <br /> <br /> All in all, this is an excellent little horror movie and one that is unfortunately overlooked and indeterminate among the horror world. With an excellent cast and great special effects and rather original death scenes, this movie is highly recommended for horror fans. Don't be fooled into thinking it will also be a cheesy little movie, just because it was made in the United States in the 1980s, it is far from cheesy (although the end destroys this) while being far from gritty and realistic (while trying To tackle issues like jail rape, it's pretty subtly done). <br /> <br /> I give it 3.5 out of 5 luvs. A very entertaining horror movie with some very nice touches.
