2003 was seen as this year's matrix, with the release of two successors and a computer game that was actually linked to the movie's plot. Also released was a DVD with 9 short animated films, most written and made in Japan and made as Anime. Japan makes some of the best animations in the world. Unfortunately, most of these shorts are disappointing. The best of them is the first part of a prequel to the first matrix film. <br /> <br /> The second renaissance is made as a historical file. It tells how people made machines in their own likeness. People live the great life, while machines are the neighbors, community workers, second-class citizens. In the year 2090, a machine, BI-66ER, was tested for murder after killing its owners who wanted to disable him. The machine does not have a fair trial and the uprisings start around the world. World governments to dismantle machines. Many machines leave human society and form their own country in the Middle East, O1. 01 has a productive economy and easily suppresses human nations and forces them to economic crisis. The human blockade 01 and rejecting the machine's requests for peace, it was the people who were responsible for the war that slaves them. <br /> <br /> The second Renaissance is an interesting watch with excellent traditional animation style and convincing world. It shows how the machines were abused and that humanity sows the seeds for their own destruction. There is a political and social world, and the short one tells a lot in a short time. The short shares themes and a style for the classic silent movie Metropolis, partly the beginning with the underworld. They are the themes of slavery, the abuse of the working class and racism. The short also has some religious themes and religious iconography. Mainly men saw themselves as God and created the machines in their own likeness. To see themselves as the rightful masters of the machines. The machines also use religious iconography, which essentially forms their nation in the "cradle of human civilization" and the machines that come to the UN, dressed as Adam and Eve, and offer an apple. The animation style is beautiful, done in the traditional anime style (like Akira). The set designs are good, combining futuristic with historic cities, for example. Washington D.C .. There is a downside scene and surprising violence that is the key to the movie. The director, Mahiro Maeda, also directed the anime sequence in Kill Bill Vol. 1, then has good credentials for Hollywood. He is willing to use violence and knows how to keep a story going. The only real complaint is a continuity error in the first matrix film, because Morpheus mentions that humans have no historical records or who knows who started the war. But it's a good watch.
