The prison is not often admitted during conversations about the best 80's horror movies, and there is a good reason for it because it is not one of the best ... but as you dive past the classic films that the decade had to offer, it is certainly among the best of the lesser known / smaller films. The movie has some connection to blockbusters; To begin with, it is an early management effort for Renny Harlin; the skilled instructor behind a series of action films, including Die Hard 2, Cliffhanger and Deep Blue Sea; and secondly, we have an early role for Lord of the Rings star Viggo Mortensen. The movie is not exactly original, but the plot line is interesting. We focus on a prison that has been reopened after a number of years. This was imprisoned where a man named Charles Forsyth was sent to the elite after being framed by the prison governor. Of course, the spirit of the dead does not rest in peace; and when the old executive room is reopened, the spirit of the dead judge escapes for revenge. <br /> <br /> The movie isn't exactly The Shawshank Redemption, but it takes care of building its various characters, and while the main point of the movie is always horror, the prison drama behind it all makes it an interesting base. This is also a good job because, other than the basic premise, the movie does not really have a "plot" to go off, and we rely solely on the interaction between the characters to keep things interesting. The scream in the movie is sometimes grotesque, but it's never over the top, which is perhaps why this movie is rarely remembered and released in a decade of profit. The murders themselves are pretty good and imaginative and give some great highlights. As the film continues, we begin to dive more into the revenge of the ghost's ghost story and it is quite interesting, but some things about it do not make sense and it pulls the film down a bit. Still, everything boils down to an exciting climax, and generally I have to say that Prison is a movie worth tracking.
