I pulled a VHS box down from my big collection - many invisible - and fetched a movie from the box art I thought would be fun, and yes, bad. The prison had the 80's cheesy look over that box. I sat and watched and laughed! and see!! found that we sometimes bet on a movie with predetermined expectations in mind. Fortunately, I turned around quickly and soon realized that I was sitting down not just for an okay movie, but a pretty good movie in all. Prison tells the story that an old dilapidated prison is being reopened to save on budgetary problems. It looks scary as all empty and filled with prisoners. The prison used as a set is incredibly atmospheric and easily the most important character in the film. The story of the prison as its central setting tells in a prologue whether a man is killed by the electric chair. We see Lane Smith as a guard - tear off a crucifixion before sending the man to his creator. We are so present today, first with a board at a meeting that decides to open the prison and send in a beautiful doctor to ensure that the conditions are acceptable as she vigorously fought against the re-opening of the old prison. Then we see the new leader, Lane Smith, haunted by a nightmare in bed - and given the new work of opening a prison he has not been this year. Well, the rest follows suit: prisoners and guards arrive with lots of stereotypes abound. We get a certain character depth, and several of the prisoners are interesting characters. The action is better than you might expect, with Lane Smith always doing a job-related job. Viggo Mortenson as a very different prisoner is stuck. Tom Everett, Tiny Lister and Ivan Kane truly explore the boundaries of their stereotypical characters. Chelsea Field is okay as the female leader. The best performance is Lincoln Kilpatrick, an underrated character actor, like Cresus - a prisoner who had been in the same prison many years ago when "the man" had been executed "with some kind of horrible secret. Prison is not the second best thing for slices Bread or something like that, but it is definitely worth a visit and definitely better than most people would expect from it. I was pleasantly surprised by the way Director Renny Harlin made a story so visually atmospheric. Harlin knows how to build his scenes, there are a few exaggerated shot scenes - the barbed wire was a bit much like it was with all the tubes, but these scenes are visually creative and interesting, uniformly decent, the script is actually much more coherent than you usually come from movies like these, which can partly be credited to Irwin Yablans, who wrote the story.You can remember that he came up with the idea of ​​making Halloween scare This makes him a hell of a lot more frightening than it already is. Give the prison a break (get it).
