'Barry McKenzie's Adventure' started life as a satirical cartoon in 'Private Eye', written by Barry Humphries and based on an idea from Peter Cook. McKenzie ('Bazza' to his friends) is a lukewarm, tall-haired, hat-wearing Australian whose two main interests in life are sex (despite never having had any) and Foster's stock. In 1972 he found his way to the big screen for the first of two excursions. It must have been tempting for Humphries to throw himself as 'Bazza', but he left the job for Barry Crocker (later to sing the theme to the TV neighbors 'neighbors'!). Humphries instead played several roles in true Peter Sellers fashion, especially Bazza's indulgent aunt 'Edna Everage' (this was before she became a lady). You know this is not going to be 'The Importance of Ernest Ernest' when its censorship rating NPA stands for 'No Poofters Allowed'. Pom-hating Bazza is told by a Sydney lawyer that in order to inherit a share in his father's will, he must go to England to absorb British culture. With Aunt Edna in tow he traps a Quantasfly to Hong Kong and then on to London. An over-efficient customs officer makes Bazza pay import duties on everything he bought over there, including a suitcase full of 'pipes of Foster's warehouse'. As he says, "When it comes to smearing you, Pom's edge has gyppos!" A sleazy taxi driver (Bernard Spear) maximizes the fare by taking Bazza and Edna first to Stonehenge, then Scotland. London's streets are filthy and their hotel is a shovel run by a seedy landlord (Spike Milligan) who makes Bazza pound notes in the electricity meter every twenty minutes. However, there is some good news for our hero; He meets with other Aussies in Earl's Court, and Fosters is on sale in British pubs. <br /> <br /> What happens is a series of comic escapades taking Bazza from staring into his own cigarette commercial, putting curry down his trousers in faith, it's a form of aphrodisiac, a bizarre encounter with Dennis Price as an overcrowded pervert who loves to be spanked while wearing a schoolboy's uniform, a young conservative dance in Rickmansworth for a charity concert where his song about "chundering" (almost vomiting) makes him almost an international star, and finally BBC TV Center where he pulls his pants down on a live talk show hosted by thinking man's crumpled self, Joan Bakewell. A fire breaks out and Bazza's friends come to rescue - Doughning knocks off Fosters, they massively urinate on the flames. <br /> <br /> This is far from Bruce Beresford's later works - 'Breaker Morant' and 'Driving Miss Daisy'. Upon release, critics were scared to be too "vulgar". Well, it is, but it is also good without P.C. fun. 'Bazza' is a disgusting creation, but his quality of life is unmistakable, you can't help but like the guy. His various euphemisms for urination ('point Percy on the porcelain') and vomiting ('Technicolor gaben') have entered English without many people knowing where they came from. Other guest stars include Dick Bentley (as a detective chasing Bazza everywhere), Peter Cook, Julie Covington (later to the Rock Follies star), and even future art presenter Russell Davies. <br /> <br /> A sequel - The wonderful name 'Barry McKenzie keeps his own' - came out two years later. At its premiere, Humphries used the opportunity to blow up the critics who had savaged the first movie. Good for him. What should have been of greater concern to him, however, was the release of 'Crocodile Dundee' in 1985. It also had a long, hat-wearing Aussie struggle to express itself with a foreign culture. And made tons more money. The song on the final credits (done by Snacka Fitzgibbon) is magnificent. You have a love a lyric that contains the line: "If you want to send your sister into a madness, introduce her to Barry McKenzie!". Time to finish this review. I have to go to the dance to shake my hands with the vacant ...
