What we have here is a convincing piece of low budget horror with a fairly original performance, a cast filled with familiar faces and one of the most compelling movie sites in the history of horror movies. So ... can anyone tell me why this movie is so undervalued ??? "Prison" is the Finnish director Harlin's American debut, which still counts as his best bet, even though he continued to make hits such as "Die Hard 2", "Cliffhanger" and "Deep Blue Sea". The story is entirely in an old and ramshackle Wyoming prison, reopened for the sake of conviction in other, more modern state affairs. Inside the past execution dungeons, the restless spirit of the last victim of the electric chair still lives around. The now promoted warden Eaton Sharpe (Lane Smith) was there 40 years ago when this innocent man was killed and the spirit still remembers its evil role in the unfair trial. It seems that the time of revenge has finally come. Viggo Mortensen plays the good car thief to prevent an even bigger body count, and Chelsea Field is the human social worker who slowly unravels the secrets of the past. "Prison" contains over half a dozen memorable gore sequences, but it is the intolerably tense atmosphere that sticks to you! Unlike any other horror image of the decade, "Prison" has a great sense of realism! Here, I refer to the authentic landscape and mood inside the prison walls of course and not to the supernatural murders that are committed ... although these are also really disturbing. The best parts of the movie are images of realistic and hard prison drama sequences combined with visual chaos and shocking horror. The absolute best terror moment (which gives me nightmares ever since I saw it at a very young age) focuses on a grizzly killing involving barbed wire. Haunting !! The manuscript only suffers a mistake, but it is a common ... almost inevitable, I think: clichés! History introduces almost every possible stereotype that is in a prison that surrounds. We have the ugly, greasy pears with his 'sweet' boy toys, the cowardly and racist guard avoiding confrontation at all costs and ?? of course ?? the old wise black con that earns a lifetime (did I hear someone shouting the name Morgan Freeman?) Don't get blinded to those clichés, my advice is, as there are so many other elements to admire. The photography is dark and humid, the mystery is maintained slowly and successfully, and the supportive immigrant roles of class B actors are excellent (fans recognize Tom Everett, Tom 'Tiny' Lists and even immortal horror icon Kane Hodder). Forget Wes Craven's god-horrible attempt "Shocker" or the actually pathetic cheese-flick "The Chair". This is the only prison chiller worth tracking! Especially considering that Viggo Mortensen has eaten popularity today (I heard he was starred in a successful franchise involving elves, Hobbits and other adventures ...) this true 80's horror gem works to get an urgent DVD release!
