There is much material from the Modesty Blaise comics and novels that would be good in a movie. Unfortunately, several attempts have been made and they have become smaller than the great potential of the character. So no, it's not the modesty you know from the comic book (currently reprinted in fine titles from Titan Books). This is Modesty some 5 or 6 years before the first strip, and from what you can piece together from her back story, it is correct. <br /> <br /> Miramax had movie rights to the sign, with Quentin Tarantino acting as a lawyer and technical advisor. Early drafting of the Miramax project attempted to adapt one of the best novels, but always managed to leave some crucial element. Tarantino was not happy with any of them and offered to remove his name from the project so they could continue. For the credit of the studio, they would keep him going when they knew he "got" the character and her world. With the movie rights close to expiration, they decided to try a completely different approach. The result was "My Name is Modesty", a small direct-to-video movie that introduces the character. <br /> <br /> The film does not introduce Willie Garvin or Sir Gerald. These characters are important to Blaise's adventures in most of the published stories. What this film achieves shows the character's strength by itself. She never loses her peace, and you never doubt that she herself is empowered to be unarmed in a room full of gangsters with guns. Most of the film takes place within a casino, which undoubtedly saves money on production. It does not matter. The movie doesn't come across as cheap. Instead, it gives a rather comprehensive (and credible) back-story to the character and shows just how far she looks forward. Should Miramax adapt any of the comic stories or novels now, they have laid out the background of the character and will not have to spend much time on her "origin". I realize that the words "Direct-to-Video" don't inspire confidence, but this movie is well worth seeing.
