Completely tactical, strange (beware of the kinky moment with a drop-dead, beautiful blonde acting as a pull-string doll for some rich people), meaningless but undoubtedly convincing late night function. This unhinged French production is a tip of confused unfocused ideas and random plot illustrations centered on its highly charismatic stars (if any anti-heroes) Alain Delon and Charles Bronson. Really, they can't do all that much, especially under the limited, long middle part, where they hide in a building during the Christmas holidays to blow up a safe with 10,000 possible combinations. Oh fun! But that's when it's strange if an exciting relationship has formed between Delon and Bronson's characters. After a manipulative willpower (and childishly dull game against each other), the two come to an understanding that sees them honor each other's commitment and have mutual respect. This would continue to play an additional role in the twisty second half of the story with the undiscovered curve ball. Still, their meetings early indicate that there is more, but what we get is vague, and this is enlarged by the 'What just happened?' ending it can just make you jump. YEEEEAAAAAHHHHHHHHH! Happy to get it out of the system. <br /> <br /> The pacing is terribly slow, but it is quietly measured for it, and it seems intentionally exhausted with spilled, nervous stress. Watch as the same process is repeated over and over, and you know that something is not quite right and the twilight is finally at stake. Now all that is happening is too spontaneous, but the climax payment is in the lead. The tight, complex script is probably a little too cramped for its own good, but there are some great news (coins, glasses and liquids, try not to waste) and visual symbols. Jean Herman's direction is effectively sophisticated and low-key, but gets a bit artificial and melts an unpleasant iced atmosphere. Sound FX has more than one strong tone than that of Francois DeRoubaix's funky score, which is mainly wrapped up after its exciting opening. The top drawers Delon (who is quite steely) and Bronson (a jovial trip) are solid and work by each tremendously. Bernard Fresson looks up for the attitude of the inspector, who knows that more is happening than what is being looked at. An attractive female cast has the opportunity to support Brigitte Fossey and Olga Georges-Picot. <br /> <br /> A cryptic, but polished, criminal drama maintained by its two leaders and some bizarre inclusions.
