If you're already a fan of Peter O'Donnell's wonderful Modesty Blaise books from the 60's, you'll really enjoy this movie. If you've ever seen 1966 "Modesty Blaise" movies, forget about it! It was camp. This is the real Modesty Blaise. The story and the character are both true to the modesty that fans of the books know and love. It's far from the Joe Losey's 1966 travesty, and it takes our Modesty quite seriously. Alexandra Town is quite good and trustworthy in the section, and yes, we'll see her kick off. chuckle This is probably supposed to be the first movie in a series and as such it serves to introduce Modesty, her childhood and her days with Lob. Since Peter O 'Donnell was the creative consultant on the film, everything was calling right. Even the story O'Donnell told about how he perceived the character, just as he told it. After reading all the books, I enjoyed the movie even more for that. <br /> <br /> Now that Miramax has made their choice on the property by having Quentin Tarrentino make this movie, I hope to see more of Modesty stories as soon as possible. Especially when Willie Garvin's wonderful character makes the character of modesty really alive. For that purpose, I really hope that the film does well in Europe. I have no idea that Miramax intends to distribute the DVD in the United States. I suppose it may not be so good in the US in general distribution. I wonder how Miramax decides where and how to distribute their films. <br /> <br /> In history, Modesty is in his early 20s, working at Louche's casino in Tangier. The flashback sequences are artfully made and take Modesty from around 9 years, through her teens until her current age in the movie - at 21-22, I guess. I really don't think there is a "perfect actress" for Modesty. For many of us Modesty fans, she is too strong a presence in our imagination already. Alexandra City is trustworthy. She is very slim, graceful and clear. She has lots of close-ups. She has a good face - one who sticks to the mind after the movie is over. According to O 'Donnell's illustrator, Romero, Modesty has a fuller figure than the city, but I'm willing to overlook it. If the City continues in the role, I think she will mature in it - just as Modesty grows more powerful and skilled as she grows older. The city still offers opposite humor and absolute security. Go ahead and rent this movie, it's not like anything else you've seen, and even though it was controlled by Scott Spiegel, it's full of Tarrentino hand, great camera moves, lights and successful action sequences.
