Short synopsis <br /> <br /> This movie opens with soldiers released by men's company. One of them pursues another with a strange scheme, the other repeatedly refuses. Later they are both caught in an office building where they want to break a safe during the Christmas holidays. Hostility turns into playful peeling and then into a desperate struggle for survival (during the course of manipulation they lose all drinkable liquids, so it's really serious). With exposed, well-built and well-oiled torsos, they hit a hole in a wall and finally manage to escape ?? only to find out that they have been betrayed and created by women. One gets caught, the other remains free and is not given away by his companion. A last meeting, a last light for a cigarette, adieu l'ami goodbye, friend. <br /> <br /> I found it hard not to see the closet gay in the two main characters played by classic master superstars Alain Delon and Charles Bronson. They are, of course, attracted to each other, their treatment of women is abominable and contemptuous of contempt throughout. The whole story seems to have a strong symbolic undertow, a bit like liberation. It is also very stylish. The sure that the two men want to break is in a ?? currently ?? ultra modern glass and aluminum tower. There is room for an advertising agency, so there are many beautiful posters and wall coverings around. The wardrobe is also very good. The ultra-modern Citroen DS (perhaps the most modern and elegant car of all time) has great in this movie ?? maybe a subtle kind of product placement. <br /> <br /> I can recommend this movie to the actor's performances alone. Delon and Bronson really share the top billing in a way that struck me as very fair and sporting. Both make a significant amount of acrobatics. I have never seen Bronson better than here, he really works - and speaks French all over, with a heavy accent buying very passively indeed. And it is definitely the man himself we hear. (So ​​the French language version is highly recommended). The police inspector, who pursues the two, is played by my favorite Franch actors, Bernard Fresson, who was Gene Hackman's partner in French Connection II. He is the best brainy police inspector I know. Also very good is the former children's actor Brigitte Fossey as the young inner man who, as it turns out, is not as innocent as the first seems. <br /> <br /> Anyone who expects the old in-out of classic elevator movies may be disappointed with this movie. For those with a little patience this will be a rewarding experience full of new and original ideas and director quirks , although it is too brutal and sadistic for my own sake.
