This is the first Jean Renoir Silent movie I have seen and perhaps rightly as it is generally considered his best, as well as his first major work. All in all, it is actually a very safe and technically accomplished film that suggests that it was only Renoir sophomore effort. For the director's fans it is filled with interesting hints about future Renoir films, especially THE DIARY OF A CHAMBERMAID (1946) and THE GOLDEN COACH (1952) - in the depiction of a lower class femme fatal madly wished by various aristocrats who pretend for her - but also the rules of the game (1939) - which in a sequence shows how the harsh servants behave when their master's back is turned away from them - and the FRENCH CANAN (1955) - Nana is seen to have a ride on the scandalous dance at some point. Personally, I would say that the film makes a respectable companion to G.W. Pabst's PANDORA'S BOX (1928), Josef von Sternberg is THE BLUE ANGEL (1930) and Max Ophuls' LOLA MONTES (1955) in his lively recreation of the sordid life of a courtesan. <br /> <br /> Having said all that, the film was a struggling critical and commercial failure at the time it was released - a "crazy business" that Renoir himself later referred to in his memoirs that Not only did he personally cost him a fortune (he eventually eased the resulting financial burden of selling some of his late-father paintings), but almost made him give the movie a good time! Stylishly, NANA is quite different from Renoir's good work and owes a special debt to Erich von Stroheim's FOOLISH WIVES (1922), a movie Renoir admired a lot - and on a personal note that I really should visit presto (has owned the Kino DVD and it another von Stroheims for 4 years now). Anyway, NANA is certainly not without its faults: a deliberate pace makes itself felt during the overly generous 130 minute run time with some sequences (the horse race in particular the midpoint) going on for too long. <br /> <br /> The oversized display on the display is also difficult to take at times - especially that of Catherine Hessling's Nana and Raymond Guerin-Catelain's Georges Hugon (one of her various suitors) ... even though they technically, their grades, ie. a bad actress (who goes to the courtesan lifestyle when she is booed from the stage) and an immature weakness, respectively. But like Anna Magnani in THE GOLDEN COACH, Hessling (Renoir's wife at that time) is not only attractive enough to be very convincing as the "epitome of elegance" (as another admirer describes her at a time), who is capable to slave together every man she meets. Other remarks in the casting are "Dr. Caligari" himself, Werner Krauss (as Nana's most keen devotee, Count Muffat), Jean Angelo (as an original skeptical, but ultimately tragic lawyer for Nana's) and future prominent film director Claude Autant-Lara ( billed as Claude Moore and also serving as art director here) as Muffat's close friend, but who is secretly enchanted with the latter's neglected wife! <br /> <br /> The print I saw - via Lionsgate's "Jean Renoir 3-Disc Collector's Edition" - is mostly a lovingly restored and beautifully toned, previously only available on French DVD. Based on a classic of French literature (by Emile Zola, no less), it may be nothing more than being screened several times, and the two most notable movie versions are Dorothy Arzner in 1934 (with Anna Sten and Lionel Atwill and which I own at VHS) and Christian-Jaque in 1955 (with Martine Carol and Charles Boyer, whom I am not familiar with).
