I loved this movie. I totally disagree with some (negative) criticisms that I have read over the years. This was a great vehicle for Eddie Murphy! He seemed to have a good time with his role as Chandler Jarrell, and he should never care about what the critics say if he had fun doing it ?? and most of his audience enjoyed it! And it was fun to watch as it combined a great fantasy excitement with Mr. Murphy's great comic style. You have to remember that 'Golden Child' is a 'fantasy' movie ?? just an imaginative work of magic and wondering in the midst of the 'real' world. During the time this movie was released, I worked in a video rental store. This was one of the most popular with all our customers. Each time we put it on our screen, ALL copies we had went out quickly with waiting list queries that kept it on the line for months! Everyone who rented it loved it! I was a resident film critic and all my regular customers would ask my opinion before renting ?? This was one of my favorites, and I knew my customers' tastes, so I strongly recommended this to most of them. I really feel that this movie is a sleeping ?? it may not have done too well at the ticket office ?? because of very poor marketing ?? but it hit a lot in the video rental and buying market later! (Yes, I bought this movie for my own video library!). I adored the little boy who played 'Golden Child' ?? J. L. Reate - but after looking at his profile in IMDb, I noticed that he never made more films. It's boring because he certainly had an aura on the screen and could have continued with a movie career. I also offered Victor Wong, who played the old man (I LOVED him in part as 'Egg Shen' in 'Big Trouble in Little China' - 1986). At least it was a fantastic movie. The only drawbacks that did not seem to fit with the theme were some of the parts that were a little more 'grown up' in nature ?? as' Chandler's rather sexual remarks about the snake lady, who was presented to him as a silhouette. It was fun, but it was still out of sync. OK, so there were a few suggestive free scenes ?? they were perhaps favored by today's mindset. This was still an adventurous and escapist-type movie that we need today to get away from all the hard core reality and depressing fluff that we are suffering from Hollywood. Now it's entertainment!
