I thought this was an excellent showcase for Mandy's lively booth. If you do not expect anything else, such as wise plot phrases and credible character development, you will not be disappointed. Consider this a sports Illustrated shoot whose character goes around killing people, especially those who threaten to come between her and her 'Mommy' (Suzanna Arquette, who obviously won't play the sex cat - she leaves it up to her daughter). Mandy's face is a little too perfect, but her body is a complete 5-alarm fire up there in Sophia Loren's ranks when it comes to natural bustiness, a perfect 7-10 relationship between waist and hips and beautifully configured legs, right down to the feet . (There must be an ideal configuration of the thighs of the calves' calves to the ankles that are completely pleasing to the eye; Mandy is definitely the model of this idealized relationship). And no flat shock to start, which seems to be the regret of many a busty child with baskets everywhere, except in the 'nether hemisphere'. Mandy could have used a body double in the back of her who lost her towel when she fell into the lit hot tub with her blindfolded German-Guy victim No. 2, but from all I could see from her bikini shots, she had the butt for It and didn't need a double to prove it. Mandy's acting has little to do with her impression of a psychotic 'Mommy's girl' with the obvious erotic lesbian overtones. Her bisexual character (which allows herself to be bowed in the whirlpool after a long flirtation with German guy No. 2, who also happened to be her mother's beloved) added an extra dimension to an otherwise one-dimensional caricature of youth jumble as opposed to pathological murderous impulses (always by the water with the men - the ultimate fate of the latina housekeeper was edited in the television release for some unclear reason). Mandy's uber-Nordic facial features combined with her Uber-Violent body can either be a blessing or a curse. If Mandy really wants to promote her career as an actress, I would recommend her to immerse herself fully in the Romance languages, especially Italian and Spanish - and perhaps French, though I do not know if they would go after her type. But this would allow her to unite her Bo Derek face with her Vida Guerra body - but perhaps her face is just too Nordic, and she has shown too much of her extraordinary body in a cheese film to enable her to move on to some more fame that was enjoyed by Michelle Johnson from the 1980s whose early fame in Blame it on Rio was followed by a series of skin flicks that failed to remove it from the ground. <br /> <br /> Vambo Drule.
