I always feel weird and guilty to say it (because I'm a pretty well-educated non-teenager), but I'm actually like the Olsen twins, and I respect the movies they make, even though I've never been their target audience. "When in Rome" was a traditional Mary-Kate and Ashley movie, complete with foreign travels, accents, motorcycles, adult romance as a "B" story, fashion orientation and even the ripple over the credits. I enjoyed myself. "When in Rome" and the other Olsen twin films never make something they are not; They only premiere on video and they never claim to be the next "Citizen Kane" or even "An Affair to Remember." My point is, people who watch this movie and expect it to be something other than another Olsen twin film, are disappointed. <br /> <br /> That said, those who are fans of the Olsen twins will really enjoy themselves. For those of us who have seen them since the first episodes of "Full House", it's really good to see them grow into more mature roles. This movie provides important historical and geographical information like many of their other films (remember 10 Downing Street from "Winning London" and the visit to the Louvre from "Passport to Paris"?) As well as providing a good and clean fun to be enjoyed by the whole the family. <br /> <br /> As long as I still feel like I'm on my soapbox and as long as I can make it relevant to the movie, let me take a moment to challenge those who reject the Olsen twins: To be a fan of The Olsen twins don't have to be a pre-teen "Valley Girl" from California. In fact, it's not really the target audience. If it were, the MK & A model line of clothing and accessories would run through Gap or any store like that, not Wal-Mart. "When in Rome," while doing "high fashion" and globe trotting and two girls from a valley in Cali, it's not really about it ... it's more about inspiring young girls who have the initiative to Let it take them places. If it means setting the movie in some glamorous foreign cities with cute boys on motorcycles, be it. It's called marketing - you take an idea and sell it by making it appealing. At least they send a good message, even though the funds seem a little shallow. <br /> <br /> In principle, do not hit the movie until you have seen it and then do not knock it until you have tried to understand what Olsen twins do: they encourage young girls to be creative, intuitive and driven young women. This movie does, I think, like their others. Kids - enjoy. Parents - do the same. If you like Olsen twins, you won't be disappointed.
