Fighting the death penalty is a just cause. Anyone who is sane in Europe would believe it. In the United States, everything else is. The film seems to demonstrate at a first stage that justice can be won against the racist bigot death penalty, which requires American justice. A young man is freed from the death row thanks to a law professor who went back to defense advice for this particular case. But the film has a sequel. Justice in the United States is governed solely by the purpose of revenge. Legal abuse is the same as claimed. A person in the local public law firm has a young man prosecuted for false charges. This lawyer's official drops after a while, and the kid goes out for free. But he loses his college scholarship, and he is castrated by some revengeists for whom there is no smoke without fire. He hides his shame and swears to get his revenge. But he also needs to satisfy his sexual needs, which are more mental than hormonal, but even stronger because mental and no longer hormonal, and he can only do it with little girls. He is apparently with another serial killer who is after the same kind of priests. One day the local police follow their intuition, guided by some vague circumstances in the murder of a young girl, and they arrest the young guy we're talking about. They beat him up and questioned him for 22 hours with nothing but battles and blows and phone books and weapons and Russian roulette. He admits. Sent to the death row, he asks his grandmother to take law professor in Massachusetts who is the man of the local public lawyer's representative who had wrongly persecuted him a few years ago, and the revenge is on the rails. It will fail, but it shows that as soon as one in the judiciary, police work and other security forces comes out of the absolute line of law, some unfair action has taken place that can destroy even the best case of accusation and which can approach the worst deepest imaginable thirst for revenge. To charge a person to circumstances is just as bad to let the circumstances destroy the police or justice. The best intentions on the police side are destroyed by personal involvement and vengeful intentions, as much as a person's life can be threatened by circumstances that are inflated in proportion to the evidence, which in turn will endanger the whole matter by being just circumstances, thus easily wasted, with a good lawyer. The film is then a deep reflection on the need to respect standards and rules along the police and justice lines if we do not want to make a mistake, which obviously does not justify the death penalty, as it nonetheless goes against the deepest faith Americans must have: "We Keeping these truths self-evident that all men are created equal that they are equipped by their Creator with certain immutable rights, that among them is life, freedom and persecution of happiness. "(Declaration of Independence) Life is an immutable right that was given to man by his Creator, which means no one, but whoever gave it can take it away. Only God can kill a person. Death penalty is the arrogant grant of a power that we do not have. Even if we do not evoke God, we cannot justify the death penalty except as revenge, and here is the film showing revenge the worst possible motivation in the execution of justice and in the establishment of public peace. If revenge is pushed aside, there is no other justification for this death penalty. And there can always be a mistake in the pursuit of happiness, but revenge. Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, University of Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne, University of Paris 8 Saint Denis, University of Paris 12 Créteil, CEGID
