A compelling Thriller !!, December 10, 2005 Author: Littlehammer16787 from USA <br /> <br /> Cause <br /> <br /> Cast: Sean Connery, Laurence Fishburne and Blair Underwood. <br /> <A liberal but benign Harvard lawyer Paul Armstrong is summoned to Flordia Everglades by the unjustly convicted black guy Bobby Earl. Apparently sadistic, cold-haired cops vilifyed and beat him to a pulp to get acquainted with a cruel murder of an eleven-year-old girl. As he digs more and more into the mysterious case, he realizes that Bobby Earl is a victim of discrimination. That the black police engineer Lt.Tanny Brown in the small community is corrupt and malicious. When the infamous, psychotic serial killer Blair Sullivan is introduced. He discovers he knows the location of the murder weapon that slaughtered the little girl. When Armstrong finds out that there is a clear coincidence of Sullivan's journey through the small town and the letter he personally wrote. Bobby Earl is getting rid of. Is unobstructed from prison and triggers his terrible punishment. Everyone seems to swim well until an unexpected phone call from serial killer Sullivan comes into focus. Arrstrstrong discovers a lurid double killer, who happens to be Sullivan's parents. Where he abhorrently detest. Sullivan preaches to Armstrong the truth about Joanie Shriver's vicious murder and why he was brought here. It turns out that Bobby Earl is a psychopathic killer and he raped and really killed Joanie Shriver. He just beat a bargain with fiendish psycho Sullivan. To get away, he could kill again for revenge. Without Armstrong's beautiful wife and daughter. Now, Sullivan is being executed for his death. Armstrong and tough good guy Brown chase the malicious villain into the Everglades to counteract him. When they arrive, Armstrong teaches that the psychotic sick Bobby Earl is planning to kill his wife and daughter for an earlier rape case, which inevitably enabled him to endure pain and castration. But good, skilled politician Brown comes out and claims the brutal villain. He is stuck and eaten by ruthless, male alligators. Paul Armstrong, Tanny Brown, his wife and daughter survive and live happily ever after. A good thriller that works. Delivers both mystery and subterfuge. How reluctant blacks are mocked by racist lawmakers. Convicted of unfair punishment. Although the mistakenly condemned innocent, friendly black man may indeed be the evil villain. Sean Connery is great as the ignorant, rather than you completely. Laurence Fishburne is cool as the average, arrogant but good guy game. Underwood and Harris are over the top and refreshing as the malevolent psychosis. Capeshaw is okay. Ruby Dee is great as the regular grandmother. The rest of the throw is also wonderful.
