This movie is really a mixed bag. On the one hand, the film's history and concept is really good, tense and has some good plot twists in it. But on the other hand, everything is said to be very slow, without style and effortless. I still consider "Just Cause" as an above average thriller simply because of the fine cast. Maybe Sean Connery was miscast in his role. I mean, he is not as credible as a main hero and father of a young daughter (played by a still very young Scarlett Johansson by the way) and man Kate Capshaw. I feel that he was simply too old for the role to be really credible. But Sean Connerey is, of course, a great actor and that is the only reason he can still carry the movie as well as he does. But he is, of course, helped by a very solid support cast consisting of actors such as Laurence Fishburne, Blair Underwood, Ned Beatty, Hope Lange, Lynne Thigpen and Ed Harris. All players are really good, but some of them are very underutilized at the same time, which is a real shame as well as a missed opportunity. Especially Ed Harris is just amazing in his role as a psychopathic serial killer. He is really chilling and performs excellently. Usually he does not play this ruthless, chilling kind of roles in movies, so he really surprises with his role in this. His performance alone is already more than enough reason to watch this movie. But because of the fact that history is told without much style and too formal, none of the characters in the film go really well because it feels far too distant. It really is the way to narration it kills the whole movie's fine potential. Arne Glimcher leads the film in a small style and keeps the pace too low at times. Because of this, we as viewers are never involved in the story or any of its characters. It's really too bad, because "Just Cause" had more than enough potential. A nice cast and a smooth story with some unexpected twists in it, where nothing is what it seems. The cast and the story is the only reason why this movie is still an above-average thriller that will probably still be the fan of the genre. It is, however, an eternal shame that the film is lacking in its storytelling and style, otherwise this film could have been a real classic in its genre. <br /> <br /> 7/10
