This is the fifth von Trier movie I've seen. I think he is the only instructor I have given such a high score on all his films. Four of them, the Crime Element, Europe, Breaking the Waves and Dancer in the Dark, I've given a 10 and one, The Idiots, I've given a 9 (and I've been reconsidered to give it a 10 since I first saw it , although I would like to see it again before I do it). He has been chided to call himself one of the best work directors. I tend to agree with him. I can't blame him for being arrogant when he has made such good movies. In the course of 50 years, when von Trier retires, he will be considered the prominent European artist (perhaps from the planet) and his name will be taught. He is simply Bergman or Fellini in our time. It's too bad that the critics are too tense with themselves to notice this. <br /> <br /> On Europe itself, I admit it was confusing and its narrative did not seem to be strong. I think it's the point. This film was of course meant to represent a nightmare or subconscious on some level. This is clearly from the movie's framing: Max von Sydow's story. We are hypnotized, or von Trier is hypnotized, and this is our / his subconscious mind. I tend to lean more toward his mind, as Europe's degradation concerns me, an American, very little. This framing is also clear if you have seen The Crime, an even more brilliant movie than this (though I dispute it in my heart what Europe needs more than anything is a proper release on DVD, hopefully Criterion again with theatrical aspect ratio and remastered sound and picture, then I'm pretty sure this movie seems as big as any of von Trier's other movies). In the Crime Group, the film begins with a hypnotist whom we actually see on the screen this time, is mesmerizing Fisher, a European detective who wants to get to the root of his mental anxiety. The first words in that movie are "Fantasy is okay, but my job is to keep you on the right track." And whenever Fisher, the narrator, comes out of the track, the hypnotist chases him and tells him to move on with the story. He laughs himself when a character gets a really stupid and thin line. Something in line with, "Do you understand the difference between good and evil?" The hypnotist laughs and says, "Now, Fisher, didn't she really say so, did she?" <br /> <br /> So the key to interpreting Europe, almost a sequel to Crime, is that we are deep in our / von trier's subconscious, and the symbols to be interpreted in ourselves and likely to be different for all . What does the train symbolize? Consider it internally and then only discuss it externally. Europe is a great movie, a masterpiece. I was never sad, even though I saw it at 3 o'clock. The perfect time to see, actually, as it works in dream logic.
