Storyline: Max von Sydow's voice translation hypnotizes the protagonist (and audience) back to 1945, when our protagonist, the young American ideologue Leopold Kessler (Jean-Marc Barr) has just arrived after WWII in 1945 Germany to help rebuild the damaged land. Uncle Kessler (Ernst-Hugo Järegård) delivers Leopold with a job in the large Zentropa train company, but soon Leopold falls in love with Katharina Hartmann (Barbara Sukowa); daughter of Zentropa owns Max Hartmann (Jørgen Reenberg). Leopold soon finds himself caught in a corruption site, exploited, lost his ideology, and forced to choose between pests or colera. <br /> <br /> Mystical, fascinating, manipulative, noirish, haunting, beautiful, and ugly. These are some immediate, grandiose descriptions that will come to mind when thinking of Lars von Trier's 1991 masterpiece EUROPA; the last chapter of the European trilogy. In the United States, ZENTROPA was resumed, so the audience would not confuse it with Agnieszka Holland's EUROPE EUROPE from 1990 (also a World War II drama). The Europe trilogy also consists of the CELEBRATION ELEMENT from 1984 and EPIDEMIC from 1987 (the infamous experiment that only sold 900 tickets in the Danish cinemas). The trilogy deals with thematic hypnotism and the loss of idealism, although the themes of this trilogy are not as important as the image's. In the opening of EUROPA we see a locomotive moving towards us, while our unidentified narrator literally hypnotises us: "On the mental numbers of the counters you will be in Europe. Be there at ten. I say, ten". A metaphor for the film's ability to transport us into a subconscious dream reality. <br /> <br /> EUROPE takes advantage of a strange but extremely effective visual style - the famous Russian director Andrei Tarkovsky is Trier's main influence, says it all. It's a black-and-white movie that has meanwhile been interlaced with red in the form of blood, a red dress, etc. According to rumors, this inspired Steven Spielberg to use the similar effect in SHINDLER'S LIST from 1993 (randomly another WWII drama) . In addition, Trier uses so-called Dutch angels and revives background projection by adding separate bullet-proof teams, but unlike old Hollywood films that are included for economic reasons, Trier uses it for artistic reasons. These carefully executed strange-looking visual techniques emphasize that we are in a dream world we are hypnotized; EUROPA's universe is not right! EUROPA is often criticized for weighing up advanced techniques (such as multilayer background projection) over plot and characters, but hi that is what proofreaders criticized Stanley Kubrick's 1968 visual masterpiece 2001: A SPACE ODYSSEY for - today it is a mandatory place in all cinema history books. <br /> <br /> EUROPA is also accused of historical inaccuracy. Apparently, Trier assigns the Nazi 's Werewolf Terrorist Group to much historical significance. According to various online sources that are correct (a fascinating topic - try Googl'ing it yourself!), However, Trier's purpose is neither educational nor depicting history precisely. EUROPA is an endless nightmare. Leopold Kessler is hypnotized, therefore the universe, which the audience meets, is a distorted reality. Similarly, it shows how our memory deceives us - a 100% accurate reconstruction is a lie! Although young audiences experiencing EUROPA are too young to have World War II memories, we have a collective memory of various BBC documentaries, so these little inaccuracies actually serve a purpose: they inform us that we are not in WWII Germany in 1945, but in Leopold's memory of it. <br /> <br /> All three European trilogy chapters depict young ideologies of noble intent forced to corruption and lose their ideological innocence. The ambiguous conclusions of the CRAZY ELEMENT and EUROPA show that the ideologues are forever trapped in their hypnotized realities. Before, during and after shooting EUROPA in 1990 in Poland, Lars von Trier and co-author Niels Vørsel were extremely interested in World War II. It shows. It is filled with extremely beautiful shots that capture the atmosphere in the spot-on period. A good example is the old Polish church (EUROPA was shot in Poland primarily for economic reasons) in Europe's last action. As in 2001: SPACE ODYSSEY, I believe that EUROPA will receive the rightful deserved place of cinema history. Its method of turning old film-noir love-affair cliches and visual techniques is so unique, strange and quite different from anything you want to see from Hollywood today or another dream factory for that matter. <br /> <br /> EUROPA is an important film in the Lars von Trier catalog. Some write it as pure commercial speculation, but it would be disastrous. It is up there with other Trier classics and semi-classics such as the CRIME ELEMENT from 1984, the TV series RIGET from 1993 and DOGVILLE from 2003. It is a unique experience from before Trier cared about his actors and before Dogme95 Manifesto. See it! "On the count of ten ..." 9/10
