I was hardly aware of the time in the story depicted in this 1971 black comedy, but that is not to say that it was not available to me because the movie makes it very clear. It is set in the 16th century Brazil, where rival French and Portuguese settlers exploit the vicious people who confederates in their struggle to assert dominance. What is particularly interesting about the film is that it is made by the Portuguese from the French point of view. The hero is a sympathetic Frenchman, the Portuguese are barbarians, and the rest of the French are oppressive and greedy. The film's Portuguese decision-makers are objective, because when all is said and done, we see that there is no difference whose side takes. It is about heredity overwhelmed by the environment for a time strongly defined by tribes. Enemies are created and sustained, and as such, environmental integration never develops. <br /> <br /> A Frenchman is trapped by the Portuguese, then it is caught by a native tribe, Tupinambas, after they massacre a group of Portuguese. The tribal shamant predicted that they would find a strong Portuguese man to cannibalize as revenge for the chief's brother to be killed by a Portuguese musket ball. Thinking the Frenchman is Portuguese, they think they now have one. Nevertheless, the Frenchman gets an unlimited course of the village, is formerly or later given a wife and assumes their usual appearance rather than his western clothing or clothing. Another Frenchman comes to the village and tells the tribe that their prisoner is actually Portuguese, so assures the mocked Frenchman that he will tell them the truth when the Frenchman finds a secret treasure chest hidden by another European. <br /> <br /> I found the opening scene fun because its story with its contradictions on the screen serves as a great satire, even though the movie didn't seem to want to maintain that tone much more often. In fact, it's not a terribly tearing movie. The bountiful, important site, hard lifestyle and mature native women make not only the Frenchman, but also we forget any threat, and we have the feeling of being a free man. It should not be so terribly difficult to escape. Cannibalism is so lacking in lust as the cast's full frontal nudity, suggested instead of the representative core of Pereira dos Santo's dry political comic book of New World mythology and undeveloped social context. In any case, this 1500-year-old social commentary, shot in place by a 365-island bay, almost completely nude and almost completely written in Tupi, encourages effective degradation of established ways that are current because they have repeated themselves for centuries.
