After a love story in Har Dil Jo Pyaar Karega, these 3 stars were again selected in this controversial flick. The film would have been considered as a hit if there was no controversy with the Bharat Shah production values. Here director duo Abbas-Mustan did a very different and unique job in relation to their previous and subsequent direct ventures. They are considered exciting decision makers in Bollywood. But in this CCCC they showed that they might as well manage to make a romantic family drama. There is hardly a single action scene when Preity was raped by Salman's colleague in his apartment, Salman beat him. <br /> <br /> The film has almost all standards and ingredients such as song, history, casting, performances, etc. needed to make a movie here. But of course for Salman's fan it was something a surprise gift from him. Why? For so long he has made roles where he has a scene to show his open body and dance la-la-la around. His role as a rich young businessman who has a blur and a normal attitude is truly impressive. After all, Madhubala is a prostitute role performed by Preity amazing. Later when she also cares about her life, she deserves the right attention. Her facial expressions and body language become more attractive, and her focus is primarily on her. Her former role as a pregnant woman in Kya Kehna was not as heartbreaking as it is here. It can of course be described as improvement. So Priya, a very innocent and helpless wife to Raj, who only depends on him for a better result. She has no strong influence in history, as the main ingredients are in the hands of Preity. Finally, the main point of history is something rare and unique in itself. In the real world of this age, it is not entirely impossible to take such a step to search for a surrogate mother. Perhaps there are many in this great world where these are kept secret. And in this way, the scriptwriter of CCCC has uncovered a hidden truth that takes place in other everyday life. But still there is a doubt.
