CCCC is the first good movie in Bollywood in 2001. When I first saw the movie's trailer, I thought it would be a lovely family movie. I was right. Salman Khan has given his strongest performance ever. My family wasn't so keen on him, but after watching this movie, my family is very impressed with him. Rani and Preity are wonderful. The movie is a big hit because of the three biggest stars. <br /> <br /> It's about Raj (Salman Khan) and the Priya meeting and falls in love. They get married and go to Switzerland for their honeymoon. When they return, Raj and Priya find out that Priya is pregnant. Raj's family is full of joy when they find out especially Raj's dada (Amrish Puri). Raj and his family play a cricket one day, and Priya has an accident that causes Priya to have an abortion. Raj has a very close family friend who is a doctor, Balraj Chopra (Prem Chopra). He tells Raj and Priya that she can no longer have more children. Raj and Priya keep it quiet from the family. Raj and Priya decide to go for surrogacy. Surrogacy to them is that they will find a girl and Raj, and the girl will have a baby together and then hand over the baby to Raj and Priya. Raj finds a girl. Her name is Madhubala (Preity Zinta). She is a dancer and a prostitute. Raj tells her the situation and bribes her with money and she agrees. Raj changes Madhubala completley. Raj tells Priya that he has found a girl. Madhubala and Priya meet and become friends. They go to Switzerland to do this, so nobody finds out. Priya spends the night in a church, and Raj and Madhubala are alone and they spend the night together. The doctor confirms that Madhubala is pregnant and they are all happy. Raj tells his family that Priya is pregnant. They are happy again. Madhubala is going to love Raj and she wants him. What happens next? See CCCC to find out. <br /> <br /> The only thing I didn't like about the movie is their idea of ​​surrogacy. They should have made it the right way in the movie, but it didn't destroy the movie. It was still excellent. <br /> <br /> The songs in the movie are great. My favorites are "Chori Chori Chupke Chupke", Dekhne Walon Ne "," Deewana Hai Yeh Mann "and" Mehndi. "The song" Mehndi "is very colorful. In that song it shows ghod bharai and it is very colorful The movie deserves 10 / 10!
