Prolific and highly influential film maker Martin Scorsese examines a selection of his favorite American films grouped according to three different types of directors: the director as an illusionist: D.W. Griffith or F. W. Murnau, who created new editing techniques among other changes that provoked sound and color later on; The director smuggling: filmmakers like Douglas Sirk, Samuel Fuller, and mostly Vincente Minnelli, directors who used to explain rebellious messages in their movie; and the director as iconoclast: the filmmakers who attack civilian observations and social hangings such as Orson Welles, Erich von Stroheim, Charles Chaplin, Nicholas Ray, Stanley Kubrick and Arthur Penn. He shows us how the old studio system in Hollywood was, even though it was oppressive, the way film directors were in developing the medium because of how they were bound by political and economic constraints. Under his clips from the films he shows us, we not only discover movies we have never seen before, but we are also made to see what he sees. He assesses his stylistic sensitivities along with the directors of the sequences themselves. <br /> <br /> The idea of ​​a movie gun has been known as snobbish, so some movie fans and critics are favored just by making "lists". However, canon simply denotes "the best" and film gun supporters claim it is a valuable activity to identify and experience a selected compilation of the "best" films, much like a major hit band, if it is just a start for movie students. All in all, one's experience has shown that everyone writes about movies, including reviews, works to construct a movie gun. Some movie guns can certainly be elitist, but others can be "populist". For example, the Internet movie database's Top 250 movie list contains many films included in several "elitist" movie guns, but also includes recent Hollywood movie clips, how many movies "elitists" scoff, like The Dark Knight, currently mingling in the top ten in the middle of the first two godfather films, Schindler's List and One Flew Over the Guck's Nest, and the fluctuation of similar productions further down such as Iron Man, Sin City, Die Hard, The Terminator and Kill Bill: Vol. 2. Writer Scorsese's taxi driver Paul Schrader has even referred to his canon as "elitist" and claims this is positive. Scorsese is not particularly vocal about his social and political ideologies, but when we see this intense and indeed obsessive history lesson on the birth and growth of American bio in both ideological realms, we see that there is really no particular virtue in either. elitism or populism. Elitism concentrates all attention, recognition and thus power on those who are considered excellent. This discrimination can easily lead to complacency much in the way of Jean-Luc Godard's discouraging work or the transnationalization of a filmmaker like Michael Haneke. But populism invokes a belief in representative freedom as only claiming the will of people. As has previously been argued about the all-encompassing misconceptions people have about cinema, populism can be the end of the cinema's potential power and impact. One can only continue to watch movies because it is a vital social and metaphysical practice. And that's what Martin Scorsese spends nearly four hours here trying to tell us something that can't be told without being seen firsthand.
