When the British Film Institute asked Martin Scorcese to create the American part of his century in the cinema series, he took the opportunity for both hands. A personal journey through American movies is a fascinating, broad and, as the title says, a very personal look at the Hollywood cinema. Scorcese's story is primarily about Hollywood board members ?? actors, producers, writers and other collaborators hardly mention anything. From the beginning, he says that for him, the primary conflict in the film industry is between the director's vision and the distributor's merit between art and commercial viability. He even opens with a clip from Vincente Minnellis The Bad and the Beautiful, one of the earliest films to openly explore this contradiction. This dictates the structure of the documentary. Scorcese looks at how genres have become darker, and clichés have been challenged, how mavericks have challenged the production code, and how certain filmmakers fell from grace, as they dared to be different. Scorcese, however, never falls into the auteurist trap of dismissal directors, who consistently welcome the studio bosses (he lavishes praise on Cecil B. De Mille) or those who had less recognizable style yet were master craftsmen of the cinema. <Br /> <br /> Scorcese does not necessarily focus on his absolute favorite directors either (Orson Welles and Alfred Hitchcock, two of Scorcese's greatest influences are mentioned only in passing). Instead, he looks at the people and movies that serve to tell his story. For example, he shows us a number of John Ford movies to show how the Western evolved. He looks at the work of Vincente Minnelli (probably the most referenced director of the documentary) to show how a presumably healthy genre as musical could also have darker undercurrents. I can imagine that if this task was not limited to America, Scorese would also have loved to talk about, for example, his Italian influence or his British hero Michael Powell. As it is, does he extend the definition of American films to include both Hollywood films of immigrant directors such as FW Murnau, Billy Wilder and Douglas Sirk, as well as the work of American born filmmakers produced elsewhere? as for Stanley Kubrick. <br /> <br /> Instead of just telling the story of Hollywood chronologically, Scorcese's films compare from different time periods to tackle different topics. In his section on the cinema's language and tools, he begins with DW Griffith, looks at sound, color and widescreen coming and inevitably ends up over computer-generated effects, which, although scorcese are not keen on them, he is just as sure To include clips of George Lucas and Francis Ford Coppola defend them. But he does not just end the chapter here, as if it is the end of it. Instead, he rewinds back to the 1940s to show how a low budget fear like The Cat People can achieve effective results from the simplest and cheapest items. <br /> <br /> A personalized journey through American movies must be one of the best movie documentaries made. There were a number of excellent instructors and pictures that I would never have discovered without, and even the most spicy filmmakers would probably find something new in its broad scope. Scorese has also restored the balance to forgotten or undervalued images. I was glad to see it when he talks about Kubrick in his "Iconoclasts" chapter, he looks at Lolita and Barry Lindon, for me his two most underrated films. Scorcese's respect for the media is shown in the way he allows clips to play completely instead of just giving us small bits, and he interrupts them with talking heads (a combination of archives and new interviews) only when needed. There is a bit of bias against the 40s and 50s, but it is hardly surprising as it is the era in which scorcese grew up and discovered cinema. And after all, I don't think this documentary could have been achieved if it wasn't a personal journey. <br /> <br /> A word of warning but in depth looking at certain images, this documentary contains a reasonable pair of spoilers.
