For people interested in business and business, this show is simply the best of the best. As one of the previous participants in the show wrote in his blog about this innovative show: Business people finally had an audience. The whole idea is perfect; Having a group of business people competing against each other in business-related tasks located in the best place in the world, New York City. Donald Trump is perfect as a boss, though his ego is greater than the entire universe's infinity. He also makes many dubious decisions about who is to burn, which is one of the negatives of the show. Season 1: The big season, the best season for the "normal". This season was the one that was most about real business skills. Later, the series almost drowned in market-related tasks with far too many product placements. Great and interesting participants in general, with the most sympathetic character ever in this series: Troy. I know I'm not the only one who suspects that the Trump World Tower episode where he was fired was rigged to get Amy and Nick to win this particular job. Season 2: Also a good season. The tasks were still pretty ok, and it had many interesting participants. Jen M was horrible and should never have made it to the final IMO. Also this season had the worst firing ever (Pamela). <br /> <br /> Season 3: Horrible. In fact, I liked the concept of book smarts vs street smarts, but the cast was so horrible (it also turned out that Trump hated the cast too) that the whole season was a total disaster. Best moments were the second episode (motel renovation), with PM Brian Lighthouse, a guy who added nothing but huge amounts of comedy value. Season 4: An excellent season, much because of the interesting and entertaining participants this season (especially Randall, Alla, Marcus and the total disaster whose name was Toral). The "Take Me Out to the Boardroom" episode is one of the absolute classics of this show, ending with the well-bought quadruple. Unfortunately, I think we were robbed to Randall vs the All-Final. I think Trump was afraid she could have won and prevented it. <br /> <br /> Season 5: A boring season with really no special things for it. Brent was just an embarrassment and of course only there to create drama. The tasks were terrible overall (how did a jingle have to do with business at all?). I think the best man won, but personally I couldn't care less. Season 6: I can see why they wanted to try LA as a new location for the show, but looking back, it was a mistake. New York will always be the place for this. This season added so many new things, most of them awful (like losing teams to sleep outside in tents, PM continues to win PM). The tasks were terrible, and Trump also chose the wrong winner. James deserved it without a doubt. <br /> <br /> Season 7: Celebrity edition. Best season ever. Completely different rules (like the use of rolodexes), but all fun and entertaining. The biggest problem was that many of the participants were not really celebrities at all, especially the women where everyone was unfamiliar to me, except Omarosa, who is a total shame for everything she participates in. This seemed to be Gene Simmons season, but after making a complete fool during the Kodak mission, another man came out of the shadows: Piers Morgan. Never has anyone dominated a season that he did. He crushed his opponents and also came across as a guy with a great sense of humor (though some uptight Americans (not all Americans of course don't take me wrong) unfortunately they don't have the social skills to understand it). Way to go piers !! <br /> <br /> For fans of this I highly recommend the British version starring sir alan sugar as the boss. In fact, the British version is far better, and it says something when the American (and the original) really is a good show. One thing about the British version is that the participants usually tend to behave like decent people on the board, as opposed to the constant shouting and rude behavior taking place in the American version.
