The interesting aspect of "The Apprentice" is that it shows that traditional job interview and resume do not necessarily predict teamwork skills, job engagement and job performance. And they do not reveal any hidden agendas at all. In other words, a good indicator of the potential can be to see a job applicant in action, which is the "apprentice" point. People looking for a business position can hand over a sugared CV and put their best personality clothing on the interview, but it is not necessarily the best indicator of strengths, weaknesses, and performance. In short, "The Apprentice" involves 16 job candidates competing for the ultimate career opportunity: a real estate agent Donald Trump's investment firm. "The Apprentice" refers to the winner who will win a paid position, learn the art of working with high stakes from the master himself and presumably get primary corporate connections. The position is a dream come true for those who want to make more money than some of the foreign countries' GNI. To lure the candidates, Trump shows his private jet, his private luxury apartments filled with statues and works of art, his limos, his connections to celebrities and other aspects of the life of a billionaire magnet. <br /> <br /> The road to success is not easy. The group is divided into two teams that compete against each other. Each has a company name, such as Versacorps and Protégé Corporation. The teams are assigned tasks involving an entrepreneurial business such as advertising, selling goods or negotiating. Teams choose a project manager who provides management and organizational skills to complete the task. If they win, the boss receives a lot of credit, especially in the eyes of the final arbiter. If they lose, the leader can also be scape the goat. Some of the tasks are monumentally difficult with only a day or two to complete. Tasks may involve creating a TV commercial or printing ad. Others may involve sales in a store or on the street. The tasks bring out the best and worst of the participants. They often immediately show who is most reliable, who is most trustworthy and who works hard. And the tasks also reveal who is not a good team player who is ineffective and who only works for himself. The tasks unexpectedly reveal in unexpected ways the participants' strong and weak points and especially the project leader. How well the leader communicates with the team, delegates the work, organizes time and sets specific goals, will greatly determine the outcome, but it does not necessarily imply the winner. <br /> <br /> The most narrative aspect of a person's potential is when he or she is assigned as a project manager. Their real abilities, unlike their self-propelled abilities, immediately show through veneers that cannot be hidden by a $ 100 silk ribbon or a beautiful makeover. Leadership qualities and / or weaknesses are often painfully obvious after just a few minutes. Those who promote themselves as leaders are not always as strong as they are in a leadership situation in reality. It's always easier to "toot your own horn" than actually engaging in leadership. Project managers, even those on the winning teams, often do not formulate a coherent strategy. They often believe that diving into the deep end to finish the task in the first moment instead of taking some time to organize and discuss how the task will be accomplished is more effective. More often than not, members of a poorly-strategized team run like headless chickens who count on it when they go together, and ultimately they beat much more time. <br /> <br /> The winning team gets a taste of the high life, such as dining at an exclusive restaurant flying in a private jet and / or meeting a celebrity. The losing team comes to the dreaded whiteboard, where Trump hears the members' lame excuses and beats one or more of the contestants as pieces of a chessboard with the now infamous "You're fired". The project leader is often partly responsible for the team's loss and may be the goal of Trump's accusatory rhetoric. Every week, at least one person becomes a loss of the losing team. <br /> <br /> My least favorite aspect of "The Apprentice" is the board. While the tasks themselves propagate the strengths and weaknesses of the candidates, the board frame often brings the worst out. Unfortunately, the rules of the game insist that there is a winning team and a losing team, even though the competition was close. Members of the losing team begin to blame each other, often ruthlessly, about who was to blame. And sometimes more than one person gets fired. I rarely see an underperforming candidate in charge of their actions on the board. Christ's Frank and Kwame Jackson were possibly the only candidates who took full responsibility for her loss and received no recognition of this selfless act. For me, the Frank Frank and Kwame Jackson had the most integrity of most candidates. But Trump saw Christ as weak and fired her and asserted that she did not stand up for herself, which may mean he appreciates ego more than integrity. No one should sacrifice their integrity for this. Christ's Frank may not have become an apprentice, but she can live with herself and know that she did not obey others. Isn't that worth winning? <br /> <br /> The power of "The Apprentice" is also its weakness. Because the team's performance is judged strictly by winners and losers, other evaluation options are overlooked. Removing large gaps between winning and losing teams, sometimes losing teams, exemplifies a high standard of collaboration and efficiency. I have seen losing teams that sometimes seem better organized than the winning team. We Americans are so often obsessed with winning and losing that we often overlook excellence.
