In this swimming pool, the pond is lilies and there are frogs. Frogs are sitting on water lilies. The seed and water lily have a parasitic relationship. Marie (Pauline Acquart) is a water lily, a synchronized swimming groupie with a crush on Floraine (Adele Haenel), a seed captain of her team. Floraines teammates push their leader because the preternaturally curved and well-proportioned blonde conveys a loose person who confuses the synchronized swimmer's thinking of conformity and discipline. But Floraine has a secret; The bombshell has a bombshell, which "Naissance des Pieuvres" reveals the visa to the public before she confides in Marie. Floraine has never gone as they say entirely, with a boy. <br /> <br /> At a party we see a double image of the budding sex bomb checking her make-up in a bathroom mirror. "Lolita" is a cool morning. Marie gets to know Florain's double, while her imitation breaks the heart of the water lily. While the frog goes through the movements to catch flies for appearance sake, she becomes chummy with the water lily when no one sees it. In the film's most eye-catching scene, the water lily accepts to give the frog a hand in losing its virginity through the mechanical action of oral stimulation. Floraine wants boys to like her, but she doesn't like boys, apparently, but it's more important for the seed that she is popular. When the water lily finally kisses the seed, the seed remains a seed. The frog cannot turn into a water lily or a princess, because the water lily lost its respect. After their lips have unlocked, Floraine Marie says, "Look, it's easy," which is the frog's way of comparing their kisses with the orgasm, which her friend gave her as nothing more than a rite-of-passage with no strings. Floraine beauty is a burden. She carries the weight of meeting the boy's expectations. Florence uses Marie to have a final flake before her father's morning represses her imitation in the closet. The other water lily, the second seed, Marie's best friend Anne (Louise Blachere) and Floraine's frustrated boy toys Francois (Warren Jacobs), like any water lily and seeds, also have a parasitic relationship. While Floraine uses Marie for love, Francois uses Anne for sex. But it's life; It is the betrayal of growing up where even a friend will turn on a good friend if the opportunity to move up the food chain presents itself. At a McDonald's, the water lily chastises the second lily after bringing it to a large extent into the afterglow of the seed. Physical beauty is a currency. Marie gets to call the shots because Anne, although not ugly, is overweight and has a mind-blowing hairdresser. Anne tries to fight back using her breasts with ample retribution (the magnifying glass from her Happy Meal happens to comment on Maria's flat breast), but the tadpoles (Marie thinks she's better than Anne better than a water lily) point out that her breasts are a by-product of fat. <br /> <br /> Teenage girls can be brutal to each other. <br /> <br /> Later in the final shot, "Naissance des pieuvres" suggests that Marie also has a double and this symbiosis among water lilies has the potential to become parasitic in the near future if not already. Teenaged girls can be brutal to each other in a way that no boy could match.
