It sounds like it should be a biography of Claude Monet, but it's actually a very focused story of relationships between three young girls on a French synchronized swim. There are no parents or teachers to talk about, no school and boys are represented by a peripheral figure, the hunky Francois who goes into history certainly from time to time and always confused. <br /> <br /> Pauline Aquart is the youngest of the three who only want to join the team, she so much admires. She is a little strange looking. She is not yet out of her young growth spurt and has long, limb limbs, big feet and no derriers to talk about. She is predictive and sports these plump pursed lips. After a while her appearance grows on you and from some angles she may seem enchanting. <br /> <br /> Adele Haenel is older - more well, more developed physically. What a glamorous figure she cuts in her swimsuit, sags around and drags the boys and swings her long blonde hair. But she is not what she thinks. Or is she? I couldn't quite figure it out. The French are long on paradoxes and lack consistency. No wonder Francois always sniffs at her. <br /> <br /> There is not so much ambiguity in Louse Blacher's character. She is also on the team, but she is dumpy and clean and sensitive about it, and has an intense crush on Francois. Blachere is a good actress and adds the character's character to her performance. <br /> <br /> The film deals with the relationships between these three, which means intrigue, fraud, hidden emotions and the rest of what we associate with young girls who spend a lot of time with each other. This is of course a difficult issue. It becomes more difficult during the gradual development of a homoerotic relationship between Pauline and Adele. Not that you should expect this to be a soft porn movie. The only nudity we see is considerably less than a trip, and what little gender is under the covers, sometimes literally. <br /> <br /> I don't think I want to get into the plot or in its analysis too much, partly because it is suggestive rather than expressed through action, partly because it's complex and partly because I'm not sure that I have it all. Let me give an example. Okay. Adele is the girl of the other envy. She is also quite distant and complacent. In addition, she apparently changes every boy and man in sight, if they can not at all benefit him, from the beautiful but stupid Francois to the bus driver, she wants a favor from. She scares unashamedly about her expertise in fellatio. When Pauline approaches her to participate in the swimming team, Adele uses her as a lookout during the awards with the boys. A superior and forgiving narcissist, you know? But then the soiant slam takes the thin Pauline under her wing and reveals to Pauline that she is still a virgin. Really? Yes really. Pauline begins to draw closer to Adele, and finally Adele acknowledges that she wants to get rid of her hymen, and she wants Pauline to do it for her. Pauline, who is now sexually drawn to Adele, performs the task with subdued taste. NOW Adele really wanted to get it on with a man, preferably older and experienced. So she takes Pauline to a boite where she dances seductively with a guy until she follows Pauline to the powder room. The two girls stand there and stare at each other and have neither openly expressed a sexually interested interest in the other. But Adele is so close that Pauline slowly loosens her own reins up and kisses Adele on her lips. Adele resigns and smiles and says, "It wasn't that bad, was it?" And then go back to the club. It's a pretty close description of anything going on between Pauline and Adele - but what the hell is going on? In the beginning, Adele treats Pauline as an irrelevant child, later as a close friend, finally as a potential lover - and the moment Pauline responds, Adele goes happy. Does she use Pauline as she seems to use men? Is Adele Satisfying to Know That She Has Another Person in involuntary servitude? I do not know. <br /> <br /> I have beaten Louise Blachere as the third member of the trio, the plain and exaggerated wall flower whose expression always suggests dumbfoundedness, but which is at least thoroughly heterosexual and the first of three to get rid of it noisy virginity, but I have only skipped her for the space considerations. <br /> <br /> Do you see it? In every way. (Just compare it to the typical American movie about high school kids.) For men, some of whom have never penetrated the female mystery, this may give you an idea of ​​how it looks in the middle.
