Water Lilies is a well-crafted first film from France on young female sexuality and friendship. Sciamma works with specialized, slightly sanitized material that is so off-putting to some as it is appealing to others. The film focuses solely on three middle-class teenage girls in a beautiful new suburb of Paris. Their lives are about a large indoor swimming pool, where two of the three are part of a synchronized water ball. <br /> <br /> Such disturbances as parents, siblings, work and school have been nicely carved from the equation. The central sensitivity belongs to the beautifully sweet but lean Marie (Pauline Acquart) who is not on the team, but thinks she would like to be. Marie adores Floriane (Adèle Haenel), an amazing blonde and team standout who the boys are after. This takes Marie away from her former best friend, also a member of the water ball team, the somewhat lumpy Anne (Louise Blachère). Being less special Anne is more truly available to the boys. Floriane, like this movie, promises a little more than she really offers. Marie has the more crucial quality for a teenage girl: she suffers inward. Flroiane doesn't suffer as much as jumping into situations and then bolting. <br /> <br /> Marie is dazzled by the glamor of the water ball and Floriane. Floriane takes advantage of this to make Marie her first slave and cover for her awards and therefore lacks other friends, her confidential. All the other girls believe Floriane a blunt, an illusion she encourages men and boys she plagues because it leads them on. She suffers from the beautiful girl's destiny for not being a person but an object, and she cannot resist the validation that the boys give her by kissing her and bed her, but she doesn't care at all about any of them and Knowing her involvement with them is a trap. Enlisting Marie to act as her friend, saw her (invisible) mother not knowing that she was going to meet boys, she also made Marie save her from the boys later. It looked the opposite at first, but Floriane needs Marie as much as Marie thinks she needs her. Anne is back with her discomfort with her body and a desire to be laid, who are grounders and more real than the other girls. <br /> <br /> By keeping all external context in check, Sciamma can mark subtle shifts in the delicate equation of the goals and interactions of the three girls. On the other hand, the film's water whiteness, which includes plenty of shower and saliva as well as underwater swim shots, makes it feel completely airless at times, and some of its 95 minutes do not go so fast. Fortunately, the film has a sense of humor and sometimes lets the trio forget their ever-present goals and avoidances and just do silly, meaningless girl things. These are the creepy moments that give the film life; too bad in a way that there are no more of them. But Sciamma has the courage of her obsessions, and what remains as you go out of the theater are the personalities and their dynamics. Along the way, it is of course pleasant to watch the swimming and stare at the girls, who understandably love to stare at themselves. <br /> <br /> There is no great revelation or drama on the way, but things get a little more interesting when it appears that Marie not only admires but really wants Floriane and is jealous of her lovers - as Floriane always stops before they go all the way. In a typical irony of this kind of plot Floriane actually decides that she wants her first real sex with Marie - but Marie is the one who loves because she knows that it will not matter to Floriane that it wants to her. When that happens, it's a busy, mechanical affair. Meanwhile, Anne has a big crush at Francois (Warren Jacquin), a male swimmer, but of course he is after Floriane. Boys are not an element that has been withdrawn and there always seem to be more than a dozen clear at the poolside or on the dance floor, but they are only organs and faces available staples.
