The significance of the French title of this film, "La Naissance des Pieuvres", which literally means "the birth of the Octopus," is quite unclear, so it may not be surprising that it has been marketed in English-speaking countries as "water lilies". The English title "lilies" are three teenage girls, Marie, Anne and Floriane, members of a synchronized swimming pool based in the suburbs of Paris, and the film is a "coming-of-age" drama about developing their first sexual feelings. <br /> <br /> A feature of the movie, perhaps unusual for a movie of this type, is that it only concentrates on relationships between the young ones themselves. We see nothing of their parents or their teachers, and very little of the adult world at all. The three girls are very different in appearance and are portrayed as very different in character. The shy, retiring Marie is slim and small and seems to be the youngest of the three. Anne is something of a pure Jane, Floriane a glamorous blonde who is very popular with the boys. The three, along with a beautiful male swimmer named Francois, are involved in what can be described as a love square. <br /> <br /> Anne is in love with Francois, but he is merged with Floriane, who seems to return his feelings even though he is in no way his only male admirer. In fact, not all of Florian's admirers are male, because Marie is in love with her attractive friend. The film shows how their friendship develops; At first, it seems that Floriane simply uses Marie as a convenient excuse when she actually goes to meet boys; Her parents presumably take on her dating boys, but have no objection to her going out with female friends. Later, however, we realize that despite Florian's image as the sexy, popular girl who is always the center of male attention, she actually reproduces Marie's feelings. The film turns some conventional stereotypes about sexuality. Anne, with her short hair and a little obscure figure, typically looks like "butch," but she is the only one of the three main characters who are unambiguously heterosexual, while the more conventional feminine Marie and the glamorous Floriane are lesbians or at least bisexual. <br /> <br /> Come-in-year movies are common enough, although most of them tend to avoid the controversial subject of teenage lesbianism. "Water Lilies", however, deals with its subject in a sensitive way with three very good performances from its three leading actresses, Pauline Acquart, Adele Haenel and Louise Blachere. The relationships between the characters, especially between Marie and Floriane, are complex and capable of a number of interpretations. (Can Floriane for example just use Marie for sex, or does she really have romantic feelings for her? Can Florian's final behavior with Francois and the other boys just be a unit to hide his lesbian feelings from the outside world? Or even hide them from himself?) This was the first film made by his young director Celine Sciamma (only 27 at the time); Against this background, she must be regarded as a very promising newcomer. 10.7
