I looked at SHORE LEAVE the other day. I've seen it so many times and I never get tired of it. Strangely enough, every time I see it lately, it takes me right back to the first time I saw it. Including this time. Must be the feeling of mystery and "What happens here?" about that. In fact, the only part of the story that always felt awkward and uncomfortable for me was a great effect on me - Ruth. I think much of it was Gerald Fried's score. A real masterpiece, it! The romantic section was recycled - much more extensive - on this side of paradise. But of course it debuted here. I get the impression that out of all the girls, Kirk knew over the years that she was perhaps the "cutest". When she said, "Are you going?" In combination with the music, I could really feel the pain she might have felt because he couldn't make him stay with her. One person commented online that Ruth looked older than he was, but she should not have age at all for 15 years. Which makes me think ... Maybe she was one of the teachers at the academy. Kirk had an affair with an older woman! (Maybe he thought back to this in "MIRI" when he told Janice: "I never get involved with older women." Maybe he meant "... more." Reading ST assesses the second day I see where someone compared "What are some little flies made of" with me, but it seems that SHORE LEAVE is also in there. What are all those "people" if not androids? And could "The Caretaker" be related to "The Oldes" from it former episode? The one he is, seems to be one of the rare cases in ST where you have a race that is actually "superior" as opposed to just thinking they are. <br /> <Yeoman Barrows thinks to be filling in the Yeoman Rand, considering how much attention Dr. McCoy has threatened her, it is only a more frustrating example of a potentially good character that appears once and never again! Sheesh. /> < br /> One thing missing from the last few I've seen, snuck back here was Spock smiling. He was! I saw him. is really knowing that there are 2 pages to h I am going all the time, rather than this "submerged" business. When he said, "Enjoy yourself, sir." Almost in the beginning you could see it was not just his addressing to his superior officer but talking to his friend. And finally, when he says unnecessarily, "Totally illogical!", I can't help but think he's doing it purely to provoke a reaction. He must not smile or laugh, but I think he likes to see his fellow men around him happy.
