This is a hull; many Trek fans do not consider this as high as the well-known all-time classic episodes, because it lacks the deep meaning or undertone of the really beautiful, but one is so well executed for what it is, as successful as pure entertainment, it always makes my personal list of the top ten or so episodes, no matter what mood i am. (The TNG show has of course upgraded the concept with holodeck technology). Beautifully filmed (especially evident in the restored version and on DVD) and directed, it takes place in the nice park-like setting of a planet that Enterprise has just come to. It is strange that there is no wildlife, even insects, here (how do you blow, for example), but it gets really strange when members of the landing party begin to see people from their past (Kirk has a popular past, turns out), as well as figures from other well-known fantasy stories. Sulu even finds an old-fashioned police force (adding to his collection of swords without a doubt). At this time in the Trek series (halfway through the first season), the protagonists had pretty much solidified in the old friends we would get to know in the many years to come. Here we really see them relax, talk and work together to figure out this episode's puzzle: The strong narrative is a mystery again, kind, and the audience is together for the ride as Kirk and friends try to dig up a very bizarre series of events that have a certain entertaining taste to them. It is almost moody, followed by the carefree style established on the starship when Kirk was finally maneuvered into radiation after showing clear signs of stress and fatigue (the company had proposed it, just completed a harrowing mission). Then, Dr. McCoy by a knight on horseback; Yes, it's Dr. McCoy's last episode ... just kidding. But there is nothing crazy about the rest of the landing party at this time in history. McCoy is really dead for all purposes and, as the best Trek episodes, the 2nd half of this adventure escalates into a more hectic, desperate pace of action and excitement. This is all signaled by Church's resolute response to Sulu, who agrees with his lack of understanding of any of these events right after McCoy's death. Kirk comes to the bottom of all this, come what is possible. <br /> <br /> But it won't be much easier for Kirk: It probably follows the longest staged mano-a-mano battle for the series that Kirk is interrogated with his nemesis from his academy days, a battle that seems to be over half of the planet. Nevertheless, this is counteracted by scenes of extraordinary tenderness, with another of Church's former acquaintances. This episode runs the gamut of all human experience, quite fitting in light of what we learn about the real purpose of this strange planet. It is gratifying that the script really explains everything that has happened, unlike some inconsistent approaches that pervade many other fantasy and sci-fi series with similar plot lines (inexplicable appearance of people who couldn't be there). And there is actually a subtitle for the story - that we humans must 'work' out of our tensions and fatigue in a certain way, or we just don't work in a 'normal' natural way. Also note the look of the very sweet Yeoman Barrows and the sudden absence of Yeoman Rand who did not return to the first Trek movie in '79. I think after this episode, even more Trek fans could not wait for the next appearance of all their favorite characters. But I leave this episode with a last, perhaps exciting thought: If McCoy was killed (verified by Spock), how do we know that it was our real McCoy who beamed back to the ship? Perhaps this explains why this McCoy still inspected starships about a century later and came along well with Data.
