Another episode from childhood, as an adult, I look back with a different perspective. This was one of my favorite childhood episodes, one that really cemented my enhancement to this show. But when I see this episode after 20 years, I would say that it is one of the easier ones to play for laughs and rides, instead of the dramatic and well-constructed stories of past episodes in this, their first and best season . Maybe this episode was written for a little fan R&R too! As Mr Spock would say, the story is just not logical, but there are some entertaining lines that of course Mr. Spock's final at the end - when he asks Captain McCoy et al if they have had their R&R and they answer in the affirmative, he raises an eyebrow and says "fascinating ..." the way Mr. Spock could do. An interesting storyline, of course, the idea of ​​an amusement park is actually entertaining (instead of the fake and often annoying "amusement" of Disneyland, for example), being able to get one's desires really come true. Really a good idea, but not so well done. And it comes from Theodore Sturgeon, another of the great SF novelists they used in the first season you wonder how much was made for the script that Sturgeon turned into. <br /> <br /> Now, here's a little trivia I learned in this place: In 1987, James Gunn established Theodore Sturgeon Award for the best short science fiction story. And I'll quote the rest from this site: In 1968, {Sturgeon} wrote "The Joy Machine", a third script for the Star Trek TV series {Amok Time the other}, which was never shot. The main reason why it was not used in the series is that it contained expensive special effects sequences that would be too much for their budget. However, the script was adapted to a book by Sci-Fi author James Gunn (Star Trek # 80, The Original Series) and published by Pocket Books in 1996. <br /> <br /> I would summarize this This episode is still very much entertaining, especially if you do not think too much about it. Just laugh and enjoy it, and the next episode we can come back to the serious things to protect the universe.
