Hollow Man starts as a brilliant but deficient scientist Dr. Sebastian Caine (Kevin Bacon) is finally working on how to make things visible again after being transformed by his own serum. They test the serum on an already invisible Gorilla, and it seems perfect, Caine and his assistant company are celebrating while Caine wants to be the first invisible person to report the breakthrough to his military beneficiaries. He manages to persuade his team to help him and the procedure works well & Caine becomes invisible, but when they try to bring him back, the serum fails and remains invisible. The team desperately seeks an antidote, but nothing works, Caine slowly loses his grip on reality as he understands what power he has, but can't use it to get caught in a laboratory. But then again he is invisible, he can do everything he wants ... <br /> <br /> Directed by Paul Verhoeven, I liked Hollow Man. You know it's just after Christmas, I saw this a few hours ago on the late night / early morning cable TV and worst of all I feel sick, not because of the movie, but because of the chocolate and fizzy pop I have had previous weeks so I keep this short. The manuscript of Andrew W. Marlowe has a decent pace, but it draws a little in the middle and has a good central premise, it requires he basic idea of ​​being invisible will make you crazy just like in the original The Invisible Man (1933) movie which Hollow One of course owes a fair bit. It manages to have a small successful blend of horror, sci-fi and action and provide good entertainment value to 110 odd minutes. I thought the character was ok, I thought some of the ideas in the movie were good, although I think it is generally known that Verhoeven is not dealing with subtlety. The first thing he has invisible Caine is that sexually abusing one of his team & so when he gets into the outside world, he has a rape a woman with the reason "who should know" that Caine says to herself. So of course there are things he shows that a rat is being torn apart, and that's just the opening scene after the credits. To be fair to him, the violence is a little more sparse this time, but still has a very nasty and sadistic tone. Having said that I love horror / gore / exploitation movies, so Hollow Man delivers to me, it just might not be everyone's cup of tea. <br /> <br /> Director Verhoeven does a good job or should it be special effects boys make him look good. Special effects in Hollow Man are truly spectacular and more or less flawless, their brilliance and it's as simple and straightforward as that. There are also some good horror and action sets here, although the climate is a bit over-the-top. I love the effect where Kevin Bacon disappears one layer at a time complete with veins, organs and bones at full show or when conversely with Gorilla. There are a few gory moments, including a rat being eaten, someone is impaled on a spike & someone has their head busted open with blood splattering results. <br /> <br /> With a staggering budget of about $ 95,000,000 Hollow is technically flawless, I can imagine interviews on the DVD, where some special effects boffin say they mapped Bacon's entire body out to the last vein, as they actually did, because you know everyone is looking to see if one of his veins was missing or in the wrong position would not be they? The act was ok, Bacon made for a good mad scientist anti-quite type of guy. <br /> <br /> Hollow Man is a snake budget budget Hollwood extravaganzas, where the effects and action take center over any kind of meaningful story or character, but being brutally honest sometimes we all like it in a movie I know I do. Good solid big budget entertainment with a little nastier and darker stripes than the usual Hollywood product, definitely worth seeing.
