It seems that many IMDB comments on this movie are biased, in the sense that they are trying to compare it to an older version. True, "HOLLOW MAN" is a remake of kind "THE INVISIBLE MAN", but this is where the similarities end. "HOLLOW MAN" is an entertaining movie season. If you see a movie with the aim of finding as many mistakes as possible, you should not watch movies in the first place. It is true that some movies are generally awful and unbearable, but "HOLLOW MAN" manages to entertain and make you think about what you would do if you were invisible and if you had your items added to one of your friends. Kevin Bacon stars as an eccentric researcher who, along with a team of business partners, discovers the way to make animals invisible. Now his mission is to make them visible again. When this team of young scientists (who you can guess for the Pentagon) think they have the formula to make the animals visible again, Kevin Bacon volunteers will be the first to try the new experimental drug. Then it goes wrong when Kevin Bacon stays invisible to the rest of the movie and is obliged to wear a latex mask so his partners know where he is. Feelings of paranoia and desperation begin to take over Kevin's character, and when he finds out that his ex girlfriend and partner (Elisabeth Shue) is having a hard affair with one of the young scientists in the team, he finally cheats. The movie then becomes a hybrid of "ALIEN" and a slasher flick, but it doesn't say it's a bad trip. There are scares and chills, and the film is moving at a good pace. The special effects are top notch (a quality that is always prevalent in all Paul Verhoeven's films), as we get to see some "body reconstitution" sequences that have never been seen on a movie before. If there is anything to complain about, perhaps the predictability of the situations here is; During the first hour of the movie that you know Kevin Bacon, the jump from being weird and eccentric to being a homicidal lunatic at the end. And the end is a bit abrupt, but despite this, HOLLOW MAN is still worth seeing. If you want to know what a really bad movie is, then waste your money on "FEAR DOT COM" (with Stephen Dorf) or even worse THE UNTOLD (or "Sasquatsh", with Land Henriksen). Now it's "hollow"! 8 * out of 10 *!
