This is a run-of-the-mill movie film. By porn I don't mean sex. I mean free pictures of (for example) thousands of birds together, or hundreds of walruses, or a huge waterfall or icebergs. Several of the shots in the movie seem to exist solely to get into the trailer to get people to theaters to watch it for every ten seconds before it disappears that they are never seen again for the rest of the movie. <Br /> <br /> There's virtually no reason in this movie. Told that expecting a story of three animal families, "better than March in the penguins", simply doesn't deliver the movie. The blame rests on three key areas: (1) the authors, who gave James Earl Jones some of the worst lines to tell in natural film history; and finally, but most importantly (3) the editors who had the story jumped from place to place without rhyme or reason, no continuity, no power, sucking life out of the whole movie - a movie about life. When we got to the whales halfway through the movie, I sank back in my room with fear and hoped that the film was more than half way through and that I could survive the long endurance test with the animals on display. <br /> <br /> There was also almost no science in the movie. They are attributed hot and cold (all not only to the seasons) solely to the slope of the earth and ignoring the fact that we would have even greater extremes from place to place if there was no slope because the poles would never heat. And it would be worst if we had no rotation (in terms of revolution) like mercury, because half of the planet would bake and the other half would freeze. So at the end they used the term "people and animals" as if humans are not animals, somehow exempted from the laws of nature. So much for science. <br /> <br /> However, I have to credit the camera work and that's why I call this nature porn. Everything from super-slow motion to what seems to be a fine-tuned mechanically controlled time-lapse photography was used to give some (and I'm gently only "some") amazing moments that raise the bar compared to other natural films. Having said that, I am not convinced that it was completely natural on the screen. Some of the shots that show the great water hole in Africa, when it changed from season to season, seemed like CGI to me. A director may have expected such a suspicion and built in other shots to demonstrate that it is quite natural, but they did not. <br /> <br /> For a movie about the Earth I had expected much more from Earth to appear. What we saw was untouched. We had to take the narrator's word that some species are in danger due to climate change. They didn't show us evidence of that. They did not show us Albert's toxic tailing ponds visible from the room. They did not show us the big pile of trash. They did not show us a natural image of human light pollution around the world. These are just as much land as anything else. Why cover it for a good food? <br /> <br /> My last criticism of the content is preaching. Every time a predator was shown on the screen, actually hunting prey, the music almost turned to the Mt Doom scene from the Lord of the Rings, with the predator portrayed as a kind of Sauron's ultimate evil character. But predators are not evil. They perform a necessary service to ensure that the best members of the prey survive. We are predators ourselves. Once the predator caught the prey, we immediately cut away to something else to make it feel that death and eating didn't really happen. The final insult was that "the father's polar bear" was left to die after he dared to try to eat. "Bad Bear! Bad!" You can almost hear them say. <br /> <br /> On the actual presentation. My theater may be partly due to this, but maybe not. I was expecting to see something with greater clarity than I could see on my own HDTV LCD at home. But the picture was blurry and was presented in the same 16: 9 relationship that I could get at home, instead of the broader relationship that many movies come these days. And during an action-packed scene at the end, the movie (I can't imagine this happening digitally, from what it looked) was damaged, and we lost more of the colors, and gradually we went out. It is repeated about three times. <br /> <br /> If they actually plant a tree on my behalf, it's worth it. But how do I know?
