The spoiler's warning is for those people who want to see for themselves what animals and landscapes are passing by their eyes, even though I do not mention it in detail. <br /> <br /> "Earth" is an approx. 90 minute movie version based on "Planet Earth", which I saw on BBC TV. The TV release was told by David Attenborough, a captivating commentator, whom I had wished to make "Earth" as well, but Patrick Stewart, Star Trek is Captain Picard. There are regular shots from the ground from the room, so it may be appropriate. In any case, he has a good enough and quiet voice for it. There are 12 chapters where we follow the wildlife on earth from the North Pole to Antarctica. 3 animal families, polar bears, elephants and whales are found in more than one of these parts. Each "chapter" begins with an indication of how far from the north pole or equator it is. We see something of every kind of animal, but only mammals and birds and some fish and some beautiful shoots of vegetation, mountains, waterfalls, deserts and jungles, an almost perfect presentation of the many different lives and landscapes and climates on earth. You get the impression that our planet is inhabited only by animals: People or villages or towns are not in the movie, so it is a typical nature documentary, but amazing shot and accompanied by lovely music. When the movie opened I already knew it would end up too fast for me. It's a family movie, so no brutal killing of animals. When caught by his hunter, the shot ends, and in other cases where we see the prey, it is shot in slow motion, making it less violent and vulnerable to young children (age limit 6 in the Netherlands). No blood is cut. Some scenes (newborn animals) are really cute and will be loved by children. It looks like an ordinary film of nature, but when you know how many shooting days it took (4000) and how much money it has cost, it becomes an even more amazing beauty. It was the Dutch premiere yesterday, a month before the actual release, in a movie theater of 500 seats, of which 15 were taken. True beauty is rarely interesting for moviegoers it seems. As I knew the TV series, of course, I was very curious if my favorite scenes would make this movie. Some did not, but fortunately they made the most impressive shots (great waterfalls). It was the first time I was crying in a natural movie.
