I have heard nothing but great things about the 2006 TV mini series, "Planet Earth", which is told by my childhood idol David Attenborough. Nevertheless, whether it was screened here in Australia or not, I have never hit it and when I happened upon the opportunity to see 'Earth (2007)' ?? a function length compilation of the same nature footage ?? on the big screen I jumped at the chance. The theater was largely empty; just another protector was sitting in front of me, and it was as if I had not only the big screen for myself but the whole world of the earth. For 90 minutes, I was lowered into the beauty and dangers of the isolated desert among some of the most beautiful living creatures ever caught on film. Awesome in its scope, yet painfully intimate, 'Earth' is a hearty accusation from the filmmakers for recognizing the delicate balance of life on our planet and how human intrusion has laid countless glorious animal and plant species on the brink of the film, though directed by Alastair Fothergill and Mark Linfield, obviously arguing for the conservation of the desert, refrain from striking us over the head with propaganda, and the puzzle that is politics is completely ignored; In fact, there is no human being in sight. Instead, we are simply embarking on a breathtaking journey into the majestic world, to experience the resilience and also the fragility of life on Earth. I hear that the original mini-series, which ran for eleven episodes, dives much deeper into the scientific background of the world ecosystems, but I think the filmmakers here made a wise decision to replace information with emotional consequences: I can 'I can't remember the last time I felt so inspired, yet totally heartbreaking at the same time. By establishing an emotional connection between the audience and a selection of individual individual animals that anthropomorphise them to a degree, we can suddenly appreciate the human side of each species, and their hopeless situation of survival becomes less of a statistic and more unacceptable ' Earth's basically consists of a selection of dramatic episodes, whether it be a female polar bear's struggle to lead her young cubs to the Arctic ice or a catch of an elephant cattle toward the life-saving seasonal river waters of the Okavango Delta . The documentary film demonstrates the delicate balance of life and death that is most heartbreaking exhibited in the desperate ball of predator-prey interactions. Although at times it is possible to face a younger audience, the footage cuts itself briefly at the decisive moment, I regularly tear the inevitable nature of death and the crude instinct that burns these animals' final hopeless efforts to survive. There is even a scary beauty that takes place in the hunt, both in a slow photography of a cheetah that reduces its prey (the result of a single fatal error) or the majestic mid-air step of a great white shark as it engulfed it. Incredible sea lion. It is this weak balance that has been badly disturbed by the uniqueness of our own kind. <br /> <br /> Apart from these main stories, we are also dealing with short extracts of wildlife from all over the world, including the birds of paradise of Papua New Guinea, and autumn migration of demoiselle cranes. Of course, whole movies can only have been dedicated to these species alone, and an inevitable consequence of having to seep through so much footage is that some interesting ecosystems are shining until long took off quickly. By choosing to focus mostly on polar bears, elephants and humpback whales ?? track their lifestyle through some amazing high-definition time-lapse photography during a calendar year ?? the filmmakers could avoid structural problems that might arise from having so much to show and only 90 minutes to show it. Consequently, 'Earth' left me thirsty for more, and fortunately I now have about eleven hours more as soon as I can track a copy of the DVD box set to "Planet Earth". Uplifting and tear-jerking, awe inspiring and heartrending, 'Earth' is a truly magnificent documentary experience, and it can only be my favorite movie from 2007.
