The City Hall takes the policy of a city instead of country, state or any kind of big political table. Granted it shines on New York City, which is a major political arena, especially today, but it still goes on a smaller scale and stumbles on the microscope on a few key actors in a widespread scandal stumbled upon by the mayor's right hand. Director Harold Becker is a director who is very familiar with elements of the thriller who have made mercury rebellion, malice and domestic disturbance, and I believe in many ways he incorporates so many of the formal thriller genre that it is almost a mistake. I think the town hall is supposed to be a political drama, not a thriller, but instead when everything is said and done, and when you come to the movie's meat and potatoes, it feels like a thriller, but a decent one with very important part of the recipe that immediately makes it stand out ... what more ... or rather who else ... Al Pacino. The movie begins to give you a really good look at life at the mayor's office and the city's inner effects. As the film continues, it expands its political spectrum to include a democratic boss and his connections, and then we are introduced to some of the previous places in the city. As events unfold a mystery begins and the political aspect is a little back in the background, but it still has a brilliant set-up. I absolutely hate talking about Al Pacino. I mean, even if he didn't give a good performance, how could I ever say that? The man appears royalty. There is just something brilliant about his whole behavior. In City Hall, Pacino plays the mayor of New York. He has a sense of duty and honor and immediately seems to be a very prominent politician. He also delivers one of the most powerful and completely engaging speeches I have ever seen at James Bone's Funeral. I re-watched this talk four times, and the first time I saw Pacino giving it, my mouth slipped open and I would almost get up and applaud. It is brilliantly written and excellently delivered by Pacino. John Cusack, who I really enjoy as an actor, turns in a mediocre and excessive performance as Deputy Mayor Kevin Calhoun. He is a kind of focus on the movie, and he and Pacino have good chemistry together when they are on the screen, but there is just something in this performance ... he seems to be trying too hard. His accent is just bizarre, and although he is supposed to be cutthroat and scary, he doesn't want to pull it off. Maybe he had an off film. Bridget Fonda, on her way out of her high stardom, is doing an okay job as a lawyer for police widow Marybeth Cogan. Her performance is very similar to Cusacks because she just doesn't seem to find her groove with this character. Danny Aiello is fantastic, although his character is a little under explored as a democratic chief with ties to mafia Frank Anselmo. Martin Landau makes a decent cameo as judge under the control of Walter Stern. <br /> <br /> The problem with the town hall is evident in my review of the characters and the actors. Everyone is ... okay. There is a lot of back story they are trying to bring out without showing it, and unfortunately it just leaves you a little confused about the whole conspiracy. And of course you have Al Pacino in a rather small supporting role, but he is absolutely brilliant on it and scares and overshadows every other actor in the movie. It almost feels like they might be scared of being on the screen with them. So City Hall could have been this great political epic drama / thriller, but it felt cut and toned down to an average run of the mill one, but it still needs to be seen for Pacino and another spin on policy's inner work. If you just don't want to watch this movie than finding Pacino's speech at James Bone's funeral, because the word electrifying doesn't seem to give it justice, but you can see what makes Al Pacino so incredible because in a mediocre movie pulls this out wallop of a speech and make you feel it. If you are a John Cusack fan as I am ... he has definitely done better, but he is the protagonist and all in all he gets his justice. A decent movie, but unfortunately potentially loss. 7.5 / 10
