The film deals with a classic theme. In fact, it's about the theme Batman uses, from the beginning to the end, but in real data and details. New York Mayor, valued and very diligent and dynamic, to get any project through a little faster than usual, gives some pressure from some private business associates on a criminal drug trafficking that should have been sent and held in jail, and he is pushing the judge its turn to set him free from probation despite a negative test report that disappears but is not destroyed, it is only because of the political value it represents. And what was going to happen, and a few people, including a black schoolgirl, are killed in a shoot between a policeman and the criminal. The city may explode because of it: racial tension due to the black school girl and social excitement due to the uncertainty that such criminals are free to move around and continue with their criminal activities represent the public. Unfortunately, the film does not show the excitement very well and follows the study of the first deputy mayor who will find out the truth and find it out. But along the way, a few witnesses are killed, and those who had played a role throughout the company are forced to retire (the judge), to finish their career and life (the contractor or contractor goes between), an official who was ready to deliver the missing test report and some shady character after giving some important information. The mayor himself retires and takes a long vacation; But the film's main interest is in the exploration of the disturbances the mayor does to cover the problem and the disturbances he remembers having done in the past that led to the error of this trial. The political philosophy that nothing is pure white or pure black and that everything is crying, which is never pleasing to decision makers, is invoked as an excuse for wrong but profitable decisions. We are not talking about necessary compromises to reach agreement in some areas that are essential to the public interest. We are talking about looking less important to make a bad decision about some petty or seemingly petty criminals than some infrastructure or economic projects in town. It's not typical of New York. It is true in any mayor's office. It is only more significant in quantity and quality in a large metropolitan area like New York and of course in a city or country where police departments are municipal and controlled by political imperatives. Thus, the young deputy mayor pushes the old mayor out of the way, and he aspires to be governor of New York to become president of the United States. The mayor is perfect because of the embodiment Al Pacino offers us, as he is able to express ten minutes of dialogue with a facial expression that makes the whole dialogue useless. I find the end a bit mushy with the former deputy mayor who fights in his own name. It seems that he was so attached to the court because he saw his chance to push the mayor out of his own way. Therefore, he is no better than all the others, just still too young in his ambition. Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, University of Paris Dauphine, University of Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne and University of Versailles Saint Quentin en Yvelines
