Wow ... 5 hours in the kingdom. Lars continues the great combination of occult, dark horror and soap opera drama. Picking up exactly where the last episode of the previous series got rid of (complete with the same high intensity and excitement, even if it didn't last, for better or worse), this installation in the franchise seems somewhat more bent in haste ... in the past series appeared to pass a day or a week between each episode, while this is clearly a long stretch ... where an episode ends, the next begins. Much can be said about Lars von Trier ... but he is very diverse and quite eccentric. Both qualities show in this. The plot continues its expertise and now gives a few regular characters, which were the smaller players in the previous four episodes more attention. Basically every character from the first returns, at least as far as the main roles go. The pacings are not as sharp as in the first part, and I found myself less gripped by this. It is not in any way to say that this did not involve me, though ... I still found myself constantly and on several points reacted strongly, often loudly to what was happening (extremely unusual behavior to me as I am an incredibly quiet person ), which I was also the first. Like the first, this also gives some charged ethical questions. Building the foundation from the first, this brings the story forward ... and is a successor, the scope is also greater. Grander. More spirits, more bizarre deposits, more subplots. The strongest graphic material from the first one also returns and it has been kicked up. The signs have been further developed. The action is fantastic, as the first. Udo Kier strengthens his enormous talent for anyone who doubted it. Plays a very difficult character (anyone who has seen the first series can most likely find out what I mean) * and * act in a language he didn't speak (he was later called) ... and still deliver such strong performance. The kinematics remain large and are still very handheld, with fast zooming and occasionally long periods of time. The editing is sharp, with a few direct cuts in the sound (although these were more prominent in the first). Now I really want to be able to judge this a perfect 10 ... or at least just below, like the first four episodes. I really enjoyed seeing and I regret it not least. But it has shortcomings ... the first part had and more. First, humor takes just too much space ... and this time it is even worse. There are several new regular signs that are for no reason other than giving comic relief ... three of them, no less. Scenes are set up and performed for no reason other than laughing the audience. Fine for a comedy, but what does it do in such a dark and unpleasant, yes, nothing less than sadistic at times, horror? Helmer's lonely secret hiding place for solitude changes from the hospital taken ... from where he could see his beloved Sweden ... to a bathroom. At an angle from the inside of the bowl. No, you read it right. In general, mood seems more low-brow ... more sex and body functions jokes, which in turn ask the question "Why?". While most of the writing is excellent, some of it is pretty scary. Several scenes are largely copied from the first mini-series (one would guess because of their popularity when it was sent). At times, the drama seems a little more bombastic than the first, and it jumps too much at times. Fortunately, rarely, but still noticeably, plot points and objects are explained too easily (a certain character living in Denmark without apparent reason, for example ... anyone who has seen it knows who I am talking about). The two dishwashers, while still mysterious and insightful, become too much of a gimmick ... too overloaded, eventually I think. However, most of the scenes with them are still fun. In addition, I would like to assure any reader of this that despite all the negative things I have just written that this is still mostly good ... absolutely comfortable, convincing, powerful ... and in my humble opinion absolutely should seen by everyone who liked the first (although they belong to that group; do not expect to feel the story is finished when you have seen this more than you did after the former). I recommend it to any fan of Lars von Trier and anyone who has had the first kingdom and wants more where it came from. I encourage anyone who is even considering seeing this to make sure you've seen all the first ones before you do ... I bought this before I first bought, but I kept looking until I bought it first and looked at it, and I can't tell you how happy I am that I did. Although this contains a brief overview of the events of the first, there is an enormous amount of details and aspects that you would miss if you did not see it before you saw this. A little smaller sequel, but definitely one to see if you liked the first one. 8.10
