There are the dangers of the critic / philosopher Slavoj Zizek with his film, directed by Sophie Fiennes, who together gather a wonderful amalgam of silent, horror, sci-fi, surreal and other contemporary thrillers together to make his points ofr Freudian comparisons overloaded. But in Pervert's Guide to Cinema, he also makes the far-reaching points a starting point for any other analysis I've seen on a collective section of film. While it does not cover the expansive area covered by Scorsese's film documentaries, the same attachments are there, and Zizek has a particular love for all those "perverse" examples and films, primarily Hitchcock, Lynch, Chaplin and Tarkovsky. But one should not go into seeing this - if you can find it, I have to see it almost by lucky thoughts. Zizek will just try and dissect all the psycho-sexual parts or parts that refer to a stubborn, horrible way. If he opens something to points that can never be considered otherwise, one would think of three of the Marx brothers as representations of Id, Super-Ego and Ego (Harp's example is most bad for me). <Br /> <br /> He is not only one to take on the classics, but he is also considering food for thoughts in The Matrix and Fight Club - in portrayals of the divide between fantasy and reality, and if the matrix needs the energy then much as energy needs the matrix for the former, and in the attachment of violence in dealing with one's own self as well as those double in the latter. He even throws some distance from the swinging moment in the vengeance of the bed when Anakin becomes Darth Vader, and the consequences of pushing enmity under the back mask at the moment of his children's birth elsewhere. The ideals of paternity, human sexuality, the male point of view of transforming imagination into reality (at which time Zizek rightly refers to as a moment of the creation of nightmares) and female subjectivity may be most closely explored with Vertigo. This also goes to a scene that Zizek deconstructs as if it is the Zapruder movie, where he dissects the three colliding points in the psycho-sexual attitude in "Don't Get On Me" scene in Blue Velvet. <br /> <br /> Now it would be a thing if Zizek himself went about making these sincere, enthusiastic, and somehow plausible points just facing the camera or mostly in voice-over like Scorsese do. But he goes one step further to highlight his points of imagination and reality, and how they overlap, intersect, become alike and spread more decisively into some netherworld or primordial sense for some characters (ie, Lost Highway) by setting themselves The films take place in the places. Funniest first sees him in the boat "on the way" towards the same port of Tippi Hedren's boat heads to the beginning of the birds; Just as fun is when he walks the blue velvet grass, he continues to explain Frank Booth's many facets. Only one when in Solaris-like area, it seems a bit cheesy. But Zizek seems to have a lot of fun with this setup, and after a while you pass the potential core of this gimmick, and Zizek's words come through. <br /> <br /> There were some movies I of course would have expected, mostly from Hitchcock and Lynch, but a treat for movie buffs comes from watching two things - the movies you would never think of watching a movie about the movie Pervert's Guide of Cinema (top two for me would be the Disney Pluto cartoon and the show at Chaplin's movie, albeit with a great note of power and distinction of 'voice') and those you haven't seen yet ( ie ventriloquist horror movie Dr. Mabuse, Stalker, among a few others that inspire instantaneous feelings of 'wow, I must see it immediately, no question asked.' Zizek is a strong writer with his work and sets it up with a clarity that reminds us why we see movies in the first place for being entertained, but also having the actual experience of sitting and having something up there as he puts it and looking at a toilet. It is probably one of the greatest films about cinema, and in such an excellent narrow analysis of how Freud enters into movies about lust, Id / Super-Ego / Ego and the supernatural in fantasy that you never see. .. infinite distribution finally kicks in, if only at the smallest levels.
