"Cinema is the ultimate piano art, it doesn't give you what you want, it tells you how you want it." <br /> <br /> Then, "Pervert's Guide to Cinema" begins, with the Slovenian philosopher and psychoanalyst Slavoj Zizek using his Freudian / Lacanian brain scalpel for World Cinema. This three-part movie is the second feature documentary directed by Sophie Fiennes (yes sister to Ralph and Joseph), and it is a remarkable achievement that looks into 2 1/2 hours of talk from a man and still remains humorous and engaging throughout. Essentially, it is an extended film talk, and one of the best ever. During the film, Zizek leads us through a catalog of obsession and desire in film history. He touches more than 40 films and spends a lot of time with Hitchcock, Lynch, Chaplin, Tarkovsky, Marx Brothers and Eisenstein. But he also takes a look at "Persona", "The Conversation", "Three Colors: Blue", "Dogville", "Fight Club" and "The Exorcist." Thematically, Zizek's study of the cinema ranges from thoughts of death drift to "desire co-ordinates" and from gnosticism to "partial objects." <br /> <br /> The "Pervert's Guide" will be a little better experience if you have taken a few minutes to look up your basic freudian terminology. But even if you are not imbued with the psychoanalytic theory, Zizek's dynamic and fun personality bears the film forward with such a gusto that you will probably not bow to the specialized lingo. The film often cuts from movie clips to images of Zizek * inside * the movie he is talking about - that is, in the original places and sets. The transitions in these sequences maintain such excitement and humor that the trick never gets old. And Zizek himself constantly makes us laugh, either from bizarre jokes or from his enthusiastic insistence on, for example, a bold oedipal interpretation of "The Birds." And this go-ahead and-laugh attitude, both at Fiennes and Zizek, is crucial to the movie's gonzo character. It is the spoonful of sugar that helps us digest Zizek's strange medicine. After all, do we not all have the opinion that psychologist theorists just pull our legs at a certain time?
