He is foggy, sweaty, slightly transverse and restless. He stands in front of us and calls himself a perver. He claims we ?? movie viewers ?? perceives the screen as a toilet bowl, and everyone secretly wants everyone to explode from within. He is unpredictable and scary. Well??? Come on, you could have guessed now: he is one of the leading philosophers of our age. <br /> <br /> Slavoj ?? I ?? I am both a narrator and a subject for Sophie Fienne's extraordinary new movie, A Pervert's Guide to the Cinema. Fiennes illustrates a function's long lecture by ?? i, and do it in two ways: by giving exemplary movie clips and putting me in real (or reconstructed) places from the movies he is talking about. It's always nice to see nice picture scenes from amazing movies (although Revenge of the Sith has also been here), but the main attraction for A Pervert's Guide ?? am I myself? What makes the movie so funny to see is the unanswered question you can't help but ask again and again: What's more outrageous, am I? I am views or? I? S screen presence? In a documentary by Astra Taylor (?? I? I !, 05), the Slovenian philosopher at one point recognized his fear of being silent. Because he claimed to feel like he didn't exist in the first place, the only way to make everybody else think he is doing is to talk constantly and feverishly. And the speech he did and how. Also a perverted guide ?? is dominated by his voice ?? delivers perfect English in the most crazy way and makes some amazing points about the cinema. What are they? For example, he sees Chaplin's reluctance to speak image as a sign of a universal fear of the voice itself (kind of alien forces taking over man, think of the ventriloquist segment Dead of Night [45]). He says the cinema's perverted nature is teaching us to want certain objects, not to give them. He identifies Groucho Marx as super ego, Chico as ego and Harpo as id. He says one million other interesting things, and all the time we can't take his eyes off him, so convincing (and captivating) is his appearance. At one point I couldn't help but stare at his thick, scruffy hair and wonder what kind of brain is storing underneath. Craving, of course, for more insight. Most notable is ?? I? I am readings of Lynch and Hitchcock (who come as no surprise when he has written about both of them). The cumulative effect of many brilliantly edited clips from their respective work made them parts of ?? i otherwise lectures memorable and ?? unlike others ?? difficult to argue as he apparently really got things right on these two directors. This does not go to his reading of Tarkovsky, for example, who he relentlessly imposes on his own completely materialistic perception of reality and dismisses exactly what is so remarkable in all Tarkovsky (namely, strong religious intuitions and images). <br /> <br /> The question is not whether I am inspiring and brilliant because he is; or whether Fienne's films are worth watching because it is also. The real question is rather: am I? I look coherent? A smart observation after the other creates an overwhelming intellectual turn, but after everything is over, there are still some doubts. For example: While considering Vertigo (58) ?? I ?? I say that what is hidden behind the human face is a perfect void, which only makes the face a facade: something of a deception in its own way. But in the last order we hear about City Lights (31), which is a portrait of a person who is fully exposed to another, it's hard not to ask: What happened to the whole facade thing? ? Why should we give Chaplin's face the intrinsic value of the real thing and deprive Kim Novak of the same privilege in two bold strikes ??? Or perhaps this inconsistency will also be read in Lacan's terms? (The name of the infamous "unreadable" French psychoanalyst is crucial to my thinking.) The film has all the virtues of a fantastic two and a half hour lecture: lots of ground covered, many perspectives employed, even some first-class wisecracks made When I travel on a Melanie Daniel's boat from The Birds [63] and try to think like she did, he comes up with: "I want to f ** k Mitch!"). But it also has a shortage that is not inherent in two and a half hours of lecture as such: it is almost obsessively digressive. I am yarn about how far we are from Real, is as good as any other psychoanalytic yarn, but after some 80 minutes it becomes quite clear that one of ?? I? s perverted pleasures are to wander about and over, changing subjects constantly. Overall, this is being swept away by a giant, cool, fizzing wave: at the same time, you are surprised, up-to-date, in deadly danger and confused at no end. When you're done watching, your head is full of ideas that aren't your own, and are you already planning to watch some movies again? But you also share a sense of survival in an accident. <br /> <br /> The ultimate question is: Did I? I lost it? Or have we not come close to the real thing either? When cinephilia is punished by jail, we all have to meet in a big cell and finally talk to each other (without having any movies around to turn our faces on). I dare you all: who will have enough gut to approach me ?? and I defy him? My guess is that when you look into those eyes in real life, you become a believer.
