Her Deadly Rival (1995): Starring Harry Hamlin, Annie Potts, Lisa Zane, Tommy Hinkley, Susan Diol, Roma Maffia, Robert C. Treveiler, DL Anderson, William Blair, Sean Bridges, Robin Dallenbach, Wilbur Fitzgerald, Dale Frye, Stan Kelly, Deborah Hobart, David Lenthall, Lorri Lindberg, Chuck Kinlaw, Amy Parrish, Melissa Suzanne McBride, Ralph Wilcox, Al Wiggins, Jeff Sumerel and Daria Sanford .... Director James Hayman, Manuscript Dan Vining. <br /> <br /> Actor Harry Hamlin (of LA Law fame, Clash of The Titans and other films) seems to be perfectly cast in this "Lifetime" type movie directed by James Hayman and released in 1995. He and his wife Lisa Rinna would later work on a film about sex abuse. "Her deadly rival" is at first glance resembling the better known Hollywood box office hit "Fatal Attraction". In "Rival", happy couple Jim and Kris Lanford move into a new home in the typically beautiful suburbs. They have the seemingly perfect marriage - they are deeply in love, despite a routine lifestyle. But then a mysterious admirer puts his eyes on Jim. Her identity is never revealed, despite an attempt by Jim and even investigators to discover who she is. She often harasses Jim through phone calls and letters. His marriage almost approaches as his wife begins to believe he has an affair and tries to cover it. While Harry Hamlin, Annie Potts and the rest of the player - Lisa Zane, Tommy Hinkley, Susan Diol, Roma Maffia, Robert C. Treveiler, D. L. Anderson, William Blair - each seem to be straight out of a soap opera. But this is a very thrilling drama and has its good moments. There is a twist at the end. Spoiler Alert. All I have to say is "her deadly rival" was only herself. Based on a probable case, Jim's wife suffered from multiple personality disorders, and that was what destroyed her marriage. Although the story is not very impressive, even though the actor is only a step over soap opera, this film has its moments. In particular, the intimate scenes between Jim and his wife and the final scene, as Jim learns the truth, cannot believe in what he has just heard. The movie is probably a bit too long and boring in some parts, but it is the kind of television movie that usually does well, especially at Lifetime, which continues to produce movies of this kind, of the "domestic thriller" or seduction stories. Trashy but everyone likes trash can.
