Everyone has a first love, and although it is difficult to define the feeling when you are younger, there is pain in you. It's the Malaysian filmmaker Yasmin Ahmad aims to prove in his fourth move, a movie where the most complex feeling is told in a deceptively simple and straightforward way. Such an approach is particularly practical in this case, as the love story in the core of the film involves two twelve-year-olds and therefore would attempt to "deeper" analysis work constructed and pretentious. That they are not also the will of the amazing performances of the leading non-actors, Sharifah Aryana and Mohd Syafie Naswip. The former player Orked, already seen as an adult in Ahmad's former image, Gubra), a lively, almost rebellious girl, perhaps influenced by her "British" upbringing (her mother studied in England) despises playing with dolls, and prefer to play violent sports with the boys. Then she meets a day Mukhsin (Naswip), who has come to spend the holidays at her aunt's house, and suddenly she changes her habits: goodbye fistfights, hello bike riding and trekking. But what does that mean? Are they just friends, or is it any more implied that none of them are yet ready to understand, let alone accept? <br /> <br /> In light of the young age of the protagonists, these questions are bound to be impossible and so, as in several "smaller" films (Lost in Translation come to mind), there is no real closure, a choice that leaves a bittersweet, but ultimately satisfies aftertaste: the naturalistic, unfiltered spectacle (especially Aryana) comes to heart almost instantly, and a strong supportive cast (Orked's family most of all) helps keep the minimalist tale fun and seductive . The earthly rapprochement is not always so effective (the hilarious subplot of a haughty neighbor has fallen too early) and it is difficult to justify the bizarre Pulp Fiction reference at the start of the function, but the emotional strength of the teenage romance is enough to make this an interesting piece of independent Asian cinema.
