The movie starts in a classroom where it was not surprisingly our main role Orked, which was seen in a Chinese language class. Later in the film she was asked why (by Mukhsin) she was sent to learn Mandarin. Her answer was simple for a child she is; coz she already knows the Malaysian language well. It's a bit of a romance you can think of, but once you've stopped reading too many critics and going after it, you'll notice the typical elements of Malaysia. The film focuses primarily on 10-year-old Orked, who met 12-year-old Mukhsin in a game where many would think of it as a boy's game. Mukhsin (who was new to the village) ran out of players and was forced to enter Orked into the game, where she eagerly showed her male side. Orked is not such an ordinary girl, as she portrays more of the male behavior that you want to see in the movie, defend Mukhsin from a very violent encounter with her school noise, throw one of the mob's bag from the school bus window, throw it and kick on Mukhin's brother, after which he plagued Mukhsin and so on and so on. Both were great friends and kept closer to it, but with a slight misunderstanding where most of us all reacted the same way, both of them divorced on the day Mukhsin left town. <br /> <br /> Now the movie shows the first love between Orked and Mukhsin, they started out as friends, but slowly evolved into something more of a closer relationship and then towards BGR. You will notice the changes that Yasmin made in the films for each of the lead and actress as they go through love. The different character was depicted with zeal and gentle humor. The scenes were all random, but it depicted so much reality in that you would be stuck on the screen for a long time. You will love the movie for what it is and not because you want to be patriotic to the local scenes, coz means a lot more. When the film encloses the two love birds, it also manages to find its lens against Orked's parents, her mother, who was educated in England, speaks very good English, and where her husband and caretaker in the house are attempting to speak their own kind of english, which was humor right. Just let me explain to you why humor can be such a prominent feature of this movie. And the explanation or description that you can portray can be given in only one word, and that is RANDOMNESS. Often more than not, we do not learn to laugh ourselves, and when we do, we do it at the expense of others. It's just like the movie Just Follow Law of Jack Neo would have mentioned. Often when we are ourselves we do not see the person in us we are, but when we are only in someone else's body, we would only learn to see who we really are. And it is that humor also applies more than just dignity. The film was filled with such coincidence that the typical facts of our routine live when we performed it, could be completely filled with laughter if we wanted it. <br /> <br /> The second focus of this movie was on how Orked's neighbor, a couple where the man no longer loves his wife and wanted to find another. Pack Koboi as he nodded, was polished his motorcycle daily and would take it for a ride with his newly found boyfriend. The producer failed to show you why the man wanted to find another wife. The wife was a real scary or KPC that we Chinese would call it, interrupting the business of others and sending his own daughter to just Orked in words that only adults would use. After all, it comes around, and that's probably why bad things will happen to her. At any time, it will be a pity that people around you will not hurt unless you have an ego to protect, but then again, what is it worth? The film is also centered around Mukhini's brother, Hussein, who would go out to town every day until very late at night, smoking, drinking and finding girls. He's the complete opposite of Mukhsin, but that's all because of family problems. Both brothers lived with their aunt and the parents were far away from them. I don't want to reveal more of the story, as it would ruin much of the interest in finding out for yourself, but the least of all the elements the producer wanted to send across the viewers message is the life of all of us. She wanted us, at least to see life from our own perspective when we are not ourselves. Movie in a way, take us out of our own body, place us in the character's position, and use our empty thoughts to look at its events. Depending on the type and genre of the movie you will be fascinated by how a good movie like this would depict and bring about a significant impact on you.
