Mukhsin is a beautiful movie about a first love story. Everyone probably has one, and this is the author-director Yasmin Ahmad's story about her, with a boy called Mukhsin. We know that her films have been semi-autobiographical in nature, as scenes are drawn to her personal experiences, and in fact this sharing and translation of these feelings into the big screen that has her movies always exudes a warm sincerity and honesty . Mukhsin is no different, and probably the most polished advertising-rich work to date (although I must add as a personal bias, Sepet still has a special place in my heart). <br /> <br /> Our favorite family is back - Pak Atan, Mak In, Orked and Kak Yam, but this time we go back when Orked is 10 years old. The characters are all younger from the films we have traveled with them, from Rabun to Gubra, and here, Sharifah Amani's sister Sharifah Aryana and Sharifah Aleya take over Orked and Mak Inom's roles, which may have accounted for their excellent chemistry on the screen that They do not play siblings roles. The only constant that occurs is Kak Yam, played by Adibah Noor, and even Pak Atan has hair on his head! Through the Mukshin film, we come in full circle with the characters and the world that Yasmin has introduced us to. We will learn about and understand the family a little more, seen in the days when they still live in their kampung (visited back in Rabun), where Orked participates in a Chinese school and packs a serious combination of battles (and you wonder that the burst of energy in Gubra, yes, she had it in her since young!). The perennial tomboy and doted child in the family, she prefers to play with the boys in play, rather than mindless "masak masak" with the girls, and favorite excursions include walking with the family to football matches. <br /> <br /> The arrival of a boy named Mukhsin (Mohd Syafie Naswip) to the village, gives Orked a nice bulb to hang out and do things with - cycling through the villages, climbing trees, flying dragons. And as it is desired to be explored, the crossing of this line between friendship and romance is both beautiful feelings. <br /> <br /> Mukhsin has its naughty moments experiencing history and creating laughter because some of the events we would have experienced it ourselves, and sometimes serve as a recall for our own childhood recall. In short, these scenes screamed "fun"! We observe life in a typical kampung, where some neighbors are very cozy, while others, the curious parks and rumors mongere, spread bad gossip due to envy. There are 2 extra family dynamics, one from a closest neighbor and the other from Mukhins own, both serving as sufficient subplots and contrast to Orked's own. As always, Yasmin's film is filled with excellent music, and for Mukhsin it has something special, the song "Hujan" as written by her father, as well as "Ne Me Quitte Pas" that is appropriately used in the film. Since Yasmin's films have been centered around the same characters so far, the beauty of it is that you can see them as being alone or when you look and pieced together, making a compelling family drama dealing with separate themes and universal issues such as interracial romance, love and forgiveness. Fans will definitely see the many links in Mukhsin back to the previous movies, while new audiences will surely be curious to find out what is and the importance of recurring characters or events like the pudgy boy who steals look at Orked. <br /> <And when talking about who, parts of Mukhsin are open, which is probably characteristic of Yasmine's style or deliberately left as such. I thought that as a story of childhood, remember from memory, there are details that will surely be omitted. And subtly, I felt that Mukhsin exhibited this perfectly, with not so detailed details, and focus on what can be remembered in significant episodes between the two. <br /> <br /> Another highly recommended movie and a rare one that I feel suitable for all ages - bring your little brother or sister!
