This is an amazing Amicus horror riddle with 3 amazing stories and amazing performances! Only the last story draws. All the characters are amazing and the movie is quite chilling and exciting, plus Peter Cushing and Christopher Lee are simply amazing in this! It is very undervalued and my favorite story must be the third "Sweets To The Sweet", plus all the characters are very sympathetic. Some of it is predictable, and the last story was incredibly disappointing and pretty gentle, but the end was really cool! This is an amazing Amicus horror antology, with 3 amazing stories and amazing performances, only the last story drawers! I say it must look !. 1. Story ("Method for Murder"). This is a great story, with lots of excitement, and the killer Dominic is really scary and it also works well. This was the perfect way to start with a story, and for the most part it is unpredictable, plus the double twist end is shocking and scary! Grade A <br /> <br /> 2nd story. ("Waxworks"). This is a solid story around with amazing performances, but the end is quite predictable, but it is still scary and has a lot of excitement. Peter Cushing did a fantastic job and I couldn't believe how young Joss Ackland was, I really enjoyed this story! Grade B <br /> <br /> 3. Story ("Sweets to the Sweet"). This is the best story here, as it is extremely creepy and unpredictable throughout, it also has a good twist too! Christopher Lee did a fantastic job and Chloe Franks did a wonderful job as the young daughter, plus the end is quite shocking! I won't spoil it for you, but it's one of the best horror stories I've seen! Class A + <br /> <br /> 4. The Story ("The Cloak"). This is a horrible story that is really weak and creepy Jon Pertwee annoyed me, but the end surprised me a bit, and Ingrid Pitt was great as always, but it's just boring and has been done many times, plus where was the creativity ?? . Degree D <br /> <br /> The direction is amazing! Peter Duffell does a great job here with great camera work, great angles, adds a bit of scary atmosphere and keeps the movie at a very fast pace! Acting is awesome!. John Bryans is great here, as the narrator, he had some good lines, I just wanted more screen time. John Bennett is very good like that. And was quite intense, he was especially good at the end! I liked him very much. Denholm Elliott is excellent as Charles, he was vulnerable, showed fear, was very sympathetic, and I loved his facial expression, he rocked! Joanna Dunham is amazingly beautiful, and did well with what she had to do as a wife, she also had good chemistry with Denholm Elliott! Tom Adams is incredibly scary like Dominic, he was scary, and got the job done extremely well! Peter Cushing is fantastic as always and is great here, he is sympathetic, focused, charming and always has lots of class! (Cushing Rules !!). Joss Ackland is amazing as always and so young here, I hardly recognized him, his accent was not so thick and played another role, I loved it! (Ackland rules). Wolfe Morris is scary here and did what he had to do well. Christopher Lee is amazing as always and is great here, he is incredibly intense, very focused and always had the big intense look on his face, he was especially amazing at the end! (Lee Rules !!). Chloe Franks is adorable as a daughter, she's a little scary and gave one of the best children's shows I've ever seen! I loved her. New Dawn Porter is beautiful and was excellent as a babysitter, I liked her lots! Jon Pertwee annoyed me here, and was rather gentle and completely unfunny, nor did he have chemistry with Ingrid Pitt! Ingrid Pitt is beautiful and does her usual Vampire stuff and does it well! <br /> <br /> The rest of the throw is fine. Overall a must see! **** out of 5
