If you want to learn about the Spanish Civil War and about all the political details and intrigues, let me tell you that you've chosen the wrong movie. <br /> <br /> This is a vision of the war as it happened in Mallorca, a small island off the coast of Spain. When such a war takes place in a small island that takes a stance on the traitor almost at once, there is no war in the open. The soldiers are sent to the front to fight on the mainland while another kind of war happens at home on the small island. There are neighbors telling other neighbors, sometimes because their political views are contrary to the new regime, but many are told because of old family struggles, or perhaps the silent introvert who does not have friends is told by someone who wants to "earn some points". And these things don't happen in the open. There were some attempts, true, but many other times people would just wake up in the middle of the night, taken out of their home to the nearest cemetery where they would be killed. And the next morning, the bodies were found and people would have an idea of ​​what had happened, but no one would dare to speak or do anything. We are not talking about soldiers killing anyone they had never seen in their lives. We are talking about people who kill their neighbors and probably say hello to their widow the next day, and even attended the funeral of the guy they had killed. We are talking about villages with one or two thousand inhabitants, all of whom knew everyone. <br /> <br /> I'm from the small island, and I've heard the stories, my grandparents told me, and I have to say movies disturb me, oh yes it did; but I also found it remarkably beautiful and moving. The original violence is not something the director or author made up, so things have happened during the war. A child who knew his father's father is in the fascist team that killed his father? Possible. Everything happened later? Possible too. TB was also genuine. At that time my island was not the holiday town. People were poor, illiterate and worked in small farms. After the war there were times of hardship. <br /> <br /> So you won't find a war story in this movie or at least not the kind of war story you expect. There are no battlefields, no soldiers, no political intrigues. This is the best possible kind of war that happens when space is limited (just see the size of the island) when neighbors struggle with their neighbors when members of the same family fight each other and they live in a place where everyone knows everyone. You find a story about the damage that this particular kind of war can cause to humans and the history of how they survive the damage, or maybe they don't. <br /> <br /> I must mention the excellent work done by the authors who adapted the novel and by all the actors who managed to sound really Majorcan. It was remarkable.
