(SPOILERS included) This movie is definitely the best Amicus production I've seen so far (though I still have few to check out). The house that killed blood is a horror omnibus ?? an anthology containing four spooky stories involving tenants of a vicious hell house on the British landscape. A common mistake in productions like this wastes too much energy on the enclosed story that links the separate stories? Peter Duffel's film didn't pay too much attention to it. It's just a Scotland Yard inspector coming to the house to investigate the last tenant's disappearance, and he learns about the bizarre events that occurred earlier. All four stories in this movie are of high quality and together they create a perfect sound. High expectations are allowed for this movie as it was completely written by Robert Bloch! Yes, the same Bloch who wrote the novel that resulted in the glorious horror landmark `Psycho '?? We also mark Peter Duffel's solid and very professional debut as director. <br /> <br /> The four stories ?? chapters if you want ?? In the house, which killed blood contains a good diversity of subjects, but they are almost as chilling and scary. Number 1 is about a horror writer who comes to the house with his wife to find inspiration for his new book. It starts really well, but after a brief moment he haunted and stalked by the villain of his own imagination. The idea in this story is not exactly original ?? But it is very exciting and climax is quite surprising. The second story stars (Hammer) terrifyingly Peter Cushing as retired broker. Still haunted by the image of an impossible and long-lasting love, he encounters a wax statue similar to each other. Cushing is a joy to observe as always and ?? even if the subject wax museums are not new ?? this story generally looks fresh and innovative. This chapter also contains a couple of lovely shocks, and there is a constantly tense atmosphere. It's a great warm-up for what is probably the best story: number 3. Another legendary actor in this, Christopher Lee gives a flawless portrayal of a scared father. He is very strict and strict about his young daughter, and he keeps her isolated from the outside world. Not without reason, as the little girl shows a bizarre fascination with witchcraft and voodoo. In addition to the great play by Lee and the remarkable achievement of Chloe Franks as the eerie child, this story also has a fantastic gothic atmosphere! The devious undertones of this story, along with the creepy sound effects of thunder, make this story a must for fans of authentic horror. The fourth and final story, where a vain horror actor is controlled by the vampire dress he wears, is slightly weaker than the others when it comes to excitement and credibility, but the overload of subtle humor more or less compensates for it. There is even a little room for parody in this story, as the protagonist refers to the co-star Christopher Lee in the Dracula series! The most memorable element of this last chapter is the presence of the beautiful Ingrid Pitt! The cult queen from `The Vampire Lovers' is certainly one of the many highlights of the film's cleavage in particular. <br /> <br /> There is no doubt about that? The house that killed blood will be greatly appreciated by classic horror fans. I really think that with a bit of humor, one of the few movies that will fear you and give you a great impression. Intelligent and compelling horror as it should be! Highly recommended. An extra little note, though: this movie must not "repeat", should not be confused with "The Dorm That Dripped Blood". The latter is a very annoying and miserable underground 80-slasher who has nothing in common with this movie, except for the title it stole.
