"The House That Dripped Blood" is one of the better anthologies movies of the period. <br /> <br /> ** SPOILERS ** <br /> <br /> Tracking down a missing movie star, Inspector Holloway, (John Bennett) notes that the last reported observation was in a large country manor. During the review of the house he is told about four different stories of former residents of the house. <br /> <br /> The good story (s): Method of murder - Move into the mysterious manor house for peace and quiet, while Charles pens his latest masterpiece, acting author Charles Hillyer (Denholm Elliott) and his wife Alice, (Joanna Dunham) is thrilled with the story centering on a serial string called Dominic. After a series of strange accidents and experiences in the house, Charles begins to believe that my creation has come to life and haunts him and his wife. Probably one of the better entrances in the movie, it is easily the most eerie. The atmosphere here is what sets it apart. The scenes of the fictional character are really scary, the mystery around him is really effective, and there is always a classic creeping moment. The classic moment is the killing of the psychiatrist's office, which is an all-time high for creepiness. The structure for it, with the creaking sounds, quick flashes of a mysterious being, and the thunder and lightning in the background work well for this one's favor. <br /> <br /> Soaking up the sweet move in a new house, widower John Reid (Christopher Lee) hires former schoolteacher Ann Norton (Nyree Dawn Porter) for his young daughter Jane (Chloe Franks) while he is out on business. Ann begins to rave a dark secret from Jane's past, which John vehemently denies. When she learns the true nature of what has happened, it is much more shocking that what she might have thought possible. With the shameless direct plot and history's greatest twist, this is quite a pleasant entrance. The family mystery is wonderfully played out, with small amounts of clues piled up here and there, and the final revelation is exactly nervous. The only part is the main reason for this, and Lee does not hurt it either. The bad story: Waxwork-Tortured by memories of his lost love Phillip Grayson (Peter Cushing) and his friend Neville Rogers (Joss Ackland) are both pampered with a statue of a woman in a wax museum as the statue takes over their lives, they discover a shocking secret about the museum that mocks them both. There is a smart premise here, and it excuses to spend time in a wax museum, which is always scary. This is no exception, and it looks incredibly helpful by the luminous lighting shown on the sculptures. A dream sequence gives a good moment of excitement, but what ultimately kills this is the slow pace. It takes a long time for events to unfold and most of the time is used for exhibition. It also builds on a shock ending that can be seen from a mile away. They really lower this a bit. If the twist has been changed, it would have scored higher, the rest is acceptable. Cloak-Veteran horror movie actor Paul Henderson (Jon Pertwee) disturbed on the lack of realism on the set of his new movie going out and buying a new vampire cloak from a specialty store. The robe soon becomes a vampire, gets mad at the set of co-star Carla, (Ingrid Pitt) and other vampire acts at home. Convinced the cloak is the cause, he does everything he can to prove it's just in his imagination. This has a fairly decent premise, and there are plenty of opportunities for some decent scares, but what is sinking is several factors. First, it's just too greasy because it's good. The plot twist in the end is a perfect example, which is so overdone, that it is not at all a shock and just comes across as just silly. There are so few scenes of scary or attempted to scare that it is just a drill to sit through. It's the weakest in the movie. The Final Judgment: A pretty decent omnibus movie, there are a few small issues scattered through each of the stories that make this a less than perfect but still very sober movie. Recommended for those in the same movies at that time, or enjoying British horror movies. <br /> <br /> Today's Rating-PG-13: Violence
