The British production company Amicus is generally known as a specialist for horror antithesis, and this great allnibus called "The House That Dripped Blood" is undoubtedly the finest Amicus production I've seen so far (though there are a few I still have to see, though). "The House That Dripped Blood" consists of four lovely macabre stories, all set in the same eerie mansion. These four stories are brought to you in a wonderful gothic atmosphere, and with one of the finest ensemble casts imaginable. Peter Cushing, Christopher Lee (Cushing and Lee are two of my favorite actors ever), as well as Denholm Elliott and the brilliant Ingrid Pitt star in this movie - so which true Horror fan could possibly afford to miss it? No one, of course, and the movie has much more to offer than just a big cast. "The House That Dripped Blood" is about a spooky rural manor house where strange things arise. In four parts, the film tells the stories of four different heirs. <br /> <br /> The first story, "Method for Murder," tells the story of horror writer Charles Hyller (Denholm Elliott) who moves into the house with his wife. After moving in, the author suddenly feels haunted by a lunatic of his own creation ... The first segment is a big kickoff to the movie. The story is scary and macabre all the way through, and the performance is quite good. <br /> <br /> In the second story, retired businessman Phillip Grayson (Peter Cushing) moves into the house and suddenly feels attracted to a mysterious wax museum in the nearby town ... The great Peter Cushing once again delivers another sublime performance in this, and the rest of the performances are also very good. The story is lovely, and the second best of the film, after the third. The third story, "Sweets To The Sweet" is by far the most beautiful and brilliant of the four. John Reed (Christopher Lee) moves in with his little daughter. The private teacher and nanny, Mrs. Norton, whom Mr Reed has appointed to instruct his daughter, is shaken by his employer's rigor towards his daughter and is eager to find out why the overprotective father's view of education may have. Best segment maintains a very eerie atmosphere and a really scary plot. Christopher Lee is, as always, excellent in his role. Nyree Dawn Porter is also very good as a nanny, and my special praise goes to the 11-year-old Chloe Franks. This brilliant segment alone makes the movie a must-see for any true Horror fan. In the fourth segment, actor Paul Henderson (Jon Pertwee) moves into the house with his sexy mistress / co-star Carla (Ingrid Pitt). This fourth story is satire, more than it is actually Horror. However, it is a very entertaining satire and there are many ghosts to other Horror movies. At one point, Henderson indirectly refers to Christopher Lee, who is in the previous third segment ... <br /> <br /> All four segments have a wonderful macabre sense of humor and a good mood. As mentioned above, the third segment is by far the most fate and greatest, but the other three are also atmospheric and often macabre humorous horror stories that any horror lover should appreciate. A brilliant atmosphere, a macabre sense of humor, genuine honesty and a brilliant cast make this a must-see. In short, "The House That Dripped Blood" is an excellent Horror omnibus that no British Horror lover could afford to miss. Highly recommended!
