Yes, this is a horror-ranting movie and it was great fun! This is because even though the film was clearly horror, some of the stories had a bright light - and there were even occasional laughs. This is not a bad thing at all, as sometimes horror movies are a bit stuffy and too serious. Because of this and because all four stories were pretty good, it's one of the better movies in this style I've seen. <br /> <br /> The unifying theme that connects each story is the house itself. Four different stories involve people who either rent the home or examine what has happened to tenants. <br /> <br /> The first segment played Denholm Elliott as a scream writer who has an author block. So for a change of landscape they rent this house. Almost immediately the Elliot's block disappears and is constantly working on a story about a serial killer. Amazingly, soon after his block disappears, he actually begins to see his fictional character! Over and over, the psychotic killer disappears and then disappears - which makes him seem to lose his mind. This may just be the best of the stories as the great twist ends that story comes alive. The other, but not bad, is probably the weakest. Peter Cushing plays a bachelor who is pining for a girl friend who died some time ago (though the picture of her looked incredibly modern). When he enters a chamber of horror waxing museum in town, he sees a wax figure reminding him of his lost lady, and he is both fascinated and afraid of this. Later a friend (Joss Ackland) visits and he also sees the figure and is attracted to it. All this leads to an end that was quite a bit of a letdown. <br /> <br /> Christopher Lee then stares as an incredibly hard and stubborn father of a pathetic little girl. In most of this segment, Lee seemed to be an idiot, but in the end you can understand his behavior. Although it was slow, this ended very well. <br /> <br /> The fourth segment was the silliest and was supposed to parody the genre. Jon Pertwee (the third "Doctor" from the DR. WHO TV series) is a very temperamental actor known for his portrayals of Dracula. However, there is nothing about the movie according to him, and in a pique he fits out of the set to find better props for this vampire movie. In fact, it is quite interesting that he played this role as it seemed like a natural to Christopher Lee who played Dracula or other vampires a bazillion times (give or take a few). I enjoyed Pertwee's line when he basically said that Lee and other recent incarnations of Dracula were all crap compared to Bela Lugosi's! Maybe that's why Lee didn't take this part! Despite some very stupid moments, it was very entertaining and fun - possibly as good or better than the first segment. Considering that the movie started and ended so well, had excellent acting and writing, it's hard not to like this movie.
