No-nonsense Inspector Hollaway (a sturdy turn of John Bennett) examines the disappearance of a famous thespian and uncovers the wicked past of an eerily old house. First and most secular story, "Method for Murder" - Successful writer Charles Hillyer (nicely played by Denholm Elliott) is haunted by pictures of the murderous enemy he writes in his latest book. Although this particular excursion is too obvious and predictable to be something special, it is nevertheless built into a true dilly of a true surprise ending. The second and most strenuous anecdote, "Waxworks" - Lonely Philip Grayson (the always excellent Peter Cushing) and his just lonely friend Neville Rogers (the amazing Joss Ackland) are both pursued by the crooked witch statue of a beautiful but deadly murderer. Third and most chilling vignette, "Sweets to the Sweet" - Quiet, reserved and secretive widower John Reid (a typically horrible Christopher Lee in a rare semi-sympathetic role) hires nanny Ann Norton (the fine Nyree Dawn Porter) to take care of by his seemingly sweet and harmless daughter Jane (a remarkably eerie and unpleasant performance of the sweet-hearted Chloe Franks). This stand-out scary episode has given a significant disturbing boost to the unusual act of gifted actress Franks, who performs a truly disturbing sense of serene evil lurking just below a deceptively sweet and innocent English veneer. Fourth and Most Entertaining Yarn, "The Cloak" - The pompous horror movie star Paul Henderson (glorious for Jon Pertwees haughty) buys a mysterious cloak that turns him into a vampire when he wears it. This object makes it fun for fun and additional benefits from the awesomely pulchritudinous presence of the delicious Ingrid Pitt as enticing vampire Carla. Director Peter Duffell, working from a scrumptious macabre and kvidscript of the noted horror writer Robert Bloch, maintains a narrow pace throughout the world and does an ace job to create an appropriate huge atmosphere. Kudos is also in order for Ray Parslow's sharp filmography and shuddery score by Michael Dress. Highly recommended for fans of omnibus fright fare.
