I admit to being biased when I reviewed this as it was my introduction to the series. I watched this movie for the first time in ~ 2005 on the late night "Fear Friday" at the AMC, which often draws blurry jewels like this out of cold storage for new generations. I made it a point to see the entire Amicus anthology before I reviewed any of them here to make sure I had perspective. Looking back, I still rate the house that killed blood as my favorite, followed closely by Tales From The Crypt and then Asylum. I think all the elements that make this series charming --- vintage '60s /' 70s style filmography, creepy to kooky, television stories and the complete British of it right under the backing music ---- come together better here than any of the other superiors. The film centers around a very old English country house and the accident that happens to anyone living in. <br /> <br /> The first story involves a horror writer and his wife who moved into this secluded place to get a break from the city so he could concentrate on his passion. He creates a murderous character called Dominic and soon begins to experience great difficulties in telling reality from fiction. There is a subtle physchedelia here through his torment that I found fun even crazy. Oh and the horrible plug teeth (so again are the British actors, maybe they were REAL !!!) The second story is the story of a lonely old man (Peter Cushing) who has moved here to escape his loneliness, but it only gets worse since he is haunted by lost love. He seems to have found possible salvation at a local (very scary) wax museum, but it turns out that he would have been much better alone ....... <br /> <br /> The third story contains the great Christopher Lee (my fav British horror actor) as a single father with a rather disturbed and thoroughly scary young daughter. He is constantly wary of her getting into things she shouldn't - like witchcraft! She has a natural talent for it with good reason. Lee is amazing here as an ice-cold disciplinary, the man has a true talent for playing characters that are absolutely devoid of warmth !! But in spite of his best efforts, the little troublemaker actually learns forbidden knowledge and bad things follow ...... This final story is the story of a cynical old veteran actor who feels the young director he works with is not qualified to catch a real vampire movie right down to the quality of costumes and his robe in particular. Then he goes to an old curiosity shop in the middle of a foggy night to get something more "authentic". Little did he know that he picked up a genuine authentic vampire robe! Putting it on at midnight has quite noticeable effects. When I came to this fourth and final story, it was after. 3, and I couldn't quite keep awake at the first attempt (not from boredom). But I experienced something I have hundreds of times, a curious bonding experience I have with movies or music when I go in and out of sleep and movies / music become part of my dream !! Fun !! This bizarre story was perfect for it and seemed very scary for the first time than it actually was because I woke up just as he was levitated by the cloak and couldn't understand what happened first. Not long after, the lovely Ingrid Pitt, a costar on her movie set, came to warn her not to stick at midnight --- but he didn't have to bother, because she was a real vampire herself. The Chintzy keyboard that came with her as she flew toward him on the stairs was simply hysterical !! And again in my sleeping state, it seemed a little confusing! Page Note: Be sure to catch Lee and Pitt with the amazing Amicus star Britt Ekland in the early classic film The Wicker Man (1973). <br /> <br /> The weakest link here was the interlacing commentary between stories, but based on the stories themselves, this is a classic! I want to say objectively that the third story is best, but I like the fourth most because it makes me smile so much. Highly recommended for horror fans, and if you are a British horror fan, it is mandatory! I would say it is worthwhile to see the series in chronological order if you can. The last movie in this series, Monster Club (1980) is certainly the weakest. I think the first 3-4 movies except the sometimes mediocre torture garden (1967) are the best, but if you like any of them, you should see them all at least once. You will probably be back many more times to see your favorites.
