With a pair of Hammer's all-stars, this is a very effective piece of British fate around a house and the fate of its former tenant whose stories are told a Scottish host detective looking for a missing actor. <br /> <br /> History number one, probably the least impressive of the four, deals with a writer and his wife who have just moved in the house and plan to stay just for a short time so he can Write one of his horror novels. He creates a demented character by the name of Dominic, who is a very creepy looking stranger, and soon finds himself mad as he begins to see this beastly looking man everywhere he goes. After his wife convinced him to seek psychiatric help, a subplot was introduced which honestly did not work for me. I will not destroy it for you. <br /> <br /> The next story (the best in my opinion) stars the wonderful Peter Cushing as Philip Grayson, a man who has moved into the home for his retirement years and soon makes his way to a nearby wax museum (there is about the macabre), where he is very keen on finding a wax figure that looks like a woman from her past. Soon thereafter, an old friend (who also has a story with this woman) in town for business and drops past to see him. The two men are in for a rude awakening when they soon discover that there was more to this woman than to meet the eye. <br /> <br /> Story three stars one of my favorite ... Christopher Lee playing John Reid. After moving into the home with his peculiar daughter Jane, the nanny he hires becomes terribly suspicious of how Reid represses his daughter. Well, you came to find out ... if she knew what Lee was doing, she would surely have understood. The final story is a rather light hearted vampire story, which stars John Pertwee and Ingrid Pitt. After purchasing a cloak from a mysterious merchant, the actor Paul Henderson finds himself in the being, which he has portrayed several times in his career. Generally, the pacing and direction were very good as it was most of the performances. There were good gothic touches here and there and an effective score to complement the mood. This is a keeper and comes highly recommended.
