Link History: Another first-time show for me, and again this is one of the most popular of the Amicus anthologies - and it's easy to see why, although I realize how the movie's rather meaningless title can be misleading for some; I have definitely confused the director Peter Duffell's choice - DEATH AND THE MAID (which, incidentally, is a classic piece of Schubert that is heard in the film during the Peter Cushing episode) - quite a bit more. Although the link unit itself is not that big, the episodes are just as convincing and comfortable. Production values ​​come out as very respectful of the budget Duffell had to work with. The latter infuses the movie with a great style, which is not so common with this type of film, and it is honest that you regret the fact that he wanted to abstain from the genre (yet not to be typecast rather than because he felt it was under him). <br /> <br /> Now to the individual stories themselves: <br/> <br /> "Method of murder": the opening segment does not give any real surprises, but, to compensate for this, it is calmly exciting and expediently scary at times (Tom Adams 'fictitious' villain, similar to Boris Karloff's long lost brother from THE OLD DARK HOUSE [1932]); It also ends with a satisfactory DIABOLIQUE-type twist and has a rather intense role for Denholm Elliott in the lead. That's all we really need from it. <br /> <br /> "Waxworks": For the second story, we are introduced to a curiously romantic mood, which is quite unusual for this type of film; Peter Cushing and Joss Ackland are both excellent (as well as impeccably dressed) in their roles by two jilted lovers of a woman who continue to occupy themselves after such a long time, and whose kind rivalry can only bring them blindly and indestructible to one Fate that is literally worse than death An eerie hallucination scene with Peter Cushing is quite well done in light of the limited resources available and Acklandton's inexplicable inability to leave town reminds one of Bunuel's EXTERMINATION ANGEL (1962) . > "Sweets To The Sweet": this is perhaps the finest episode of all - with its ambiguous role here, Christopher Lee continues to show his versatility, and he is matched by an understanding of Nyree Dawn Porter and Chloe's fraudulent innocence. Franks (shown as Lee's daughter). The film's treatment of occult here is both subtle and mature, culminating in a powerful and extremely shocking 'curtain'. Trivia Note: Chloe Franks appears as an adult in the featurette included on the disc, and when I saw her, I felt an instant familiarity with her face, but couldn't quite put my finger on it. Later I was reading her filmography revealed to me that she had played one of the leaders in the long-running adaptation of Agatha Christie's "The Mousetrap" in London's West End, as my brother and I were fortunate enough to catch we there on vacation in the summer of 2002! Of course we had no idea that she had once created such a delicate - and delicious - depiction of pure evil, mainly because of her distinctive appearance and a devilish smile! <br /> <br /> "The Cloak": A crazy but oddly reverent vampire story (still able to debunk many of the myths associated with the subgenres while discovering some new ones!) that takes some wonderful digs into exploitation cinema and at some point, even Christopher Lee! Jon Pertwee is marvelous as the campy horror star who gets more than he negotiated when trying to gain a authenticity of authenticity in his work; Ingrid Pitt sends her picture nicely, although her role is somewhat subsidiary to the case; Geoffrey Bayldon (made to look like Ernest Thesiger) also has a strange quirky bit; the end of the sound "silent cinema" was quite bold to draw on an audience, I suppose - and even though some of the humor comes out as heavy-handed to the old vampire quills (1967) or theater of BLOOD (1973), It is also quite contagious and certainly ends the movie on a high (and very unusual) note! <br /> <br /> Video and audio quality are relatively satisfactory as I had no other version to compare with; The biggest culprit is some noticeable pressure damage, but it is never so nasty to affect the enjoyment of the movie. As for the extra features, starting with the audio commentary: frankly, this is one of the finest chats about a genre movie that I can remember listening to; Jonathan Rigby will push his moderation more than usual for a moderator, but his efforts allow particular director Peter Duffell to touch every aspect of the production (while with some other films, you're left more than expected to be more!) and as such, it is an extremely comfortable track that complements the main function very nicely. Feature "A-Rated Horror Film" is a valuable effort with Peter Duffell again at the mid-stage, but this time supported with valid if too brief contributions from producer Max J. Rosenberg and stars Chloe Franks, Ingrid Pitt and Geoffrey Bayldon. We also get movie notes, reviews, bios and a poster / still image gallery, which again is wonderfully collected (with contemporary reviews being a novelty - and a welcome to it).
