THE HOUSE AT DRIPPED BLOOD is the third in a series of seven Amicus horror anthologies. If the MONSTER CLUB is included as part of the series, this would make eight movies. Although that movie is very different from the others. I look at the Amicus anthology with good memories, which I used to love them when I was in my teens. My feelings for them today are just as strong. <br /> <br /> I spent many years trying to track this movie. The synopses of the stories were so appealing that I went so far as to pay a significant amount for it, when I finally found a copy. Almost as if the movie was, I felt a sense of disappointment when I finally saw it. It wasn't quite as good as I was led to believe. Although it is better than its two predecessors, it is not as good as its four successors that I must demonstrate. <br /> <br /> The coherent story sees John Bennett as a police mission tracking a missing person living in a mysterious old house. His journey begins at the local police station, where he learns stories from former residents. The coherent story later sees that he visits the real estate agent who sold the house. While this coherent story seems to be lure on paper, it is flat and lifeless in practice and lightens the weakest of any Amicus anthology. I couldn't help but get the feeling that John Bennett is a poor man's version of Donald Pleasance or Ian Hendry. I would much rather have seen one of the two aforementioned actors in his role. We could even have had both here - one as a police inspector and another as a real estate agent. They could, and I think, would have brought this weak element into the movie much better. <br /> <br /> The movie features four stories, each focusing on a resident of the house. <br /> <br /> The first story sees Denholm Elliott as author of crime stories. He is absorbed in an exciting story of a stranger, even going as far as drawing a sketch to help his writing. Shortly afterwards, he begins to see visions of his own creation. Some excellent direction of Peter Duffell, especially with the choice of camera angles, helps to detract from the retained script. Elliot's performance is great as the tormented writer, and he also helps raise the story. The story ends with a half-twist, but I couldn't help getting the feel of a script that didn't allow it to live up to its potential. <br /> <br /> The other story sees Peter Cushing moving into the house. He is a lonely man who still pains for a beautiful young woman who once jilted him and who he keeps a picture of. Cushing's performance really brings to life this emotionally moving story. He is assisted by the director, who chooses to include ongoing focus on Cushing's loneliness. This is taken forward with a great hallucination scene that helps us look inside Cushing's mind. Anyway, Cushing sees a figure at a nearby wax museum resembling his girl. Of course, his obsession grows, but this apparently romantic story has a disturbing twist in the end. Joss Ackland plays Cushing's rival, but his performance is massively overshadowed by the late great Peter Cushing. <br /> <br /> The third story and easily the best sees Christopher Lee - my favorite horror actor all the time - moving into the house with his daughter. Mr. Lee gives a perfect ice-cold performance here. He doesn't show love or attention at all for his daughter. He even brings a school administrator to educate her. The governance played by Nyree Dawn Porter in another of her amazing performances is trying to figure out what's wrong. Without giving too much away, I can reveal that witchcraft plays a role. Christopher Lee's presence is truly electrifying in every scene he is in. Chloe Franks deserves special recognition for her massively underrated performance as the little girl who is easily the strangest character in the whole movie. The movie is worth seeing even for the sake of seeing this particular story. The final story is played almost exclusively by laughs, but it is certainly entertaining and that is what matters. Jon Pertwee plays a horror movie actor who moves into the house. He is very dissatisfied with the approach taken by his producers to film and sees everything as cheap and false, especially costumes. So he decides to buy an authentic cloak for his latest vampire role. Geoffrey Bayldon has an excellent cameo as a reseller selling Pertwee an old robe. When Pertwee puts on the robe, he begins to develop fangs and basically transforms into a vampire. Pertwege's performance must be seen as belief. It is really fun. Ingrid Pitt is also in this story, but her talent is wasted in a role that should have been much greater. <br /> <br /> The linking story ends with a loose connection to the final story. This is particularly appropriate as the inspector was looking for Pertwee and of course decided to visit the house. The rest you will be able to train yourself. I am convinced that the blame for the shortcomings of what should have been a truly magnificent film does not lie, as weak as the coherent story is, it has a decent if somewhat accidental comic ending. with Peter Duffell, the director who really does his best with what he has. I think the manuscript was just disturbed and lacks the ambition that can be found in the four later films. <br /> <br /> Overall, the house that is printed blood, despite its shortcomings, is a must-see for fans of Amicus anthologies, fans of other Amicus films or fans of portmanteau horror movies. If my summary gives the film sufficient appeal in your eyes, check it out. You enjoy it!
