Four stories of terror about the events of a cruel old mansion are told to skeptical Scotland's Yard researcher Holloway (John Bennett) as he examines where the recent resident of the house drinking blood lies. <br /> <br /> One can only fight to find the words to describe the true brilliance that is Hus 斤 Hus The House that Drinked Blood. This seventies horror anthology is quite remarkable in that such a visually innocent movie is capable of causing horror in even the most discerning of viewers. Incredibly, the number of depictions of violence on the screen can be counted on one side, but the film is still capable of portraying brutality and succeeding in eliciting the most horrible images in the viewers' own imagination, while refraining from taking the obvious route of graphic violence. In a rare move in the early seventies, the technical features of the films are almost flawless, from the flawless performance of the star-studded cast (with the legendary Peter Cushing, Christopher Lee and Ingrid Pitt) all the way to the amazing direction and storytelling courtesy of Peter Duffell and master of the macabre author Robert Bloch (author of the novel Psycho '). The only real complaints you can have with 'The House That Dripped Blood' are the somewhat asinine plot-twists at the end of the first two segments and the predictable end of the picture, but even these minor details fail to detract from the parent experience experience. <br /> <br /> The first segment entitled Method for Murder tells the story of Charles Hillyer (Denholm Elliott), a scary writer who rents the creepy house while working on his latest novel. Hillyer continues to see the murderous sign of his story in and around the house and soon begins to question the difference between fiction and reality. Elliot's performance in this piece is truly exceptional, and his character gets a surprising air of credibility. The key to this segment, as with the others, is the mystery of the events taking place. The viewer is asked to question whether the sight of Dominic's murderous character is merely a hallucination, a schizophrenic disease or whether the character is actually there. Duffell's direction succeeds in creating a disturbing atmosphere coupled with a slow, methodical approach to creating the excitement and excitement required to make the segment much-needed. The following segment shows Peter Cushing as the new resident of the creepy house. During a trip into the city he comes across a wax museum of horrors and decides to venture in. As he discovers, he discovers a wax model of a beautiful woman who is too familiar with him. Cushing's character (Philip) is then put together with his friend Neville (Joss Ackland), who also wants to visit the museum, much to Philips dismay. In this segment, the viewer is given no more than very subtle traces of the wok women's mystery, but generally the viewer is left in the dark. There is much less tension to this particular story, but the segment still manages to maintain its mysterious air through an extremely horrible dream sequence and the general ambiguity of history. Duffell's direction is once again unique, and although this is perhaps the weakest of the four stories, there is no denying that through a creative direction and credible acting, Waxworks is still a great film entry. <br /> <br /> ?? Waxworks' is followed by what, in my opinion, is the largest of the four segments ?? ?? sweet sweet Christopher Lee stars like John Reid, the father of a young girl who initially has an inexplicable fire for fire, soon remedied by nursing nurse Ann Norton (Nyree Dawn Porter). However, John seems to have a dark secret about the family. Ets 斤 ets Sweets to the Sweet is easily the most sober and intricate of the four stories, and therefore the segment is unthinkable for the viewer. Throughout the segment, small and subtle tracks are published on the truth behind the family, but it is only until the immensely terrible final scene that everything is right. This is the best example of how Duffell used dramatic excitement and excitement to create the awesome atmosphere that made the whole movie great. Accompanied by a wonderfully arranged soundtrack, "Sweets to the Sweet" is an exercise in sustained fear that grabs the viewer in the throat and refuses to let go until the painful screams ending this piece eventually cease. Personally, I think this short segment would have made an entertaining and haunting feature movie and I would give this segment a rare 10/10. The film is finished with the story of the missing performer that the investigator was originally interested in. Jon Pertwee and Ingrid Pitt star as two artists who are currently working on a horror movie. Pertwees character is disgusted by the amateur production and props of the movie, and therefore he buys his own vampire clothing from a strange store of mysteries. However, strange things begin to happen when he wears the robe and soon he begins to fear the worst. This segment, which places the inspector among the events, is a great way to unpack a wonderful anthology. Although there is an indelible air in the camp to the segment, it is in a way that makes history so entertaining. Unfortunately, there is little in this segment that could be described as frightening to some extent, and the predictable ending could have been done better, but the segment, however, has its redeeming properties. Horror buffs should surely look out for Pertwee's brief commentary on Bela Lugosis and Christopher Lee's portrayal of Dracula. This somewhat comical and light hearted approach to the final segment is essentially an appropriate and almost natural way to finish the image, even though it lets down the movie compared to the previous examples of voltage-driven horror. <br /> <br /> In summary, ?? The House That Dripped Blood 'is one of the greatest horror anthologies that has an incredible cast, good stories and over-the-par. There are certainly worse ways to spend a hundred minutes of your life, and while blood and intestines will be very disappointed, fans of more excited horror efforts should enjoy this movie tremendously. My rating for ?? The House That Dripped Blood ?? 8.10.
