Horror omnibus film was popular in the 70s. I am not very fond of them, but this is an unimaginably excellent piece of British horror cinema. The House That Dripped Blood is a horror omnibus containing four stories surrounding a cruel old house in the country and being told to a Scotland Yard officer by a real estate agent. <br /> <br /> This movie is the headline of three well-known stars of horror cinema; Peter Cushing, Christopher Lee and Ingrid Pitt, who horror fans will recognize as one of Lee's co-stars in the biggest British horror movie of all time; The Wicker Man. <br /> <br /> The first segment of the movie entitled "Method for Murder" tells the story of a horror storywriter whose creation; a stranger called "Dominic" is brought to life by his own imagination. This story builds excitement very well; Through his girlfriend, he and the audience lead to believe that what he sees is a fantasy of his imagination. This story is certainly not very original, but it represents its lack of originality through the atmosphere it creates, and that is the last twist; that seems incredibly good and came as a real surprise. <br /> <br /> The second story titled "Waxworks", stars Peter Cushing and is my least favorite of the four. This story follows the story of Phillip Grayson (Cushing), a man who discovers a wax museum and decides to venture in. He discovers a woman who is known to him and who we later find out is a murderer. Whatever the woman's relationship with Phillip entailed, is never really explained, but the story is more based on the mystery of building the excitement rather than getting details about it. Cushing later arrives with his friend, Neville Rogers (played by Joss Ackland), and that's when the story really begins to pick up. The setting of a wax museum full of murderers for a horror movie is not a new idea; The same setting was used for great effect in the excellent 1966 horror movie, "Chamber of Horrors". Although not as large as that of the aforementioned film, the force setting is no less of a terrible effect, much of which is achieved by a claustrophobic feeling due to the limited area of ​​the museum. Peter Cushing is always interesting to see, and seeing him avoid a crippling maniac is a treat for the horror fan. Despite being my least favorite, this story is still entertaining and interesting enough not to let this anthology down. <br /> <br /> The movie continues with "Sweets for the Sweet", which is undoubtedly the best of omnibus. This story stars the legendary Christopher Lee as a seemingly overprotective father. The beauty of this story comes from the way it is played. It leaves the audience guessing we know there is something wrong with either father or daughter, but we do not know who or what it is. Christopher Lee, as usual, portrays his character with a great deal of sense; The audience is about to swim over its actions in giving its daughter a doll and the fact that she must not go to school or have toys. The card of exactly why is held close to the chest until it is right near the end, which is the epitome of the real chill line where Lee tells his babysitter that he is actually afraid of his daughter. The end of this section is amazingly accomplished, in my opinion, it is one of the finest conclusions of any horror story ever told and will remain with you long after the end of the credits. <br /> <br /> Omnibus ends with "The Cloak", which is the most comedic of the four. This story is about a hammy horror movie star who, unpublished by his latest movie's technical side, goes out and buys himself a cloak. Of course, this cloak turns out to be a true vampire robe. Unlike the other three stories, this seems to be played mostly by laughs. It's not bad, as the majority of humor is fun and serves as a good contrast to the rest of the movie. The end of this story coincides with the end of the film's encompassing story, which is a very scary but humorous ending to a very good movie. Also look out for the little jibe about Christopher Lee in Dracula. A nice touch, I think. <br /> <br /> All in all, if you want a horror omnibus, you really can't go wrong with The House that Dripped Blood. The third story alone makes the movie worthy of your time, and it is a very solid horror movie.
