Having seen the Peter O'Toole version recently, I was ready to be confused by the wise writing in this version. Some time is spent on the games that I prefer. Instead, we are shown all the many motives underlying both French and English (which kept Normandy) politicians and priests who killed her. Even the worst hypocrite of all, the Archbishop, leaves us with the idea that "Of course she was innocent. The innocent has always had to suffer for the aspirations of the mighty. She had no idea what she said, no idea of ​​the implications of blasphemy or go against the church, she had no idea what the church's condition on such matters was even. "<br /> <br /> Premings were true to the myths of her death, and I appreciated the preview on the tape that showed that the flames came up and burned her. Why? They used gas jets in the film and 2 of them were stopped. Suddenly the air pressure blew out and the flames sprang up straight on her. Luckily for her they didn't have to repeat the shot as it was so realistic: she was burned !! Exactly traumatic introduction to an Iowa girl for her new career to act. John Gielgud performed excellently. He is the English politician who orchestrates the show. He also makes the point that when you condemn someone to death, you will not be around to see them die. You may shrink from your "duty" next time ... not that such delicacies disturb the soul of our wild president. We Christians, even the most anti-Semitic, have no problem falling back on the Old Testament when it comes to the death penalty, even though it was spanned by the words of Jesus. Come on public executions like this little girl. Smelling burnt meat can bring us respectable people to the senses of our souls. The only little "pick" I have about this movie is that we are not shown why the pastor, who has been so stubbornly urging her to burn so suddenly becomes so contradictory, even to the point of madness. There should have been more expansion of his character, more dialogue - since the sudden 'coming to his senses' does not make sense. <br /> <br /> And whether Graham Greene does it consciously or not, St. Joan is such a confident little startup, you almost but not quite, happy that she meets her coming. And when she put her life in prison for some reason I thought of Anne Sexton, the poet who accused Sylvia Plath of stealing her death when she committed suicide ... knowing such an act guarantees immortality. You must wonder !! <br /> <br /> If there was ever a good example of obsessive thought and logical closeness, this is one. St. Joan should have turned Buddhist and asked "the voices of her mind".
