Preminger's adaptation of G. B. Shaw's "Saint Joan" (manuscript by Graham Greene) received one of the worst critical reactions of his day. It was destroyed by the pseudo-elite, the purists, and the audience did not respond to a movie that lacked the evil and glamor expected of a historical adventure. As in '' Peeping Tom '', the reaction was malicious and unjustified. Preminger's adaptation of Shaw's intellectual exploration of the effects and actions of Joan of Arc (her actual name in her own language is Jeanne d'Arc, but this film is in English) is completely true to the spirit of the original game, not just literally emotionally level, but also formally. His film is a British study of the functioning of the institutions, the division within and outside of various factions, which everyone wants to have power. As such, we are not allowed to identify at any emotional level with any of the characters, including Joan himself. <br /> <br /> As played by Jean Seberg (whose subsequent life offers an eerie parallel to her role here), she is presented as innocent, a purity whose much actions and presence reveal corruption and emptiness in all. As such, Seberg plays her as both Saint and Madwoman. Her own lack of experience as an actress when she made this film (which appears in spots) conveys Jeanne fresh and young, reveals both the fact that Jeanne la Pucelle is a humble illiterate peasant girl who stroked to protect her village and her natural intelligence. In no way did she deserve the harsh criticism she got on the film's first release, it is a performance far beyond the ken and call of any first-time actress without prior acting experience. Shaw and Preminger took a secular view of Joan to see her as a medieval era feminist, not content with being a rustic daughter whose fate is getting married away or a whore occupied by soldiers to and from the battlefields. Her beliefs, her voices, her visions, which she blends with words like "fantasy" and "common sense," lead her to wear the armor armor to fight them to chase the invading Englishman out of France. <Br /> <br /> And it may be said, however, that the film is more interested in Dauphin's court (Richard Widmark), the president's office trying Joan led by Pierre Cauchon (Anton Walbrook, effortlessly thrown) and the actions of the Earl of Warwick ( John Gielgud) in Joan himself. The excellent ensemble cast (all men) depicts figures of scheming, Machievellian (though history precedes Niccolo) opportunists who treat religion as a childish toy to be used and manipulated for their own purposes. The sharp sardonic dialogue gives the actors fun to lose. John Gielgud as the highly rational earl whose intelligence (though accompanied by corruption) allows him to calculate the precise way he can ensure that Joan is burned to the stake and Anton Walbrooks Pierre Cauchon brings a three-dimensional portrait to this intelligent theologian That will give Joan a fair trial that will surely find her guilty. Richard Widmark as the Dauphin is a true revelation. In contrast to the type of casting choice you will ever find, Widmark shows the weak future ruler in France in a frenzied, comic book that is as close as this movie comes to comic relief. A cartoon performance that feels like an imitation of Jerry Lewis far more than a prominent future ruler in France. Preminger shot '' Saint Joan '' in black and white, the filmmaker is Georges Perinal, who worked with Rene Clair and who did '' Colonel Blimp's life and death '' in color. It is perfectly detained to emphasize the rational intellectual atmosphere of this movie. Preminger prefers to track the shots of long uninterrupted take is the key to film efficiency, there is no sense of a wasted movement anywhere in his mise-en scene. It also marks the direction of Preminger's most mature (and most neglected period) he focuses on the conflict between individuals and the institutions where they work, how the institution works and how the individual acts according to his principles. These themes get their most direct treatment in their movie, and as always, he keeps things unpredictable and finds no black and white answers. This is one of his very best and most effective films.
