Fräulein Doktor is just as good a demonstration as some of how the once great film industry in Western Europe has fallen over the last 40 years. So at the end of the 60s, while the big Hollywood studios were on the ropes, Italy, France and England beat film to fill the void left by Hollywood's decline. There were the James Bond pictures (Doctor No was a surprising hit in the United States, it was first released in the Century Theater Chain in NYC with a 99 cent afternoon admission fee), Clint Eastwood Spaghetti Westerns (with a Fistful Dollars released by a distributor who never the Italian producers paid a crown) and French crime films, which usually went to art houses with exceptions like the Sicilian clan. And there were European co-productions such as Doctor Zhivago and of course Fräulein Doktor. With its large budget at the moment, and it involved the world's talent, Fräulein Doktor was good enough for viewers to still remember the film decades later. <br /> <br /> Kenneth More plays a British intelligence officer, has a line in Fräulein Doctor where he tells a captured spy to either speak or he wants to play Wall Game. The wall is opposite a shooting space, with little chance of the spy winning the game. The kind of cynical attitude played well across national boundaries in the Vietnam War era of 1969. The steaming scenes between Suzy Kendall and Capucine have probably not harmed these performers' chances of sharing in Hollywood movies, Hollywood studios were throwing their overseas distributions - and production companies. Fox would no longer produce films like The Sicilian Clan, Columbia would not distribute films like Belmondo's The Night Caller. MGM went even further, splashing almost the entire film production and selling its chain of theaters in India for the value of the ground beneath and unloading its Borehamwood studio facility as the Kerkorian plotted the studio to raise money to build its casino in Las Vegas (where one Bally casino gift shop sold MGM memorabilia to giveaway prices, stuff back from the auction of MGM stockpile). <br /> <br /> Paramount distributed Fräulein Doktor, but the Golf and West Charles Bludhorn, who had taken over the company and canned studio's old board, unloaded the studio's movie library to Universal (as I recall) and became really interested in movies after production consultant Robert Evans started turning one stroke in succession. But it was in the 70s. Fräulein Doctor with his lesbian scene was buried, with carved versions of the film being shown at local stations throughout the 80s. <br /> <br /> Kenneth More was usually typecast as a bumbling guy when he was older, especially in the BBC Detective series Far Brown. When he was younger, as in the British movie Titanic, he played his standard reserved British officer. In Fräulein Doktor, he had a chance to be much harder than usual, as I remember. It would be nice to see if my memory of this movie is exactly about his role and, of course, the cavalry horses wearing gas masks and protective caps that run in battle. It was a scene, and Alberto Lattuada showed that he was some directors who killed this first world war espionage movie, where the money on production values ​​really shows up on the screen.
