This particular episode of Smallville is probably the best episode to air since reunion. This is for many reasons. For example, the series takes back some of its roots. It welcomes Lionel from an allegedly long absence, with the Luthorcorp Plaza office in Metropolis. This room has not been in smallville for a very long time, and seeing it again brings many memories back from the smallville past. Not to mention, Lionel's conversations with Lex are always admirable. Another pleasant decline is, well uv guessed it is Bart Allen (aka Impulse), AC (aka Aquaman) and Victor Stone (aka Cyborg). Steven Deknight not only reunites the former justice practitioners, he blends them into the Smallville formula in such a unique way that it almost feels like a movie of his own length. From there you get the basic story, the Green Arrow forms the league, trying to blow 33.1, Bart gets caught, Clark saves him, and the plant is blown to kingdom com. Everything is good and graceful, with a good mix of stealth, action, pace and excitement. Oh, and Cyborg has some great new upgrades that are true to the Justice League character :). <br /> <br /> The music is probably what makes this episode so good. If you remember correctly, the first episode was Steven Deknight targeting Agless from season 4. This was a mediocre episode, but something felt out of place. maybe it was the music, or the play, or actually Clark Sais at the end "We didn't find you, you found us", kind of created people lose faith in the formula. But luckily, Steve Deknight admits this episode of justice. <br /> <br /> I had a couple of quivvles about justice that made it short of the full 10. First of all, too cheesy exit of justice is the league from the Ridge facility expulsion. I think it would have been so much cooler if Green Arrow and Cyborg were on Oliver's bike (rememeber from arrow episode). Of course, Clark and Impulse should have driven, and aquaman should have swam through another route. But it was so incredibly cheesy, it nocked off 2 points from the full 10. <br /> <br /> Secondly another cheesy moment, not as bad as at first, but when Green Arrow sais "let's save the world ". It made me hug. All in all, the pros judge the imagined notions, music, direction and production values, and the pros outweigh the disadvantages, and it is still one of the best episodes in smallville history and perhaps the 2nd best episode in season 6. <br / > <br /> 7 out of 10 ...
