EL MAR is a hard, strong, completely brilliant, courageous work of biographical art. Director Agustí Villaronga, with an adaptation of Antoni Aloy and Biel Mesquida from Blai Bonet's novel, has created a film that tracks the profound effects of war on the minds of children and how this exposure destroys chaos on adult life. And although there is a focus on the war of the war on children, the transition to similar effects on soldiers and citizens of adulthood is clear. This movie becomes one of the finest anti-war documents without resorting to pamphleting: The end result has far more influence because of its inherent history after the children's morning towards adulthood. A small group of children are shown in the Spanish Civil War in Spain threatened with blackouts and invasive night slaughter of citizens. Ramala (Nilo Mur), Tur (David Lozano), Julia (Sergi Moreno) and Francisca (Victoria Verger) witness the terror of the murder and the revenge that drives one of them to murder and suicide. These broad eyes become adults who carry all the mental illness and trauma suppressed in their minds. <br /> <br /> We then meet the three survivors of adulthood, all of which are confined to a tuberculosis sanitarium. Ramala (Roger Casamajor) has survived as a male prostitute, protected by his' John Morell (Juli Mira), and has kept his lifestyle private. Tour (Bruno Bergonzini) has become a fragile, sexually repressed gay man whose cover is his involvement in Catholicism and blatant of misleading self-degradation / crucifixion. Francisca (Antònia Torrens) has become a nun and serves the patients in sanitation. The three are reunited with their sanitary environment and slowly reveal their childhood experiences with war. Lucky for Ramala's love, Ramala longs to be free from her Morell, and Francisca must meet her own internal needs covered by her white nun's habit. <br /> <br /> The setting of the sanitarium provides a graphical plan in which the thin line between life and death, between desire and love, and between devotion and destruction is played out. For details, more will spoil the movie's impact on the individual viewer, but it is sufficient to say that graphic sex and full nudity are involved (in some of the most amazing raw materials still on film), and the viewer should be ready to witness any kind of brutality imaginable. For this viewer, these scenes are extremely important, and director Villaronga must be applauded for his endurance and courage to make this story so intense. The actors, both as children and as adults, are amazing: Roger Cassamoor, Bruno Bergonzini and Antònia Torrens are extremely fine in extremely difficult roles. The kinematics of Jaime Peracaula and the joking musical score of Javier Navarrete serve the director's vision. A hard movie, this, but a highly recommended for those who are uninhibited to face the war gravel and its success. In Spanish with English subtitles. <br /> <br /> Grady Harp
