Leslie Charteris' series of novels of the fairy tales of the slightly shady Simon Templar ("The Saint") were brought on display in the late 1930s with the up and coming George Sanders as Templar. It was a meticulous choice - Sanders usually play villains with occasional "nice roles" (folly in foreign corridors, title hero of UNCLE HARRY, the framed "best friend" by Robert Montgomery in RAGE IN HEAVEN). Here his will to bend the rules and break a law briefly to his "heavy person" while his good looks and suave behavior made Templar a shady hero like Chester Morris "" Boston Blackie "and (to some extent) Peter Lorre's "Mr. Moto". <br /> <br /> The films are not the best series of movie mystery series - but they are useful. As the Rathbone's Holmes series or the Olands Chan series, the show often had actors repeating roles or playing new ones. (The domination of the movie here is played by Wendy Barrie, who would appear in another movie in the series). This and a little-known movie set makes the series a pleasurable experience for the viewers who hear the buzz of the dialogue (always showing the Sanders brain to keep one step ahead of the evil ones) without noticing the obvious shortcomings of the plot. All these mysteries are lacking because even the best writers of the genre cannot avoid repeating old ideas over and over again and again. <br /> <br /> Here the moment it happened was when one of the casts admitted his devotion to Barrie, whom she had long known. Shortly after, he tries to protect her from the police. But when the film dealt with the identity of a criminal mastermind, it became obvious that this person was made so little noble to deserve to be the mysterious mastermind (ie the script disguised him as the least possible suspicion). <br /> <Barrie is after the evidence that her father (who died in prison) was framed by the real criminals in a robbery. She has several people who help her - mugs like William Gargan - and she gets the advice of the mastermind to plan embarrassing burglars that can't be attached to her. AS. who got his father convicted (Jerome Cowan) is determined to get Barrie and his gang. The only detective who seems to have a chance to solve the case is Jonathan Hale, who shadows Sanders, but is reluctantly working with him. <br /> <br /> The cast has some good moments in the script - Hale (currently on a special diet) is tempted to eat a rich lobster dinner made for Sanders by Willie Best. He gets a severely disturbed stomach as a result, so Sanders and Barrie can escape Sanders' apartment. The best thing is to remind him (when he feels better) to lead to a place that Sanders told him to go to at a certain time. There is also an interesting role for Gilbert Emery. Normally he plays decent people (like the scared man in between two worlds) he plays a socially prominent weakness here - whose death is reminiscent of a character's character in a Bogart movie. <br /> <br /> On the whole, well-made movie for the second half of a movie house billing in 1939. It will entertain you even if it does not remain in your memory.
