"Gespenster" Questions about being cool in the German cinema <br /> <br /> There are not many German movies in the last ten years that have made me so interested. Yes, the problem with the most German films is also in this movie "Gespenster". He is in some places untreated to be good to see. Especially the figure Toni (Sabine Timento) is too cool. But it is always in German movies. Everyone must learn this coolneß - is the realism of these movies. It's hard to understand. But in this case, it makes sense because she steals and she lies - she is the kind of girl who is better, you never love it because you lose it. It's not clear to the other girl Nina in this movie. She loves her - and she would lose her. But Nina lost everything. She will play with soft feelings and a sad feeling. There is no way - but you have to take it, said Herbert Achterbusch for twenty years. It is so often the way it goes in German movies. Why? Nina (Julia Hummer) is not in the laws of society - it is outside - and she has no chance. These films do not try to give her a role in every place. It is one of the problems - the stupid break with conventions - the criminal fascination. Throw it all away - and go nowhere! But the actor plays this difficult part very interestingly. On the other hand - there are the parents - who is the attachment to the two girls. They have a car - a hotel suite - they have money and live in the world with the opera's music. But the film is always in some distance to work. There is not much explanation for them. <br /> <br /> In the middle of this movie there is a scene you will never forget. The two girls came to a casting. And there they have to say how they come together. In this scene, Toni will be on. She said a great story - has nothing to do with her. And then Nina will tell the truth. She said it in an introverted way. There is no exhibit in it. She looks to the bottom and says what will happen to here. It's a good moment. In the next scene of the party with pictures in red, this feeling goes on - than Toni goes away ... Okay, the movie ends - in German way of coolneß - waste - here's the circle of sadness closes. But there was a moment - where else is happening - and this moment was important. He is more than German coolneß - and these moments are rare in the German cinema this time!
