"Gespenster" (2005) together with "Yella" (2007) and "Jerichow" (2008), the Gespenster trilogy by director Christian Petzold, are undoubtedly one of the creme-de-la-creme German film directors in our time. "Gespenster" tells the story of a French woman whose daughter had been kidnapped as a 3 year old child, while her mother turned her head for 1 minute in Berlin - and has never been seen ever. Since then, her mother continues to travel to Berlin when there is opportunity and search, using time-extended photography, for girls of about the present age of her age. As we later heard in the film, the mother was already convinced many times that she had found her daughter Marie. But this time, when she meets Nina, everything is different. <br /> <br /> The film doesn't provide solutions, not even part solutions, and at least it's pretty disappointing. We will not be equipped either to determine whether the mother is really crazy or not if her current daughter is still alive or not. Most disappointing is the end. After what we have seen in the film, it is an imposition for the guard that he is left as the author leaves Nina alone. The simple walk that symbolizes that nothing has changed can be a powerful effect of dramaturgy (eg in "Umberto D."), but in "Gespenster" it is displaced. Since critics have suggested Freudian motifs in this movie, let me give my own attempt: Why is it that similar people do not know each other, especially not the people that another similar person knows? This is quite an insane question that has been agreed upon, based on Aristotle's logic, according to which the individual's idea holds. The individual is such a person who does not share any of its defining qualities with anyone. So the Aristotelian answer to my question is: They do not know each other because their equality is by pure change. Everyone who is not crazy thinks it. But what about the case if these similar people share other similarities that can hardly be changed, for example. scarves on their left under ankle or a heart-shaped birthmark under their right shoulder blade? This is the metaphysical context of which this film is made, although I am not sure if even the director has realized it. Despite our modern, Aristotelian world, the superstition, in mythologies from people all over the globe, similar people also share parts of their individuality, and that individuality is therefore not something erratic, but rather diffusional, so that the boundaries between people are open. , such and the like believe to build a strong backbone of irrational ism despite our otherwise highly rational thinking - a source of Gespenster of the most interesting kind.
