I am always surprised at how many times you want to see something about World War II on the German national television. You would think they don't like opening old wounds, but there is not a week that goes without a documentary or a movie about the horror and horrors of this war. Maybe it's a way to handle their past, I don't know, but you can't blame them for ignoring what happened. And it must be said: Most of these documentaries are really worth a watch because they never try to shine over the truth and the same can be said about their movie (think, for example, on "Der Untergang" or "The Downfall" as You might now) who are also very realistic. <br /> <br /> One of these films is "Rosenstrasse". It tells a true story and deals with the topic of the mixed marriages during the war, even though the movie starts with a family in the United States today. After Hannah's father died, her mother suddenly became an orthodox Jew, although she had not been very religious before. She doesn't know where her mother's strange behavior comes from, but when she starts digging in her mother's troubled childhood, Hannah understands how little she has ever known about her mother's past. <br /> <br /> The fact that This film deals with the subject of mixed marriages during the Nazi regime is already quite surprising. As far as I know, there has not been another movie dealing with this subject. (For those who didn't know yet: To be married to a so-called pure Aryan man or woman meant too many Jews that they were not immediately sent to one of the concentration camps, but that they were to work in a factory). But it not only tells about the problems of mixed marriages, it also gives a good idea of ​​how these people were often seen by their own parents and relatives. How difficult it was sometimes for them during the Nazi regime and how these people, most women, did everything to free their men when they were caught and locked away in, for example, Rosenstrasse ... <br /> The act is really good, and the story is very well written, although the way it was presented at the beginning did not really do it for me (and that is the only part you see in the trailer ). Maybe it's just me, but I would have left out a great deal of what is happening today. At least the part that is located in the United States, because the part where Hannah goes to Berlin and speaks to someone who knows more about her mother's past is definitely working. <br /> <br /> If you are interested in all that, have something to do with World War II, and if you're not necessarily looking for many action shots, it's definitely a movie you should see. This is not a movie where you can watch fights or armies, but it is certainly an interesting movie because it gives you an idea of ​​an aspect of the war, little is known. I give it an 8/10.
