In Rosenstrasse, Margarethe von Trotta blends two stories to create a living loss of love and courage. The film depicts a family drama of alienation between a mother and her daughter, and the story of German women protesting at Rosenstrasse to free their Jewish husbands from certain extinctions. In addition to the dramatization of historical events, the focus of the film is on saving a child from the holocaust of a German and the result of the child's experience of losing his mother. While Mrs von Trotta shows that the courage of a small number of Germans made a difference, she did not use it to apologize to the German society. In fact, she shows how the rich artists and intellectuals of the German high society in the midst of torture and extinction continued their lives and feasts, unaware of the suffering. <br /> <br /> Rosenstrasse opens in New York as a Jewish widow Ruth Weinstein (Jutta Lampe) decides to sit Shiva, a seven-day mourning period that takes place after a funeral where Jewish family members are fully committed to Remember and mourn the deceased. When her daughter Hannah (Maria Schrader) is forbidden to receive phone calls from her fiance Luis (Fedja van Huet), a non-Jewish, Hannah question, why her mother has suddenly decided to follow an orthodox tradition that she previously rejected. When Ruth coldly rejects her cousin, Hannah asks her and learns about a woman named Lena who took Ruth in as a child when the latter's mother was deported and murdered by the Nazis, and she promises to find Lena and discover the secret of her mother's past. <br /> <br /> Her quest leads her to Berlin, where she finds Lena (Doris Schade), now ninety years old, and interviews her on the pretext of being a journalist researching certain aspects of the Holocaust. Lena tells her story of how she, as young young 33-year-old Katja Reimann, sought her husband, Jewish pianist Fabian Israel Fischer (Martin Feifel), who disappeared and is believed to have been imprisoned despite the protection usually given to Jews in mixed marriages. Lena, in a brilliant performance by Reimann, discovers that her husband and other Jews are being held in a former factory at Rosenstrasse. <br /> <br /> Standing together in the freezing night, Germans whose husband lacks the congregate outside the building grow their numbers daily until they reach a thousand shouting "Give us back our husbands". Lena finds Ruth (Svea Lohde), a young girl whose mother is in the building. She takes care of her and protects her from the Gestapo and raises her after the mother is killed. Lena comes from an aristocratic German family and her brother, who recently returned from Stalingrad, is a Wehrmacht officer. Having been denied help from her father to release Fabian, she explains the help of her brother who tells a colleague Officer, "I know what they do for the Jews, I saw it." Because of his support, she is brave enough to bypass channels and go to the top where her beauty and charm are irresistible to the Minister of Culture, Joseph Goebbels, a well-known womanizer. While this fictional part of the film has been criticized as degrading for female protesters, it is a historical fact that Goebbels was very active in making decisions affecting Rosenstrasse. <br /> <br /> Director Margarethe von Trotta, an activist, feminist and intellectual, is no stranger to political drama. She directed a film about the Socialist Rosa Luxembourg and Marianne and Julianne, a story about the relationship between two sisters, one of which writes off political violence to reach its liberal goals. In Rosenstrasse, a film she worked for for eight years, she had to compromise and add today's fictional element to get her movie produced. The fact that it works so well is a tribute to Mrs von Trotta's artistry and the beautiful manuscript of pamela katz, whose father was a refugee from leipzig. The events at Rosenstrasse give the Germans the lie, saying "there was nothing we could do". Now Trotta has shown the opposite to be true that something could be done to resist the Nazis. It is tragic that the example did not address.
