I don't think many movies (especially comedies) have added memorable, quotable dialogue like MOONSTRUCK. I will not illustrate it - you can see a remarkably long list of quotes on this thread - but any movie that can make individuals as the defense of using expensive copper tubes instead of brass for plumbing purposes for a memorable dialogue is great for me. It's not the only line that pops up and gives an impression on our memory. What about a restaurant waiter who regrets a planned marriage proposal because it will mean the loss of an old bachelor client? Or a lovely, older dog friend who encourages to pack up to celebrate the moon? Or Perry (John Mahoney) description of a female student's youthful promise as "moonlight in a martini" (my favorite line). <br /> <br /> MOONSTRUCK is a wonderful example of brilliant script, prime direction and a great ensemble cast that fits perfectly. There are other examples (the drama OX-BOW INCIDENT is another example, but a grimmer). Cher, Olympia Dukakis, Vincent Gardenia, Nicholas Cage, John Mahoney and Danny Aiello are all involved in land and cross purposes that examine the nature of love and how to handle it. Is it a good thing to be completely in love? Cher and Cage ultimately seem to think about it, but Dukakis knows that the real love runs the individual crazy (and Cage catches a glimpse of this too when he and Cher argue outside his home after they come back from the opera La bohemia). Is adultery from men a way of avoiding the thoughts of death. Dukakis thinks so, and (oddly enough - even if he is not completely convinced) Aiello. Chance reveals adultery - Dukakis recognizes early that Gardenia's odd behavior is tied to adultery, and Cher stumbled literally on Gardenia and his girlfriend on the opera (but Gardenia also stumbled upon Cher's similar adultery to Aiello). But the chance also causes misunderstandings: Fyodor Chaliapin stumbles on Dukakis and joins John Mahoney and thinks she has an affair. There are also lovely little moments in the movie. Cher's observation of flowers leading to receiving one. Her hear the argument in the liquor store and it's resolution. But best is the sequence of Louis Guss and Julie Bovasso as Cher's uncle and Aunt Raymond and Rita Cappomaggi and Rita's charming and friendly commentary on Raymond about the effect of the moonlight on him. It's the sweetest moment for the whole movie. <br /> <br /> It's close to a flawless movie. Having seen it over a dozen times for so many years, I can only find two points that do not seem as smooth as they should be. When Cher is at Cage's bakery, his assistant Chrissy (Nada Despotovich) mentions how she's secretly in love with Cage, but has been afraid to tell him. Previously, she was a little snippy to Cher, who quickly put her in place. Nevertheless, there is nothing to do with this potential rivalry. At the same time, the fact that Cher forgets to deposit his uncle and the daily business profits of the aunt brought in the moment in the last seven minutes of the movie - but just as quickly dropped. Should there be some plot lines that were dropped, in addition to one about Cher and Vincent Gardenia working on a homeless man's shelter as a punishment? It's a little annoyance, but I think it's just based on a desire to see more of this movie because it's so good.
