This movie is still a favorite of all time. Only a pretentious, humorous moron would not enjoy this wonderful movie. This film feels like a piece of hot apple pie topped with French vanilla ice cream! I think this is Cher's best work ever and her most credible performance. Cher has always been blessed with charisma, good looks and an enviably thin figure. Whether you like her singing or not - who else sounds like Cher? Cher has certainly made his mark in the entertainment industry and is remembered long after others have come and gone. She is one of the most unique artists out there. It's fun because who would have thought of Cher as such a naturally gifted actress? She is the head of the so-called movie "stars" today. Cher is a real actor at the same level as Debra Winger, Alfre Woodard, Holly Hunter, Angela Bassett and a few others, since she never seems to be "acting," she really gets the character convincing. She has more than earned respect for her peers and the cinematic public. <br /> <br /> Everything about Moonstruck is wonderful - the characters, nature, dialogue, food. I never get tired of watching this movie. <br /> <br /> Every time I look at the scene where they all sit around the dining table at Roses house, I pause the remote to see exactly what delicious food Rose is serving. I saw spaghetti, mushrooms (I think), but I can't figure out if they eat ravioli, ziti? What is the main course? It looks wonderful and it drives me nuts! <br /> <br /> Everyone in that family was a hard-working person and they respected and cared for each other. The grandfather was not pushed aside and tolerated, he was a vital part of the family, and he was listened to and respected for his age and wisdom. He also seemed to be a pretty healthy, independent old codger too. Loretta's mother was not "just a housewife", she was the glue that kept the family together and was an example of what a wife, mother, and homeowner should strive to be. She was proud of the lifestyle she had chosen, but she did not let it define who she was. High powered businessmen are not as comfortable in their skin as Rose Casterini was. Note the naughty way she said "I didn't have children before I was 37. It's not over 'until it's over." You had the sense that she had been the kind of young woman who did exactly as she was happy and got her way without the other person understanding what had happened. She was charming, quick witted and very smart. What a good mother! <br /> <br /> In fact, I didn't like Loretta right away because she seemed like a bit of a know-it-all who wasn't really adventurous and in control of herself as she wanted others to think. She could tell others about herself and where they had gone wrong, but she really didn't use common sense for her own life. She was supposed to marry a middle-aged mama's boy simply because she wanted a man and a sense of identity and purpose for her life. She was more conventional than her own mother. She dressed and wore her hair as a matron in a detached house and seemed humorous and boring, but underneath you felt she was vulnerable and lonely and had great love to give the right man. She would probably end up doing a great mother too. I could look forward to a house full of Loretta and Ronnie's loud screaming happy children and Rose and Cosmo who enjoy every minute of it.
