Loretta Castorini (Cher) is a woman in her late thirties, a widow living with her parents in a duplex apartment in Brooklyn. She is engaged to marry Johnny Cammareri (Danny Aiello), a gentle man, more out of a laid-off duty than the actual love. Before their wedding Johnny goes out to visit his mother who is ill and leaves the Loretta feature by playing the olive leaf with his brother Ronny by notifying him of their upcoming wedding. Ronny (Nicholas Cage) has not forgiven Johnny for being the cause of his misfortune, which caused him to lose his hand (and then his then bride), but he falls for Loretta and hard. After a heated affair, Loretta tries to respect Johnny to avoid Ronny, but his dark appearance and overwhelming masculinity win her over. Meanwhile, Loretta's mother Rose Castorini (Olympia Dukakis) has not only suspected her husband Cosmo (Vincent Gardenia) to see another woman, but is also itself admired by a college professor and wondering why men are hurrying women. Things get complicated when Johnny returns from Sicily to tell Loretta that they can't get married. The set is pure sitcom, but the story, written by John Patrick Shanley with a deep understanding of Italian-Americans in New York, is genuine: he gets these people's idiosyncrasies and their daily foibles and quirks, and all the characters have a deep romance that comes through key moments throughout history. Loretta, a character hardened by the loss of her husband and knows her lusts of happiness, is slender, slowly emerges as a woman so swept by the sudden recognition of love, she becomes the supremacy of La Boheme - the one who acknowledges love by the man with the wooden hand (in a smart sex shift), and Cher is in the role and makes it her and in her own style it acts her primacy into a deep, dark beauty. Ronny is pure fire and Nicholas Cage exudes masculine power as if he were channeling Marlon Brando. The Castorini and Cappomaggi counterbalance the central couple, both expressing their love for each other for two very crucial moments: the latter couple, on the full moon night, when Loretta and Ronny execute their affair - a rare scene depicting love and intimacy among the Elderly - and the former in an exciting moment over breakfast when Rose openly reveals that she wants Cosmo to stop seeing her mistress Mona (Anita Gillette). <br /> <br /> MOONSTRUCK is not only the romantic comedy and date movie of choice but also a beautiful study of love and passion among ordinary people. The end is a trip the power of emotional consequences, the family's situation goes beyond the immediate complications of cementing it in traditionally dating back to the immigrants' days and is one that raises this film from being just another emotion-good movie to a classic. MOONSTRUCK deserved his Oscars for Best Writing, Actress and Supporting Actress, and has proven to grow beyond his time.
