I saw Heartland when it was first released in 1980 and I've just seen it again. It improves with age. Heartland is not just for lovers of "indie" movies. At a time when most American films are a little more than cynical attempts to make money with CGI, pyrotechnics and / or vulgarity, Heartland holds up as a piece of American history. It is also a reminder of how spoiled most of us are modern, urbanized Americans. Nothing in this movie is exaggerated or stadiumy. No one declares any Hollywood movie talks. The actors occupy their roles. It really feels like a "little" movie, but it's really bigger than most Hollywood multizillion dollar productions. <br /> <br /> The movie is based on real people's lives. In 1910, Elinore Randall (Conchata Ferrell, who has never done anything better than this) lives a widow with a 7-year-old daughter Jerrine (Megan Folsom) who lives in Denver but wants more options. She announces a position as a housekeeper. The ad is answered by Clyde Stewart (Rip Torn, one of our most understated actors), a Scottish-born ranch, even a widower, with a homestead outside Burnt Fork, Wyoming. Elinore accepts the position (seven dollars a week!) And moves up to Wyoming with her daughter. She and her daughter move into Stewart's little house on the property. It is a rolling, woodless rangeland, a place with endless views, where the silence is only broken by the sounds of these people and their animals. It is guaranteed to make a person feel small. The three characters go for long periods without seeing another human soul. What's worse, Stewart shows tacitly to be almost silent. "I can't talk to the man," complains Elinore to Grandma Landauer. "You'd better learn before winter," Grandma replies. Grandma (Lilia Skala) is one of the only two other signs that are seen more than fleetingly. She came to Wyoming from Germany with her husband many years before and runs her ranch alone now, as she is also a widow. Grandma is their closest neighbor (and the local midwife) and still lives ten miles away! The other supportive character is Jack, the hired hand (Barry Primus). Elinore's routine (and her employer) is an endless, backward work that does not have modern conveniences and where everything has to be done, fixed or finished by hand. This is the right meat in the movie: Looking at the ordinary life of these ranches as they struggle with nature to destroy a living from the land. But despite the constant hardness and fatigue, Elinore always seeks other opportunities. She learns that the intestinal tract is adjacent to Stewart's. Impulsively, she makes a claim on the property (twelve dollars or almost two weeks' salary!), Which means that if she lives on it (and she must actually live there) and works for ten years, she gets the job done. Of course, Stewart learns what she has done. With ruthless logic, he points out that with no money, no pets, no credit, and no assets, she has no chance of succeeding. He then offers a solution: He proposes marriage. The stunned Elinore realizes that this is the only real alternative and accepts. <br /> <br /> We think Stewart's proposal is purely Machiavellian --- he wants the earth and the free work --- but we see it, actually he really loves Elinore and they grow together as a couple. She gets pregnant; she goes to work in the middle of a midway blizzard; Clyde traveled for hours to horseback through the storm the ten miles to grandmother and the ten miles back, only to state that Grandma was not there. This is more like real life than it is comfortable, folks. Elinore has the baby herself, without help at all. Their son is still an infant when he becomes ill and dies. They lose half of their livestock to the evil winter. They are fighting. The last sequence in the film must be optimistic: The birth of a calf. Clyde calls on Elinore to help him deliver the calf. Instead of being the head first, the calf is in a mourning letter presentation. He and Elinore must physically pull the calf out of the birth canal. There is no CGI, animatronics, trickery, fakery or special effects: What you see is what happened, people: A calf is born on a straw tree in a wooden dish by lamplight. With that, the film does not stop as much as just stopping, leaving the viewer dissatisfied, but after a while you appreciate the movie as a whole, not just for its end. This little gem rewards patience and thoughtfulness. It will be observed long after most of the last generation movies have long been forgotten.
