I am usually a sucker for romantic movies that are well-groomed and well-run. This is a romantic (period) film set in 17th century Italy, but filmed in French with English subtitles. That it is a period movie means that it will inevitably be slower than the movies of the modern era, so it will drill some. If you can overlook that fact, it's actually a really good movie. The scenery, costumes and cinematography are beautiful and the main actors and actresses are very convincing in their depictions and project the intensity of the emotions that run through the plot. The story is like a sad love story with an unhappy ending. It is easy to believe that this is a precise depiction of the real characters. In spite of the fact that I was really moved by the main characters and the story, I decided to check the validity of history and found out that the main theme of the film's story - a sad unfinished love story - was completely fabricated. In real life, Artemisia was first raped by Tassi, rather than presenting his progress with will and passion that the film had portrayed. She continued to have sexual relations with him, for he had repeatedly promised to marry her. When they were in court, he had not * raped the rape of Artemisia's torture (as opposed to the film). In fact, he had tried to portray Artemisia as a loose, promiscuous woman with insatiable sexual hardships. In the film, his sister testified to the court that Tassi had a wife and had sexual relations with her sister-in-law, and Tassi's character was constantly made to seem as though his sister had told him of his alleged affair with his son-in-law (although he admits that having had a wife back in Florence). Needless to say, it was not really that way. In fact far from it. Tassi was really responsible for the planned murder of his wife, whom he was born of rape. And to add it, Tassi really had sexual relations with her sister-in-law and impregnated her in the process, but not all of this was equally mutual - again he had raped his sister-in-law before. <br /> <br /> So now we have a clear picture of the real Tassi as a sexual offender, what do we do about the movie Artemisia's portrayal of him as a lover? We take it as an attempt to make this movie a romantic movie ... that this movie was never made to be historically accurate ... Besides these points just mentioned, there were other historical inaccuracies as in its interpretation of Artemisia's art (in fact she was never really influenced by Tassi's painting style, and she was actually considered a much better painter than Tassi ever was.) One thing is true, and it is the fact that Artemisia Gentileschi has been credited as the The first women's painter in history, and even though her championship competed many of her male peers, she had always had difficulty getting enough credit for her work because of her gender as a 17th-century woman in Italy. This movie for your own sake, because it is a pretty good romantic drama, but takes its historical references with a salt grain.
