Rock solid giallo from a master movie maker by genre Sergio Martino. The rage of a wonderful manuscript by Ernesto Gestaldi, this shocking mystery often develops fascinating twists to the amazing finale that most people may not see coming through the whole movie. That's when everything has fallen into place so we can go, "Ahh .." The movie is about a man's death (... in an airplane explosion) and the million-dollar wife receives from it. There are those with great interest in the money, especially the dead man's mistress. The wife is Lisa (Ida Galli) and the mistress requires half the money is Lara (Janine Reynaud). She tells Lisa that she knows that death was arranged by her to get insurance money. Lara says she wants to use her "lawyer", Sharif (Luis Barboo) to get that money. So already the film produces two possible suspects in the later murder of Lisa, who is waiting for someone in Tokyo. George Hilton portrays Peter Lynch. Peter works for a company that examines those who receive inheritance to see if the payment day was collected under suspicious funds. When he is killed on his watch by a man dressed from head to toe in black in his hotel room, he is a possible suspicion. He decides to investigate himself while helping inspector Stavros (Luigi Pistilli) and Interpol agent Benton (Tom Felleghy) on their quest to find a killer. The killer strikes several times and eliminates anyone who is concerned with the lack of millions of dollars confiscated by the person responsible for the murder of Lisa. Soon, the film follows a journalist, Cléo Dupont (the delicious, delicious Anita Strindberg), whom she and Peter meet for a dinner where she could try to sniff something that could ruin a story for her. Soon they will fall in love, but it seems that anyone near Peter is killed. Soon, any Cléo disputes with an intention to kill, further pushing the investigation into unknown territory. Why would anyone want to harm a journalist without real facts to hurt the one who killed people. <br /> <br /> This giallo is pretty smart and exciting to follow. The film never lulls, which is quite remarkable, since so much is happening, so one opens the question of the killer's identity. This film follows the Gialli path with knife slopes because of a particular pattern that the killer has taken (neck and lower torso). The film's conclusion encompasses all the complex loose ends and is completely satisfactory. The movie has some unique camera angles, but delivers the goods in terms of driving the plot and the execution of the mystery.
