Sergio Martino has impressed me recently with his Giallo classics 'The Strange Vice of Mrs Wardh' and the unforgettable title 'Your Vice is a locked room and only I have the key' - yet I didn't expect too much from this movie. The scorpion's tail is not mentioned as much as the above titles when it comes to classic Giallo discussion - but I don't know why because it's at least as good as the two! Dario Argento may be Giallo's king, but with the five films he made, Sergio Martino is certainly not too far behind. In some ways he even surpasses the master. All Martino's films were released before the jewel in Argento's crown, the magnificent Profondo Rosso, then back in the early 70s - Martino was the king! The reason follows the idea of ​​murder for profit and follows the insurance payment of a wealthy man. His wife inherits $ 1 million and it is not long before there are people out for her blood! When she dies shortly thereafter, an insurance researcher and a beautiful and attractive young journalist follow suit. <br /> <br /> The scorpion's tail is not beneficial to the beautiful Edwige Fenech, but it has two of Martino's collaborators on board. The best known is George Hilton, who worked with Marino at The Strange Vice by Mrs. Wardh and All the Colors of the Dark along with a number of other Giallos. Hilton has a big screen presence and every time I see him in an Italian thriller; It becomes clear why he is repeatedly thrown. The beautiful Anita Strindberg, remembered from your vice, is a locked room, stars next to the Hilton, and provides excellent classic Giallo female management. Sergio Martino does another good job in the director's chair with several beautiful scenes - of which the best takes place in a room bathed with green lighting! The result of Bruno Nicolai (Wardh) puts the mood well, but it is the script that again is the driving force behind Martino's success. Ernesto Gastaldi, the author of Martino's other four Giallo, has composed a script that is exciting while staying away from the common Giallo fall that does not make sense; thus, this film releases from the rest of the illogical genre. The scorpion's tail is a quality Giallo movie, and another success for the great Sergio Martino. If you like Giallo, you'll love this!
