Sergio Martino's Scorpio's Hale is a scenic giallo from the beginning of the thriving genre of the 70s. An explosion on an airplane results in a million dollars in insurance money for a deprived but unfaithful wife. The money is then followed by a black-clad assassin and a series of brutal murders follow. <br /> <br /> Scorpion's Tail plays the mystery element, written by giallo specialist Ernesto Gastaldi, right. But being a giallo, the murders themselves are memorable and well-organized. In fact, the violence in this movie is very strong in places - a scene with a broken bottle is particularly graphic. The emphasis on violence has no doubt to influence the giallo genre to move into more and more extreme territory. But as the best films in the genre, the brutality of a good score and attractive photography is matched. The music of Bruno Nicolai is sometimes reminiscent of Ennio Morricon's avant-garde work in The Bird with Crystal Plumage, but is also strong in itself. The photography is helped by the good use of foreign sites - in this case London and Athens - where Martino manages to enter the Houses of Parliament and the Acropolis respectively! There is also some ingenious camera work, the most effective is the use of slow motion in a sequence where a woman runs toward the door where the maniacet prowler outside. In this particular scene, Martino has the killer hacked through the door with a knife in a way influenced by Dario Argento's Crystal Plumage, but it also has the killer trying to merge the lock with the knife blade, as something repeated later by Argento in Suspiria. So Martino's film is influential in itself. <br /> <br /> This is a good solid giallo that both genre and non-genre fans can appreciate. The performances are good, and the production values ​​are fine (although the aircraft's explosion is, we must say something low budget!). The DVD release of NoShame is great. It has both English and Italian language options, which is a real bonus. However, it is worth pointing out that you sometimes have to be a quick reader to fully appreciate the English subtitle option. This applies to both the film and the documentary in the extras. This is a minor point, but the DVD release is a worthy addition to any giallo collection.
