Sergio Martino is a great instructor who has contributed a lot to Italian genre cinema, and as far as I think, his Gialli from the 1970s is the undisputed highlight of his impressive repertoire. "La Coda Dello Scorpione" aka. "Case of the Scorpion's Speech" from 1971 is one of those impressive films Martino has contributed to Italian Horror's most original subgenre and another proof that the man is a master of atmosphere, style and excitement. My personal favorite of the Martino movies I've seen so far is still the insanely brilliant "Your vice is a closed room and only I have the key" in 1972, followed by "Torso" (1973) and "The Strange Vice Of Mrs Wardh "(1971), which I personally like even more than this. However, it is only a matter of personal taste, as "La Coda Dello Scorpione" is an equally good movie that is essential to any fan of Italian Horror movies and excitement in general. <br /> <br /> The movie that delivers tantalizing excitement from the beginning has a complex and gripping plot that begins with a mysterious death of a millionaire who died in a plane crash. Insurance researcher Peter Lynch (George Hilton) is tasked with checking the circumstances of the insurance company due to pay a large sum to the deceased's wife. Soon after Lynch begins to investigate, a person is brutally killed, which is only the beginning of a series of murders ... "Scorpio's Hale Case" delivers excellent elements for a great Giallo need. The film is amazingly exciting from the start, the Bruno Nicolai score is brilliant, the plot is wonderfully decayed, and the killer's identity remains a mystery until the end. Regular Giallo Leading Man George Hilton once again delivers an outstanding performance. Sexy Anita Strindberg is amazing in the female lead. It includes the great Luigi Pistilli, one of the most brilliant regulators of Italian genre films from the 60s and 70s, and Alberto De Mendoza, another great actor who should be known to any lover of Italian cinema. Athens, where most of the film takes place, is actually a good setting for a Giallo. The atmosphere is constantly poignant, and the photography is great, and Bruno Nicolai's ingenious score makes the excitement even more intense. Long story short: "La Coda Dello Scorpione" is another excellent Giallo from Sergio Martino and an absolute must-see for any lover of subgenre! Stylish, exciting and great in every respect!
