I am really tempted to reward "The Scorpion's Tail Case" with a solid 10 out of 10 rating, but it would be largely because I think the Italian horror cinema from the 1970s is so much better than that cheesy crap I usually see. But even without an extra point of nostalgia, this is still a true masterpiece and earns a high rating for its excellent envelope history, spooky atmosphere, blood-blown kill sequences and amazing casting choices. In my humble opinion, this is actually Sergio Martino's finest giallo, and it must mean something like "The Strange Vice of Mrs. Wardh", "All the Colors of the Dark", "Torso" and "Your Vice is a Locked Room and Only I have the key "are all first-class gene replays too. But this movie is just a little better with its ultra-convincing plot, which is about an insurance fraud that's gone wrong. After her husband's peculiar death in an explosion (!), Lisa Baumer immediately becomes the suspicious owner of a million dollars, and she is eager to leave the country as soon as possible. Because of the bizarre circumstances, the insurance company puts their best investigator Peter Lynch on the case, and he follows her to Greece. There Lisa will be the target of many attacks, and the mystery of the case increases when it turns out that more people are looking for the money. I'm always too nervous when I briefly sum up Gialli because I don't risk giving away essential platinum items. In "Scorpio's Tail", the events are a sudden and completely unexpected trip before the story is even half way, and I certainly will not spoil this for you. There are many red herring following it, but Sergio Martino always manages to be a step ahead of you, and even though it is not 100% satisfactory, it is at least surprising. It is also a very stylish film, with imaginative camera work and excellent music by Bruno Nicolai. Alder's favorite giallo mouse Edwige Fenech did not notice this cast (she stars in no less than 3 other highest Martino gialli), but Anita Strindberg ("Lizard in a Woman's Skin", "Who Saw Her Die?") Is more than worthy of compensation for her. The charismatic and hunky George Hilton is reliable as always in his role as insurance researcher and ?? you h ?? lady man deluxe. If you're a fan of giallo, don't wait as long as I did to watch this movie !!!!
