Joan Crawford had just begun her "working girl doing good" phase with the dynamic "Paid" (1930). She had never tried a role as before, and critics were impressed. So while other actresses were wondering why their career was being founded (because they clung to characters that had been "in" things a couple of years before but were now passing), Joan listened to the public and secured its lifetime as an actress. Depression was here and jazz age children who survived on an endless round of parties were frayed. Of course, if you got rich through immoral means, but a little for it - it was okay. <br /> <br /> This movie starts with a spectacular houseboat party. Bonnie Jordan (Joan Crawford) is the most popular girl there - especially when she suggests everyone goes swimming in their underwear !!! But when Bonnie's father has a heart attack, losing on the stock market, both Bonnie and her brother, Rodney (William Bakewell) can realize who their real friends are. After Bob Townsend (Lester Vail - a poor man's Johnny Mack Brown) offers to do the right thing and marry her - they had just spent one night together when Bonnie declared (tasked) that she would love for approval - she Start showing some character by deciding to get a job. <br /> <br /> She finds a job in a newspaper and quickly impresses her willingness to do well. Her workmate is Bert Scranton (Cliff Edwards) and together they get a job of writing about mobin's inner activities. Rodney also surprises her with the news that he also has a job. She is thrilled with him, but soon realizes it's booting, and he's mixed with cold-blooded Jake Luva (Clark Gable). Rodney testifies to a mass shooting and breaks, "wasting the prayers" to the first person he sees drinking in the bar - which happens to be Bert. He is then forced to kill Bert and subsequently he goes into hiding. The paper pulls all stops out to find Bert's killer and sends Bonnie undercover as a dancer in one of Jakes clubs. (Joan makes a very lively dance to "Accordian Joe" - much to Sylvie's disgust). The movie ends with a gun battle and when Rodney is dying, Bonnie tears phones in her story. <br /> <br /> This is a super movie with Crawford and Gable giving them their all. Natalie Moorehead, who, as Sylvie shared a famous "cigarette scene" with Gable early in the film, was a stylish "second woman" who had her fashion in the early thirties. William Bakewell had a huge career (he was a teenager in a Douglas Fairbank movie in the mid-20s). However, many of his roles were weak, spineless characters. In this movie he played the weak brother and was completely overshadowed by Joan Crawford and the dynamic newcomer Clark Gable - perhaps it was why he never became a star. Recommended.
