Abhay Deol's second film, written by Imtiaz Ali, the girls' direct action by Shivam Nair. Soha probably has her first (?) Fleshy role as Megha, a girl who has left home and is waiting for the Delhi Marriage Registrar's office for her boyfriend Dheeraj (Shayan Munshi) to meet her. She is waiting and waiting and finally seen as a lady in need of Ankush (Abhay Deol). They spend many days together as he leaves her from an emergency after another and eventually falls in love with her. Then the girlfriend turns back! Aage pardey par dekhiye! Sounds good? This is another adaptation of Dostoyevsky's white evenings with a little bit of loan from Le Notti Bianchi (very small though - Ankush keeps the lovers apart by telling her boyfriend she's dead!). But this is a more earthly and more realistic (duh) adaptation than the very hyped and overblown Saawariya. I wonder why no one picked up this little gem, as we all discussed Saawariya as crazy a few months ago. The Delhi options are wonderful - which is mandatory to run through old Delhi, shot from Jama Masjid from a roof, Connaught Circus, streets with rickshaws (What? How?). The colorful light fixtures in the hotel are enough to tell you that this is a seedy joint with rooms for rent per hour! <br /> <br /> The more I see from Abhay the more I like this young man. In this second movie, he is quite good as the job-conscious who gets a purpose in the life of a beautiful woman. Soha looks pretty, and when she smiles, she fits the role, but I found her unconvincing in the more serious moments. I'm not quite sure she's in her being a great actress, or maybe she'll blossom late like her brother. The music from Himesh Reshammiya is not that great, and the film actually falls into the songs, they interrupt the narrative and do not sit well with the characters trying to sing them. The support molding is excellent and I give this White Nights fit a thumbs up. BTW - the fact that I love Abhay Deol's sweet dimples has nothing to do with my judgment.
