Ahista Ahista is a small little brilliant. I started to see it, and in the beginning I was a little boring when the pacings were slow and the main idea of ​​a guy who met a girl who was lost was not brand new. But as the film continued, I began to become more and more involved in the movie, the amazing writing and the charming romance. The movie was extremely simple and natural, and after a while I felt like I was looking at a true documentation of a guy's life. There is a really good reason why the film got this feeling, and that is the fresh talent called Abhay Deol. He is extremely convincing as the simple, friendly and struggling Ankush whose new love motivates him to make changes and fight for a better life. Throughout the film, he is presented as an ordinary mishievous prankster, but also as a helpful and loving person who, like any other, will do anything to protect his love. Deol depicts all the different nuances of his character, whether positive or negative, natural and with complete ease. <br /> <br /> Shivam Nair's direction is very good. His portrayal of the lives of people in rural areas is excellent, but what needs to be even more impressive is his portrayal of Ankush's relationship with the various people who surround him, including his friends and his love interest Megha, whom he is ready to do everything for. I also liked the way Nair portrayed his interaction with his friend's tall and lumpy mother, whom he calls 'khala' (aunt). He likes to run her crazy and annoy her at every opportunity, but we see that she occupies a very special place in his heart and is like a mother figure to him as seen in several scenes. Except for Abhay, the rest worked well. Although Soha Ali Khan didn't stand out for me, she was good and had some of her mother's charm. The actors who played Ankush's friends were very good, like the actress who played Ankush's 'khala'. <br /> <br /> Apart from the show, the film was outstanding. The dialogues were so common, but brilliant, and the manuscript was also fantastic. This is mainly due to a not-so-recent story that it was never overdone or melodramatic, and there was no attempt to make it look larger than life. The movie's biggest weakness was Himesh Reshammiya's uninspiring music that wasn't suitable for this movie. Otherwise, Ahista Ahista was a lovely watch and it only got better with each scene. The concept cannot be new, but the film manages to look fresh and becomes increasingly heart-rending as the story goes by. The end was bittersweet, a little sad but optimistic. In short, this movie grows really slowly on you, and it can easily be attributed to the wonderful writing, the moving moments, the charming romance, the realistic processes, and of course the memorable performance of Abhay Deol.
