The story is about Ankush (Abhay Deol) - who is a professional marriage certificate, in short he acts as a witness to couples in marriage registration office - and Megha (Soha Ali Khan) who ran away from her home at Nainital to marry her love interest Dhiraj (shayan munshi). The story begins with Megha waiting for the Dhiraj marriage office to appear, but for some reason he does not discover. So Ankush comes in the picture here, which had approached Megha with the intention of earning Rs. 200 for his testimony, and he ends up helping her by giving her to her. Ankush grows on his side by working in a bank as an agent ... Ankush falls in love with Megha and she also falls in love with him (or kind of love), both agree on the marriage and Dhiraj returns to the picture. Unexpected circumstances happen, in fact I have to say expected circumstances with unexpected reactions and then .... <br /> <br /> In fact, movie history is slightly different from the movies we see, and I don't think it will be accepted by masses, but If you are a movie freak like me and love to see something different then you will definitely like the movie. The movie is just an innocent love story made very well by the characters Abhay Deol and Soha Ali Khan. The characters are so natural that you feel like things happen to the guy next door. The background music of the film also plays a very good role, it is just too good. The way Delhi is shown is very good and gives a fresh feeling. <br /> <br /> So let's cut it out and sum it up. <br /> <br /> History: A very common story was very good and turned into a wonderful experience. Music: Well, since it was Himesh Reshammiya creation, so I didn't expect much, but I liked some songs of the movie, including Qawwali. Action: Abhay Deol was the most impressive, very natural and innocent act, but he had to stay away from singing in the songs. Soha Ali Khan, she's a doll, a very cute doll I must say. Again, very innocent and natural plays, and these two actors fit perfectly into their characters. Apart from these two, Shayan Munshi needs some acting and can be a few layers of fat to cover the bones. Other players did their job well. <br /> <br /> Stars: I would also give it 3.5 stars out of 5. You will enjoy the movie, if you look at the theater, I recommend watching it in theater if you are a movie freak and accept unusual stories. Otherwise, wait for the DVD to arrive. The movie will certainly not suffer from the masses and the business it can do is from mouth to mouth advertising.
