This period melodrama is one of Griffith's earliest claustrophobic films. Signs trapped in a room are widespread throughout his work, and as time went on, he would become more and more proficient at portraying their helplessness and involving the public in their terror. In the blunt title sealed room, there is a big difference to the normal plot line, as there really is no escape. Griffith achieves the claustrophobic effect here in two ways. First, his use of space. While the typical cinema card can use a dozen or more sets, The Sealed Room only has two adjoining rooms ?? the king's court and the deaf cote, who becomes the lonely grave. The set design in these shorts is rarely referred to, but here it is crucial. The court is a large interior with a background that indicates greater depth and shows us a window and a staircase. Actors walk in and go from different directions, suggesting that the room is not only spacious but also free and open. In contrast, the dew cote back wall is very close to the camera, and the angles in it indicate a hexagonal or octagonal shape so that it works even more limited. <br /> <br /> The other technique shown here is cross-cutting. Anyone interested in Griffith's work will probably know about his great use and the development of cross-sections to create excitement or excitement. Many will also know that strictly speaking, it was not his invention. But what makes Griffith's intersections so effective is the way he shifts the opposite images to complement each other. The sealed room contains a good example of what I mean. The sculptures of the masons that change the heavy bricks have a slow, stepwise pace to those with tension building as the wall becomes higher. This movement is matched by the blissful ignorant lovers, where Marion Leonard tears flower robes one by one. When the couple realizes their difficulty, their rising panic is complemented by the king's conflicting shots, which are crazy that beat his sword against the wall. <br /> <br /> At this time, Griffith was not yet aware that the action could be further increased by introducing a third string to the cross section. The dramatic "ride-to-the-rescue", here absent, later became a standard climax for Griffith's images.
