In 1909, D.W. Griffith had directed movies to the Biograph Company for about a year, and ?? working at a speed of two or three a week ?? quickly began to develop his skills as the film maker. 'The Sealed Room' is a very interesting 11-minute map, a fascinating piece of Gothic melodrama that even engages in the beginning of early horrors. The simple narrative was probably inspired by Edgar Allen Poe's 1846 short story, "The Cask of Amontillado," and relates to a strong king who perceives a delicious sadistic vengeance to punish his wife's infidelity. <br /> <br /> Seen in the Middle Ages, 'The Sealed Room' begins with King (Arthur V. Johnson) overseeing the construction of a windowless space from a sequestered pigeon-cote, the idea is that he and his wife (Marion Leonard) wants a completely private place to enjoy each other's company. He is, of course, very much in love with her, and always shows his love, the latest action is very much about his efforts. But unknown to the king, his wife has fallen in love with the royal minstrel (Henry B. Walthall). During a romantic connection within the specially decorated space, wife and minstrel are discovered, and the heart-broken king perceives a means of getting his retribution on the ignorant couple. Stylishly, he orders his workers to seal the only doorway with stone and mortar, slowly descending into comforter insanity, as each new stone is placed. <br /> <br /> D.W. Griffith always had an eye for acute detail, and 'The Sealed Room' is an excellent early example of this. The lavish medieval costumes give the loan a sense of reality, and the castle's interior looks authentic enough to be credible. At that time, the director was also groundbreaking methods of excitement, and I must admit that as the film progressed, I was determined to find out what would happen to the unhappy young lovers. In the early minutes, Griffith limits his shots to long-haul takes from a stationary camera (as was usual at the time), but soon ?? parallel to the gradually darker topic? he changes his editing tactics in a fascinating way. Although he may not have invented the technique, Griffith was crucial in popularizing the use of "cross-cutting"? that is, switching between different events occurring at the same time. This not only creates continuity, but it also maximizes the excitement level as we, as the audience, are well-aware, not just about the King's horrible actions, but also that wife and minstrel are ignorant of it all. <br /> <br /> Despite these innovations, "The Sealed Room" suffers from many of the deficiencies typical of the era. The entire film takes place in only two rooms, with recordings taken from a total of only three positions, and it is therefore prone to becoming blunt and monotonous at times. The performances are greatly exaggerated for extra effect, but at least in the case of Arthur V. Johnson, his overlapping actually contributed to recognizing the betrayed king's escalating madness. A moment that I thought was particularly effective when the two lovers tried to leave the room, only to find their only doorway replaced with a solid stone wall. Their panic reactions, accompanied by the silent maniacal tiling of the king, serve very well to create an impending sensation of claustrophobia. However, I thought their oxygen supply was surprisingly fast.
