After failing to sell his plays to the new film industry in the first decade of the 20th century, 1908 playwright D.W. Griffith got the job that would make him a legend: He was hired by Biograph Company as film director. It wasn't exactly what Griffith had expected when he decided to enter the film industry, but he accepted the job, and in less than a year, he became the cinema's most successful director thanks to his original approach to film making and the inventive narrative. Many years later, he would lead "The Birth of a Nation" in 1915, the film that would revolutionize filmmaking and make him one of the cinema's first recognized writers; But much of what would make him a great filmmaker is found in the many short films he made for the Biograph Company in the early years of his career. 1909's "The Sealed Room" is one of them and also one of the few horror films in the first decade of the 20th century. <br /> <br /> "The Sealed Room" is a 16th century story where a Count (Arhtur V. Johnson) has built a windowless room in his castle. It is a small but cozy and very cozy room, as it must be used to enjoy the love and company of its wife, Countess (Marion Leonard) in a more private way. The Count does not know, however, that his wife is not entirely faithful as she is vain with Minstrel (Henry B. Walthall) in court with whom she has an affair. As soon as the Count is busy with his own business, the Countess calls Minstrel, and both lovers go to enjoy the Count's new room. When Count returns, he discovers that she is missing and beginning to suspect, and finally, the two lovers discover in her room; But instead of making a scene, he prefers to stay hidden when he decides that there is a better punishment for his incredible wife: to seal the windowless room with the couple inside. <br /> <br /> Written by Griffith's regular partner Frank E. Woods, "The Sealed Room" takes elements from Edgar Allan Poe's "The Cask of Amontillado" and mainly Honoré De Balzac's "La Grande Breteche" to create a joke gothic melodrama based on themes of treason and sadism. Despite having a runtime of 11 minutes, Woods' acting develops the story in a very good way and plays remarkably well with the horror of history. While a melodrama is in focus, Woods focuses on the Count's character, and his sadism creates one of the best horror characters in this early era. "The Sealed Room" is certainly a very simple and basic story, but Wood's handling of the dark and morbid theme of its plot makes the story a very entertaining movie that was much different from most Griffith's melodramas. <br /> <br /> In "The Sealed Room", Griffith uses his talents to experiment with tensions and tensions differently from his usual. While often playing with editing to create thrillers who excited about his audience, he was focused on creating desperation and horror and playing with the intrinsic sense of claustrophobia that source stories had. It is interesting how the story starts as another of his melodrama, and slowly pacing becomes faster as the horror themes begin to dominate the plot, culminating in his great use of editing for final scenes. It's not Griffith's talent to control his actors as the legendary filmmaker manages to make the most of his cast with his usual natural style far away from the staginess that was the norm of his day. As usual, castings consisted of ordinary collaborators of Griffith, who began with Arthur V. Johnson as Count. Johnson gives a good performance and really conveys the character's transition from loving man to sadistic monster. His performance is not without a touch of assault, but it actually adds realism to the character's exaggerated personality. As Countess, Marion Leonard looks very good and is also very effective in her acting and conveys a natural charm that makes it hard not to sympathize with her in her betrayal. Finally, legendary Henry B. Walthall seems like the beautiful Minstrel, and while he is not one of his best performances, he manages to provide a talented play that also gives a good touch of comedy to the movie. Although not of great importance to the plot, it is nice to see other members of Griffith's stock exchange in the background, as his wife Linda Arvidson and a young Mary Pickford as noblemen in court. <br /> <br /> Although not a masterpiece, "The Sealed Room" is a remarkable exercise of editing to create excitement and excitement that Griffith used to do these days. The film has a very good set design and at the same time with a very low budget, Griffith's attention to detail makes it very convincing and works perfectly with his instructor style. The shift of focus to horror makes it stand out among others his films from that era, and Johnson's performance as the sadistic count makes it worth watching. While Griffith will always be remembered for his heavily influential (and controversial) "Born of a Nation", they made early short films, before he really made a good idea of ​​the evolution of the techniques and the style that would make him a legend. Simple but elegant, "The Sealed Room" is a fun movie to see and one of the few horrors of the first decade of the 20th century. 10.7
