Excellent P.O.W. adventure, adapted by Eric Williams from his own book (a paperback copy that is part of my father's library) inspired by true events; It may well be the first movie of its kind and therefore has much to answer ?? not just similar rigid-over-lipped examples like ALBERT, R.N. (1953), COLDITZ STORY (1955) and DANGER IN (1959), but more profiled publications from across the Atlantic, namely STALAG 17 (1953) and THE GREAT ESCAPE (1963). This puts the ground fairly firmly: British soldiers detained in a German camp designing a brilliant plan of escape, borrowing a side from the Greek legend ?? burrowing from under a vault horse used during exercise and in full view of their captors! In fact, the film is divided into two halves: The first is about the slow process of digging the tunnel, which culminates in the flight itself, while the final stages depict their fortunes outside the camp as they attempt to turn it into neutral Sweden. Typically of these British films, the cast shows several established (Leo Genn), current (Anthony Steel) and up-and-coming (Peter Finch, David Tomlinson and Bill Travers), not to say anything about countless reliable character actors (Anthony Dawson, Bryan Forbes, Michael Goodliffe and Walter Gotell). The three leads / flies are Genn, Steel and Tomlinson: While the first two hold together, the latter goes its own way ?? only to run into the others to reach safety. As can be expected, the story involves lots of excitement and excitement; as with most paint-centered P.O.W. Sagas also, female interest is kept to the minimum. Director Lee did not have a long career ?? with this and the something similar (albeit with a change of both attitude and point of view) a city like Alice (1956) his most notable results ?? but he has certainly milked any poignant situation in this case (although allegedly delays in the movie saw Lee leave his post prematurely, the producer left Ian Dalrymple for the purpose of tying loose ends!). Anyway, worth mentioning is the exquisite lighting (especially during night sequences) throughout.
