SPOILERS Sex hi? It is one of the most basic parts of human life. But do we ever take it too seriously? People will always have more, even those who get it on a daily basis, and if you are unlucky, there are potential life-changing (creative) consequences. Ironically, people claim that we all start having sex at a younger and younger age (despite the fact that Victorians get married and have children in their early teens), so it must be increasingly difficult for those who come to a time like virgins. In Steve Carell's first big screen, he plays a man who has reached 40 without coping with it. Treats us to countless loud and extreme sex-related events, not to mention more profanity than an episode of "Eurotrash", the general plot of the movie and its principle does not sound funny. It is therefore a pleasant surprise that for all the inappropriate, unsuccessful jokes, there are an incredible number of those who hit the mark and leave the audience hysterically. <br /> <br /> Andy Stitzer (Carell) is a good guy with a good job and a pleasant temper. At the same time, he takes blatant life too seriously, and after being invited to a poker game as a necessary fifth member, Andy's friends discover his secret. At age 40, Andy is still a virgin. Now, the three men (Paul Rudd, Seth Rogen and Romany Malco) offer for several reasons, but mostly suffering, everyone advising Andy on a goal in mind. To put him out of his misery and put him down. <br /> <br /> One of the few good things about "Anchorman", it was just a matter of time before Steve Carell got a lead of his own. Impressive, in "The 40 Year Old Virgin" he does not disappoint. Carell is a revelation as he gradually grows more and more confident as counseling begins to help. <br /> <br /> Carell is not alone but in his performance. Rudd, Rogen, Malco and Catherine Keener as love interest are all excellent. Rudd is a personal favorite as the boyfriend sick David, who separates several times and shares the finest scene with Rogen, as they two argue for homosexuality. <br /> <br /> The biggest surprise about this movie is not the way many of the jokes hit the mark, but actually the clever way it flips the message upside down. Of course, designed for conservative America, the film's entire tone evolves from a simple story of sexual conquest to one of safe sex and abstinence. The virgin does not need sex to complete her life, he just needs trust and true love. A worthy message of preaching and a significant improvement on what you expect to see in the beginning of the movie. It is strange to see a raw comedy, which is consistently fun and well-acted, but low and see, "40-year-old virgin" is just that. Also throw a charity message and you are well on your way to a top class comedy. A surprising joy.
