As we all know by the sub-genre of six comedies is pretty crowded. It is not enough that simply being immensely raunchy. I have seen and heard so many obnoxious jokes and actions that a sex comedy really needs other positive points to appeal to me these days. <br /> <br /> Entering the 40-year-old virgin, I basically knew what to expect; I saw the advertisements; "Is it true that if you don't use it, will you lose it?" What I didn't expect to find is a cordial and honest attempt at character development. There are still the weird "off-the-wall" characters that we see so much in Adam Sandler movies, and there is still enough inappropriate language to sink Noah's Ark, but somehow the movie has a dignified love story and yes even a message. <br /> <br /> The protagonist Andy is (unfortunately for me) a person I can relate to. In the first shot I see that he himself shares my love for the Mystery Science Theater 3000 (he has a poster for the film on his wall) and throughout the film we get to see his really nice antique collection. Andy also has lots of video games and a knowledge of film and technology. Andy doesn't want to buy a car because he prefers his bike. Most importantly, Andy is a lovely person, he doesn't swear, and he respects women so much that he stays away from them. Combine all these factors and everyone begins to believe he's a serial killer. It's like my life story. The other characters each have fun little stories to follow with their slightly exaggerated personalities, and they all work at a certain level, but not the way Andy does. I felt it was kind of distracting in a way when Andy and his girlfriend Trish really are the only real human characters in the whole movie. I assume that since I mentioned a mistake, I might as well bring another noticeable one to light. The story is clever, but too predictable and as far as romances go; It's pretty simple. It's about Andy's relationship with Trish for a long time, and we all know what will happen in the end. Sure the final detour is a little different than we might expect, but you know what will happen in the end and I assure you. It is certainly small spots on the film, but there is so much good here that I can easily ignore the few errors. Of course, when I say "good", I mean "bad" of course. This is a sex comedy and it will be bad. For the most part, I think it succeeded. There are so many fun scenes that Andy tries to get rid of erection after refusing to have sex with Trish. Or the scene where Andy goes with his Trish's daughter to a sexual education class where he ends up asking more questions than anyone else. Oh, and we must not forget the soon to be classic breast waxing order "Ooh! Como se llama!" An interesting little note about that scene; Actor Steve Carell actually grew his stomach and the pain shown is real. Of course, they only took one, but it was still a very brave thing to do on his side. In fact, since we are talking about Steve Carell, I would like to say that he has now risen to my list of respected comedians who are kind of strange as I didn't even know who he was before watching this movie. I was just as impressed with his writing, acting and timing that I really want to keep an eye on his future roles. This man has talent. The 40-year-old virgin shows it. <br /> <br /> To be honest, I had doubts about this movie, but early words were positive and I knew it was something I would eventually see. I'm glad I did it too, as it's probably one of the funniest movies I've seen for a long time, and it doubles as something you feel is worth seeing. It's not just a series of six gags lumped together, but it's a series of six gags mixed with a very dignified character and a really touching romance. Excuse me now as I go out of my gut I can't believe I just wrote it ... <br /> <br /> My review from Frider Waves: http://friderwaves.com/index.php?page = Virgin
