The key to the 40-year-old virgin is not only that Andy Stitzer is a 40-year-old virgin, but rather the way Steve Carell presents him as one. In a genre of crass "comedy" that has been characterized by its lack of humor and engaging characters, the 40-year-old virgin offers a colorful cast and an intelligent, in-depth script that doesn't use the protagonist as butt-end of cruel jokes. The fact that Andy is still virgin for forty years is not so much a joke as it is a curiosity. <br /> <br /> Carell, a veteran of Team Ferrell in Anchorman and a former Daily Castmember, uses the concept of film to extend his character ?? We understand why Andy is the way he is. These are the little things that make this movie work. When Andy's employee at an electronics store asks him what he did over the weekend, Andy describes his failed cooking efforts. When Andy drives his bike to work, he signals his turn. He doesn't just adorn his home with action characters ?? He paints them and speaks to them and reveals that some of the truly ancient have heard him since childhood. A lesser comedy would not even begin to focus on all these things. <br /> <br /> The reason is quite simplistic ?? Andy's colleagues find that he has never had sex, and they make it a personal task to get him to bed with a woman. It is a childish idea, and the film makes no attempt to hide its juvenility. Andy's friends complement his neurotic nature: David (Paul Rudd) has broken up with his girlfriend over two years ago but is still obsessed with her, Jay (Romany Malco) is a female ladies man and Cal (Seth Rogen) is a tattooed sexaholic. Their attempt to get Andy in the backpack many times, and each time Andy feels less and less optimistic. Finally Andy meets single mother Trish (played by Catherine Keener) and much to the chagrin of his worrying friends who claim mothers is not worth it he falls in love with her. They start a relationship and agree to refrain from having sex for twenty days ?? Trish is not aware that Andy is still a virgin. The 40-year-old Virgin was directed by Judd Apatow, the man who produced Anchorman and The Cable Guy, and began the short-lived cult TV show Strange People and Nerds. Apatow is known for its unique sense of humor, and the script ?? co-written by Carell ?? gives enough. <br /> <br /> Ultimately, however, the most interesting and (really surprising) aspect of the 40-year-old virgin is its maturity. At this time, you're probably aware that the film got glowing reviews from the critics, and even I was surprised at the warm reception. But after watching the movie, it's easy to understand why. We like Andy. We don't care about him. He is not just some cardboard cutout sex comedy cliché ?? He is a true, vibrant, breathing person. His neurotic traits combine the best of Woody Allen with childish naivety. His friends are not unlikable jerks and his romance is tumultuous and bittersweet. It hits a chord with the audience. <br /> <br /> Although this is far from being a perfect movie and certainly contains some rather raw induendo and sexual humor, it does not offend to the extent that other genre entries may have because we love people the screen. The best sex comedies work this way ?? from risky business to American cake ?? And that's the big difference between something like The 40-Year Old Virgin and 40 Days and 40 Nights.
