Only once in a while do we get an R-rated comedy that gets everyone's time and attention. It is an even less frequent case when critics will like it. I just got back from The 40 Year Old Virgin and I can honestly say that it was one of my biggest laughs in life. I went to a 10:35 show and each row was filled. Not only that, everyone laughed their ass all the time. It's two hours of undisturbed grin. I dare to watch this movie and not laugh. The plot is simple. A man is forty years old and he is a virgin. But behind this simple, five-second joke we get a deep, complex story that is not only one of the funniest things you ever witness, but has genuine teachings behind it. Steve Carell stars like Andy Stitzer, The 40 Year Old Virgin. We have known Steve Carell, who in my opinion one of the best scene thieves all the time. Stealing hilarious scenes from Bruce Almighty and especially Anchorman, Steve Carell has come a long way, finally and proudly, he gets the moment to shine like the star. No one will forget his name when they witness this pervasive fun, gut-busting, roll-in-theisle-hilarious comedy. <br /> <br /> The beauty of the movie is that it is not 100% stupid. The brilliant writing of Judd Apatow and Steve Carell has real purpose and it's not just a hell of a story to tell. Behind the rough and vulgar non-stop ride of the movie comes an important lesson to learn. Though not best presented, the film provides more than a pure enjoyable time. Its gut-busting attitude will make you laugh all the time while watching the real-life struggles of people like Andy and his co-workers. The end could not have been better. Not only does it deliver what we are promised, but it provides one of the most memorable finishing touches that a comedy has ever seen. It would have been perfect if there were some Vince Vaughn and Owen Wilson in there, but you can't win them all now you can. Finally, I think, as Roger Ebert said, Catherine Keener gives an inexplicably perfect performance like Trish, one woman Andy really has her heart to. Not only does she also give us laughs, but it is wild to see how strong she is burning the story. She was cast perfected in the role, and her and Carell have great, not to mention, fun chemistry on the screen. Canadian ratings-wise, once again, Ontario escapes with a 14A, while British Columbia, Alberta and Manitoba all beat the 40-year-old virgin with an 18A. The same thing happened to the Four Brothers, in my opinion, this year's second best movie, and I can honestly say that I love Ontario more and more for that. To all your teenagers out there in the United States: Good luck sneak in! <br /> <br /> Overall, Steve Carell gives one of the funniest performances I've ever seen and almost everyone in the cast distributes to non-stop laugh. Everyone will love the 40-year-old virgin this summer, and I encourage everyone to see it as quickly as humanly possible. It's the best comedy of the year, hands down. It beats the longest shipyard, the wedding scratches, and of course Apatow and Carell's last memorable comedy, Anchorman. It is a cartoon masterpiece and deserves the remarkable amount of praise from the critics who have loved it. Every one of my favorite critics loved it and it deserves a spot on the IMDb Top 250 right away. Steve Carell is a great star. See one of the brightest of summer right now. <br /> <br /> My rating: 9/10 <br /> Objective ?? 9/10 <br /> Subjectively ?? 10/10 <br /> <br /> Eliason A.
