Something about the 40-year-old virgin and the second comedy hit of the summer, Wedding Crashers, is alike, but they are two different films in some respects. Both are romantic comedies that have the kind of over-the-top, crazy sensibility that keeps teens and guys in their 20s together with the usual dating crowd to watch the movies. Both also have some sort of formula for the stories. But at the end of the 40-year-old virgin, I think I found it generally, it was more satisfying than 'Crashers'. Although one can guess where the relationship history of Steve Carrell's character Andy and Catherine Keener's character Trish will go to, it is not too basic that one can figure out as with Crashers, and the characters both leading and supportive are realistic, more rounded than most of the one-dimensional or unexplained people in the other. And maybe it may also depend on how much you identify (or just find lunacy) in both. <br /> <br /> The case is that some people can enter The 40 Year Old Virgin without knowing Steve Carrell as Owen Wilson or Vince Vaughn, which Carrell has built his cult status at The Daily Show (one of my favorite shows now) and in small but unforgettable outrageous roles in Anchorman and Bruce Almighty. This is his first major role, but it is not treated as a third-rate vehicle. He and co-author / director Judd Apatow treat Andy's character with a degree of sincerity that keeps the audience on the whole, even early, speaking to his action figures as they paint them again. It's also a difficult line to go on in tenant's hands, it can't be more or less entertaining than Lackluster 40 Days and 40 Nights with Josh Hartnett (also about sexual dysfunction). As the title suggests, Andy is the 40-year-old who is like the friendly guy with still little Pee-Wee Herman in him (the opening of the credit of his apartment is hilarious, a good sign). <br /> <br /> So his friends (among them Paul Rudd, Romany Mancoy, Seth Rogen, all very good comics) are trying to design different strategies and tips to finally break that kind of curse over Andy's head to pop his cherry So speak. He almost comes with an excessively full woman, he almost comes with a freaky kind of girl, and almost with his own boss (Jane Lynch, also very fun in mockumentaries) as an (explicit) buddy. But this soon begins to fade as he enters a meaningful relationship with Trish working across the street from him. Since they are based on a relationship that is not at all based on sex, one can worry about the plot tool "how to tell her like that and how" might get in the way of comedy. It doesn't. In fact, Carrell builds and casts much on it. For almost an hour and a half of the film's two-hour length, there was hardly a moment I laughed, neither big nor small. The big laugh, however, does not just mean any kind of formalities with the plot or one or two small passionate stories (the fellows also have their own relationship problems, Rudd is the most fun). The big laugh comes through because of Carrell's reactions, and that the people around him can either back up their own kind of humor / charm or that with a truth. Keener gives a very good performance and makes it true that there is a true spirit to their relationship (and un-like 'Crashers' are not so much that doesn't make sense). For someone like me who loves it when a comedian can laugh right from the way he looks at his face, Carrell gets very high points here. And, as with a Farrelly brothers movie, the more healthy or outrageous scenes are completed with total absurdity; "growing" scene (which was made too real, by the way) and the type of Aquarius musical number at the end of the movie (the way it comes out in the first place is a totally unmanageable surprise). But if you are willing not to be offended by it, there is more where it came from. This is one of the year's funniest movies.
