In the previews, "The 40 Year Old Virgin" boasts of the image of another immature sex chamber of a 40's lonely guy who suddenly feels the urge to do the deed simply because he doesn't. Too many past bad experiences have dampened his enthusiasm for completely avoiding women. And then the unexpected happens: he falls in love. In addition, there is a movie about it, and it is called "The 40-year-old virgin". The virgin of the title is Andy Stitzer (Steve Carell), who is actually 40, acts as an employee of an electronics store and collects vintage action characters that appear all through his beautiful bachelor pad for everyone to see. He has a lovely home theater system and sees "Survivor" with his two friendly older neighbors. He is a beautiful picturesque definition of the lonely guy who has to go out and talk to more women. <br /> <br /> Now, here's the real news with this image: it makes the impossible task of actually dealing with its subject in a sweet, mature way. This is a movie that could very easily have been very different in the hands of a more transparent team of filmmakers. It could have descended into endless sex gags and jokes, but fortunately this picture never stood so low. Sure there are sex jokes here and there, and even a few prods are aimed at gay communities (which are by no means believed to be gay), as two of the people exchange insults against each other while playing a video game ("Mortal Kombat: Deception," no less - the ultimate testosterone-driven fighting party for guys). As one who is fast approaching 20, McFarlane Toys gathers action numbers and has never done it himself, I found this movie entertaining and touching in a way that a similar movie could never have been. I was able to relate to Andy Stitzer's character more than anyone in the theater because I was the only teenager present at this show; everyone else looked like they were all over 40. Slightly arrogant, I know, but would you ("you" be italic) still be able to relate if you were the only teen to an afternoon screening of "The 40 Year Old Virgin" ? Of course, Andy has never had sex and wakes up every day with "morning climb" (don't ask) and he is pushed by his friends to try outlandish methods to get the attention of opposite sex. Once discovered, Andy is a virgin, at age 40, his three friends and other electronics business associates David (Paul Rudd), Jay (Romany Malco) and Cal (Seth Rogen) assume he is gay because he has never been with a woman which could not be further from the truth. The truth is that Andy loves women, but previous traumatic experiences (revealed in hilarious succession in a flashback sequence) have put him on the sidelines for good. <br /> <br /> David, Jay and Cal each go on a mission to get Andy laid, so help them all. But you know that such escapades will only end in disaster, as shown on a date with Nicky (Leslie Mann) who puts Andy through the worst, stupid experience that I think someone will not go through and he has a pretty scary encounter with Beth (Elizabeth Banks), the beautiful girl working in the bookstore and eventually being revealed to be a total sex prison. <br /> <br /> Things come up for Andy when he meets Trish (Catherine Keener), the friendly woman who works in a store across the street selling things on eBay to people. Hmmm. And with the great collection of action figures, you can see that a big financial payout is ultimately awaiting him, that is, if he can ever "do the god". Finally, the gender we have been waiting for. It deals with a very real problem that many lonely boys probably go through, not that something is wrong with being a virgin, but let's look at the big picture: How many of us "Lonely Guys" will be a lonely guy for forever? The important thing we are taught in this picture is that lonely guy must be himself. I don't think he should go through body waxing as Andy does (which is the side split to be honest, and according to this site and various other news articles it was actually true, and then the blood was on Carell's shirt afterwards). "The 40-year-old virgin" was directed by Judd Apatow and co-written by himself and Carell, who originated from a rubbish that played Carell. Carell is sweet and human, as his character is not a layabout approaching this thing with closed eyes. This is probably one of the most intelligent drums I've ever seen and is not offensive (quite a lot) because its characters are treated with dignity and respect. Even Carell's friends who reject bad advice to cover their own relationship's uncertainties can be related to a basic level. The way "The 40 Year Old Virgin" plays out is actually fun at the end, but I leave it to you, the viewer, to observe. Surely if anyone can go through the things Andy does and still has the strength to attract a woman as sexy as Catherine Keener, then it is true: It's never too late! <br /> <br /> 10/10
