Criticism of the film EVENING, based on the short story by Susan Minot and adapted to the screen of Minot and Michael Cunningham, has been tough, so tough that it may have discouraged many viewers from trying the movie. The main criticism is centered on the fact that in this film very little happens about a dying woman's crooked error, she made a summer in her youth, the famous actors got much smaller roles, that the whole production was overhyped, etc.. . For this viewer, when the movie on a DVD in the quiet of the home happened, a completely different reaction happened. Ann Grant Lord (Vanessa Redgrave) dies in her home by the sea and her medicine and memories allow her to share a man's name - 'Harris' - with her two adult daughters Nina (Toni Colette) and Constance (Natasha Richardson). As her daughters sit at her bed, Ann recovers a special summer when she was a bridesmaid to her best friend Lila (Mamie Gummer) - a marriage, both Ann (Claire Danes and youthful Ann) and Lila's alcoholic brother Buddy (Hugh Dancy) protested against, felt that Lila simply married a man in his class instead of the boy she had loved - Harris Arden (Patrick Wilson), her housekeeper son, who had become a doctor. Harris, Buddy, Lila and Ann are interwoven in a series of treason and romance that has been kept secret until now 50 years later when Ann dies. The older Lila (Meryl Streep) visits Ann at the end, and the secrets are revealed: "There are no such things as mistakes - life just goes on." The movie is a delicate mood and the manuscript from Minot and Cunningham is rich in atmosphere and subtle teaching. Yes, there are gaps in history that could have used more explanation, but in order to maintain the aura of nostalgia by the words of a dying lady, such gaps are understandable. The film is characterized by the presence of not only Redgrave, Richardson (Redgrave's true daughter), Collette, Gummer (Streep's true daughter), Meryl Streep, Claire Danes, Eileen Atkins, Glenn Close, Hugh Dancy and Patrick Wilson, but also with a ensemble cast of short but very solid performances. The setting is beautiful (cinematography of Gyula Pados) and the musical score is the endless Jan A.P. Kaczmarek. Lajos Koltai ("Being Julia") leader. Judge this movie on your own .... Grady Harp
