So many wonderful actresses in a movie serve as a practical invitation to the local film house so I responded appropriately. Here are some comments .. <br /> <br /> Vanessa Redgrave is great even when lying in bed. She also looks very old, and I don't think that is achieved with much makeup, which is a good thing for the movie, but a sad thing for us biographers. I think her aging has been a bit tough in recent years. Claire Danes welcomes her back to the cinema and radiates a certain warmth. Mamie Gummer's likeness to her mother Merly Streep both in terms of physical appearance and acting is so striking that I lost my concentration in the movie for a few minutes after her entrance. She is surprisingly good; But such similarity has the danger of working against her favor. I agree with a previous comment: Natasha Richardson certainly had some plastic work for her face. She doesn't look like how to remember her from previous movies ("Nell"). Unfortunately, both she and Toni Collette do not make much impression, partly because they do not look convincingly as sisters. Their interaction is weak. Toni Collette is also too old for her character. Glenn Close and Meryl Streep had more screen time. Streep's performance is actually a little more than a cameo. Her scenes, on the other hand, have greater emotional resonance than the rest of the movie. Eileen Atkins gives something welcome, dry soft, especially in his second role as an imaginary nighttime companion for Redgrave's character. As for the men; Hugh Dancy revives the movie considerably, even though he offers a wider performance than necessary. In fact, as soon as he leaves history, it begins to pull. It is also his credit that he manages to create the exact necessary sense of boyish charm in the viewer. Patrick Wilson, on the other hand, is a complete vacuum in the middle of the film. He also has the misfortune that the script is not enough to explain why three people (one of them a man) are so much beaten by this man. The reason for this should have been developed more. <br /> <br /> Kinematics are excellent as expected. But the main cottage did not mind to convince me. It does not appear to be natural on top of the steep hill, especially with the front lawn. A bit too cardboard like. <br /> <br /> All in all, the movie is a classic production, but a set-it-all before, screaming-at-all-before feeling overwhelmed me during most of its duration and thus failed to make that kind of influence on me, as I had expected of a tearjerker. But I still managed to make myself careful about the course of time, about one's expectations of life and to what extent these are fulfilled or not. Worth trying at least on DVD, if not in the cinema ...
