After watching the trailer tonight, you'll probably first think of how much the role is involved (I think they even got Rocky Horror's own Brad, Barry Bostwick, to show the world he's still trading), and the next second about how they only showed us the whole movie. Although it's not quite true, the movie is pretty much summed up in the trailer, and that's not necessarily a bad thing. This is a story of a dying woman who remembers a long time ago when she met the love of her life - the one who came away. Her daughters hear her thinking about people they've never heard of, and the story of what happened when she and Harris killed Buddy soon play out. Whatever happens, the film is not about these people and what they do, good or bad. It is a means of showing that there are no mistakes in life. What can be regrettable could actually be the only occurrence in your life that would happen to achieve the good times that follow forever. <br /> <br /> The story itself is nicely narrated and very clearly adapted from the literature. Our filmmakers decide here to tell the story by joining the present (Ann on her death bed), dreamstate (Ann hallucinating by combining the present with the past in her mind) and the past (Ann meets Harris at her best friend's wedding). There are a few times when the cuts are a bit abrupt, and the past is so good that you can find the present things a bit long-winded and tedious, but generally it is better handled than at first thought. It is not as if Ann's life is now uninteresting, it just has less to do with the plot, so it does with the morality being taught. While I admit that the parallels to the past help alleviate the problems of Ann's children at the moment, I was still a little puzzled in the wedding to fit as much as I might have. There are some good moments, but for example, the collapse that Ann creates, from slumbering to being mirrored later, and the cryptic dreams that embrace both worlds together. <br /> <br /> It's the play that makes flashbacks so enthralling and fluid. These beliefs are quite riveted to the point where you get a little angry when our time period has changed, and we have to wait to find out what happens next time. No matter how annoying I find Claire Danes' angry / sad / crying face that exists in every role she plays, the girl is good at what she does. I am experiencing myself more and more on her talents lately, and this only promotes the thawing. Patrick Wilson is always great in what I've seen him in. You need to give him credit to choose some really great roles and never do much more than a movie a year. From angels in America to last year's toddlers, the guy will soon blow up, but hopefully he will stay true to the craft and not the cash-in. Heck herself Mamie Gummer is good as the younger version of her real life mother Meryl Streep (who is surprisingly in the film very little). She is still hard around the edges, but she was wonderful at expressing the emotional turmoil her character goes through on her wedding day. However, the actual revelation is Hugh Dancy. I feel that I have seen him in many things, but it actually seems only in King Arthur. Dancy literally steals every scene he is in and the way his role as Buddy is destroyed by love / alcohol / life is etched in his facial expressions throughout. Without his performance, the flashback sequences could have fallen into the somewhat forgettable category like the rest of the movie and made the experience as a whole much worse. Although it was not entirely original in the way the authors are after, evening brings intelligence and craft to the table. You may be able to fail the length and amount of cut scenes to tie everything together, but you can't argue that the play isn't worth sticking around. Perhaps a movie version of the wedding alone could have been something to see, but when it is all put together, there may also be something that comes out of what could not have been achieved without all the other stories. In any way, the payout is worth riding for the most part, and each plan of reality ends with its own subtle beauty and lives up to what had come before it.
