While the Lord (Vanessa Redgrave) in her death year repeats the name "Harris" and recalls the day of the 50s when she was an aspiring singer and traveled from New York to be the honorary girlfriend's friend friend Lila Wittenborn (Mamie Gummer) in Newport. Ann Grant (Claire Danes) is welcomed by Lila's alcoholic and ruthless brother Buddy (Hugh Dancy) in Wittenborn's seaside cottage, and he tells her his sister is in love with their friend and serves Harris Arden (Patrick Wilson), who fought in the war and trained in medicine. Later, the bride admits her true sense of Harris to Ann. But when Ann meets Harris, she has a crush on him and they have a brief affair during a night stand while a tragedy with Buddy happens. Meanwhile, Ann's daughters, the insecure and unstable Nina Mars (Toni Collette) and the happy wife and mother Constance Haverford (Natasha Richardson) are concerned about their mother and have differences to be solved. "Evening" has one of the best feminine casts I have ever seen in a movie with magnificent performances. The likeness of the amazing Mamie Gummer with her mother Meryl Streep is amazing, and she has a show called her mother's name. The places, costumes, set of decorations, movies and soundtracks are also awesome. Unfortunately, the plot is confused and I have not clearly understood the message of this movie. Why motherhood is so important in history? Was Constance created in the night chair Ann and Harris and he would be her father? Why didn't Ann and Harris stay together if the guy really loved her as he admits in their occasional New York meeting? What questions Ann Lord has solved after the visit of Lila Ross? Was Buddy Wittenborn bisexual or his love for Harris was a fraternal love? Why did Nina Mars change her motherhood thoughts in the end? It seems that the scriptwriters or the director failed because they could not make sense and fulfill the beautiful love story. My voice is seven. <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): "Ao Entardecer" ("In Eventide")
