Halfway through Lajos Koltai's "Evening", a woman on her deathbed asks a figure seen in her hallucination: "Can you tell me where my life went?" The line can be embarrassingly theatrical, but the woman speaks it is Vanessa Redgrave, delivers it with complete simplicity, and the question tears your heart out. <br /> <br /> Occasionally, the movie based on Susan Minot's new skirts is sentimental and ordinariness, it holds attention, offers admirable performances, and provides emotional engagement that few newer films have. With only six months of the year, there are now two memorable, meaningful, worthy films in theaters, the other of course being Sara Polley's "away from her". Hollywood could have turned "Evening" into a licking celebrity vehicle with its two pairs of spouse mothers and daughters - Vanessa Redgrave and Natasha Richardson, and Meryl Streep and Mamie Gummer. Richardson is Redgrave's daughter in the movie (with a sister played by Tony Collette), and Gummer plays Streeps younger himself, while Redgrave's youthful incarnation is Claire Danes. <br /> <br /> Add Glenn Close, Eileen Atkins, Hugh Dancy, Patrick Wilson, and a great cast - yes, it could have turned into a multi-star platform. Instead, Koltai - the glorious Hungarian filmographer of "Mephisto" and director of "Fateless" created a subtle ensemble work with a "Continental feel", the story takes place in a community in Newport society during the days leading up to a wedding that is full of trouble. <br /> <br /> Missing connections, wrong choices and mandatory compliance with social and family pressures include a soap opera, but the quality of scripture, Koltai's direction, and selfless plays raises "Evening" above this level into the rationalized air of English, French (and a few American) family stories from a century before its modern setting. Complex relationships between mothers and daughters between friends and lovers, with the addition of a difficult triangle, all come clear and understandable enough to get in prison. Individual tunes are woven into a symphony. But with all the foregoing emphasis on ensemble and selfless performances, the stars of "Evening" still shine, through Redgrave, Richardson, Gummer (an exciting new discovery, vaguely looks like his mother, but a very different actress), the Danes bear most of the strain - until Streep shows up at the last few moments and of course steals the show. Dancy and Wilson are also worth the price of admission too. As with "Away from Her", "Evening" stays with you in the long run and invites you to rethink her story and characters and experience the emotions it travels. In two hours, the movie runs a bit long, but the way it stays with you is welcome among the many movies that get cold long before your popcorn.
