Evening is the beautiful story of a mother's lack of love. The movie splits in time, is magically shot, amazingly acted and has a touching script. Vanessa Redgrave plays Anne Grant Lord, a woman who goes out of life. Located in her bed, her brain remembers and misfires, she remembers her first mistake. Claire Danes plays the young Anne, who gives a youthful vitality to the dying bed ridden woman. Daughters Nina (Toni Collette) and Constance (Natasha Richardson) are trying to decipher the real story from discouraging dementia. Her first mistake is about Harris Arden (Patrick Wilson); The man's best friend Lila (Mamie Gummer) loved deeply. The daughters are to be expressed with their mother's past and their future. The casting lights up in the evening. The collective energy of this film could have driven the equipment to produce this whole movie. I am so happy to see Claire Danes work again, especially in this role. She is so young and alive, living fully the joys, mistakes and heartbreak of young Anne's first mistake. This is a real feat when you realize she is playing a woman who dies in bed. When her life overwhelms her, you can feel her desire to crack and her hopeless hope that she won't. Some of her facial expressions struck me a little, but over all her performance was so brilliant, I was only left as a side note. Toni Collette continues to prove that you can be a powerful actress without being a supermodel. She plays the family's black sheep; a little lost. Nina finds great strength in her mother's mistake. Collette delicately avoids creating a cruel character who enjoys in her mother's fault, instead choosing the wiser way to learn from her mother's mistakes. There is a lot of effort between Nina and her sister Constance. Their fighting reminds me of those I have with my sister all the time. Mamie Gummer, who plays Anne's youthful best friend, is wonderful. Her character is stuck between her heart and her status in society. Even when she cries and her heart breaks, she is incredibly regal and charming. I can't wait to see her action in anything else in the future. Vanessa Redgrave's performance is very difficult for me to describe. Her talent by making her mental status ambiguous without being wacko or even particularly tragic is why it is so powerful. The audience doesn't know if she's making the story because she's slipping away or if those events have really happened. Physically and emotionally, Redgrave works in a box. Not much physical space and limited emotional area could have been an anesthetic to a small actress, but she does limit the limitations to her. I was constantly amazed. The film is definitely woman-focused, but the men in the movie are not just accessories. Patrick Wilson is fascinating as Harris. It is no wonder that everyone in the movie is in love with him, it was safe. Buddy Wittenborn is Lila's brother and sprouts out of control. Hugh Dancy spirals Buddy out of control without sending his action down the drain. Glen Close has my favorite scene in the movie. It reminded me of the famous scene from Monster's Ball. It's terrible and the jaw loses grief. I was completely stunned. The real disappointment was Natasha Richardson. While her fighting scenes were memorable, most of her acting series of melodrama. It would have taken care of her to take a play before we had to breathe. It was a good thing that she was not responsible for visuals. The visual images of the film are sparkling. Cinematographer Gyula Pados couldn't make a movie richer in color, light so perfectly matched to mood and emotion. The visual concepts in the flash back sequences are powerful and resonant. There were many scenes that could have been stopped, printed, mounted and sold as art. I admit it, I shouted. Evening is a powerful movie. Evening is defiantly a chick flick but a really big chick flick. To impress a woman with a movie selection, select Evening.
