I caught the evening at the cinema with a lady friend. Evening is a chick flick with no excuses to be like that, but I can say with a little relief that it is not so infused with estrogen that it is painful for a red-blooded man to see. Apart from a single instance at the end of the movie, I watched with interest and did not need to turn or roll my eyes on any self-releasing melodrama. Ladies will definitely love this movie. Ann Lord is older, bed-ridden and uses her last days on earth as pleasantly as possible in her own home with her two adult daughters on her side. Unfortunately, by her memory, Ann suddenly calls a man's name for her daughters, never heard before: Harris. While both her daughters consider the significance of their mother's strong desire to regain and alleviate her horrible affair with this mysterious man at this time, Ann goes back to her head for the fateful day she met Harris - and in that So lost the youthful optimism for the future that we all inevitably share paths with. <br /> <br /> Both Ann and her two daughters - a married child, a serial "commitophobe" - struggle with the central question of whether true love really exists, and perhaps more importantly, if true love can endure the time trial . Are we all one day stunned to realize that love never lasts forever? Will we all realize that settling the imperfect is the only realistic result? The subtle fact that the old Ann still breaks down with an answer to these questions on her deathbed is not lost on her two daughters. Cinematography for the evening is interesting - most of the film is used in Ann's mind as she reminds of the past, and so I think the film was shot as if it were all convincingly overloaded to give everyone an ethereal glow (and so do it very obvious that all this is not true but seemed to pass by). Claire Danes is beautiful (seems to be really, really tall, but only 5'5 "in reality) and is absolutely captivating in a climate culture where her singing talent is finally tested. <br /> <br /> You can't really talk the trash about the casting, which leads out with Claire Danes and doesn't let up from there: Vanessa Redgrave, Patrick Wilson, Meryl Streep and Glenn Close fill in the other big and small roles in the movie. <br /> <br /> I can delete Don't say anything negative about this movie, though Hugh Dancy's struggle to get his character to come out of complete one-dimensionality is ultimately a total loss. Plays the spoiled, gracious drunk offspring of the indecent kingdom that lays up in front of a great bravado, but secretly afraid that it is never something to say, probably does not give much in the way of character research - he had his orders and attached to them. <br /> <br /> Finally, gentlemen, your lady Friend will certainly cry and while you are likely to not even feeling almost as touched, the evening will certainly not be a waste of time spent watching the evening. Catch it in theaters or take it as a rental to set aside points for when you will be accompanied by a show of Die Hard 4 or the upcoming Rambo flick. It's your little secret that this view didn't cost you much at all.
