Since I started reading the book on which this movie is based, I have mixed feelings about the recorded result. I learned some time ago watching the movie adaptation of a book before I read the book because I found out that if I read the book first, I was inevitably disappointed in the movie. This would undoubtedly have been true here, while in the case of reconciliation, which is probably the best filmed adaptation of a book I have ever seen, it would probably not matter. <br /> <br /> I'm trying to figure out the cause, and I suppose I have to put my finger on Michael Cunningham. Much as I respect him for the hours (which I have not read, but as I saw and was confused by), I cannot escape the feeling that he did not adapt so much to Susan Minton's book as he took a few signs and the basic principle and write his own movie out of it. <br /> <br /> It's not that I don't like the movie. I actually love the movie and that's why since I started reading the novel, I feel disturbed all over. I feel unhappy with Mrs Minton to enjoy the movie, which was so much a departure from her work. As I read it, I can understand why she had such a struggle to adapt it. Contrary to what a reviewer of the film said, it is not so much that some novels do not deserve to be a movie; It's more like some books just can't make the transition. Mrs. Minton's novel operates at a level that is so personal and intimate to her core character, so internally that it seems impossible for me to place it in a physical world. Although much of the book is memory with real events, it's memory, and so fragmented and ethereal to be, I feel, not filmable. I think Mrs Minton's work is a genuine literature work but cannot make the transition to film, which in no way detracts from its value. <br /> <br /> I still can't report on the evening, the movie, does not represent the evening, the novel, in more than the most superficial way since I'm only halfway through, but the original had to make a big leap to look like the movie that follows at this time. I suppose I write this because I feel that if you want to adapt a novel, you have to adapt it, but do not do anything else as it is not. I'm not sure if Michael Cunningham has done something quite original, but from what I can see so far, the things he has done have all based on others' work. We would not have Timer if Virginia Woolf had not written Mrs. Dalloway and we would not have the evening in his emergency if Susan Minton had not had so much trouble doing which probably should not have been attempted in the first place. But it is too much to say that it would be better if Mrs Minton had left well enough alone, because the evening, the film, is a satisfying and beautiful work by itself. <br /> <br /> Thus, my confusion is mixed with emotion, sense of default and the final conclusion that the short story in this case cannot be the film and vice versa and my possible gratitude for both authors to do what they did, so we both have worked as they are.
