The first "side story" of the universe's century Gundam universe presents a refreshing new look to the war between the earth and the space colonies. The focus is no longer on a small group of individuals who will continue to play the leading role in the conflict, but on the daily civilian population and how the war is seen through their eyes. The story does contain some Gundam staples whose premise is a ZEON group's attempt to capture an experimental Gundam, but it is the performance of the plot that did so interesting to see. This series focuses on the experience of a young boy named Alfred and the relationship between his neighbor, Christina Mckenzie, who secretly is a Federation pilot and a beginner Zeon pilot named Bernie Wiseman. Alfred develops a kind of "brotherly love" to Bernie, while our young Zeon pilot also falls for Christina. <br /> <br /> "War in your pocket" shows that you do not need a sweeping epic tale of special individuals to make for a good war history. There are no uber ace pilots or big fleet battles to be seen here. This short 6 episode OVA focuses much more on character emotional drama over other themes such as politics or philosophy, and I love how realistically portrayed the characters are. Alfred is your typical daily child playing violent computer games and believes armed forces are tough. He then gets a crash course in war terrible realities. The unlikely friendship and connection between Bernie and Christina, each not being soldiers on different sides of the war, is played very well without overboarding with romance drama things. The same goes for the welcoming relationship between Alfred and Bernie. That said, I would not pamper much of the story here, but it makes it much more compelling to see the tragedies unfolding as the show moves all the way to its emotionally devastating twist. <br /> <br /> Despite the lack of action, this show never falls into the "boring" category. The characters are just what engages enough to carry the whole show. Don't worry as there are a number of mobile action action scenes scattered here and there. Each is beautifully animated at a level that surpasses that of an OVA and is sure to satisfy the demand for some "mandatory" mobile suit in a Gundam series. <br /> <br /> Normally anime looks in Japanese or English, I would leave for personal preference. But in this case, I strongly recommend the English voice over the Japanese. Not only do the characters, all but Alfred, are Caucasian, more credible in English, but the English voice abduction is on an equal footing and even surpasses the Japanese, introducing every character with such realistic feelings and intonations that they just sound like they are in some live action TV dramas. In short, this show is not trying to impress the audience. What it does is to convey several heartfelt themes that are closest to the home, especially innocent death on the battlefield and war gravel through a child's eyes. A really moving little story that deserves more credit than it is given.
