This is a complex film exploring the effects of Fordist and Taylorist modes of industrial capitalist production on human relations. There are constant references to assembly line production, where workers are treated as gears in a machine, monitored by executives who control clipboards, control how much hair workers are exposed to, and firing workers (Stanley) who meet all criteria (which his supervisor says are always in time, are hard workers, do good work) but who in an indefinite future can make a mistake. <br /> <br /> This system destroys families - Stanley has to send his father to a nursing home (where he quickly dies) after Stanley loses his job. Iris' daughter is a single teenage mother who falls out of high school to take a job in the plant. It refers to the fact that both parties now, with falling wages, need to work, which means there is no one at home to care for the children. Iris's husband is dead from a disease, and with the many references in film about the cost of medical care, the viewer should ask that he may have lived with better and more careful care. Iris's brother-in-law is being mistreated after another failed day at the unemployment office when his wife cries out to him to buy a beer with his savings instead of leaving it to face lift and / or teeth jobs (even the working class without the effort of conventional bourgeois ideas of perfection and beauty is bought in them). One reference to race in the movie is through a black factory line worker whose husband is in prison (presumably he is also black, and black men suffer from disproportionately high rates of incarceration). She notes that he as she "does time" - her family is composed of a prisoner and a paycheck. <br /> <br /> However, Stanley still believes in human relationships and is therefore for most of the films outside of Fordist capitalism. He cares about his father, despite the fact that it was his father's travel negotiator job that resulted in his illiteracy - he has not yet reduced human relations to a purely instrumental contract that Iris' brother-in-law does (suggested he "married the wrong sister "). He does not answer, as Iris says, in line with any other work-eating sleep routine, rather using technology and techniques of industrial production in a craft and creative manner in a kind of Bauhaus ideal. This was the dream of early modernists and the 1920's socialists (such as Bauhaus) - using technology to provide for all basic needs, allowing for more leisure time for creative human work and completing human relationships. He is also out of traditional gender relations. He cooks, he cleans, he cares for his family, and he knows how to iron. Iris, on the other hand, lives in a traditional male role - she is a factory worker, the main source of income for her (extended) family, and she brings Stanley into the public domain that is traditionally open to women. By teaching him to read and write, she gives him access to the world of science, also traditionally known to him. <br /> <br /> Literature here is used as a metaphor for the (traditional masculine) public domain and the systems of circuits (monetary, vehicles, cultural) that allow participation in the public domain. Without this access, Stanley is feminized - the tasks open to him are cooking and cleaning. He is excluded from all regular circuits, unable to participate in the monetary (cannot open a bank account), in the vehicle (cannot get a license, cannot drive the bus) and in the social asks if he exists if he does not can write his name). <br /> <br /> After reading, he takes books on auto repair, agriculture and spirituality (the Bible). The word of God is therefore relativized, placed on the same value plane as how-two books. In fact, the organized religion is generally only very occasionally present - the Bible also appears on a dresser when the camera pans to find Stanley and Iris having sex. However, it is recognized as a moral force - Iris, clearly a sign of living a "good" life, mentions at the beginning of the film that her rosary was among the objects lost in a purse branch. <br /> <br /> When he is able to read, he enters the system and lands a leadership position with a health plan, a car, and a house that takes its place on the head of the family, the breadwinner. Presumably he is an industrial designer who dreams up products that will require other goods to disappear in the assembly line to produce. This end, probably the only bit of conventional Hollywood in the movie, is so inconsistent with everything that has come before, at least I wonder if it was not forced in by some Studio exec suddenly worried about the lack of emotion end and its potential effect on the bottom line. Now that, according to the Pounds, we have comfortably moved to post-industrial capitalism, the film also has a slightly nostalgic feel, as if we needed the historical distance to really analyze what happened during that period. <br /> <br /> Nevertheless, it is highly recommended - at least if you want to exercise your brain. Disregard the end and it's close to a perfect 10.
