Okay, I saw this movie as a kid and really loved it. My parents never bought the movie for me, but I think I will go buy it now. I'm a sucker for pre-2000 animated movies. Anyway, on the actual review. <br /> <br /> WHAT LIKE: There was a real portrayal of heaven and hell, one of the few I've seen in animated films. Character development existed! It's easy to classify characters in this movie (ie Charlie is the selfish mutt, Itchy is cynical, but thinks Charlie, Carface is of course the relentless villain, etc.). I also loved King Gator's song. I've always loved loud, annoying, flamboyant guys. This song may have been random, but it was so much fun. Finally, the details of the animation were beautiful. You could tell Charlie was everything gruff and stuff, and the backgrounds were beautiful. HOW I DON'T LIKE: The actual portrayal of heaven: The way Charlie responded, "no surprises at all" made it actually seem very boring. He refused somewhere in the sky and still had to come back to it in the end. I remember a few lines of certain songs like "... you can't keep a good dog down", "Let's make music forever" and "... welcome to be dead", but I can't remember those most of them. The songs were not so spectacular, to be honest. Whippet Angel: She's Annoying and It's NECK! AUGH! What Parents Don't Like: A couple of very scary (depending on the viewer) pictures of Hell appear below the movie. Carface is quite threatening. Beer is also implied, but not actually DUBBED beer. Gambling is a key element of the movie. The good guy dies. <br /> <br /> OVERALL: I love this movie, though sometimes it is a little forgettable. The frightening children's animations are always my favorite. This was created back at a time when producers and writers were not afraid to give the children a little scare every now and then. Today, this would probably have been rated PG. Children under the age of 8 (or slightly disturbed children) should not see this. Other than that, I give it 9/10. :) <br /> <br /> Happy viewing!
