I love all dogs Go to heaven even though I'm a guy. This and The Country Before Time are the best animated movies that Don Bluth has made! In the film, Gharlie Barkin (Burt Reynolds) is helped by his friend Itchy (Dom DeLuise) freedom from the pound in New Orleans in 1939. Charlie, who is in the casino, would like to share with his partner Carface (Vic Tayback). Carface, who is not willing to share with Charlie, pushes a car on a bridge to Charlie who kills him! Charlie enters the sky and meets Annabelle (Melba Moore), who shows Charlie that his time is showing him a clock that has stopped and she explains that all dogs go to heaven because all dogs are naturally good! Charlie hides the stopwatch behind the back and switches it back, and he returns to earth alive with Annabelle screaming. You can never come back! Charlie reunites with Itchy and they go and examine soon to find out that Carface has not only attempted to kill Charlie. He has also kidnapped a little orphan girl named Ann Marie (Judith Barsi). When Carface leaves Charlie and Itchy, Ann Marie helps escape. Next day Charlie Itchy and Ann Marie go to search for money! Ann Marie sees a couple she thinks would make good parents to her! While Ann Marie speaks to the couple, Charlie sneaks behind the man and steals his wallet! Charlie Ann Marie and Itchy then go to a horse race where they spit man's money that a horse wins the race! The horse they said would win wind wins and Charlie, Itchy and Ann Marie were paid $ 1,000 for the game! Charlie promises Ann Marie, he uses the money to give the poor, but wins up to buy a new casino and gambling and buys pizza for his friend Flo (Loni Anderson) and her puppies. Soon Ann Marie found out that Charlie has stolen the wallet from the man and spent her money on horse racing and everything! Charlie sad if it has a dream to come to hell and the devil! Soon Charlie wakes up and finds out that Ann Marie is gone! She has left to give the wallet back to the couple who forgives her about the wallet and invites her to breakfast! Charlie asks Ann Marie to leave with him and she pretends to be ill but is trapped by mice trying to feed them to King Gator, but they manage to escape! Soon Carface and prisoner Ann Marie arise. He plans to drown her, but Charlie comes to the rescue and calls on King Gator, who eats Carface. Charlie's time is up and he has to die again. Itching with the help of the other dogs finds the couple who took Ann Marie in and get them to bring them to where Ann Marie is. They're there in time to save Ann Marie, but are too late to save Charlie when the time is up! Charlie, who is awarded for her heroic efforts to rescue Ann Marie, is welcomed back to heaven, but before entering, he says goodbye to Ann Marie, who has been adopted by the couple and asks her to take care of Itchy for him. She says yes and tells Charlie, she loves him and goodbye! Charlie goes into heaven again as it is said All dogs go to heaven! Filled with wonderful animation, characters and history Don Bluth has proven us again that he is a good animator! It's too bad that this movie was released the same year Little Mermaid, which is my favorite Disney movie! They both came out in 1989, which was the year before I was born! I must call them both the best animated features in 1989! 10 out of 10!
