First of all, 'St. The Ives movie is only fairly loosely based on the Robert Louis Stevenson story of the same name, but for once it is not a criticism. The original novel was an ongoing work, unfinished by the author's death, and in freely adapting it and giving it an end, the filmmakers have created some beloved characters who, while different from Stevenson's originals, I would It is 1813: Capitaine Jacques de Kéroual de Saint-Yves is a Breton aristocrat, obsolete by the guillotine of the revolution, now serving as a householder in Napoleon's army. We meet him going out in the evening and claiming that since a house that is not dead by 30 years is "a blackguard", in 34 years he is now "on borrowed time"! Surely, as he faces a number of challenges for duels, our dashing heroes are in danger, but a surreal prank on his colonel gives him a way out of the duels and into the bed of a beautiful courtesan / singer. Unfortunately, it also results in losing his commission ... Additional misadventures result in him being captured by the British and sent to a POW camp in a Scottish castle. <br /> <br /> While carving toys and boxes, Jacques catches the attention of Flora, the young kid's miss Susan Gilchrist, a well-attended woman in the world who lives at Swanston Cottage. They fall in love, and most of the story is about Flora, which helps Jacques escape and find his emigrant grandfather, the old Comte. Of course there is a problem. Jacques' older brother Alain, a dissolute alcoholic, is - perhaps understandably - far from satisfied when grandfather avertes him in front of the whole household as soon as Jacques has come ... Cue betrayal! There is also an entertaining part of the romance between the awkward, naïve but kind-hearted Major Farquhar Chevening and Aunt Susan who have traveled through most of the Ottoman Empire and been a prisoner of the Turks. <br /> <br /> Even allowing for a natural prejudice in favor of any movie where heroes share my last name, 'St. Ives' is magic! It combines splendid swashbuckling swordfights, a balloon flight, comedy and romantic adventure. I would recommend it to anyone who loves 'the kind of movie they don't do any more' - Fairbanks, Colman, Flynn, & co. The action is amazing. Anna Friel makes Flora an exciting and appealing heroine, and Jean-Marc Barr is lovely as Jacques, a truly lovable hero. Miranda Richardson and Richard E. Grant are already good favorites of mine, and have fun as Susan and Farquhar, whose relationship runs like a comic counterpoint to the manager. Like the rakish, schematic, but ultimately tragic Alain shows Jason Isaacs, whom he recently did in 'The Patriot', he has the classic swashbuckling style, in addition to the great looking look! Please, will anyone throw him as an * altogether * in the genre ?! <br /> <br /> My main quibbles with the movie relate to settings and costumes. In the book is the castle where Jacques is a prisoner, clearly Edinburgh, but the film, shot in Ireland, Germany and France has the 'Highlandised' setting, making the preservation of place names like Swanston, Inveresk and Queensferry completely unnoticed. The costumes are also a real hotch-potch, from the 1780s to the period when it is set. Although it would not be prohibitive with more down-market signs "doing it", it seems strange to wealthy ladies, such as the heroines who wear 1780 dresses in 1813. It was clear that the costuming decision was aesthetic: these earlier Styles are visually much more appealing and elegant than Regency fashion styles, and they work in the idealized world of the movie. As a whole, 'St. Ives' is 90 minutes of pure joy.
