Alain Corneau, as his eldest brothers, Claude Sautet and Jean-Pierre Melville, began cutting teeth in French cinema with a number of fine thrillers: "la Menace" (1977) and "Série Noire" (1979) among others. "Police Python 357" is a good example of how Corneau was conceived and shot his works at this time of his career. They had a fantastic filmography, meticulous screens and a sophisticated guide elaborated for the sake of efficiency. The police superintendent Ferrot (Yves Montand) is a policeman with unconventional methods that usually work all alone. He makes acquaintance with a young woman Sylvia Léopardi (Stefania Sandrelli) and becomes her lover while she ignores the fact that she has another lover: his superior Ganay (François Périer). When the latter learns, he kills her in anger. Ferrot must investigate the murder, and all traces are mercilessly against him ... You might think that this kind of remote story is not exempt from error and sometimes you can see right through it but Corneau's pedantic directorial style helps evoke a choking, scary atmosphere. The first part of the film before the night of murder can seem uninteresting, and it is crucial for what follows this key moment. Corneau falls back on a sober treatment with rather scanty moments and short looks at secondary, minor characters, which the viewer will see again during the investigation. Despite the downsides, Corneau and his singer Daniel Boulanger donated a good story. Ménard (Mathieu Carrière), who sometimes expresses his surprise because Ferrot holds a relatively low profile during the study. But his superior knows that he usually works alone. In fact, Ferrot must find solid tricks to dredge the waters and thus free himself. In the end, the main idea of ​​the film relates to Ferrot himself. He is a policeman who gradually loses his identity and finds himself at the heart of a terrible depersonalization. It is the epitome of the moment when he throws himself down on his face, so witnesses do not recognize him when he is brought face to face with them. <br /> <br /> The background of this thriller is Orléans effectively enhanced by the Corneau camera and helps inspire this eerie thriller's harmful charm.
