This drama is in contrast to Sex and the city, where the women have a few drinks and share their sexual encounters with each other. Its much more personal and people can relate to it. Its much more engaging and emotional at a new level than other dramas focusing on women and their lives like "Sex and the City, Lipstick Jungle ...." <br /> <br /> Dr. Katie Roden, is a psychologist with a dark secret, she seems much more depressed and guilty than the rest of her 3 friends. She deals with her former lover who was her patient while addressing her son's progress on her. Her stupid clothes and empty and cold house convey her feelings very well. <br /> <br /> Trudi Malloy, a widow struggling for trouble "dropping" from her dead husband from 9/11. And when a beautiful stranger, Richard shows an interest in her, she is suddenly forced to make a reality check by her friends who suggest she comes back to dating business. The ridiculous and embarrassing scenes between Richard and Trudi are quite fun! It is interesting to note that Richard asks her the day when she gets millions from the 9/11 table for her husband's death. He sees what his intentions are. <br /> <br /> Siobhan Dillon, a lawyer is tired of her husband's love tactics, which only involve "baby making" (since they have trouble perceiving) and she quickly falls for her colleague who offers her " services "a little too willing for her and she doesn't hesitate too long! It will be interesting to see if she will continue her affair or patch up with her husband (played by Raza Jeffrey) Jessica, a regular businesswoman is single and is straight until she organizes a lesbian wedding and has an affair with one of them. Her character is shown as a bold and provocative woman who, before her lesbian encounter, has sex with a "married man", her colleague. Let's see where her character is waiting .... The beauty of this drama is that we are shown 4 completely different women with different scenarios whose ambitions and inhibitions are shown. It is also a good thing that drama reveals the fact that sometimes friends are lying to each other to be "safe"!
