Knowing what to expect (on the whole) from a Denzel Washington performance - quality, integrity, gravitas, wry humor - will prepare you for what you can expect from his direct debut. Much like Robert De Niro is a Bronx Speech, Antwone Fisher delivers the moving drama of a young man's life and the effects of key figures in his life. Much like in the Bronx Tale De Niro played one of these key figures to the protagonist (even a character was born to play, but also to old) Washington plays a similar role in this as the paternal adviser to titular character - a character it seems, that he should be played by a Washington from 20 years ago. Be grateful Washington is too old to play Antwone because if he had, we would first be deprived of the wonderfully measured and intelligent nuanced performance he provides as a navy advisor. But more importantly, we would not see the amazing, we can only hope star production, turn from Derek Luke into the title role. Inevitably, the sign comes across as shaped in Washington's form, but you get the impression it's not just because Washington corrected it, not that Luke tried to copy him, but that Luke is just as powerful and thought-provoking an actor as Washington. It took far too long for Washington to receive the Oscar he deserved for Malcolm X, Philadelphia, Devil In A Blue Dress and Hurricane, let's hope Luke can't wait that long. Also, much of the casting was Joy Bryant as Fisher's girlfriend, Cheryl. While that part could have been an unforgettable support or a standard 'girlfriend' role, Bryant breaks it with life. Tender and intelligent role surpasses stereotyping with Bryant in it, and she makes that part important and interesting. It doesn't hurt either that Bryant might be the most attractive woman you want to look at celluloid this year - the smile alone could defy the coldest heart. Effective ability and appearance - why is not this woman in everything being made right now. Offering great support in a small role in Salli Richardson as Washington's wife Berta. To say more with a silence or an appearance than many Hollywood actresses can cope with in a whole movie, she informs the audience of the entire storylines long before any exhibit occurs. As for Washington's instruction, as I said, it is the director's similar action. Taking the story of a man will make viewers hear about and make it really interesting. It's a difficult experience that Washington achieves with Aplomb. The movie is neither rushed nor flashy, but it never feels slow or boring. It is measured and nuanced and perfectly balances humor and drama. Antwone Fisher must not blow you away if you like big, explosive, plotless Hollywood movies, but for those who appreciate a finely crafted character piece, with excellent performances and stable, well-managed direction, this is for you.
