Contrary to other commentators who have commented on this film's ability to transcend the race, I believe, on the contrary, that this powerful film provides a complex and deep story that deals with institutional racism and its effects. Washington leads Fisher's history with a cautious hand and critical eye, giving up this cinematic endeavor neither to divide the bodies of women, to continue with insignificant stereotypes, or to satisfy the expectation of the white eye. I think this movie might be a bit too happy in the end; However, it is deeply rooted in African-American culture and discusses to the point that some white spectators can feel the look of this African-American - Antwone Fisher's life. I have problems with the Naval aspect in the movie, but when we look at America, there are not many opportunities or opportunities for black men who are / were in Fisher's situation or similar situations. Viewers can go to this movie that expects a "Black Movie: What is a" Black Movie? "Do stereotypes of pimps, whores, drug dealers, single parenting, and so on a" black movie? "I think Washington, as director, has acknowledged that African Americans and other people in color are dealing with human problems such as abuse and displaced aggression to name a few. These issues have historically and at present only been given light and validity through" Good Will Hunting and other white movies, it's high time they got the same recognition and validity as their white counterparts in and out of the media. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, in this racist country, Denzel Washington and Derek Luke may have to wait ten years before receiving an Oscar or anything else, both of whom have to wait until they head or star in a film that continues the usual racist and sexist stereotypes to get an Oscar. Deserved awards for "Malcolm X", "Hurricane" and others before the jive "Training Day" Oscar, it's not to ignore or push aside other great actresses and actors of color who are denied their guilty praise for brilliant work. Also, Hollywood would rather send the message that racism and sexualism and heterosexuality are acceptable by continuing and even rewarding the stereotypes as they appear in countless films such as "American Beauty," "Midnight in Good and Evil Garden," and even "gone" with the wind. "<br /> <br /> Derek Luke is a helluva actor and I wish him the best. All the other actors and actors gave amazing performances down, although I take the question with Denzel's choice of yet another straight-haired, light-skinned last. That being said, everyone should watch this movie, but it may not be for everyone
