Based on a true story, this film comes from first-time director and long-time actor, Denzel Washington. Denzel Washington has given us some of the best performances of the last decade, as a black soldier in the civil war in Glory and a lawyer in the acclaimed Philadelphia. And of course, he made special fame last year when he won the Academy Award for Best Actor in Training Day, where Denzel Washington became the first African American to receive the Best Actor Award. I think Denzel wanted a change of pace so he chose to lead Antwone Fisher, where he also stars. Fisher is played by Derek Luke, who is new to the silver screen, but has made some guest exhibitions on such television shows as King of Queens, and he will be featured in the upcoming Biker Boyz movie release. <br /> <br /> This is a great finished movie from Denzel Washington, as it was his first time to lead. Undoubtedly, Denzel felt any kind of commitment and believed in Antwone Fisher's real life story. Antwone Fisher is about a young African American man in the Navy who is constantly in battle and after a certain blow he is sent to see a navypsychiatry named Jerome Davenport, played by Denzel Washington. Davenport helps Antwone handle his troubled past and learns to move on with his life by finding his birth mother who was to give him up at birth because she was in prison. What makes this movie good is that it is not too melodramatic. I had expected something a little more like Good Will Hunting, with a lot of difficulty, struggle and vulgarity. Not that I didn't like Good Will Hunting, or that gang, fight and vulgarity of the movie were out. On the contrary! However, Antwone Fisher is a true story, and I don't think Washington wanted to censor the story of dramatic impact in the movie. Don't make me wrong, there are moments when we see Antwone fighting, continuing, and having moments when the world seems to be closing in on him. Despite his first session with his psychiatrist, the character from Washington, Devenport asks Fisher where he was born, and Fisher's response is "from under a rock," an obvious nap on the pressure waning on Antwone Fisher's soul. But I had to appreciate the fact that this movie was not sensationalized for dramatic influence. I think it shows true character from Denzel Washington to deliver a more realistic story and to avoid the typical clichés that are common in Hollywood movies, even those based on true stories. Another point I would like to make about Antwone Fisher is the actor. Above all, performances were good in the movie, but not great. At times I think it was a little obvious that the protagonists were actors, but in general it would be ridiculous to complain about performances in this movie. An actress I would like to point out in this movie is Viola Davis. She plays Antone's mother, but she says hardly two sentences in the movie, but not so much because she appears at the end of the movie, but more because she shocked her long-standing son, Antwone, found her. What I would like to point out about her as an actress in the absence of her use. She is basically a character actress, and I haven't seen her play any really elaborate roles. She made appearances in Traffic, Out of Sight, Kate & Leopold and two recent films: Far From Heaven and Solaris. In Steven Soderberg's remake of Solaris, she played a scientist on a doomed spacecraft towing a planet. In that movie she is confronted with George Clooney's character, and she tears to what Clooney tells her on a particular scene. When I first saw Solaris, I remember seeing his tear up in the scene and thinking, wow, this woman could act. It was as if you could feel the grief of the character. In the short shot of her face she gave so much expression, and I honestly felt very sorry for her character's grief and hassle in the movie. I think she has a certain potential as an actress and should be used more often in leading roles rather than just a character-driven actress. Nevertheless, Antwone Fisher is a very good movie. Denzel Washington always draws a great performance and he gives us a great direct debut. Derek Luke is also a very talented actor. I think Antwone Fisher will bring his immense critical fame to his portrayal of the troubled man, but I think his public popularity will increase with the release of Biker Boyz, who also stars Lawrence Fishburn. Antwone Fisher is based on the book `Finding Fish: A Memoir 'by Antwone Quenton Fisher. ***
