"And the time came when the risk of staying tight in a knob was more painful than the risk it took to flourish" - Anais Nin Marcel Proust says, "The right journey of discovery lies in not seeing new landscapes, but having new eyes "Author and scriptwriter Antwone Fisher joined the US Navy to see new landscapes, but the demons in his past prevented him from seeing the world through new eyes. Based on his autobiography "Finding Fish" written many years after the events, his story has been dramatized in the movie Antwone Fisher, Denzel Washington's first management effort. It is a deep feeling if it is something formal to look at the painful process of moving from being consumed by one's past to living life in the present. <br /> <br /> Required to participate in therapy sessions after several outbreaks of anger on the Base, the painful aspects of his childhood are shown in flashback, as the adult Antwone (Derek Luke) tells his life in sessions with the navypsychiatrist Jerome Davenport ( Denzel Washington). He is initially unwilling to speak, but when he begins, the floodgates open. After his father was shot dead by a girlfriend, and Antwone was abandoned by his mother after being released from prison, he was placed in a foster home where he lived for fourteen years and suffered from humiliation and sexual abuse. In fact, according to Antwone, the treatment of his mother-in-law, Mrs Tate (Novella Nelson) who only referred to him as "nigga" and of his cousin Nadine (Yolonda Ross), was much worse than shown on the screen. <br /> <br /> The only friend he has is a room named Jesse (Jascha Washington), which later in the movie only adds his feelings of abandonment. It is difficult to build a film about psychiatric sessions, but it was successfully done in Ordinary People and Good Will with much more dramatic interest, but it succeeds here because of Washington and Luke's dominant beliefs, though the film's attempt to compress eleven years a few months seems a little too easy. Davenport's humanity and warmth, however, allow Fisher to feel confident enough to discuss his difficult past, and Cheryl (Joy Bryant), his new boyfriend, who is also in the navy, supports him in his struggle to make a breakthrough. <br /> <With Cheryl's Help and Dr. Davenport's advice develops enough self-esteem to return to Cleveland and begin the journey of trying to find his mother to complete the past. What comes through in Derek Luke's incredible performance is Antone's longing for acceptance, dramatized in a heartbreaking dream, shown at the beginning of the film, where he is honored guests in a banquet filled with people who love him. Comedian Mort Sahl once said that "people just have to remember what we are all here for: finding their way home ..." Antwone Fisher not only touches the length of a young person to find his way home, but everyone reaches those who cry out to sleep, not knowing the joy of being loved.
