Posted and directed by Steve Gordon. Duration: 97 minutes. Classified PG. <br /> <br /> It was the hallmark of the decade. It won the Sir John Gielgud Academy Award. It was even presented in VH1's "I Love the 80s." And it looks just as good as it did on the first release. Arthur is the acclaimed comedy classic about a drunken millionaire (the game of enthusiasm and humor by Dudley Moore in an Oscar nominated performance), who should choose between the woman he loves and the life he is used to. While the basic plot is a large cliché, there is nothing tired of this cozy combination of smart dialogue and hilarious farce. Arthur Bach is essentially nothing more than a pretentious Russian, but you can do nothing but like him. Especially when he delivers lines like, "Don't you want me to be me? I know!" He is also a delimitation from the archetypal movie hero: Unlike most wealthy characters we see on the silver screen, he is not ashamed of being dirty. In one scene, a man asks him, "What does it have to have all that money?" As he responds, "It feels good." Moore gives such charisma and charm to a character who would otherwise be abhorred by his audience. And Gielgud is simply perfect as the arrogant servant and directs his master with extreme abandonment, despite his wages depend on him. Arthur is one of those films that is not trying to be brilliant or extremely unusual: it just comes naturally. The play - which has also earned a nod from the academy - is saturated with authentic ridiculous dialogue. It's the kind of movie that, along with a bunch of poker comrades, cites endlessly to each other. It also looks at its characters with sincere empathy. There have been a number of comedies trying to dip into drama by including death or illness in a star (including both Grumpy Old Men's), but few can do it because we just don't care. When this movie makes the dubious decision to turn off butler, it actually works because we really like these people. Why would you see Arthur? The answer is simple: because it is an all-round, non-guilty pleasure. In a time when movies are becoming more and more serious, Arthur reminds us how it feels to go to the cinema and just have a good time. <br /> <br /> **** - Classic
