I remember trying out a few minutes of this movie, I am very surprised that I didn't see it all from director Steve Gordon, his only film directed before the death of heart failure. Basically Arthur Bach (Golden Globe winner and Oscar nominated Dudley Moore) is the happy drunk millionaire with everything he could want, a manor, a butler Hobson (Oscar and Golden Globe, and BAFTA nominated Sir John Gielgud) and lots of splashes. He will inherit $ 750 million if he marries the daughter of colleague Burt Johnson (Stephen Elliott), the women he and his family have chosen, Susan (Jill Eikenberry). But instead, Arthur finds himself for Queen's waitress Linda Marolla (Golden Globe nominated Liza Minnelli), who of course threatens the legacy and 3/4 of his family's happiness from Father Stanford (Thomas Barbour) and Aunt Martha (Geraldine Fitzgerald). After Hobson's death, Arthur on the wedding day does not lift the family's wishes, but Aunt Martha still gives Arthur the legacy of living happily ever after with true love Linda. Also starring Ted Ross as Bitterman, Barney Martin as Ralph Marolla, Anne De Salvo as Gloria - Hooker, Maurice Copeland as Uncle Peter Bach, Justine Johnston as Aunt Pearl Bach, Florence Tarlow as Mrs. Nesbitt, Marcella Lowery as Harriet - Martha's Maid, John Bentley as Perry and Peter Evans as Preston Langley - Party Guest. Moore is wonderfully fun and a little off the beaten track as the almost full-time millionaire Minnelli likes as the woman he loves, and Gielgud, of course, makes a fantastic Oscar-winning impression as Moore's humorous humble sarcastic servant, a great scrubbing comedy. It won the Oscar for Best Song for "Arthur's Theme (The Best You Can Do)" (it also won the Golden Globe) (it was number 79 in 100 years, 100 songs) and it was nominated Best Writing, Screenplay Written Directly To The Screen It was nominated for the BAFTA Anthony Asquith Award for Burt Bacharach Film Music and won the Golden Globe for Best Motion Picture - Comedy / Musical. Sir John Gielgud was number 35 on the 50 largest British actors, and the film was number 53 in 100 years, 100 laughs. Very good!
