Arthur has always been a personal movie for me for two reasons. A good friend of mine who worked on the movie as an extra and to help the horses during the stable scene recently passed away. If you look quickly, you can see Frank Graham under the restaurant scene in the background while Dudley Moore and Jill Eikenberry are in conversation. Frank was a master rider and will be missed by anyone who knew him. <br /> <br /> Secondly, I actually knew Arthur Bach's real life. He was not quite as wealthy as Arthur, but spent a total of 47 years of his life as a child. His parents immediately checked his purse strings, but his rental and utility was paid in a basement apartment in Greenwich Village. He spent a great deal of his time getting drunk on various spirits and making a public play by himself, just as Dudley Moore does. <br /> <br /> Wondering with Arthur is why anyone would not disturb him wealth. But that's the other half of the equation. My friend was a most charming person when you got to know him. In fact, it was almost a compulsion to be charming. He could not buy a newspaper or magazine without trying to establish a certain relationship with the seller. He spent his life as a perfect party guest. The term waste that was in common use in the 19th century would apply to him. <br /> <br /> And that's what Dudley Moore is, a waste. Unlike my friend, Moore John Gielgud has to clean up after him. It's a full-time job that we see demonstrated in Arthur. My friend also never found a Liza Minnelli, a man Liza Minnelli actually because he was gay. Still, Moore's depiction of Arthur Bach is deadly accurate and so true to me. Arthur, 20th century waste, is forced to marry another trust fund child in Jill Eikenberry. Since he does not want to work to live, the threat of being cut off is right for him. He has only played his butler Hobson by John Gielgud and driver Bitterman played by Ted Post to pour out his problems. We should all have such problems. John Gielgud in his almost centuries life probably seemed better work than in Arthur's film, and in fact, Gielgud is more prominent for his stage performances. Nevertheless, 1981 was an emotional year at the Academy. The Academy essentially gave Henry Fonda and Katharine Hepburn Oscars to On Golden Pond and Gielgud Best Supporting Actor Award for the life of a life. That man was amazing, still on his craft almost to the end. <br /> <br /> So to Frank Graham, who worked in the movie and to Jackie Weiss, a real reality Arthur, I dedicate this review.
