1928 is in many ways a "lost year" in motion pictures. Like some of the finest movies in the silent era were made in each genre, sound came in, and while reaping huge profits at the cashier's office, the film making film became about five years old when the film industry struggled with the new technology. <br /> <br /> "Show People" is one of the big silent comedies. The film shows that William Haines had comic skills in addition to his usual formula of the unpleasant overconfident guy who turns everyone against him, learns his lesson, and redeems himself by winning the football game, polo game, etc. This movie also shows A to illustrate that Marion Davies was not Susan Alexander Kane. She had excellent comic instincts and timing. This movie starts as the Beverly Hillbillies-like adventure of Peggy Pepper (Marion Davies) and her father, General Marmaduke Oldfish Pepper, fresh from the old south. General Pepper has decided that he will release some lucky film studios to his daughter as an actress. While at the study commissioner, Peppers runs into Billy Boone (William Haines), a slapstick comedian. He gets Peggy into a play. She is unhappy when she finds out that it is slapstick, but she sticks. Eventually she is discovered by a large studio and she and Billy in a way when she begins to play dramatic roles. Soon, the newfound fame comes to her head, and she is losing her publicity and winning a royal title when she decides to marry her new leading man, whom she doesn't really love unless fate is somehow going pieces. <Br /> <br /> One of the things that MGM often does in his late-era-era films and in his early audio-film is about how filmmaking was made at MGM circa 1930. This film is one of Those we get Charlie Chaplin trying to get Peggy's autograph, an abundance of cameos by MGM players of that time, including director King Vidor himself and even a como of Marion Davies as Peggy sees Marion Davies as Marion Davies coming to work at the party . Peggy grimaces and mentions that she doesn't care about her. Really a joy from start to finish, this is a silent one that is definitely worth it. This is one of the movies I also recommend that you use to introduce people to the art of silence production, as it is very accessible.
