This 1981 comedy still sparkles thanks to the combined effort of author / director Steve Gordon and stars Dudley Moore and John Gielgud. Unfortunately, Gordon died only in his early eighties, soon after completing this, his only feature film. It is a particularly unfortunate loss, as he shows a really handful of character-driven farce that makes the whole movie irresistible. It plays almost like a 1930-inch screw-basketball comedy, upgraded to today's taste. The pastor is centered on Arthur Bach, a drunken little millionaire playboy who risks losing his $ 750 million heritage if he does not marry the dowdy and boring Susan Johnson, an heirs handpicked by his old money dad and stupid grandmother . Of course he doesn't love her, and by chance he walks into Linda Marolla, a working class waitress (and of course, aspiring actress), after choosing a Bergdorf Goodman tie for her father. <br /> <br /> The standard complications work, but in a most inviting way with lots of alcohol-burned slapsticks made with classic élan by Moore. The fact that he does such a pampered character resembles not only a credit for his comedic talents, but also for the gulgud's swept, acidic ride as Hobson, Arthur's devoted but reality-based servant. It's the type of role he could play in his sleep, but Gielgud makes Hobson such a truly memorable character that his fate in the movie gives a welcome injection of poignancy into the case. In probably her most gracious movie role, Liza Minnelli handles the image for her male co-stars by toning down his usual razzle-dazzling personality and making Linda quite real in motivation. <br /> <br /> A pre-LA Law "Jill Eikenberry plays Susan at the right passive aggressive note while Barney Martin (Jerry's father at" Seinfeld ") steals all his scenes as Linda's dull father Ralph. in the ointment is veteran actress Geraldine Fitzgerald, who exaggerates the grandmother's eccentricities, and I have to admit that I still cannot be the very dated, overplayed Christopher Cross song that inevitably won the Oscar for that year's best song. who absolutely need remastering, no extra worth noting except some photos and production notes.
