I had seen Marion Davies in a couple of movies and really couldn't understand her appeal. She couldn't dance for peanuts, she didn't try to sing and for her plays - she seemed in trance. But I hadn't seen her quiet comedies, and this movie is wonderful. Instead of fooling her own image as suggested here, it seems to me to be a satire on Gloria Swanson, who started in slapstick comedies, continued with very emotional women's images and ended up marrying a count. Marion, a topmimic, also made a fun rabbit imitation when she wanted to be considered grand, it was Gloria Swanson on! <br /> <br /> Colonel Pepper (Dell Henderson) has motorized all the way from Georgia to Hollywood, determined to prove that his daughter, Peggy, (Marion Davies) is the biggest star ever. Their hope falls and they are down to their last 40 cents when meeting Billy Boone (William Haines) working on slapstick studios and promising to get Peggy a job. Peggy thinks she's a great dramatic actress, but the studio thinks she's a great cartoon. They convince her to make the movie and on the preview she is a great success. Charlie Chaplin asks for her autograph, but she doesn't recognize him and treats him quite rudely. "Who was the little little guy" - when she finds out she fails !!! Peggy and Billy get a call from High Art Studio, but only Peggy is wanted and suddenly she's on her way. There is a fun scene where she sees a star she doesn't think much about - it's Marion Davies !!! <br /> <br /> She finally gets a chance to be a dramatic actress - but she can't cry! !! It's a fun scene as the instructor tries everything to make her cry, and when he succeeds, she can't stop !!! Her new leading man, Andre (Paul Ralli) convinces her to forget her comedy past and become elite and sophisticated - she even adopts a new name - Patricia Pepoire !!! She also seems to have forgotten Billy and her father - she has developed a "STAR" personality !!! When the slapstick study chooses the same place as the "Patricia's" movie, Billy is thrilled to see her, but completely unprepared for her snobbish attitude. When she calls him a cheap clown, he realizes that she is not the girl he once knew. <br /> <br /> After a study lunch (a magnificent panning shot of some of the greatest stars of the day) "Patricia" gets a call from the woods. It seems that her movie is a flop and no theaters want to order them - the public is tired of her mannerisms and wants old Peggy back. She and Andre decide to get married, she dreams of being a Countess (although Billy says Andre used to serve him spaghetti in a small cafe downtown and no longer is a count than he is). On her wedding day, Billy visits, and after a hilarious vanilla meal, she understands that Billy is the only one for her. It was great to see all the guest stars - John Gilbert is seen through MGM gates, Lew Cody speaks to Elinor Glynn, who not only wrote "It" but several healthy romances made for MGM movies. William Haines, another actor whose film I had always wanted to see was great - especially in the cafeteria scene, he had a wonderful comic timing. Harry Gribbon was hilarious as a comedian - there were so many fun scenes in this movie, and Marion was at the top of all of them. I give this movie 10 out of 10. Very, highly recommended.
