8 Simple Rules for Dating My teenage daughter had a promising start. The highly talented Tom Shadyac was involved in the project. This meant that the comedy would not be any less spectacular, and that is exactly what happened: the show remains one of the freshest, funniest and most wittiest shows ever made. Every line, facial expression, casting choice, scene, all exclaimed of perfection. There wasn't an episode after which I thought, "Man who wasn't as good as the rest." Every one was a standout. Again, it's the kind of perfectionism we've expected from Tom. For those who do not know, Tom Shadyac is director of Ace Ventura (first film), The Nutty Professor (first) and Liar Liar. Completely summary. He is a producer here, not a director, but his magic touch is felt in every episode. The family consists of: The Father: Paul Hennessy (John Ritter): Nice, slightly neurotic, may be a pushover from time to time working as a sports writer. Unfortunately, John left in 2003 and left a dull memory and almost safe cancellation considerations for the suites. <br /> <br /> Mother: Cate (Katey Sagal): Come on, who did not fall in love with Katey when she played Peg on married to children? Al Bundy was our hero. We viewers gave him the respect and love he never had. But without Peg's nonchalant, parasitic, lazy lifestyle, Al would probably only be another Chicago father instead of the mess that Peg (life, actually) made him be. Katey was a MILF back then and still is: a brown now (instead of a redhead) and just as boxy as ever. Cate is the conservative mother and loving wife. I know it sounds boring, but she's perfectly comedic. <br /> <br /> The Ditzy Blonde Daughter: Bridget (the play to perfection of Kaley Cuoco): almost never has an idiot been played so well. Apart from Gob's arrested development, Bridget can be a shoe at any price given to this archetype. Bridget is low, self-centered, not very bright and slightly dull in appearance. She plays the stupid blonde role better than absolutely any IMO. Perfection. One of the highest points in the show. The overlooked geeky daughter: Kerry (Amy Davidson): a brown and a nerd, she gets no love from life or circumstances. Feels overlooked, undervalued and neglected most of the time. She is Bridget's younger sister (in fact she is older than her) and the two opposite personalities and brains cause endless clashes, too much of our entertainment. The son: Rory (Martin Spanjers): was the second funniest character IMO before passing Ritter, so John passes by, new characters come, and Rory is not the clever crackling verbal problematic man he used to: it mainly went to David Spades character. <br /> <br /> These characters were the most important at the time of John Ritter. Unfortunately, the insanely hilarious Larry Miller (one of my favorites) didn't get a lot of screen time. He played Paul's colleague / competitor. After an aortic dissection, Ritter cost his life in 2003 (September 11), the show was for a while. No one thought it could come back, but it did so later with a few new additions. This began in the second phase of the show, and the new characters were: <br /> <br /> The strict, confident school leader: Ed (Adam Arkin): I saw Adam here and there on talk shows. It was the first time I saw him do anything. Impressed is the word I use. His performance was very impressive. Unfortunately, he was not brought in earlier. He also plays Cates' potential love interest after Paul passes. The gradual progress towards this point (which would have sounded crazy in the beginning) serves the creators a lot of praise. It was made slowly, carefully and brilliantly, with constant respect paid to Paul (Ritter). Attitude Grandfather: Jim Egan (James Garner): A surprisingly welcome addition to the series, he was the cannon fodder for endless 'old' jokes, mainly by ... The 35-year-old unemployed wise-cracking half-brother of the mother: CJ (the game is crazy funny heights of David Spade): I knew that Spade was fun, I didn't know he was THIS fun. Somehow, Spade's very well-known presence is the subject of his character (as opposed to a distinct character), which is understandable as he is a comic book and he is on a comedy show. This eerie feeling is a bit like seeing someone borrow lots of material from David Spade's appearances in movies, speech shows and functions (awards, etc.) And deliver a fantastic imitation of Spade's voice and comedy style, except that it is Spade. So, I mean, you're aware that he's not trying to play another or a completely new character: he's the greasy, fun spade we've come to know, and he takes this pleasantly humorous formula to the absolute top . Every line he pronounced, every sarcasm he committed, all classics, literally. The shovel was CRAZY-funny; So, so much fun. The show's humor and drama were both up for after the show was back, but the audience thought "John passed by, it won't be the same anymore". This is understandable given that we are talking about a group of people (American viewers) who gave 'Yes Dear' a free ride, but caused Andy Richter to control the universe to be canceled in no time. As the quality of the show increased, its rating dropped. Soon it was no more, unfortunately. <br /> <br /> And last but not least, I saved the lives of fans of married children. And boy, what a treat was that. I still shake just by remembering it. It's a surprise so good that it would be crazy for me to ruin it, even though I'm lawfully doing it under "spoiler ..." pretext. Suffice it to say that this is something you will never forget. I know I don't want to :-)
