A community pool in Connecticut is the setting for this "under-radar" movie that is charming, fun, entertaining and appealing. Although it won prizes at major film festivals, "The Big Bad Swim" was not released to hordes of theaters throughout America, but was distributed in DVD form and shown in theaters selectively. <br /> <br /> It is unfortunate that "The Big Bad Swim" never had the marketing hype of a Hollywood release, considering how many swallows Hollywood has released this year, like "I know who killed me". "The Big Bad Swim", a really good independent film, has had to swim upstream alone. <br /> <br /> Nevertheless, the actor Paget Brewster in "The Big Bad Swim" is endearing and trustworthy as Amy, the mathematical teacher who is not being dumped and who is not only dumped by her husband But is also losing his job and ending up taking a gamble on a new life. Television soap actor Jeff Branson - who is HOT - plays Noah, the serious, vulnerable swim instructor who goes the extra mile to help his students overcome their fears and discover he can learn from his students. Pretty, sexy Jess Weixler (I just saw her in a bank commercial?) Really plays Jordan, the swimmer-to-be, working two jobs, one like a pole dancer, the other a blackjack dealer. Her character gives the catalyst for change among the ensemble, but is least understandable for the signs because of the lack of "back story" or motivation for why she does what she does. Jordan is young enough to still stay at home with a ubiquitous, video-camera-toting younger brother who spies on her. However, her parents have not been shown to be involved in her life in any way, which seems odd. There is no drunken mother or violent father here to explain why a normal, attractive girl from a Connecticut suburb would choose to be a self-medicating pole dancer who debates for loutish bachelor parties. <br /> <br /> Despite this drawback, "The Big Bad Swim" largely succeeds because it is a happy, good movie. As one might expect, one learned to swim is the metaphor of life. In the end, it is better to jump into both feet and go swimming instead of sitting on the deck because life happens in anyway. Big Bad Swim is a fantastic date movie, a great dorm movie, a great "what haven't I seen" movie, and men like it as well as women.
