I had the pleasure of screening "The Big Bad Swim" at the 2006 New London Film Festival last week. The festival highlights some of the best independent and non-traditional films of the past year. It was my assumption that "The Big Bad Swim" was chosen for screening at this festival for the simple reason that it was shot locally in and around eastern Connecticut. But as the credits began to roll I could only think about how well "The Big Bad Swim" compared to the others highlighted during the festival. By far it topped my list followed by "The Puffy Chair", "Who killed the electric car" and "Transamerica". "The Big Bad Swim" is an engaging, truthful and often-humorous look at several adult education swim class students and their likable yet troubled instructor who has a depth I haven't seen on the screen for a while. Interweaving character development and plot lines stem from something as absurd as adult swimming lessons work in subtle and endearing ways that I found refreshing. The ground does not strike you over the head with a direction; Rather it builds and grows organically at a pace that was spot on. I was never bored. I've never cringed. I never went out of the story on the screen. <br /> <br /> The film's humor is something that "Napoleon Dynamite" meets "Old School". The action of a group of relatively unknown actors was credible, and their dialogue never seemed to be awkward or confused. Of course, not being a multi-million production, the camera shot was not all awe-inspiring and clear but appropriate and well done for the budget. The lighting and recording technique for scenes recorded in the strip club setting was particularly eye-catching because of a more realistic approach than a similar theme scene found in "Closer". I also found shot underwater from the class from the waist down seemed to be as much a portrait of character as a shot from the shoulders up could be. <br /> <br /> I am sure it will be said again and again from many in the independent film industry, but I have to say it: If "The Big Bad Swim" is not downloaded for some kind of distribution, I would very disappointed. "The Big Bad Swim" should be seen. If you have the chance to watch this movie, watch it! Disappointment is impossible!
