Sunday, July 16, 20:00 Castro, San Francisco <br /> <br /> "As a Southern Colonel, your make-up is very Indiana" <br /> <br /> The yammering gossips of Hollywood have been able to sling more than a little mud in Marion Davie's direction over the years. That she had fame handed over to her and was unworthy, is often speculated. Considering the mawkish dramas she so often pressed into, this criticism seems to have some validity. As a comedienne, however, her star shone very brightly. Left to pursue a career in light comedy and slapstick she can rival Mabel Normand. One of her better outings was King Vidor's Show People (1928), who survive and are so widely known because MGM filled it with star cameos. This joyful case accidentally struck what is certainly among the best works of its two stars, Davies and the infamous Joe College Wise Cracker, William Haines. Rumor has it that Show People was loosely based on the life of Gloria Swanson, which began in Sennett's comedies and rose to grand drama (And don't believe she didn't spend the rest of her life reminding everyone!) With von Stroheim, Walsh and DeMille. Coincidentally, the comedy studies used in this movie are the original tombs that Keystone had left the previous year. (Think about who worked there!). Colonel Marmaduke Oldfish Pepper (Dell Henderson) runs his daughter Peggy (Davies) from Georgia to Hollywood to star in the movies. These two countries hicks are unsuspecting feed for incorrigible Billy Boone (Haines), "a custard pie artist ??" who descends on their cafeteria table in a monstrous fun entrance (beware of the noodle), and then helps Peggy land a portion in his next picture. What she thinks is a loud drama turns out to be scrub, but a job is a job, and Billy convinces her. "All stars have to take it on the chin". By the preview, Billy and Peggy encounter Charlie Chaplin, who asks for his autograph! She pushes the little guy aside, and a horrified Billy grabs the book and makes her sign. Chaplin climbs in her car and Billy tells Peggy who shes just snubbed, so of course she fades. It's so much fun, considering Davie's character isn't supposed to recognize this guy! Peggy goes to work at High Art Studios quickly, changes her name to 'Patricia Pepoire' and leaves poor Billy behind. Davies makes a wonderful send-up of a serious actress, with all the premise of fluttering eyelashes and shaking lips. Vidor throws in a parade of stars eating lunch in a long tracking shot (and they all sit with shoulder to shoulder and face the camera!) That includes Polly Moran (who is also sensationally fun to play Davies' girl), Louella Parsons (one of the friendly vampires), Estelle Taylor, Claire Windsor Aileen Pringle, the comedy duo of Karl Dane (with his arm in a sling) and George K. Arthur (pretending to steal the silverware), Leatrice Joy (amused by Arthur's antics) , Renee Adoree, Rod (eating and smoking) La Rocque, Mae Murray, John (in a robe) Gilbert (who also looks to run through the MGM gates early in the picture), Norma (eeeww!) Talmadge (looks bitch and secluded as usually) and Patricia dressed as Marie Antoinette, the sandwich between Douglas Fairbanks (as he does a fun trick) and William S. Hart (protecting her from Doug). Billy enters the High Art crew on the spot when the comedy squad disturbs their recording, with predictably accurate results. Vidor himself works in the last scene as director of Peggy's current production. Also worth noting is Harry Gribbon as Comedy Director making a great cartoon of Eddie Sedgwick, Sidney Bracy as the dramatic instructor who can't make Peggy cry for his screen test and then don't stop her when she does, and Paul Ralli like others, her dramatic love interest and a hilarious fake. When her character tries to 'act' as if Davies is joking at all the horrible dramas she has been forced into and she is brilliant, it does. <br /> <br /> While true, Show People is a hokey satire of the 'good ole days' ten years, it is therefore a very entertaining example of quality work from MGM, Irving Thalberg, and their vast array of unified talent . What a shame so much has been lost. There are also too many examples of great films such as The Patsy (1928), Vidor and Davies' hugely successful comedy from the previous year, dulled in vaulting as they could be seen and enjoyed.
