I had the opportunity to watch this movie twice at the 2006 Moving Picture Festival in Birmingham, Alabama. I enjoyed it so much that I saw it once again when they had an encore screening. <br /> <br /> When I think of the films shown at festivals, I usually expect them to be edgy and offbeat, often with the feeling of a deepened student project. Of course, there is nothing wrong with these types of projects and I enjoy the unique styles of independent films, but sometimes I will see a more general approach to independent filmmaking. By "mainstream" I mean more like a film produced for national publishing - in other words, a movie that you would see in an ordinary cinema. <br /> <br /> Writing, managing, cinematography, casting and acting in this movie are all pro-pro. There is nothing typically independent of this movie. As a leading instructor, I always seek movies that will motivate me to stop replacing and pushing harder to get my career started. This is one of those movies. When I saw The Big Bad Swim, my motivation level was incredible. I felt that my adrenaline had kicked in. The reason I felt this way was because I was so impressed with all aspects of this production. I left the theater enthusiastic and ready to start writing the long marketing project. When a movie makes me feel it, I know it's really good. This is the first feature-length project from Ishai Setton, and I found myself wanting it to be my project. For me it is really rare. <br /> <br /> Watch this movie. It is beautifully shot and straightened, and the casting is excellent. Paget Brewster delivers a very credible and sympathetic performance. She has a quality about her, a charisma that really pulls you in and keeps you focused on her when she is on the screen. She makes you feel like you know her personally as a friend. It's a gift. I think the industry really misses by not utilizing its skills more often. Jeff Branson and Jess Weixler also did first class jobs. I can't say enough good things about The Big Bad Swim. I look forward to future projects from all those involved in the production.
