I wasn't really a big fan of Star Trek until past 2-3 years. Thanks to the advent of Netflix and the distribution of video technologies after 2000, I can begin with all the major Star Trek episodes. For those who don't really look at each episode and know them by heart, through TNG, DS9, Voyager, etc., popular popular consensus will say, "I like The Next Generation" the best. This is because Captain Picard and his crew were fresh when they were first admitted after decades of Star Trek hunger. But to be quiet, I appreciate the creativity of Voyager's episodes more than TNG. Voyager's episodes also evolve over time, unlike TNG. Granted data from TNG is great, but eventually it gets old, but Voyager's doctor - now it's creativity! Instead of making artificial intelligence awkward and jerky, give him the freedom to express himself beyond anything you imagined. Not only is Picardo such a great actor, but the premise of his expansive self-growth, like a doctor, self-realization now, is science fiction at best! Endgame portrays him as a man who is married to an "organic" inventing neuro-implant transceiver for human-machine interface, and even - in the episode before Endgame - obeying the Captain's order and making "human" errors. Unlike DS9, which is blessed with 2 beautiful women from the first episode, Voyager must survive 3 seasons without Jeri Ryan, and I think it is Picardo who carried them with his personality. Of course, the rest of Voyager's throwing chemistry flows without problems, Harry Kim and Tom Paris - very naturally. I love the Tuvoc occasional humor, despite being a volcano. Finally, I'm so glad they got rid of the original female captain - oh, if you're going to see the rare recording - thank God for Kate! She has developed through the 7 years into a highly secure, trustworthy and respectable female captain. What a great job! Thank you Star Trek for making Voyager, I enjoy all episodes, the creative exploration of opportunities, morals and our cosmic reach.
