The last few months I have collected Voyager seasons 4 to 7 on DVD (I only had 1 to 3 on video before, because Kes is my favorite character) and just reached the end. I saw them when they were originally shown on television here in England but had forgotten most of it. Am I happy with the end? I think I am. Of course, as a fan, I'd like to have seen more about what happened to the characters when they came home, but it's back to our imagination. In many ways, "Endgame" responds to Next Gen's "All Good Things ??" Involvement of the crew in the future, but mainly the captain. A new romance that starts in the final (Troi and Worf in Next Gen and Seven of Nine and Chakotay here), resulting in death in the future. I really loved "Endgame", fair to all characters, Neelix appears even though he left the ship two episodes earlier. B'elanna gives birth to her daughter with loving husband Tom. Tuvok is ill, but returning home means he can be cured. Harry has always been the most eager and determined, but admitting the journey is important. The doctor, in the future, is well respected by everyone and finally chooses the name Joe! But of course, the captain has the greatest role to meet his future self, who wants to get the crew home earlier to prevent losses. Borg is involved as they have played a massive part in this period of Voyager. Alice Krige plays Borg Queen again fantastic, only her voice and acting is magnificent. I'm sorry Susanna Thompson, but the TV Borg Queen replaced by the movie Borg Queen. Maybe she wasn't available. The special effects are amazing, the Borg subspace and the Borg queen fall apart! It is very exciting. Especially when they come out of the Borg subspace corridor and say their location is right where they thought they would be after they had said they were going in a corridor leading back to the delta quadrant. And what a wonderful idea to get into a Borg sphere for protection, on the DVD special features, they say it was like the Trojan horse. Voyager could have been on. If it were more popular, they would have stuck with their original idea of ​​the crew realizing that the ship is their home, as in Harry's speech and what Tom said because his wife and child are there. And then they could come home in a movie! <br /> <br /> Overall, Voyager was a little hit and miss. The sixth season seemed to be a good one followed by a less than good one. The two episodes in the holographic Irish village are terrible! My view of seven of nine was that she took over, it was about her, which was not true. When she was first admitted, season 4 was focused on her for many of the episodes, but it capped it. And her character is sometimes brilliant, 20 years as a Borg drone, who rediscovered her humanity. I like her, especially in "Someone to monitor me", "Imperfection" and "Human error". When Naomi Wildman was afraid of her initially but became her friend often on her side, it was nice. Chakotay was my least favorite character. Gone was chemistry with Janeway (will they / will they not?) And you would never think he was the first officer, he was completely pushed aside most of the time. I loved seeing Tom and B'elanna's relationship flourish against the odds. I've always wanted Neelix a lot. Tuvok was sometimes good, especially when he lost his logic, got emotions and was friends with Neelix. Harry was annoying at times, but an okay character at other times. The doctor is probably my favorite and sees how far he comes and comedy situations he creates ("Tinker, Tenor, Doctor, Spy" is amazing!). Janeway is my favorite captain in any series and you can tell that Kate Mulgrew really enjoys it. <br /> <br /> I wish there was more, I love Voyager!
