So every year there is at least one movie that has no chance of being a box office success, because from the production moment, even before a single shot is filmed, everyone chooses this movie ... There is a long list of these kinds movies, and finally some really bad (Battlefield Earth (2000)), some may have their flaws, but it's quite funny (Catwoman (2004), Elektra (2005)) and then there are a few who are actually right good at what they are, but no one admits! I mean, my treasure just because the broad population will have to get a victim every year they can choose not everyone should join. So yeaaah, maybe these movies are not perfect, but get started, how many movies are there? Not all movies should be a new ring master! Not everyone will enjoy these movies, but I bet there is more than who admits they are doing. Hudson Hawk (1991), who is just hysterical fun, Night of Night (1994), who may not be Oscar-worthy, but is definitely not stupid at all tensions with some pretty twists, Swept Away (2002), which I thought is a great mix of sick humor and a beautiful romance, Gigli (2003), which was great entertainment with some truly memorable lines and not at all bad from the former "Bennifer" -Couple, and this year is "Basic Instinct 2"! Well, when I heard rumors of a successor to one of my favorite films, I was very skeptical, and even though I really love Sharon Stone, I remained skeptical until I finally saw this movie. And really, I was very pleasantly surprised! I can't understand why it gets such a bad press and such a bad voice here. It never copies the original, it has a pretty clever story, excitement, action, humor and the amazing Sharon Stone that represents life in her life! With 47 years of filming, she looks warmer than many stars in her 20s, but it's more than her beauty, it looks brilliant with all her looks, her famous smile, the way she speaks and moves from the First she is in, cannot take her eyes off. It's simply a pleasure to see her as Catherine Tramell, and all the other actors also deliver solid performances! So I really can't see what's wrong with this movie ... it has a dark, exciting, sexy and gritty look, strong performances, and you've never felt bored! Perhaps the story is not the Oscar caliber, but it never tries to be! It is an entertainment film, and according to this standard, I think I deliver! So give it a try!
