Finally, after many years of waiting for a new movie to continue the sexual chaos of "Basic Instinct", we've got a great sequel that is filled with the right elements needed for a franchise like this! I remember everything about the original, the steam, the romance, the sex, the interrogation, the music (by master Jerry Goldsmith) and everything else from violence and murder to intense confrontations of all kinds! Don't make a mistake, "Basic Instinct" was a real winner for the audience everywhere. I remember in 2001 when we first got the news of such a successor. Five years later we have it. I would never have thought it would end as such. When it was declared a fallen project, time could probably not tell if it was ever a real opportunity to begin with. Well, we now know that something is possible in this case. Although the original director or writer is not present, all we need is the glamorous, always reliable Sharon Stone, and we have a clear agreement! Please hear me ... <br /> <br /> When people say this movie is bad, I think it's just because the style is extreme and slightly dated. I use the word "dated" only because we haven't seen a particular movie of similar for many years, and the audience has been adapted to the meaningless, boring storytelling seen in other movies that actually make money and the only reason they Doing such large numbers is because these movies are family-friendly. Who needs hole and clean? It is of course a pleasant thing to have, but come on! Escapism is really rare these days, and "Basic Instinct 2" gives us real fans what we expected. This movie is not an Oscar winner, nor is it trying to be. It simply delivers the deadly fans what they have expected. It's a movie for fun. Movies today seem to be too serious, but this movie is just loose and fun, not taking itself seriously, not too serious anyway. That said, I have to evaluate the movie. <br /> <br /> The movie is a fast movie from the first second as we see Cathernine Tremell in a car driving at 110 MPH and enjoying lustful excitement. Perhaps sex and driving do not blend together because our sexy novelist takes a bad turn and ... she gets away unlucky, but her stubborn partner doesn't go too well. Once again, Tremell is the primary suspect of the accident and will be put under analyst and psychiatrists. Dr. Michael Glass (Morrissey) is automatically attracted to her from the first moment he meets her. Like another criminal investigating in front of him, he is involved and seduced, slowly and safely. His denial of it all begins to crumble around him as she only weaves a spell she has the power to do. Tramel may be more dangerous now than she was before, but as the first we will never really know we will? When seduction is in progress, jealousy, rage, drugs and a spooky erotic nature occur! <br /> <br /> This movie does not reuse the first, but rather mentions the previous movie events from time to time. This is a good thing. It lets us as the audience know that the script is written to bring the level up in a notch or two. Sharon Stone dazzles us again, which in 14 years has not come. Her second round of the fraudulent novelist is right on the spot as before. Just fat! David Morrissey is well thrown and manages quite well. The fact that a non-popular star was chosen makes his performance even more enjoyable because we as the audience have no background on him, just what we see him do. My last line of thinking -8,5 to 9 out of 10. So it's not the first one, nor can it live up to the first prize-winning place. However, it can live up to the standards set by the first movie, and so do people! It does.
