It seems fashionable to tear down "Basic Instinct 2" to the point that a significant portion of the audience (including critics) found it terrible even before it was released. It seems even more fashionable that the garbage bin Sharon Stone, like all of us, is now fourteen years older, and unlike most of us, it still looks wonderful. First comment on this movie was so vicious that I had to look for myself. In my opinion, this successor is almost not as good as the original movie, but is not as bad as most comments pretend. Michael Caton-Jones is not Paul Verhoeven, nor is Henry Bean and Leora Barish's Joe Eszterhas. "Basic Instinct 2" is just an entertaining, average thriller, and in addition to the addition of Jerry Goldsmith's original score, it resembles its predecessor. Even Stone gives his character a different dimension that creates a merciless, devilish Catherine Trimell, who can perfectly rank among other monsters like Hannibal Lecter. She is an intelligent actress who is not afraid to take risks and can play with the camp in her spare time. Unfortunately, she seems to be the primary target for those who enjoy throwing this flick. She became too successful, too much of a main icon, and like all the actors who have reached that level, her time has arrived and she is now bound to be destroyed by the Hollywood audience. <br /> <br /> The rest of the cast is excellent, giving performances far better than the material deserves. David Morrissey is a much better actor and far more interesting than Michael Douglas: his acting is flawless and gives a dense and complex dimension to an otherwise one-dimensional character. As he has more screen time and is the film's axis, he can keep your attention from start to finish. <br /> <br /> I do not recommend "Basic Instinct 2" as a fantastic movie; I am merely expressing my disagreement with most of the comments made on this site and my conviction that agendas other than the film itself represent the opinion of most spectators.
