Me and my boyfriend, Annette, saw this together and we will both comment. <br /> <br /> Both of us really enjoyed seeing this even though it took some freedoms with Dicken's work. Many Dickens works are somewhat dark and expensive (including Oliver Twist), but this film changed all that. It was fun, colorful (both visual and musical), and the characters were more light. <br /> <br /> TRAVIS: Normally I don't care about musical and dance music, but the melodies in this production were captivating and lively, and the choreography was amazing. ANNETTE: It really says a lot from Travis. I can't stress enough how good the dance was. For example, you can tell that these boys really worked hard to get the routines to perfection. TRAVIS: Three actors really got out of the IMO; Nancy (Shani W.), Bill Sykes (Oliver Reed) and Artful Dodger (Jack Wild). Man that Oliver Reed can really make a good villain. The one scene where you see his eyes through the post track gave me chills behind ... AWESOME. And the young Jack Wild was a perfect Artful Dodger. And Nancy was amazing (man, I felt bad when she was killed). She can also sing! Kudos to the casting department of their choice there. I hated Oliver Twist kid tho. He was just too whiny and wimpy for my taste. (I opposed Bill Sikes would release him into the mud during the chase scene.) And they shouldn't have had him sing either. ANNETTE: It was truly amazing. Besides the three stars mentioned by Travis, I felt that Ron Moody (Fagin) did a huge job. He was so funny and at the same time a little scary. The support actors were also good. Harry Secombe bore his Mr. Bumble roll extremely well. And he has a wonderful song voice. I saw Mr. Secombe featured in another movie titled "Davy", where he played an opera singer with merry results. The talented Harry Secombe should have been in many more movies. TRAVIS: As I mentioned earlier, the story is not entirely true to the book, but the IMO was more robust. This movie was also not boring, as some musicals seem to be. And the continuity kept you moving right along with the characters. The voices did not detract from the plot or put you to bed by being too long. ANNETTE: Any musical film that Travis looks at completely must be a rare find. And this is actually a rare find. It is a very easy to see production that carries the viewer smoothly and comfortably through to the end. In a day where movies all seem to be effects combined with beautiful faces, this was a refreshing interlude. <br /> <br /> Our overall rating for this was 8.5 out of 10. (We will round up to 9 in this case.). TRAVIS: I rated this a 7 primarily because Oliver Twist kid (Mark L.) annoyed me, and his songs became torture to my hypersensitive ears. Otherwise, it was an excellent movie. <br /> <br /> ANNETTE: My rating is a 10. Film doesn't get much better than this. And you can tell anyone involved in this production really worked hard to do what it was ... a masterpiece. <br /> <br /> Don't miss this ... even if you don't usually like musicals. It really is a rare treat.
