"Wisecracker", the cinema of actress William Haines, gives a gratifying anecdote about the former star as he was over 70 years old and long drawn from film making. The old gent was not sentimental and so rarely on his own films, but in 1972 he was persuaded to attend a Los Angeles Museum's screening of SHOW PEOPLE, the late silent feature in which he starred with Marion Davies. First, Haines was worried that this comedy would provoke the wrong kind of laughter, but he was pleasantly surprised (and undoubtedly relieved) how well it stopped and how much the young audience enjoyed it. Watch the movie today and you can see why: SHOW PEOPLE is a lovely Hollywood satire that retains its charm because it shines its goals with white and flair, yet without evil. It's still fun, and its satirical points are still the subject. The technology for film production has changed dramatically since the silent days, but the self-confidence and folly of the filmmakers have not changed so much. SHOW PEOPLE is also the best surviving work of Marion Davies, a first-class cartoon character who deserves a prominent place in the pantheon of great comedians. Where her career was concerned, Davies was both blessed and cursed by the cartridge of her paramour, the newspaper magnet William Randolph Hearst. It is well known that Hearst had a great influence on Davie's choice of roles, and also known for it, despite his gift of comedy, he preferred to watch her play worthy heroism in period drama dramas. At the end of the 20s, Marion was, for some reason, allowed to stretch his stuff in several bubbly candles (including THE RED MILL and THE PATSY), but SHOW PEOPLE, directed by the great King Vidor, stands as her most comfortable showcase. William Haines gives an engaging and adorable performance as his boyfriend and co-star Billy Boone, but this is the leading lady show all the way. Marion plays Southern Belle Peggy Pepper, a hopeful actress who storms Hollywood accompanied by her father, determined to become a movie star. (Her father Colonel Pepper is played by actor / director Dell Henderson, a veteran of Griffith's cinema drama, who happened to look like Hearst!) One of Marion's funniest bits, often extracted elsewhere, is her audition at Comet Studio casting office. While Dad helpfully suggests emotions to depict ("Sor! Joy!") And falling a handkerchief over her face, Peggy assumes the appropriate expression and posture. She is hired only to find that Comet does low-brow comedies, the kind of comedies where people spray each other with seltzer and inappropriate police tumble over each other for rescue. Of course, Comet is calculated as a start of Mack Sennett's Keystone, but the true nature of satire becomes apparent when the story unfolds. As Peggy Pepper rises in the movie star hierarchy, she leaves Comet for the more prestigious High Art Studio, assuming the name "Patricia Peppoire" as more appropriate to her new life station as a serious actress. At one point, it may seem to us (as it probably did to viewers in 1928) that Davies' rival Gloria Swanson started in Keystone comedies before rising to prominence in serious dramas for Cecil B. DeMille. And as Miss Peppoire takes herself more and more seriously and gives the high hat's treatment to former colleagues as the poor cartoon Billy Boone, Davies' performance takes an element of evil parody that apparently targets Swanson himself. This is especially noteworthy in an interview sequence when Miss Peppoires spokesman plays pretentious nonsense while the star delivers a spot-on imitation of Swanson. I suppose this was supposed to be a friendly spoof, but I have to wonder how friendly relations were between Gloria and Marion after this movie was released. <br /> <br /> In any case, SHOW PEOPLE is a delicious treat for buffs, who will enjoy the parade of star cameos all the way through. Charlie Chaplin contributes with a good bit, sense makeup and looks quite prominent, eagerly seeking Patricia Peppoire's autograph! (And in a show of good sportsmanship, Marion Davies puts himself in a smashing cameo look, the evening rush to joke fun at Swanson by poker fun for himself.) This is a silent movie that viewers who are not specially adapted to the sound, can appreciate, at least the viewers with a taste for film about the film industry. SHOW PEOPLE are definitely associated with classics such as SUNSET BOULEVARD and SINGIN 'IN THE RAIN, among Hollywood's most professionally produced, fun exercises in entertaining self-research.
