As a child I always hated being forced to sit through musicals. I never understood why people would break into the song like that, and I was too young to appreciate the artwork (choreography, set design, costumes, pacing) behind it all. Carol Reed is "Oliver!" was the one musical I remember strangely enjoying as a child, probably because it is one of the darker ones and is appropriately soaked in the Dickensian squalor's spirit. This is a musical about ghetto life in Victorian London, and while the stage and set of designs are sharp, dark and true to the way of life, it is flat out bizarre for people to break out in such ridiculous songs amid their misery. After a recent show, my first since childhood, I have some new thoughts and insights into why this musical "work" in the bizarre breaks into song kind and why most just don't do it for me. <Br /> <br /> When musicals work or really say something, it is because they realize their own inherent alienity. Lars von Trier's "Dancer in the Dark" as tragic and operative and surpassed as it was, served as a musical, because the songs were the products of the protagonist's imagination, an immigrant obsessed with Hollywood musicals. Likewise, the very cynical and enjoyable "Chicago" worked at a similar level because the musical figures were the products of a homicidal ingenue singer / dancer. Musicals do not work when they take their own musical nature too seriously (as in "Moulin Rouge") or are simply too much fluff about nothing (that is, something meaningless as "Mary Poppins"). By viewing "Oliver!" For the first time as an adult I saw it in a new light. Told mostly young Oliver, I saw musical numbers as the products of his childhood imagination and his way of coping with the horrors of ghetto life around him. The best musical number was probably when Nancy got everyone in the inn to sign and dance about the joy of being drunk (as a cover to help poor Oliver escape the evil Bill Sykes links). It was unthinkable prison and sounded like a real pub tune that drunks might start singing around a piano. There are other fantastic and classic tunes to be heard here, and the direction and appearance of the leaders to the dance trees is all in the top. <br /> <br /> Still for all its gloom (though it has a happy at least ending in Oliver, though it certainly did not succeed, things did succeed for Nancy, and unless you think a street life is a pick pocket, is fun, it wasn't necessarily a good ending to Fagin or Dodger, despite their peppy closing tune) I wouldn't really classify this as a family movie, although I don't seem to show it to children over the age of seven or eight will do any harm. This is a hard story about an unfortunate orphan trying to survive on the street and find some happiness. I think it would be very interesting to see a modern update on this, how perhaps a revisionist takes on what people on the streets of Compton break into happy songs about their terrible lives. I'd like to see a hard-edged hip-hop version of "Oliver!" I always thought Dickens would translate well in these respects. As it says, "Oliver!" was probably the last of the great movie musicians and perhaps the strangest G-rated movie I've ever seen.
