The great cinematic musicals were made between 1950 and 1970. This twenty year-olds can rightly be marked with "Golden Era" by the genre. There were musicals ahead of it, and there have been musicals since ... but the true classics always seem to have been made in that period. Singin 'in the rain, an American in Paris, the bandwagon, seven brides to seven brothers, Oklahoma, southern Pacific, the king and I and many others are high for so many beloved products of the age. Perhaps the last great musical of "Golden Era" is Carol Reed in 1968 "Oliver". This lively musical music is freely adapted to Dickens' novel and is a film version of a successful stage production. It's a grand movie, winner of six Oscars, including the Best Picture award. Orphan Oliver Twist (Mark Lester) lives a miserable existence in a workshop, his mother having dead moments after giving birth to him. After an event a meal time, he has started out of the workshop and ends up being employed in a funeral room. But Oliver does not sit very well in his new job and escapes after a few restless days. He makes the long journey to London, where he hopes to seek his fortune. Oliver is taken under the wing of a cushion called Artful Dodger (Jack Wild), who again works for Fagin (Ron Moody), an older villain in charge of a gang of thefts. Despite the illegal nature of the job, Oliver finds good friends among his new "family". He also makes the acquaintance of Nancy (Shani Wallis), boyfriend of the cruel and most feared thieves of all of them, the threatening Bill Sikes (Oliver Reed). After many adventures, Oliver discovers his true ancestors and finds out that he is actually from a rich and charitable background. But his chances of being reunited with his real family are threatened when Bill Sikes powerfully exploits Oliver, making him accomplice in some particularly risky and ambitious robberies. "Oliver" is an excellent overall movie that is constantly pleasing to the eye and excellently acted by its talented cast. Moody recreates her stage role with great enlistment, stealing the film from the youth with her energetic performance as Fagin. Lester and Wild also do well as the young pickpockets, while Wallis enthusiastically cools out the Nancy role and Reed creates real fragility as Sikes. The musical tracks are staged with incredible precision and sense of acting - Onna White's Oscar-winning choreography helps make the song and dance sets so memorable, but the lively artists and the knowledgeable direction of Carol Reed also play their part. The unforgettable melodies include "Food Glorious Food", "Consider Yourself", "You Have to Choose a Pocket or Two", "I Would Do Something" and "Oom-Pah-Pah" - All Extremely Catchy Songs, Released via very well composed sequences. The movie is a thoroughly entertaining experience and never really loses speed over its 153 minute duration. Sit back and enjoy it!
