Almost too good ... "John Carpenter's Vampires" was entertaining, a solid piece of popcorn entertainment with a budget that was small enough not to be overrun by special effects. And of course, you are aiming at "From Dusk To Dawn" -audience. "Vampires: Los Muertos" are trying the same with a rock star Jon Bon Jovi, who plays one of the protagonists, but almost does it well ...: I haven't seen Jon Bon Jovi in ​​any other movie so I can't Compare his performance in "Vampires: Los Muertos" to his other roles, but I was really surprised at his good performance. After the movie started he convinced me not to expect him to grab any guitar and play "The" my life "or something, but kill the vampires, show no mercy and do a job to do. the audience (also me) thought enough: "... just because he is a rockstar ..." Of course, Bon Jovi is not James Woods, but to be honest: It could have been much worse and in my opinion Bon did Jovi a very good performance The Vampire lesson played by Arly Jover is not the leather-clad killer machine of a vampire leader we met in Part 1 (or similarly in "Ghosts of Mars"). Jover plays the Vampire very seductively and much sexy and moving as lightly as a cat and attacking as fast as a snake and dressed in thin, light, almost transparent very erotic cloth, and even the optical effects supporting her kind of movement are very suitable. But the director is in some parts of the movie, just avoid turning the movie from an action horror movie into a sensitive horrormovie like Murnau's "Nosferatu". You can almost see the instructor's temptation to make a movie with a very personal note and different from the original. This is the real strength of the movie and, at the same time, its weakest point: The audience celebrates the fun carnage of the first movie expected yet another pure fun carnage for the second time and may be a little disappointed. Don't Mistake: "Vampires: Los Muertos" is a fun carnage, but it's just not all that kind of movie. Just think of the massacre in the bar in relation to the scene where the vampire tries to seduce Zoey in the ruins: the bar-massacre is what you expect from American popcorn entertainment, the seductive-Zoey-in-the-ruins scene is almost European similar cinema (the film is eager to tell us more about the relationship between Zoey and the vampire, but refuses to reply at the same time. Because it would have slowed the action? the audience showed a vampire with a human past, a now suffering being and not just an animal who just beats anyone). And that's the point for me that determines whether the movie is accepted by the audience of the original movie or not. And also: Is "From Dusk To Dawn" really like this? I'm not sure about that. Nevertheless, Tommy Lee Wallace did a really good job, "Vampires: Los Muertos" is surprisingly good. But I also seem to control a sequel of a popcorn movie. Wallace is sometimes almost too creative, too expressive. Just as he refrains from developing his talent to satisfy audience expectations. In my opinion, Wallace's talent fills the movie with life, and it can sometimes suck it out at the same time. "Vampires: Los Muertos" are almost too well done. (I give it 7 out of 10)
