In Frank Sinatra's first three films, he was exclusively a specialty: apparently he plays, he just shows to crown a song during a nightclub sequence in another's movie. In his fourth film, the very pleasant 'Higher and Higher', Young Blue Eyes surpasses a acting career by playing a real role ... a task made easier because he plays in a fictional story that allows him to crown a few numbers. <br /> <br /> Sinatra's entrance is quite fun. Michele Morgan hears a knock on the door and asks who is there. From outside, a Hoboken toned voice responds to 'Frank Sinatra'. Sure enough ... The opening credits "Higher and Higher" can confuse some viewers as the names of songwriters Rodgers and Hart are prominently displayed. In fact, they have only contributed a song to this musical: "Disgustingly Rich", which this caste manages to throw as a kind of intro to a completely different song, "I'm a Debutante". Interestingly, Rodgers & Hart's song - one of their weakest - may be the funniest song in this movie's score; several others are lively up-tempo tracks, especially 'It's an important affair', 'When it comes to love, you are alone' and 'I saw you first'. <br /> <br /> Sinatra's good in this movie, but he would do better work (and sing better material) elsewhere. The real benefits of 'Higher and Higher' are the lovely oscillations of some artists who rarely made films. Paul and Grace Hartman were an extremely popular man-wife dance team, who featured in several Broadway revues: truly graceful ballroom dancers, they put lots of physical comedy into their dance material. (Grace Hartman, who died of cancer at the age of 48, made almost no movie, so it is a great pleasure that this movie gives us rare opportunities to see her close-up, to hear her beautiful voice and to see how sexy she is looks in her girl's uniform. After Grace Hartman's death, her husband had a long career as a character actor, just occasionally dancing solo. (Or with Ken Berry in a memorable episode of Mayberry RFD.) <br /> <br /> Also pretty attractive In a girl uniform here in 'Higher and Higher' is the lively teenage singer Marcy McGuire, why didn't this talented girl do more movies? Perhaps she was just too similar in personality to Betty Hutton. I enjoy Hutton's performances, but I can Like Marcy McGuire even better, at the end of 'Higher and Higher' there is an entertaining bit of physical business with McGuire and Mary Wickes as waitresses, moving from table to table in a nightclub. e changing progress with short McGuire and tall Gawky Wickes are fun! Although Leon Errol plays a major role in "Higher and Higher", he unfortunately gets almost no comedy industry. Not once does he make his famous rubber bed dance. Jack Haley despite his prominent billing is also wasted. <br /> <br /> Very well represented here is Dooley Wilson, who is inevitably remembered as Sam from 'Casablanca'. In that movie, Wilson made his own song, but faxed his keyboard performance to 'As Time Goes By'. (In fact, Wilson couldn't play the piano.) Here in 'Higher and Higher' he sings joyfully and gives some funny reactions to the other players. Less enjoyable is Mel Odious, I mean Mel Torme. Victor Borge gives a rare movie performance here, handles his dialogue in a rich way, but never does any of the keyboard comedies, which he later did successfully in his stage program. <br /> <br /> The reason? Forget it. "Higher and Higher" is no idea of ​​a "great" musical, but it is an enjoyable joy, and I will rate it 8 out of 10. Director Tim Whelan, who worked in the UK as well as in Hollywood, deserves to be much better known.
