I imagine the Victorian literature slowly sinking into the bog in the ever-distant past pulled down by its sub-parts. Along the television comes: at best it has a redemptive power, and with dramatizations like those the BBC produces so well, Victorian literature gets a new staff in life. The religious themes, the moral overtones, can become more and more sick in a world, no longer easily shocked and familiar with cohabitation, affair and domestic violence. But the ancient famous stories have enduring power, and this is a hidden gem. It's hard to measure today how powerful, feminist and extraordinary Ann Bronte masterpiece, "Tenant of Wildfell Hall", was actually. Emerging from the primary slime of restrictive corsets ?? bodily, mental, social ?? Her heroine Helen Huntingdon escapes a miserable marriage, escapes brutality and alcoholism, not only against the rage of her violent husband, but the shattered intolerance and malicious gossip of society in her life. She pays a price; but retains its self-respect; she falls in love along the way; she shows up, but victory and strong. I just love to see women like these on the screen. <br /> <br /> The actors are amazing ?? the best brits have to offer. The love story is handled beautifully, with true passion and feeling of well-tuned actors. Tara Fitzgerald inhabits every aspect of the complicated heroine, and as has been said by other reviewers, no less sharply defined and beautiful, a face could survive the terrible hairstyle. Toby Stephens, striking sparks of her, only contributes to the right combination of headline, beautiful youth, and passionate, long-suffering. Rupert Graves (one of my favorite British actors ever) enjoys himself as the charismatic villain (so much so that you're almost with him at the end. No one is perfect). The supportive caste creates a world that you sink without noticing that serious compromises have been made for modern tastes and without having been preached. Another BBC classic, highly recommended: How to romanticize literature.
