Spoilers ..... <br /> <br /> I once saw the original on television and remembered this production as less poignant than most Beeb costume drama. I rewatched DVD this week and still have the same impression. It is a good story first, but weakened when the heroine becomes oh so terribly terrible and noble and returns to his bad man when he is sick, and I became so completely annoyed with her holiness. I suppose that was the right thing to do when the story was written as well as contributing a lot of anxiety, and it was difficult for a woman to be independent of her husband as marriage made her no more than his possession, let alone continue outrageously with a lover as I expect many of the modern audiences would have liked to have seen. But it is difficult to take santimoniousness today and especially when this heroine had a strong, brave admirer ready to defend her against everyone and everyone. Then the story as in the movie is ambiguous. It is well done according to the novel, but somewhat annoying in relation to today's life. <br /> <br /> Stable Hero Gilbert was definitely a saint to familiarize himself with his ladylove's variable and often cryptic behavior and persistent self-denial and persistent self-denial and to be so consistently supportive. So I thought it was a shame that when Helen finally was free to be with him, the script didn't give him more than a minute to hit each other for a quick hug before the titles came up. It was quite ridiculous when we had been waiting all the time for everything that was drinking the mood of the unwanted man for a decent bit of dialogue and a good thought between hero and hero. Instead, the ending was as if the filmmakers had run out of time or financed or just couldn't be bothered. "Here you are - one minute, do what you can in it, so cut as the director wants to go home now ....." I was left feeling completely dissatisfied. <br /> <br /> But very high prizes to be performed by Toby Stephens a perfect and very nice hero, and Rupert Graves is an extremely unpleasant and self-pity villain. Tara Fitzgerald was satisfactory within the framework of the manuscript, which forced her to be a depressing and rather sacred victim of so much of the time. <br /> <br /> That said, I love these classic dramas, and pretty much everyone is a sight better than much of the "modern" drama on television these days. So 7 stars because, despite the irritations, it's still a good watch.
