The man from the Snowy River II does not reinvent the wheel, but is a beautifully beautiful film that hits some beautiful notes. For those fans who want the elements that made the original man from Snowy River movies a hit (breathtaking scenery, sweeping score, sweet romance and cracking action) this movie really delivers. This story picks up a couple of years from the end of the first, Jim (Tom Burlinson) has been gathering his fortune in a stockhound horse. He returns to retrieve where he relaxes with his picked, well-bred girlfriend Jessica (played by the divine lady Sigrid Thornton from Aussie), who is still trying to break out of her corsetry upbringing at her feather cattle station (Harrison is now playing American Brian Dennehy). The foil of Jim and the character shaking the plot is the well-attended top class snob Alistair Patton (Nicholas Eadie) who has his sights on Jessica. Add to the mix some social tensions around the landscapes and the stallion with a bad attitude from the first movie and that is the plot. The best thing about this movie is the actor. Tom Burlinson fits tightly into Jim's broad white hat and laconic humor. Sigrid Thornton is a lovely heroine and the two control some real chemistry on the screen. Filling the Kirk Douglas solid shoes never came to be easy, and Brian Dennehy stumps and shouts, but never feels very authentic in this part. The music is sweeping and lush, and the cinematography can be a roll from a tourism in victoria tourism There is, however, a moment that feels very self-righteous, just as the director just wants a helicopter shot of the riders to show how beautiful the scenery is without something personal human drama. A little more gravel would have been enough here, we are Aussie, we can take it !! There are some very JAWSish moments with the stallion who speak faith. But the funny thing about this movie is that among some clear clichés there are some really inventive and touching scenes. Jim puts the saddle on the stallion (VERY Horses Whisperish before his time) Jim and Jessica take home the amazing scene where Jim shows Alistair's riding with his faithful whip. I can see why this character is such an icon. <br /> <br /> All in all, a very pleasant sequel. Here everyone hopes to want to do another. The Man From Snowy River III: The CRAIGS. I'm sure we all love to see how Jim and Jessica do on their farm. <br /> <br /> The Aussie DVD has a few extra scenes in it. Well worth it if you're already a fan.
