"Creep" is a new horror movie that will undoubtedly delight many genre fans simply because it is so accurate and rude! It has many genuine shock moments, a lot of repulsive gore sequences and a rare claustrophobic tension. What it doesn't have is logic and a solid plot, but to tell you the truth, it didn't disturb me for a second. While the final credits are beginning to roll, there are still many unanswered questions to consider, but director / author Christopher Smith (in his debut) seems to prefer fully focusing on excitement and adrenaline rushing instead of long soporitic speeches and theories could explain existence. of "creep" in London subway. The story is about the young and haughty Kate who leaves her own party to meet the famous actor George Clooney who is in town to present her new movie. She falls asleep in the subway, misses the last train, and she finds herself trapped in the underground subway. Things get really scary when she encounters a nasty violence that lives in the old tunnels and kills / kidnaps people to experiment. Even experienced homeless, security guards or sewage workers cannot rescue her from this ravish monster! I have really dug creep character! He is nauseating, hefty and primitive, but in a strange way fascinating. Christopher Smith only leaves us clues and hints, and it is only up to the viewer to guess the origin and background of this wilderness. I expect this is not very original and I am sure that many people will not appreciate the lack of content, but I forgive Smith and I think it is better this way than going over the top "The Jeepers Creepers" style of that movie also started well, but as soon as the creeper's identity was clear, it became a very mediocre horror effort. The obvious aspect-to-love is the outrageous gore! There is some serious slaughterhouse in this movie, and make-up, as well as the sound effects, are very convincing. The outrageous setting of the abandoned London metro at night is used effectively. There are also some actresses in this movie, with Franka Potenta (Run Lola Run) returning to graphic horror nearly five years after the cool German film "Anatomy". Creep is great entertainment when you're in an uncomfortable mood, and Christopher Smith is definitely a director I'm watching. Make sure you don't have to take the metro just after watching this movie ...
