Emory is a Cincinatti steel worker as his father before him, and for most of the 20th century, the two pillars of his family's existence have been the steelworks and association. The mill, which once employed 45,000, has seen its numbers down to 5,000 recently and now 1, as the plant just closes the doors and leaves a single security guard. Initially, newly-vacant Emory and his friends enjoy their independence, hang around the city and roam their favorite bar, submerging "in-depth" costs with ruthless task. They believe that the mill will reopen after listening to their union's optimistic game, but the reality begins to sink when they find themselves selling their personal vehicles in a fight to put food on the table and stave off their foreclosure. home. Emory's father - a dedicated professional - is sure that the plant re-opens and reminds of his son all the short-term closures in his own 35 years at the mill. Meanwhile, some of the unemployed men are taking down jobs for work or hopping in their trucks and are desperately demanding employment. <br /> <br /> Finally, the union admits its helplessness, as Emory explains to his stubborn father, that times have changed and that the mill will never open again. Emory tears ask "What did I do wrong?" As a lifetime of hard work and devotion to jobs, association, church and family have left him with nothing and nowhere to turn. He hits the rock bottom when he, in a drunken rage, handles his young sons and knocks his wife to the floor. Thrown out of his own home and the plug from the plant leader's remarks that he and his men were not working hard enough to justify their substantial payslips, Emory recruits the steelworkers who are still back in the city to do something that will demonstrate for everything they are able to. Early in the morning they break into the mill, burn up the stove and work harder than they ever have in their lives, and produce enough high-quality steel pipes to fill the loading ports from wall to wall, top to bottom - something the plant manager's thought was impossible . <br /> <br /> Arriving at the suddenly reopened plant, the stupefied manager looks around him at the huge production that came from a single day's work, realizing that production like this could make the plant profitable again. The leader asks Emory: "Can you do it every day?" Emory has to nod "No" and the manager asks, "So what were you trying to prove?" Emory explains that the workers' decades of hard work, honesty and devotion to their jobs were important and that by showing how much they could produce in one day "We just spit in your eye." Emory offers a tearful farewell to his wife and children as he leaves with his friends to seek work south, promising to move the family when he finds it. <br /> <br /> This is a powerful and honest treatment of the situation of US workers displaced by foreign competition and gives a realistic picture of the costs they bear for the short-sightedness of concession-demanding unions and greedy plant owners who extracted every ear they could from their factories, but never returned by modernizing them. Peter Strauss as Emory, John Goodman as his best friend, Gary Cole as his colleague, Pamela Reed as Emory's sympathetic wife and John Doucette as his dying father, are all in excellent performance in this stunning image.
