Ah, McBain? The sign name is immortalized and forever ridiculed by "The Simpsons" but it will always ?? for me personally, at least ?? remains the name and title of a hugely entertaining and outrageously startling 90's action girl; directed by the cool guy who brought us "The Exterminator" and starred with two of the ultimate badass bi-heroes Christopher Walken and Michael Ironside (the latter with a cute little macho ponytail). I think "McBain" should be felt almost as a guilty pleasure because I can't convince anyone that this is an intellectual movie. The movie is unimaginably confusing (most action riders take a little gangster bag? McBain takes a whole country) and yet takes it all too seriously. The script is a non-stop and incoherent spitfire of cliché situations, inconsistent terms, mandatory sentimental interludes, grotesquely-styled action sequences, and utterly incredible character drawings. It's a scary movie; I loved it. <br /> <br /> Vietnam's POW McBain's life is rescued by fellow soldier Roberto Santos on the last day of war. They keep every half a dollar note as a sign that McBain is in Santos debt. Eighteen years later, Santos is a burgeoning rebellion that leads the revolution to the corrupt president of his homeland Columbia. Santos first attempt to take over the power fails and he is publicly executed on El Presidente's balcony. His sister travels to New York with the dollar note and turns to McBain for financial help and labor. McBain and his former Vietnamese friends, all of whom happen to be full of injustice in this world, charter a miserable little plane and fly to Columbia to open a giant can-can. <br /> <br /> Okay, let's not fool each other here. The fact that you are reading a user comment on "McBain" already indicates that you have some interest in low budget B movie action. One of my peer reviewers spent a lot of time composing a list containing all the major stupid and inappropriate moments of "McBain". This list is completely accurate and I can only accept it. Heck, I could even add some more meaningless sequences to the list (like the violent and superfluous heroic self-sacrifice of a soldier who doesn't even have any affiliation with mission goals and the rest of McBain's team), but what's the point? You certainly do not expect to expect a 100% coherent and plausible masterpiece. We know it before, it will be a silly and exaggerated flamboyant movie, and maybe even the exact reason we want to check it out! This is a fantastic scandalous and exciting film about a bunch of former Vietnam friends who become mercenaries and declare war against the corrupt Colombian president and national drug cartel. Don't expect another "Apocalypse Now". This particular movie relies on the ruff's tough performance of the macho leaders, a whole lot of explosions and weapons fighting and ?? Last but not least ?? a great soundtrack where Joan Baez sings a cover of "Brothers in Arms".
