First, an explanation: Despite my headline, I only give this movie only 8 stars because it is generally not one of the best movies ever made. All the criticisms registered here have valid points. Also, be aware that in order to enjoy the script, you really need to appreciate Neil Simon's brilliance in finding the point of true humanity. He has a distinctive New York ear for dialogue - especially dry, Jewish, affectionate sarcasm - and if you have trouble accepting sarcasm as an expression of love, then you may have trouble accepting optimism in the heart of this movie. <br /> <br /> So much for warnings. Here's my main point: Walter Matthau is flat perfect, even perfect, in this movie. I have never seen him more fun, or more touching for that matter - because at the same time he shows us this guy's hilariousness, who refuses to give up his Big Star self-image or unbearable attitudes, even though his context is in decline, he also shows us more vulnerable, perhaps even heartbreaking scared person inside the grouchen. And he just shows us just the sad part - it's just enough to really get to you if you happen to handle your own father's or husband's mental retreat right now (I mention this as a warning), but artistically it's just enough pathos To give this character the most authentic deep roots I have seen in possibly some movie performance. This is in addition to Method acting - Matthaus's performance is exquisite as a character work and a pure pleasure as comic delivery. This is a comic book masterpiece. <br /> <br /> About Richard Benjamin: I personally find his acting annoying in general, and his work in this movie is no exception - even though he has some nice moments here. ("Chicken is fun ...." is one of them.) So if you like him, you should like him here and if you don't make this movie won't change you. <br /> <br /> About 1976 Oscars ... I agree that Matthau was unlucky to be up against Nicholson in "Cuckoo's Nest" that year. It was a killing year for leading acting competition; If there were only separate Oscars for comedy and drama, then I think the best actor Oscars would have gone to Al Pacino for "Dog Day Afternoon" and to Walter Matthau for "The Sunshine Boys" - not to be Jack's good work like McMurphy, but I think Pacino and Matthau were each more masterful and amazingly effective and even legendary in their performances than Nicholson was that year. Also, I think Burns got the supportive actor Oscar more for sentimental reasons than for the quality of his performance - I think he was good at this movie, but not so good. (Burns' finest but unexpected in itself returns to show that Biz beats Brad Dourif's really brilliant debut in "Cuckoo's Nest", not to mention Chris Sarandons amazing debut in "Dog Day Afternoon" - which I think shows me theory.) <br /> <br /> Oscar theories aside, here is my bottom line review: If you like Matthau's cartoon, watch this movie and enjoy his powerhouse tirades and wonderful grandmother-inspired movements, fleeting facial expressions and apparently uscripted asides. (But if you are currently dealing with the pain of seeing an old person lose his grip, be warned that this movie may be either the comic relief you need or a dose of reality too painful to see right now.)
