What Irving Thalberg did to make this movie today would never be tried again. Make a Chinese story with random players, though they are by Paul Muni, Luise Rainer, Charley Grapewin and Walter Connolly among others. It may be partly because the story is written by a Westerner, Pearl Buck, who received a Pulitzer Prize for his novel in 1932. Mrs Buck, daughter of Chinese missionaries, probably took China closer to American consciousness than any other person. Not the Chinese political struggles, but life and urge for every day people we find in the Good Earth. Unfortunately, Pearl Buck became the apologist for Chiang Kai-Shekens Kuomintang China in all its virtues and abundance. The rest of her literary production never matched The Good Earth. <br /> <br /> In The Sundowners there is a great description of comparing China to Australia by Peter Ustinov. When you asked the difference, Ustinov said that China was very large and very full and Australia was very large and very empty. That's what you see in The Good Earth, China, very big and very full of people, more than she can handle at times. The good ground tells the story of Wang Lung (Paul Muni) as a young man who buys a wife from a large house where she was a slave. The woman O-Lan (Luise Rainer) carries him two sons and sees him through all the good times and bad they have, drought, famine, revolution and a climatic spray. <br /> <br /> Luise Rainer won the Second of two consecutive Oscars to portray O-Lan. She may have set a kind of record because it must be the leading player Oscar's performance with the smallest dialogue. All she does is practically done with facial expressions, her performance could have been on a quiet movie with very minimal subtitles. I think only John Mills in Ryan's Daughter had fewer words and he played a mentally delayed man. Muni is not always grateful for how supportive she is in the male-dominated culture. Rainer helps in the field, carries and raises the children, doing the housework. When Muni becomes a real estate agent, he takes a Chinese second trophy wife who gives him a lot of grief. Still, Rainer stoically wears it all. Still Muni is not a bad man, and it is a tribute to the film and his acting and Bucks writing that you do not hate him and the cultural difference is broken. <br /> <br /> Now, we have a group of Oriental players who are doing more than just Kung Fu movies. I am surprised The good soil of all movies has not been restored at this time. I bet the Chinese government would let a US company do it in an actual location. <br /> <br /> Until then, we have this great classic to appreciate and enjoy.
