This movie has been poorly received and poorly reviewed. The book by Rebecca West was written in 1918, shortly after WWI, since shell shock and trauma-induced amnesia were not clichés, as reviewers call it many books and films later. It's hard to go back in time and live as the characters lived, the reality of the time: the war and horror of the experience of the first war of using lethal gas, the British class system that wife believed important, the hopeless spinster and love from the past, still seen with the eyes of love, is so young and as beautiful as she was 20 years ago. <br /> <br /> Alan Bates as an amnesiac soldier who "will die" if he does not see Margaret, his youthful dream's girl, build on the affection his character showed in "far from Madding Crowd". Having seen that performance, it is possible to feel its strong romantic attachment to the girl who did not live up to the family and society's expectations. Margaret says, "We argued, and when you rowed away, you turned your face away from me." So we know that the breakup was something he initiated that it brought him shame, but that he forgot the shame in his memory of his time with Margaret. I have not seen all his films, but in those I have seen, he gives a strong masculinity that shines through even in this role of the disabled soldier. <br /> <br /> I couldn't even recognize Ann-Margaret in the first place and feel her performance has been underestimated. When I hadn't read the book, I wondered if the child who died was the result of acting on a boundless sensation between Jenny and Chris, although Jenny says she is "cousin". The way Kitty keeps Jenny in the nursery on the hair-drying scene, Kitty thinks that she always wipes her hair in this room, more to a way for Kitty to keep the colon of anger warm than the direction of the room to the sun or feelings about a lost child, and the statement she made that she wished Chris had not felt it necessary to keep the room exactly as it was when the child lived, apparently made her scary for the child's memory. Also, Jenny is shown as living in the house in an entertaining role that the high society would have made a fallen member at that time. <br /> <br /> Recently, the recipient of a lovingly intense fantasy (non-sexual in accordance with the times of the ages) 50 years ago, I could relate to Margaret's and her husband's dilemma. I was also thrown aside because I was not good enough for his family, and by his rediscovery of me through the internet I was charged with helping him deal with his still very terrible Vietnam experiences and a marriage to a woman over his class which he did not believe he loved. My husband, like Margaret, was very understanding, but the load was very real. The girlfriend was finally able to reconcile her real situation with her imagination to love me only. I thought it was a good decision to show very little of the re-experience of the war experience that happened in Chris's mind. I was thinking of "Mrs. Dalloway" with the WWI soldier performing very violent memories and committing suicide versus Chris's joy in his imagination by Margaret. In contrast, the soldier's actiona in "Mrs. Dalloway" seems overwhelmed. <br /> <br /> Shows that the psychiatrist understood very little of what happened to Chris, emphasizes the major problem facing the whole group. Everyone seems to have their life back, but was it the right choice?
