So, just this exquisite 1982 movie Return of the Soldier, based on Rebecca West's novel. Its about a shell-shocked fortunate captain who doesn't even tell his wife he has returned to British soil but stays at a London hospital. He has lost his memory and is a boy again, with a lingering yen for the lower class girlfriend he pursued 25 years earlier. It's a delicate story. He is lingering in his boyhood while the reader discovers his wife is an unbearable, hopeful socialite who wants him to resume his place in society. Living with them is his cousin Jenny who loved Chris Baldry the soldier as they grew up as playmates but have settled in spinsterhood. The lower class woman played by Glenda Jackson is Margaret Gray. It's SHE announced that Chris is back in England. Chris's wife Kitty is shocked when Mrs Gray tells her that Chris is in a London hospital. Kitty (Julie Christie) is vacuum and snobby. Why does she ask herself, was this second woman sent a telegraph about Chris rather than her? Chris forgot about Kitty. He wants to renew his relationship with Margaret. The now married Margaret is reluctant to meet him, but then does and continues to meet with him. There is a psychiatrist (Ian Holm) who warns Kitty and Jenny that Chris's temporary happiness with Margaret disappears if he "heals" him. Jenny realizes how empty Kitty is for Chris and forms a secret loving alliance through Margaret. They both fall in love with him. Jenny will help. Late in the movie, Kitty reveals that Chris and she had a boy who died five years ago. Counting Chris this, weighing shrunk, will definitely restore him to 'normal'. But is that a good idea? Chris, hardly aware that he and Kitty were ever married, are unaware of his child and the child's death. Psychiatrists who just teach the child believe that such knowledge will restore Chris. Jenny and Margaret have Chris for themselves because Kitty thinks he falls and refuses to accept Chris's illness from returning to his youth in the eighties. The film leaves her mostly for the sake of what needs to be done with Chris. <br /> <br /> But Jenny and Margaret, in the child's perfectly maintained bedroom - with Kitty also in the novel but not in the manuscript - discuss what they think should be done about Chris from their separate perspectives. Margaret is the critical one here, though she is half in love with Chris again, even though he is married. Jenny's social style, Jenny believes, will be threatened if Chris isn't right. However, she does not reveal this to Margaret. Margaret decides to look forward that Chris cannot maintain his imagination over time, but must return to something like a real life. While Kitty and Jenny look from the window of the house, Margaret approaches Chris outside and tells him about his missing son. The head of the skilled war victim drops, his shoulders turn down, he looks away. He goes wild against the house. Fine <br /> <br /> I read some criticism of this first novel by Rebecca West. The novel was written somewhat after the first war. The movie is never quite clear who Jenny is, his cousin or his sister. It would be more exciting if she were his sister. The criticism does not make it clear either. I'm sure West in her novel makes Jenny her cousin, not her sister. The West is no Henry Miller or an Anais Nin whose book Incest (about her relationship with her father as an adult to stay with him to reject her as a child). I meant to read, but decided against. Rebecca's author has a need to restore Chris as well. She also has outs in her head for the community her novel excoriates first but eventually embraces again.
