'Shop around the Corner' (1940) 'is a pleasant romantic comedy, not the kind I want to keep my loved ones at the end of my days, yet a movie that deserves its reputation. In 1940, director Ernst Lubitsch had long since taken Hollywood by storm, and his famous "Lubitsch touch" had become a sparkling commercial brand. This film was scheduled for a 1939 release, but scheduling conflicts meant James Stewart and Margaret Sullavan were not available for movie recording. Instead of replacing one of his main stars, Lubitsch decided to postpone production, meanwhile leading Greta Garbo in 'Ninotchka (1939)'. When it was finally concluded, "Shop Around the Corner" appeared to be met with relative indifference, which received zero Oscar nominations despite an excellent manuscript of Samson Raphaelson and fine performances from his two leaders and Frank Morgan in a supporting role. Time has, however, betrayed the film's massive and persistent influence, with high-profile remakes, including 'In the good old summer time (1949)' and 'You've Got Mail (1998).' <br /> <br /> To its surface, you can assume 'The Shop Around the Corner' to just be the story of two lovers, Klara Novak (Sullavan) and Alfred Kralik (Stewart) who love each other without knowing it . However, Lubitsch's films run much deeper than that. It's the story of Matuschek and Company, a stylish gift shop in Budapest, and the various human relationships that make the shop such a close family. When the shop owner Hugo Matuschek (Frank Morgan) begins to suspect that his eldest employee has an affair with his wife, we witness the division of two families, both at home and at work. There is absolutely no reason why history should not have been set in the US ?? maybe in New York? but Lubitsch was deliberately recreating the passions and memories of his previous years in Europe, the hallmark of love and life before the war brought terror and bloodshed to every doorstep. This subtle subtitle gives a more meaningful, personal touch to the film ?? In fact, even when writing this review, I start to appreciate the story even more. <br /> <br /> Sullavan and Stewart are both lovely in their respective roles, but I think it's the supporters who really support the low film Each character brings a distinctive personality to the mix, and their interactions are always trustworthy and comfortable. I especially liked how Lubitsch deliberately steered much of our sympathy towards Hugo Matuschek, who in any other movie would have been limited to an underdeveloped, two-dimensional depiction. Matuschek may have lost his family's love, but he captures it in his employee's devotion, and you feel a heartfelt glow when he finds in a bitter cold of a Christmas Eve snore a companion in a freckle-faced young honorary boy (Charles Smith) . This true warmth against a supportive character hits me as resembling more of Billy Wilder's later creations, such as Boom Boom Jackson in 'The Fortune Cookie (1966)' or Carlo Carlucci in 'Avanti! (1972). ' Of course, it doesn't really have to say, but Billy Wilder learned from the best.
