The location of the shop around the corner is precisely specified at the start of the movie Balta Street in Budapest, but it could really be at any place. The small number of sets reflect a middle European design, but it could be a store around the corner. The film is not about Budapest or retailing leather goods, but about the ups and downs of love, reflected in most protagonists. Alfred Kralik and Klara Novak are sparring partners in the workplace, but their anonymous letters to each other are full of hope and hope and romance, and the story fails to bring these two aspects together beautifully. Hugo Matuschek, the owner of the store, has problems with his wife, she is just a voice at the end of the phone. Ferencz Vadas has a secret affair. Ilona Novodny has a gentleman friend who buys her fur garments. Sir. Pirovitch's life is centered on his wife and children. Pepi Katona 'plays Santa Claus' for a girl at Christmas. You even sense the quiet Flora Katchuck while she lives at home with her mother, dreaming of someone. <br /> <br /> The script is a masterpiece of comedy and drama. It moves effortlessly from stage to stage. It's one of the quiet movies that repays look at over and over, simple but deep. The dialogue reflects the character spoken that is not common these days. <br /> <br /> All the play is magnificent. Even the little characters like the waiter in the cafe and the police officer on the street are perfect. James Stewart and Margaret Sullavan play perfectly apart. He really got into his steps as an actor and gives a sweet and sharp performance. Margaret Sullavan was a great actor and undervalued these days. Some of her other movies are worth catching. As Mr Matuschek, frank morgan is fantastic. His moment of truth is very moving. Gold stars all around for the artists. It is a well-worn phrase that they do not do as they used to (The vague re-entry "You've got mail" was gloomy) but in this case it is true. Fortunately, the director Lubitsch is not in farce fashion but has delivered a classic film of spirit, charm and warm humanity.
