SHOP ABOUT THE CORE is one of the sweetest and most sensitive good romantic comedies ever made. There is just nothing like that and it's hard to actually put a sense of this movie on words. It is not one of the films that are trying too hard, nor does it come up with the strange possible scenarios to get the two main characters together at the end. In fact, all its charm is innate, contained in the characters and the setting and the plot ... which is very credible to start. It is easy to believe that such a love story, which is beautiful as anyone who has ever told, * could happen to you ... a feeling that you do not often come from other romantic comedies, but sweet and warm-hearted they can be. <br /> <br /> Alfred Kralik (James Stewart) and Clara Novak (Margaret Sullavan) do not have the most beneficial from first meetings when she comes to the store (Matuschek & Co.) he has worked in the past nine years. who is asking for a job. They collide from the beginning, mostly over a cigarette box that plays music when it opens - he thinks it's a ridiculous idea; She makes a big sale of it and gets hired. Their bickering takes them over the next six months, even though they both (unconsciously of course!) Fall in love with each other when they share their souls and minds in letters passed through mailbox 237. This would be a pretty thin plot to base a whole movie on , except that THE SHOP AROUND CORNER is expertly out-of-the-box with a brilliant supporting cast consisting of wholly engaging characters from the paternal but lonely Hugo Matuschek (Frank Morgan) himself who teaches that his shop is truly his home; Pirovitch (Felix Bressart), Kralik's sidekick and friend who always slides out of space when faced with the possibility of being asked for his honest opinion; smarmy pimp-du-jour Vadas (Joseph Schildkraut), who ultimately gets his coming from a glorious just Kralik; and ambitious honorary boy Pepi Katona (William Tracy) who does not want more than to be promoted to the position of clerk for Matuschek & Co. The unpretentious love story between 'Dear Friends' is played out in this small store in Budapest, Hungary, in which Kralik's invisible dismissal and subsequent promotion to store manager help the two lovebirds-to-be together. It's great that everyone gets a story in this movie; The supporting characters are well-developed, and Matuschek's own journey in life is almost as touching as the one Alfred and Clara parts. His invitation to new honorary boy Rudy (Charles Smith) for Christmas Eve, made in the swirling, beautiful snow of a Hungarian winter, makes the audience happy that he is not alone; We are going to take care of the characters whose love story is not the story of this movie. <br /> <br /> Apart from the love story, I have to say that James Stewart really is one of the best things about this movie. He doesn't play the full Jimmy Stewart persona in this movie (c / f 'Mr Smith Goes Two Washington' for that); in fact Alfred Kralik is stingy and abrupt and not very friendly. Rather, he is a jester, with a slight hint (until perhaps the end) of the eerie boyish charm that Stewart would soon come to patent. When he finds out before Clara has found out that they have been secretly, Kralik is in fact unable to see how far he can go, especially as he quickly realizes (given his stormy relationship with Clara as a boss and underground) who loves the person he knows through the exchanged letters may not correspond to loving the person himself. His description to Clara of the fictional Matthias Popkin (what a name!), Who was to become a fiancee, is fun in the extreme, but also his way of proving that the letters do not reveal everything to a man, as well as revealing letters not all that is for her. Stewart plays this role perfectly - he keeps his face perfectly controlled when Clara insults Mr Kralik, as she often does, even (and especially) to his face. And yet, under cartilage and professionalism, one believes that he * can reveal his identity with so much seriousness and sincerity and pure * hope * as he eventually does. <br /> <br /> The other members of the cast must also be mentioned. Margaret Sullavan goes a little less well in the first half of the film, but she really comes to herself in the store competition on Christmas Eve when she almost makes her heart break again by Alfred's most lively description of his mailbox girlfriend. Frank Morgan gets a good performance as the jealous Hugo Matuschek drives to nervous breakdown, the man who has to rediscover his meaning in life when he realizes that his 22-year-old wife will not "grow old with him". And Felix Bressart plays the role of the shabby, but loyal Pirovitch wonderful (a Lubitsch regular when he looks like a hilarious Russian ambassador in NINOTCHKA) - with particular attention being the stage where he helps his good friend Alfred, the Christmas gift gets the latter * really * wants ... a wallet instead of the ridiculous cigarette box Clara is so hung on. <br /> <br /> Ernst Lubitsch prides himself on this film - for example, the well-known lavish and meticulous care given to detail in the creation of the Matuschek store is worth doing right down to the Hungarian names of the door, the goods and the box and so on. But while Lubitsch chose to have the story in Hungary, the setting is actually universal: it could happen anywhere; It could happen to you. There lies the charm of this simple story, these credible signs that are truly * people. The snow on Christmas Eve is also real, or at least as real as Lubitsch could do it (he had snow machines brought at great expense). It is this desire to make everything seem as real as possible, helping to make history even more credible, giving this whole movie a dreamy realism that cannot be replicated. (No, not even in a remake that you've got post.) <br /> * This is really Jimmy Stewart Christmas movie that people lack when talking about it's a wonderful life. Do not detract from the benefits of the other movie, but there would be no harm, and indeed very good, in seeing THE SHOP Around the Corner this Christmas instead. It's cute, fun, charming, and Stewart is impeccable in his role. We should all be fortunate to have the romance depicted in this movie; The best thing about this movie is that we get away from what feels that we might very much.
