This is packed with large spoilers, so beware. <br /> <br /> "Prix de Beaute" always suffers from the two films Louise Brooks made with GW Pabst, "Pandora's Box" and "Diary of a Lost Girl," but in some ways the "Prix" is known Brooks movie. Here she has a chance to be charming without the dark side of her Pabst collaboration. What "Prix" has is that the Pabst movies are not music. In this early French film, the whole of Louise Brooks mystique fleshed out with a connection of image, song and music. Charleston is what seems most associated with Brooks (she was the first to dance it in Europe), but the essence of the actor comes across stronger in tango. The Tango also plays a plot point in "Prix", which is the music she danced with, on her short rise to the star after becoming Miss Europe. Later, when she has left her fame in favor of an everyday existence as king of the jealous man Andre, longing for her missing fame is revealed when the same tango record is seen on her apartment record player. So appropriate is tango to Brooks, it is used to accompany the documentary about her life, "Looking for Lulu," a movie told by Shirley Maclaine. The tango's hugs and high quality indicate Louise Brooks' strong head but elegant and erotic individuality. <br /> <br /> The song, "Je n'ai qu'un amour, c'est toi" adds a huge amount of pathos to what is not a good movie (but a very good one). By the way, Brooks' voice was not called to the movie by Edith Piaf, which some have claimed. Piaf was born in 1915 and was not discovered until 1935. The song, however, is what Brook's character, Lucienne, sings to Andre at the beginning of the movie to encourage him and express his deep love for him. And in the climax it is the song she sings for her screen test, which she looks at with producers and managers who intend to shape her career. It continues on the screen after husband Andre, who has followed her to the screening room, shoots and kills her. In a single shot, with Lucinene's dead body pausing at the bottom of the screen, while her screen test continues with the song, she once sang to Andre, the essence of which films is that other art forms are not perfectly characterized. As others see his now dead wife singing to him on the screen, the killer is still smiling, he smiles subtly. She is now his eternal, and by union, ours. <br /> <br /> Ultimately, Louise Brook's real career crashed and burned after the "Prix de Beaute", so it was also the death of her last star play. This movie really seals Brooks mystique more than the Pabst movies (which are superior movies, no doubt). It also points to what it's all about the movies that create the whole idea of ​​the movie's "cult" - where people like Brooks, James Dean and Marilyn Monroe live more intensely after their death than when they lived.
