A story of obsessive love pushed to its limits and a lovely swan whose beauty is the very ticket to its own early death. Located at the beginning of talkies, PRIX DE BEAUTE goes a thin line of being a full-on silent film - still in the heart - and flirting with sound and sound effects. The effect is a little annoying for anyone who enters this movie because the recorded sound is extremely tinny and doesn't help it at all. Hearing audio phase conversation edited over the beginning sequence that takes place on a beach is, for example, part of the movie as the actress who dubs Louise Brooks' dialogue, thereby depriving the audience of a good performance. Apart from that, the film rolls together more or less well, with small leaps in continuity here and there - something that is quite common in movies from this era - and has the vague sped up feel typical of silents. In a way, this is an experiment of a movie, and closer to Sergei Eisenstein's style in visual presentation and near-intimate close-ups raising it from what would be a more pedestrian level. Louise Brooks plays a character less flaps here than what she was known for: she is a stenographer, who on a lark decides to enter a beauty contest despite the furious opposition from her extremely suffocating girlfriend. Her role is quite thirty and contemporary for her time; The last of the flaps / jazz baby roles was shown on the screen and now, with the start of female independence, women as professionals were represented in movies. The Brooks character decides to leave her boyfriend (although she "reconciles" with him later) is also a little ahead of her time. However, her character's fatal error is willing to believe in what is not there - that her boyfriend wants her to succeed - and that is what leads to her end in the cinema. This final sequence resembles something straight out of Hitchcock in its increased excitement (seen in THE MAN WHO KENDED FOR MUCH) and cuts from Brooks, her picture on the screen and the murderous girlfriend. Even more dramatic is the location of the still-singing "live" Brooks with the now dead one - a chilling effect for a chilling, powerful movie.
