We saw the silent version of this movie, and it is simply shining beautiful. It is quite difficult to see how an audio version could have been created when it is shot with pure silent technique, long wordless erroneous narratives without a single subtitle - save for some horrible sequences where Louise Brooks plays a French typist is completely visible in English ... The only section that naturally cries for sound is the final scene in which Brooks looks at the rushes of her test "for an audio movie": recordings that play constantly in the background when the action unfolds, with her mouth moves in an incessant silent song. I was not surprised to learn afterwards that this passage alone in the talkie version was hailed as an example of new technology! <br /> <br /> In the sunny beauty of its opening scenes and adventure's inevitability for what follows, the movie resembles a dream. As a "Louise Brooks movie" it was not at all what I had expected, either from her Hollywood comedies or from GWPabst's German melodrama: I found the idiot more fluid and fun than that, and Brooks himself is another being, a robust laugh young animals instead of a shop window vamp or manipulated doll. <br /> <br /> But what gives this movie more depth than first shown is the unexpected second half; repelled by the rich parasites whining about her beauty, the pastor returns the princess to a tear-colored reunion with his humble-born true love ... and the tale may well have been concluded there. The adventure, however, changes to tragedy. The dilettante Grabovsky, who is confident of his ability to manipulate the woman he wants, is all too accurate in his self-interested prediction - the young lovers cannot make each other happy - and André was ironic enough to distrust the social influence of Beauty Contests: After the poisoning of her moments glory, Lucienne fears for despair over the marriages of the married life, while her husband, in turn, has been wildly reminded of the whole matter. If it were a simple case of a misguided marriage, it would be one thing ... but the true tragedy is that they love each other. In many ways, "Prix de Beauté" reminds me of Murnau's "sunrise". But if so, the picture and photography scenes here will form a distorted mirror image of the joyous reconciliation in "Sunrise"; no dream but a alienating nightmare. And the following dawn does not bring a miraculous reunion, but an empty bed and deserted home. Leaving a letter saying she loves him and always wants to love him, Lucienne disappears again from the life of others in the pursuit of brightness and freedom; And this time she never comes back. <br /> <br /> Gossip columns confirm all others' worst beliefs as he learns about his wife's whereabouts through reports linking his name to Grabovsky. When the young worker finally penetrates into the lavish health of the screening room, it is with drawn gun - to be greeted by the sight of his rival courtesy and caress a grinning Lucienne, the same woman who had promised her immortal love as she left him He kills her, but even when he kills, the living image on the screen becomes Lucienne in all his transformed glory as he never saw her. The two women sit together in an infinite, powerful moment when André is seen, gripped, loosened, and pulled away: the dying girl and her singing self projected ahead, unknowingly caught out of time for celluloid eternity, and played unknowingly about life or death or love under her ... The most important swelling element in the film is Andrés employee Antonin's character, which apparently does not play any role in the other than being the licensed ham of his contemporaries evil. He is the ugly one who can never get the girl, the creepy wimp who is threatened and troubled in the toilet and in the workplace, and must take it all with an uncertain flattering smile in his fruitless hope of social acceptance: a typical product of bullying by they are more gifted and popular, in other words, but an audience is apparently invited to laugh with his ailments. Unless the intention is to expose a darker side to the protagonists (for which I do not perceive any sign), the sign seems to exist only as a comical relief, but cartoon aid with a distinctly unpleasant edge. When we only know him as an unencumbered Peeping Tom by the water, it is easy to laugh even though the other revenge seems a little over the top; When we discover that he is not a chance-met stranger, but Andre's colleague and regular sidekick, the continued attacks cease to be very fun. But these are the pictures that remain. Beauty, nightmare and dream.
