I am totally Mitchell Leisen fan, so it was a great expectation that I rented this movie, but the print I got was extremely poor, so worn out of use and scorched apparently without repair, the movie was so dark. So dark that in some scenes that are cinematographed in the dark, you can't see a single thing. That said, I think I share the same opinion as the first review of this movie. It starts out unusually and doesn't count the lines and rhythms of your typical Hollywood 30 movie. Heck, not even your typical Hollywod movie at any time. It seems that the director has been influenced by the Europeans because there is some caustic realism in the case of the opening shot, which is so crafted in camera movement and placement as Maggie (Carole Lombard) and Skid (Fred Macmurray) meet. You expect half that they start singing "Make believe" from the Show boat.It starts with a couple of laughs and poor Anthony in a scene scene where he doesn't speak a word of English being turned around by Freddie. Skids is a bum that doesn't care if he's a bum. Therefore, he joins the army, where he can hide from the world. He has just been released himself and in a set of manuscripts shenanigans she misses her boat to New York. This is where the movie looks into high gear, and we begin to get the French films from the sixties vibes to the whole thing. The scenes are so well-executed by Lombard and Cecil Cunningham, the film gets a pulse. MacMurray is also good when he and Lombard coincide as she cares for her talent for the trumpet. Then comes tempesses in the form of Dorothy Lamour. Plenty of plot. The film has amazing mounting sequences that dazzled me. They are very good. And Lombard scores a home run in this movie, but in the second half is called a little more by Freddie and he fails to deliver the goods. With a powerful melodramatic ending and an actor, you do not think the film falls short, but as it is not your typical film in structure, set design and direction. It's worth a visit. For what it is, it was one of the 37 hits in the 1936-37 season. However, I do not know its exact rank.
