I first came across this movie when I read a book (written in the 1970s) about Mitchell Lei's career. I must admit that over the years I have seen many of his films and find his best work really high quality. SWING HIGH, SWING LOW should be one of his best. While it didn't bother me, it didn't impress me as much as HOLD BACK THE DAWN, DEATH GET HOLIDAYS, KITTY, or even GOLDEN EARINGS. I suppose it's just too much now to like it. <br /> <br /> Working at Paramount Leisin had a problem in the films he did that were musicals. Most of the scores he worked with were pretty mediocre. It is true that there were two standards in his films, but they were really rare: "Cocktales for Two" appeared in MURDER AT VANITIES, and "Mona Lisa" came out of CAPTAIN CAREY, USA But the rest of the score For MURDER AT VANITIES was forgettable. "Mona Lisa" was the only tune in CAPTAIN CAREY. It shouldn't have been like that - Lei's study, Rogers and Hart had worked for it in the early 1930s. Why couldn't he have been assigned a project with them? The score for SWING HIGH, SWING LOW is comfortable but forgettable. Unfortunately, the movie is centered on the entertainment world, as Fred Macmurray demonstrates great talents as a trumpet player (he even works Carole Lombard in his action by running his arms around her as he blows his trumpet). The song (sold by Lombard) about how her boyfriend plays excitement is important to the plot. It works in the movie, but it would have been better if the song was more memorable. <br /> <br /> There is a picaresque style for the movie - it begins on an ocean liner, which Lombard acts as a manicurist. She is constantly bullied by her boss Franklin Pangborn (ship's razor). Then the ship enters the Panama Canal and we see MacMurray as a soldier whose connection ends within a short time. Their first scene together has a good Leisin touch in it: MacMurray speaks to Lombard, she on the boat's deck and he on the edge of the lock's wall. Nice way to keep the action going while the dialogue is a bit boring. <br /> <br /> The movie follows the rise and fall of Skid Johnson (MacMurray) as he meets Lombard and begins his reputation as a trumpet player, but meets the "second woman" in the movie, Dorothy Lamore. The best moments in the film deal with the collapse of the connection with Lombard, and his collapse as a jazz trumpet (his appearance and need for alcohol is very unusual for a MacMurray character - even his darker characters such as Walter Neff or Mr. Sheldrake or the name leader who pushes Caine Mutiny, did not show that he was addicted to alcohol, Lombard is good as the woman loved, but forged by MacMurray Lamore has a little to do - maybe the movie had several scenes with her in it, but one stands out is Her attempt to get MacMurray back on the wagon again In her opening bit, Pangborn is fine, rarely seen in movies, the little actor Carl Judels is effective as a fair weather fan / friend of MacMurray who drops him as he goes under (although he gives him a hand-out). <br /> <br /> Charles Butterworth is as trivial in this movie as usual, but he has a moment when he looks honestly on the hands of the keyboard on a piano in the rooms He, his girlfriend, MacMurray, and Lombard share - his red face look are due to the embarrassment of a lie MacMurray insists on is true. It was a nice, subtle moment. If only his subtlety had been in his play rather than his moments of diffident humor.
