Neil Simon is THE ODD COUPLE created a model for many of his later plays. Felix Unger and Oscar Madison were the inappropriate paired room mates in the original, the former being fussy and handsome, the latter being blunt and loose. Simon would rewrite (less successful) the 1990s as THE NEW ODD PAUPLE, with female roommates. He made it a mixed couple (a woman with her daughter and a man) in THE GOODBYE GIRLS. He also gave it an extra twist in 1973 with THE SUNSHINE BOYS, a Broadway hit starring Jack Alberson and Sam Levine as Al Lewis and Willie Clark, the older, half-retired Vaudevillians. Here, the "apartment" problem is reduced to a team of two men who cannot stand each other. 1976 movie star Walter Matthau as Willie and George Burns as Al. In reality, Al probably doesn't think very bad about Willie - Willie is pathological in the subject Al. First Al had small habits which randomly spit a little when pronouncing words beginning with the letters "t" and a little jabbing Willie with his index finger on the stage. Second, Al traveled when his wife died. Willie was not ready to retire (and has forced his nephew and agent, Ben (Richard Benjamin) to try and get him into jobs in advertising. But Willie can't remember lines unless they're funny and keeps flubbing them. is able to stay at the end of an exercise for a commercial, Ben is asked to bring the two together to a living scene of their most famous sketch on a TV show on American comedy. Willie and the sparks start flying as neither can find out what the other is doing (and it's just in rehearsal. On the other hand, Willie insists on changes (less, but they throw Al) for instance to say "ENTER! !! "when Al knocks on the door. The first test is a mistake, but Ben manages to get them to drop the show. The question is whether they will finish the stage in the finished program or will Willie twist Al's neck? <br /> <br /> The three leads, Matthau, Burns and Benjamin, do really well with one-liners, f reminiscent of vaudeville patter (example: "Chest pain ... I get chest pain Uncle Willie. Every Thursday I come here and get chest pain! "" Then come on Friday! ") Benjamin strives to prove his deep love for his uncle, even though Matthau's tough exterior must make it difficult (he only smoothes down when discussing glory Matthau has a better understanding of reality (at first) than Burns, who works senile repeating - but in reality Matthaus's sense of rejection of the world, which once clapped him, is less likely to behave properly, Burns is not senile - he takes things slowly, but he seems far happier to accept his retirement. This is a final "Voyage of Discovery" for our modern Lewis and Clark, Al and Willie transcending their old sketches as they gradually realize that they have more in common in their old age than they thought, even the irascible Willie admits Al can be (for him) a pain in the row, but he was a funny man. br /> Burns was not the original choice for that part of "Al Lewis" (su Pposedly Dale by Smith and Dale team ) Jack Be Benny would have done a good job, but poor health forced him out (he died in 1975). Burns (whose recent involvement in any movie was in The Solid Gold CADILLAC in 1956 telling) turned out in such a good performance that he got "Oscar" for the best supporting actor and had a career in film in the next decade in such films as OH GOD! Oh, God, you fail; and go in style. He died in 1996, age 100, showing that he was more than just a brilliant straight man for his wife Gracie Allan.
