The biggest problem I see with this movie is its score, which screams with each note, "This is a cheap-ass movie." There is not much more to say here. The result is simply sucked. The second problem, which I see as quite serious as it involves the settlement of the plot near the end of the film (one of the money shots if you want), is the dialogue between Martha (Adrienne Barbeau) and sunflower man (Richard Ziman ), where Martha is revealed to be the leader of the experiment. Throughout this dialogue, the viewer is very aware that he / she is listening to a movie dialogue. In other words, the lifting of disbelief breaks down here. The integrity of a credible dialogue between two people is sacrificed for a willingness to fill in the information the filmmakers want to give the audience. <br /> <br /> The third problem was the casting of Adrienne Barbeau. While I honestly believe in her being a fabulous actress in her oeuvre, I feel this part may have been too much of a stretch. The main point of her performance, which did not seem to be meshed, was the spectrum that character moves through the film from a loving mother to a restless family to an almost Rambo-like woman on a mission. Of course, this aspect of the script would have been a stretch for any actress, and so you can't put too much blame on Barbeau. To the extent that she acted relatively competently, I would only call this a moderately serious problem for the film as a whole. Finally, the film did a wonderful work in the first half a creep factor, especially during its scare blinking. I feel that the movie would have benefited from more of a commitment to these flashes as a mechanism to prevent a fizzling of the crawler in the second half of the movie. <br /> <br /> So what is my holistic assessment of this piece? I would give it a solid C + to B-, depending on how much credit you tend to allow decision makers to produce this movie on a limited budget. Even with two serious and two moderately serious problems, the film is marked by the solid plot of the jungle side of Nazi mysticism. I see no problems with the development of plot or context; The dialogue with the noted exception above is even brilliant in places, especially the important keystone scene between mother and daughter at the beginning of the movie; as mentioned, the creep factor was well designed if it was a little fizzly in the second half; and Nicholas Brendan, who has also been affiliated with produced, delivered a fantastic performance. All in all, this movie is definitely worth seeing --- see it with a Nazi you love. :)
