I've seen "Miracles Still Happen" now at least four times. I'm never tired of this amazing movie. From the beginning, it has a person's interest. As the movie progresses and the plane crashes, the story becomes very intense as we see this young girl trying to survive alone and scared in the Amazon after a plane crash where she was the only survivor. Losing her mother in this plane crash also makes this movie even more dramatic as we see the dangers this young girl had to endure during her ten days in the Amazon. Believing that this really happened was just unreal and believing that someone could actually survive, it's unlikely, as we see the wild animals, snakes and other reptiles, the huge forests and wildlife as well as countless insects. As the film progresses, we see the many dangers that this girl must have when trying to follow the river in the hope that it will lead her to a city. Remember what her father told her about how a stream always leads to a river and then into an even greater river, which means that it will eventually lead to a community. This young girl keeps track of the small stream that eventually leads to a large river throughout the entire movie. Sometimes having to swim in dangerous waters, alone, scared, injured, always succeeded in continuing. At the end of this film, it was obvious that she would not have been able to continue much longer when she had not eaten for ten days and had only water to drink and was very sick and tired of her dangers. Eventually when she sees a canoe, she realizes that there must be a village, and men find her, and they take care of her and take her to a hospital where her father is going to see her after fearing that she was dead with the many other passengers. Such a dramatic movie and so heartfelt to see her father's face when he sees his daughter, actually live after all this time in the Amazon! Movies like this have not done much the days. I still want to see it again and I know I will never tire of it! Believing that this girl was the only survivor in this plane is just unlikely! Also, the fact that she only sustained a few very minor injuries was even more remarkable, while everyone else on this plane died in the terrible crash in the Amazon wilderness. A brilliant movie, amazingly done and I will treasure forever and love to continue to watch! Highly recommended by me for sure!
