It was considered the "Swiss answer to the Lord of the Rings", but it is much more than that. It's no answer to anything, it's something new in itself, something funny and sometimes it's stupid and silly - but was Monty Python different than stupid? The beginning immediately states that this film is low budget and not intended to be taken seriously. Cardboard clouds on severe knocks into the plane where the protagonist sits. But to compensate for the lack of special effects, the landscape does the trick. It's absolutely beautiful and fantastic - who needs New Zealand, Switzerland has it all. <br /> <br /> What I liked about the movie was the simple approach and the obvious passion and energy that went into it. It's not brilliant; But it has some good humorous parts. Edward Piccin as Friedo is quite convincing, it would be enough to go watch the movie because of him! There are some good jokes, some of them are very lame, some of them are not understood by people outside of Switzerland. I liked the idea of ​​having "Urucows" instead of Uruk Hai; I loved the scene where Friedo decides to take "Pupsi", a telehobbie, with him on the journey. Also very funny is the scene when Rackaroll, the knight's knight, decides to show up with his sword - and then smashes it in a wall and breaks it. And there is one scene where the "nazgul-ish" characters make a wonderful cartoon containing a toilet brush ... I did not approve of the idea that the ring was used by Schleimli, the "Gollum" character in order to "seduce" the ladies . It was a little far fetched. The idea that Lord Sauraus would cover the countries with fondue was also not so brilliant. Original, certainly, but not brilliant. But most of all I didn't like the idea of ​​a gay dragon, it really wasn't necessary. All in all, I recommend watching the movie simply because it is so brittle and completely unclear. Don't expect a LotR parody like "Spaceballs" was for Star Wars. But if you go to the flicks who think that this is going to be an entertaining evening with absolutely no ambitions, then you will enjoy it. I'm not sure if it works in other languages ​​because it lives on the Swiss dialects as well as on the jokes and actors. All in all: listen to the courage of the Swiss crew who did it!
