Sarafina was a funny movie and some of the songs were really good. Sarafina was very entertaining. I usually don't like music stuff like this, but the song wasn't lame as it looked on the box. The film was useful for learning about history because it was an interesting perspective of the Soweto uprising of 1976. It showed you things from the perspective of students in the rioting and showed you they were real characters. Because you have to see them as real characters, it makes you more like an audience and makes you more sympathetic to those who are totally victims of the white government that you cannot sympathize with. The songs for the students are correct because we know at the accounts that the students in the uprising sang and danced before it became violent. The clothes from the students in Sarafina are very similar to the clothes in pictures from Soweto. They actually made the film in Soweto, so it looks very accurate in many parts. All these things make the movie more accurate to someone who uses it to learn about each other. As viewers, we must be critical of how the history of apartheid was presented. As I said before, you become sympathetic to the students - it may make it less reliable and objective. It also changes some of the details from other accounts. In Sarafina it becomes chaos when the policeman enters their classroom and shoots the students. The police and the army were very aggressive at Soweto, but it is probably an exaggerated event. The police and the army are shooting the students, but there are no signs that they go to school and do people like this. The fighting was more on the streets and had loot and crime. This is probably done in the film to make you feel more sad about school students. The movie would have been more useful if it had some different information about the aparthied. The teacher was arrested for being against the government, and her mother was at work in a white person's house. But there is no government information and why they did it or some information about the racist policies and laws. -Yes George S, Chris and Finlay
