This movie reminds me of 42nd Street with Bebe Daniels and Ruby Keeler. When I watch this movie, it reminded a lot about 42nd Street, especially the character Eloise, who is a temperamental star, and she ends up falling down and breaking her ankle, as Bebe Daniels did in 42nd Street and another performer is sharing and becoming a star . This movie, like most race movies, keeps people going because of the great entertainment. Race films always showed Black Entertainment that was what was popular in the era. Dancing Styles, The Music, Dressing Styles, You Will Love It. This movie could have been great if it was made in Hollywood, it would have had better scenery, better movies and more money that would make any movie better. But it's worth looking at because it's good, and Micheaux does well with the little he has. I must say out of all Micheaux's movies, Swing is the best! The film features singers, dancers, actresses and actors who were popular but forgotten today. Doli Armena, an amazing female trumpet player who can blow the horn so well that you think Gabriel is blowing a horn in the sky. The sexy, hot female dancer Consuela Harris would put Ann Miller and Gyspy Rose Lee in shame. <br /> <br /> Adding additional info ... Popular blues songs from the 20s and 30s Cora Green are the focus of the movie, she is mandy, a good, hardworking woman with a non good man who takes her money and uses it on other women. A curious neighbor, played by Amanda Randolph, tells Mandy what she saw and heard, and Mandy goes down to the club and catches her husband with an attractive, curly woman named Eloise (played Hazel Diaz, a Hot Cha entertainer for 30 's and a fight breaks out. Then Mandy goes to Harlem, where she reunites with a somewhat guardian angel Lena, played by one of the most beautiful women in the movie Dorothy Van Engle. Lena gives Mandy a home, a job and helps her become a star when temperamental Cora Smith (played by Hazel, I think she plays two parts or maybe she changed her stage name) is trying to destroy the show with her bad behavior. When Cora gets drunk and breaks her leg, Lena convinces everyone that Mandy is entitled to the job, and Lena is right and a star is born in Mandy. Long, long, slender but beautiful Carman Newsome is the booming hopeful producer Lena also looks like. Pretty boy Larry Seymour does not play the good man, but after Lena threatens him, he can multiply. There are a couple of highlights, but the one that stands out for me is the part where Cora Smith (Hazel Diaz) is straying late for rehearsal and going out on everyone, and then her husband comes in and hits her jaw, but it is not enough, she almost comes back in a fight with Mandy again. Occasionally there is great entertainment of corpses, tap dancers, shake dancers, swing music and blues singing. There are even white people watching entertainment, I wonder where Micheaux found them, there is even a scene where there are black and white sitting together in the club, Micheaux often integrated black and white into his movie, he should Be praised for such a bold move. <br /> <br /> This movie was the first race movie I really enjoyed, and it helped me introduce myself to Oscar Micheaux. This film is one of the best of the race movie genre, it is a backstage scene's story of ups and downs in show business. None of these early breed films may not be the best, can't be compared to Hallelujah, Green Pastures, Stormy Weather, Cabin In The Sky, Carmen Jones or other Hollywood movies, but their amazing looking at because their early signs black filmmaking and plus these films give a glimpse of black life and black entertainment through a black person's eyes. These films gave blacks a chance to play people from all walks of life, be beautiful, elegant and elegant, and not just stereotypes or how white felt blacks should be portrayed as in Hollywood. Most of these actors and actors were not the best, but they were the only ones available at the time Micheaux and Spencer Williams could not afford Nina Mae McKinney, Josephine Baker, Ethel Waters, Fredi Washington, Paul Robeson, Rex Ingram and several of the larger stars, so Micheaux and other black and white race movie creators would use nightclubs in their films, some were good, some were not great actors and actresses, but I think Micheaux and others knew they Most were not good actors and actresses, but they were used more as separate from an experiment than for real talent, they just wanted to tell their stories, and in turn, many black artists did their true talents in the movies. For some true actors / actors, race movies were the only kind of movie they could get to work, especially if they didn't want to play Hollywood stereotypes, so I think you'll be able to see the true actors / actresses from the nightclub artists. These race movies are very historic, they could have been lost forever, many are lost, perhaps race movies are not the best example of cinema, but even Hollywood movies did not start well in the beginning. I think if the race movie genre continued, it would get better. If you are looking for great plays, most race movies are not them, but if you are looking for a true example of black entertainment and how blacks should have been portrayed in movies, than watching race movies. There are some entertaining race movies with a good play, Moon Over Harlem, Body and Soul, Paradise in Harlem, Keep Punching, Sunday Sinners, Dark Manhattan, Broken Strings, Boy! What a girl, Mystery In Swing, Miracle In Harlem and Sepia Cinderella who not only have good entertainment but good acting.
