I'm a big fan of Vonnegut's work, and I'm very fond of this movie, but I don't want to say this is a movie of "Mother Night" that I read. When people say that Vonnegut is infamous, two things come to me. One is that many of his themes are very close to the bone or even taboo, despite the accusation, sometimes used against him, that he chooses relatively "light" goals for his satire. It means less every day that goes as far as filmability is concerned. Directors seem to be burning in breaking taboos these days, and I have high hopes for the version of "Bluebeard" now in production. Great to believe that an innocent piece like Vonnegut's "Sirens of Titan" would probably have been similar to "R" rated if it was released when it was published back in the 50s for its violence, language and sexual and thematic content , although it is a tragedy that no one has yet come up with a movie bar script. And in the current economic climate, I also hope that some instructors out there look close to "Jailbird", "Galapagos" and "Hocus Pocus". The other thing is his narrative style that pours irony over irony over irony, but still makes it hilarious. It seems impossible to objective, and it seems to be the biggest obstacle to making great movies in his great novels, because the small authorized comments that color our answers as readers just aren't possible in movies without resorting to often clumsy techniques like "talkovers". Vonnegut suggested missing a character from filmed versions of his work, even as a writer / narrator. For his credit, the "Breakfast of Champions" (the film) tried to keep comedy and a bit of a cropper for the pain. Like another turkey made from a Vonnegut novel, "Slapstick" in an even more spectacular way. <br /> <br /> Still, nothing wrong with an instructor giving us his subjective interpretation of Vonnegut, and "Mother Night" is an excellent example of how, as another reviewer puts it, a good director can Add a visual poetry to a source like this. But so much of humor is lost, that even though it is the same plot, it is not really from the same novel I read. If it had been, I'd probably have rolled in the hallways laughing a couple of times and looking at it. For a reader of the novel, I think a chuckle even at the end is forgiven. However, the end of the movie is really exciting, and I think one of the movie's successes is that it can really make you feel like you've seen someone walk a barber's edge between good and evil, and the jury is still out. <br /> <br /> Standing alone and in itself, it's well worth a visit. Technically, there are some minor but sharp errors, especially in continuity, and it often seems blurred and theatrical, but most of the time, an acceptable note hits and sometimes shows considerable imagination and resource skill. The action in general is of high order, although the dialogue may be a little stuttered today. <br /> <br /> It survives quite well and looks back at the back with "Slaughterhouse-5" and there is actually a little more "good" filmed Vonnegut out there, mostly versions of his short stories - "Harrison Bergeron" , "Who Am I This Time?" and some other things like of course the celebrated movie version of his very fun but one-time game, "Happy Birthday Wanda June". There was also an interesting piece if it still existed in the 70s called "Between Time And Timbuktu", which Vonnegut apparently did not like much, even though he was involved in his production because he felt it misinterpreted him in his generality. . He said it reminded him of the bizarre surgical experiments performed in the HG Wells tale "The Island of Dr. Moreau", but it served many as an excellent introduction to his work. But if the movies don't make you want to go to the superior source material, they don't do their job. As the man said, it's pretty much the big show inside your head.
