It takes some time to get used to Nick Nolte's Nebraskan Locations before we can easily accept him as a famous intercontinental playwright. When you get past the bar, it becomes a fascinating story about a man who loses everything while trying to do it well. <br /> <br /> Nolte, an American, moves to Germany, marries a famous actress and is a happy success in every respect until the war breaks out. He is visited by a jovial American, John Goodman, who persuades him to accept a post as an anti-Semitic broadcaster for the Nazis. Nolte has no policy, but thinks it is a challenge to write a role that is almost impossible and then play it yourself. Another American secret agent will change Nolte's radio scripts - insert a cough here, a sneeze there - that will serve as a code for transmitting intelligence to the Allies. However, there is a catch. No one will know about Nolte's real role as an American agent except Goodman, Donovan and Roosevelt himself. If he has ever uncovered, he will be denied recognition by the Americans. <br /> <br /> Nolte throws forward and his evil broadcasts are very popular in Germany. His beloved wife, Sheryl Lee, knows nothing about what happens and doesn't care. Nolte and Lee live in what he repeatedly refers to as "a nation of two." The war ends and the trouble begins. He is trapped by Americans who are bitter because of his fraud. They beat him and left him in the mud. He is rescued by Goodman, his "fairy godmother" who sends him to an anonymous existence in Greenwich Village and sends him some money every now and then. <br /> <br /> In 1960, he manages a friendship with his neighbor, the painter Alan Arkin, who has also lost his family and claims the two now belong to a secret brotherhood. But his location and his identity somehow leak, and he is more or less adopted by a group of ancient Aryan racists - led by a dentist and a priest. His house front and mailbox are painted with swastikas and accusations. He's beaten meaningless by an ex-GI. But - miraculously - his beloved wife has returned to him by the old ones. Another catch: It turns out later that it is not his wife, but rather his younger sister, who has loved him since his youth. The end has him writing his memoirs in an Israeli prison in 1967 before his attempted crimes against humanity. It's not a good ending. <br /> <br /> Nolte can talk to, but not see, the resident of the cell over his prison. It's Adolf Eichmann. Eichmann seems comfortable enough. He advises Nolte that it is a bad habit to write for fifteen straight hours. "It's important to relax. You must learn to relax." Nolte laughs loudly and shouts: "This is how I do this." The film is filled with such irons. At one point in their relaxed conversations, Arkin tells him that "despite everything I still think, people are good at heart." I don't know if the movie was a commercial success, but if it wasn't, that was the kind of thing that could have torpedoed it to a younger audience of theater performances that may never have heard of Anne Frank, let alone the probably final statement in his diary. The fact is that it is an adult and patient adult movie on it. History moves slowly, there is very little violence, no cargo, no shootings, and people do not seem to be subject to manic speech. Much of it will probably slip past viewers who do not open their conscious approach. Nolte refers to the relationship between war and time between him and his wife as "a nation of two". This is a rather compact statement. There is no doubt that someone can make a glib definition, but it takes a little concentration to understand his emotional imports. It is a story of a man who loses everything - his ability to write, his identity, his wife (twice), his only friend, his country, his self-respect. At one point, he stops walking along a crowded New York street and simply stands there until dark when he is moved by a curious policeman. The reason why he stopped is that he simply has no place to go. What Vonnegut describes is far more than depression. I don't mean to sound patronizing, but it's the kind of feeling that is hard to understand in your youth. Young people may think that they know what keeps Nolte in one place, but it requires real maturity and the fast sense of fineness that only maturity can bring. Remember Robert Frost's line that home be the place that when you go there they must take you in? Well nothing will take Nolte in.
