I have not yet read Kurt Vonnegut's Mother Night (although I have read other books by his all outstanding pieces of satire and game-changing pieces). Having seen Keith Gordon's film adaptation of his book, it will be an immediate measurement note in the near future. It is the kind of material that I am sure that if it was not made in 1995/96 as a movie, it would be retrieved immediately in the period when many period post-present-holocaust / WW2 movies are quite popular. Except that this is much darker but even more resonant about the nature of playing roles and the real underlying fate of living with the post-war life than say The Reader. It's about the very real danger of pretending in wartime, which is what is a spy in World War II, really is about. <br /> <br /> It would be one thing if Mother Night had a lot of emotional depth and complexity about the moral choice and the constant role - even after the war ends - to Howard W. Cambpell (Nick Nolte) who does. But it is also just a really strong feat of film technology. Keith Gordon is not a person I usually think of as director of really strong material (more - so I think back to him as an actor, strangely highlighted card with Vonnegut himself in the Back to School), but it is a revelation. He takes the story of Campbell as a story of a broken life: a German propaganda star (the only American left in Berlin) who is actually a spy for the Americans, but can never reveal his identity and was before a dramatist there belonged to "a nation of two", himself and his wife (Sheryl Lee). It follows him from his prison cell pending the trial in Israel in 1961 when he writes his memoir and tells of his disillusionment with being a "do-it-yourself" Nazi, and then in 1960 in hiding in a New York City is where Most of the movie takes place. Modern can be quite heavy, as at a level one can relate to the pianist, but at a different emotional-cerebral level than the strong poetry in that film. Gordon, using Vonnegut, tries to give us a strong look at a man who has nothing, except the memory (and then a strange accomplishment) of his long lost love in a "sister" who has returned to him in NYC, so he is left to his own devices when he turns to a painter (Alan Arkin, very very good here), and then it is found as a Nazi hiding from a white supremacist newsletter that leads wackos to his apartment. On the surface, this should be a straightforward spy story, but nothing is straightforward. "Something" of this man's life is staggering, but it is ultimately of his own choice. Campbell is one of the characters that can be analyzed for hours, but the same conclusions can be reached (and somehow mirror the Goebbels line): the greater the lie, the more people believe it. It is except for the selected few who started the lie and know their secret and power. <br /> <br /> But oh it would be a thing if it were just a wonderful and tragic cartoon or another, if it had some really amazing performances (like: Nolte is here best, and Sheryl Lee As we may recall from Twin Peaks like Laura Palmer, several roles come into play, especially in the stage when she reveals that she is not really "Helga". It's also a gorgeously shot movie with brilliant lighting and shots that reflect the character's state of mind, or just the sharp or disease colors of the time (see the scene where an old Campbell sees a movie of his younger self-spitting a rant, the side-by-side of faces is great ). And the music choices raise the level of tragedies. It could be argued that some of the music is too much, but at other times the material raises its own usual dramatic dimensions and makes it operative, solemn for human nature. It's not always an easy movie to feel emotional, and some of the twists have the kind of "whoa" as in any spy story. But it is the subversion from Vonnegut that goes through, the way in which to look and perform, imitation art mimics life imitates death and makes it worth remembering. I have no idea that the book is better than the movie (or vice versa), but at the moment it's hard for me not to recommend it to anyone looking for a WW2 / holocaust storytelling masterpiece.
