American playwright Howard W. Campbell, Jr. (The game with a moldy obsession by Nick Nolte) lives happily in Germany with his actress, Helga Noth (Sheryl Lee) before the beginning of World War II. On top of his life, Howard is drafted by an American agent (John Goodman) to become a spy on behalf of the Allies; Warned about the risks involved in the job, Howard has everything to lose, but finds the offer irresistible. After his wife's death and the end of the war, Campbell disguises himself with the anonymity of a lonely life in New York City, which muds his neuroses even further. The key question (actually a question that has frustrated many critics) of the movie and Kurt Vonnegut's source novel is, "is Campbell a hero or a traitor?" Director Keith Gordon and screenwriter Robert B. Weide offer us clues but no answer and this ambiguity ?? This is NOT knowing is what keeps "Mother Night" fresh and interesting throughout. At the start of the film, Nolte Campbell portrays as intelligent and confident; At the end, he is either scared and insecure, or scared and quite sure of his contribution to humanity for the role he played in the war. Gordon uses some icy shine on the images of the film's first half, which complements his portrait of Nazi bourgeoisie and captures Vonnegut's dramatic side. On the back, when Campbell is confined to his lonely New York apartment (which he lovingly calls "purgatory") only to be discovered by a group of Nazis, the humor produced is also characteristic of the author only and provides a temporary respite from the dramatic excitement that unfolds. The moral (even spiritual) paradoxes "Mother Night" presentations do not make a simple resolution, and to some extent should be left ambiguous. The black and white scenes in Campbell are staring into space as he is imprisoned in Israel, suggesting an unspoken consideration that we are not entitled to, as Campbell is a character whose inner work we win, know very little about; the war changes him, comes back to America changes him, and encounters with the Nazis in New York forces him to extend the facade of his "action" even more to the point where he can only stare at a picture of himself expected on a wall, spear anti-Semitic bile. Maybe it's the best response we could hope for.
