The magical moment of life that points to the beautiful innocence of childhood and the confusing whirlwind that marks adulthood. . . It's about this movie. <br /> <br /> Danni (wonderfully played by Reese Witherspoon) is right in the moment of life when the movie starts. She sleeps over Elvis, plays her records and wants to think about love. Maureen's sister will soon be out in college, have no trouble attracting boys, is beautiful and seems to have it all figured out, even if she doesn't. She dates a local loser, where Dad is also after her, and just wants her to find a decent boy and be swept off her feet. Danni like most young teenagers wants her to be other than herself, because most teenagers believe that whoever they are is not good enough. She wants to be Maureen, but does not see that she is beautiful herself. <br /> <br /> Currently, adult life is growing when she meets Court Foster for the first time. The court, where Dad recently died, has moved to their old farm to work with his mother and two younger brothers. He has been responsible for having fun. On a particularly hot day, he goes to the pond and just jumps to find Danni's lean dipping. They shout and argue, and Danni leaves. But they see each other a day later when Court's mother is invited to Danni to visit old friends (Danni's parents). Danni is attracted to the court and the court to Danni. She is a tomboy and is spunky, has attitude and says what she thinks about. The court is 17 and Danni 14, and he knows it, but they continue to grow closer to their days at the pond between the court working yard. At the time the Court kisses her one day, Danni is beaten. Danni's father tells her to invite the court to the house and he does. But things are unpleasant for the Court on his "kind of date". However, silence has been broken by his encounter with Maureen, who has not yet seen the Court. A look between the two and its whole. The appearance of pain and defeat on Danni's face is both beautiful in their credibility to life and painful at the same time. The rest of the movie I will not tell, but the film has more to it than a relationship between a boy and two sisters. <br /> <br /> In its depiction of the moments of life, the greatness of the film is both beautiful and painful and the relationship between two sisters whose love has been tested by both a boy they love and the pain they have to endure together and individually. Danni eventually marks her entry into the world when she sees that the world is unfair, painful and perhaps even slightly less hopeful than when the movie started. Few movies can really capture the speculation about childhood and the pain of adulthood so perfectly. This movie has since the first time seen it stuck in my mind. Its in my Top 100 movie list and deservedly so. I only want more movies like this was made, because if so. . . My belief in Hollywood would be much better.
