When I first heard about the show, I heard a lot about it and it got some good reviews. I saw the first episode of this "forensic adventure" as it proclaims itself, and I was really rooted in it. I've loved it ever since. This show has a great sense of humor and it's fun to see a good show like this. The cast is excellent as their characters and I will not change them in any way. <br /> <br /> For those not familiar with this show, Pushing Daisies centers around a man named Ned (aka The Pie Maker, played by Lee Pace) who discovered a special gift when he was a boy : He could bring the dead back to life with a fingerprint. He did the first with his dog Digby. But there is the catch: If he keeps a death alive for more than a minute, another dies. He learned it when he took his mother back to life, and his childhood father's father died in Ned's mother. The second catch is if he touches the person again, they are dead again, but this time for good. He learned it when his mother kissed him good night. His father took him to the pension school, and when he left, Ned never saw his father again. <br /> <br /> Almost 20 years later Ned owns a pie bakery with a sharp designation "The Pie Hole". A colleague of Neds, Olive Snook (Kristin Chenoweth) is in love with Ned, but Ned rejects her movements and tries not to get close to anyone, learn from past experiences. Private Researcher Emerson Cod (Chi McBride) discovered the gift that Ned has and decides to make him a partner to solve murder. Down touching the victim, asking who killed them, and when the minute is up, he touches them again and they solve it. This is how they usually solve it. During the episodes, the murders have a very interesting plot and what people expect at least. <br /> <br /> One day, Ned discovers that his next murder to solve is his childhood sweetheart, Charlotte "Chuck" Charles (Anna Friel). He brings her back to life and decides to break the rules and keep her alive. At her place, the funeral director died, stealing jewelry from the bodies. When Emerson finds out and when Chuck wants to help solve the murders, he doesn't agree - for a while we hear him call Chuck 'Dead Girl'. All this is kept secret from Olive, Chuck's aunts Vivian and Lily (Ellen Greene and Swoosie Kurtz respectively), and everyone else for that matter, if anyone acknowledged her from the heirs, the news, etc. Vivian and Lily, formerly synchronized swimmers, didn't left the house this year. Emerson, Ned and Chuck agree to work together. Down and Chuck grow to love each other, even though they can't touch each other again. <br /> <br /> This show is fun, has amazing characters, contains great plot twists and will surely bring your spirit up. I hope it will not be canceled on 13 episodes.
