This show was appreciated by critics and those who realized that any similarities between "Pushing Daisies" style and others were not a steal. (Yes, I've seen "Amelie." "Pushing Daisies" is something similar, but still different enough to be original.) Rather, there are few shows on TV that have this kind of quirky charm. The biggest similarity is that "Dead Like Me", but "P.D" comes from the similarity honestly: Bryan Fuller created both shows. (Both shows involve an "undead" young woman, for example.) This show never stopped being fun and charming, and it was always strange but was consistently humane. I have to say a word about conventions of ongoing history lines. Some people have complained that this show lacked a moral center because in the first (and subsequent) episodes, Ned seems to get away with causing Chuck's father without any kind of consequences. First of all, this must be a new definition of "no consequence" because, despite the fact that Ned was only a boy and did not realize he had caused Chuck's father, he still felt guilty at the moment he realized what he had done. Further, about a dozen episodes in the series, Ned admits to Chuck that he had caused his father's death with his gift. Now there is no police to charge people with a magical cause for a person's death by bringing another person back to life, so the issues of absolution and repayment need to be addressed without societal guidelines. In other words, it is between Ned and Chuck who were not inclined to forgive Ned anytime soon. <br /> <br /> But this points to a problem with continuing stories in network dramas. I remember when David Caruso's character on "NYPD Blue" did something wrong and it seemed that he got away with it - for a whole year - then he was caught and was forced to retire from work (and left the show) . The point is that viewers should learn now and not assume it just because a common character does something wrong in a single episode and is not trapped in the episode that he has lost with it. There is always next week - and maybe even next year.
