"Pushing Daisies" is probably one of the best TV shows of its genre in the last 5 years, agrees with it or not. Bryan Fuller, the creator, has a fantastic creative mind. He is the mind behind other major television programs such as "Dead Like Me" (2003), "Wonderfalls" (2004) and the other not as big as these, but also interesting "Heroes" (2006). It's a blend of the amazing worlds, Brian Fuller, created in previous TV shows, and once again blending a fantastic fantasy world with real-life people disguised in colorful images and exaggerated emotions, which is always an adventure. So, being a kind of adventure, you can't expect more than an unrealistic world and unexpected situations, or even very anticipated situations, but not in a way that it will normally be told. <br /> <br /> A gift always comes with a curse, and what's sweet can also be bitter. That's how Ned (Lee Pace), The Piemaker, is a simple guy with an interesting gift than being a great cook: he can give life to the dead with just a touch. This could be a force that everyone would die - or live - for if it were not for another simple and very sad thing: he could also give eternal death if he touched it again. The falsification of this amazing gift does not stop there ... everything has compensation, and if he brings something to life for more than a minute, another specie of it will die immediately. He is a guy full of unfortunate events in life in a way he grew up introspectively, always afraid to touch everything and once again lose things that he once used to love. Until the day he could finally be close to his greatest childhood love, Chuck (Anna Friel), if it wasn't for another sad fact: she was dead. He gave his life again, and she loves him as much as he does, but this love is immovable. The real kiss of death. And so this beautiful modern adventure begins. <br /> <br /> When I heard about "Pushing Daisies" for the first time, it was promoted as something very well known (or perhaps a kind of tribute) to everything Tim Burton has created since "Pee-Wee's Big Adventure" ( 1985) to "Big Fish" (2003) and "Charlie And The Cholate Factory" (2005). The results couldn't be better. The world around The Pie Hole was magnificent. The stories about Ned and Detective Cod (Chi McBride) for solving unsolved crimes can be very common on television, but this is just a way to guide people through amazing stories about characters like Chuck and Olive (Kristin Chenoweth) in a wonderful world full of beautiful and dreamy images that you can almost feel the taste of the colors. Not only that, you merge into a bunch of amazing and charismatic gentle characters, even those with the deepest dark mood. The forgetfulness of the trivial concept of murder and unsolved crimes, the show brights and is triumphant in many other things. The actors here are top note. Lee Pace is tender, soft and contained as the character asks. Anna Friel is the museum on the show that her character must be. But the most amazing times are always with the supporting actors like Chi McBride (Detective Emmerson Cod), Swoozie Kurtz (like Lilly Charles), Ellen Greene (like Vivian Charles) and Kristin Chenoweth (like Olive Snook). Swoozie Kurtz shines performs such a dried character as drowned in an impossible dark humor that could scare a clown, probably she has the best dialogues, and her expression and body language are fascinating. But if the best dialogues are given by Swoozie and her character, the best fun moments are given by Kristin Chenoweth. Seems that she improvises all the time, she is so naturally fun that every scene is a show aside. Kristin shines so brightly on the show that winning the 2009 Emmy for her supportive role in the show was quite fair and deserving. There is also chemistry between actors and their characters, which are also amazing. There are no words to express what this TV show really is and what it was supposed to be. For those who believe that this show is a waste of time or claimed to find no meaning in it, they should surely open their minds and come back to a time they probably never had: childhood. get to know ... TV has never been so daring in a TV show like this amazing one. "Pushing Daisies" was a major advance in terms of great artistic entertainment, and the sudden death was very disrespectful. It is true that TVs do not respect big TV shows like those created by Bryan Fuller - except "Heroes" who are still in the air and far from being as amazing as the others.
