After reading two or three negative reviews on IMDb's main page for "Pushing Daisies", and after getting letters a few minutes ago finished seeing the last episode, I thought it was time I said what I thought about PD. <br /> <First of all, I will consider what some of the problems I have seen with other people with this show: something in line with "I expect the people who have been awakened from the dead to get a more realistic response ". Realistic, on this show? Pushing Daisies is real, pure and complete escapism. It is the color palette, the dialogue used, the scenarios, the situations, the music: everything for me is just an escape from everyday life. An escape from the secular and boring. This is where Pushing Daisies exceeds exceptionally well. Pushing Daisies is not for everyone: A large majority of television audiences "don't" get it, for some people are just out there and stupid. But for people like me, even from the first episode, I watched it (Season 2's "Frescorts") and I was just blown away by the show. From then on I bought both sets of boxes and they have hardly been out of my DVD player. Other people I know can't stand firm, it really looks like Marmite. <br /> <br /> The show follows Ned, Piemaker's adventure, with a magic finger that brings childhood treasure Charlotte Charles, works with private investigator Emerson Cod, owns the Pie hole and employs Olive Snook's waitress. Closing the main cast members is Aunt Lily and Vivian, whom Charlotte (Chuck) never sees. They live in a fantasy world where the dead are brought back to life, all shown with a wonderfully bright splash of color and told by Jim Dale. Other than explaining the basics of the show, I really can't praise it much more without saying: just watch it. Despite having been turned over by Writer's Guild of America strike, with only 22 episodes ever to be made, it provides wonderful plot connections, stories, signs and situations while providing a satisfactory ending (yes I could tell it had been dressed at the end and hurried, but I was still happy with the way it went. Whether it's creative or just pretentious, too many people (I included) made it the most addictive and wonderful view, and I hope for the future of television that more shows like this are created, so I'm not back with just 22 40 minutes recalls what true entertainment can be.
