The young Dr. Fanshawe (Mark Letheren), an avid archeologist, is sent by his museum director to the large country home of Squire Richards (Pip Torrens), where his mission is to find origin and catalog the collection of antiquities and curiosities belonging to the recent death father of Squire. Squire is surprised at the arrival of Fanshawe, he had not waited for him for another week, but nevertheless welcomed him and received his only servant, Patten (David Burke .. or Dr Watson fame) to show him to his room, then Fanshawe must stay for a few days to complete his rather big job. Patten does not seem to be the kindest variety and seems to embarrass the extra work that Fanshawe's visit will bring, the large empty house provides an endless amount of cooking, cleaning and maintenance for him. Fanshawe is a boring kind, very neat and precise with everything that has its place, whether they are his clothes or his books and papers, and he is rather disgusted with dirt in his room. Needless to say, he is quite eager to begin his work, but unpacking he finds his binoculars damaged in transit, so he asks Squire for a replacement couple, The Squire, who is a modern thinker, but also It seems quite undeveloped with such conditions are also eager to get rid of the root around the house, so he commits and goes Fanshawe to the top of the hill so he can investigate the property and surrounding villages that lead him to points of interest, including Gallows Hill, where the locals were hanged after their crimes and misdemeanors, his interest is also taken by a local monastery, which squire describes as a ruin, but Fanshawe can see through the binoculars that it is clearly not, he investigates and pays a visit to the monastery site and shocked to find out that there are only a few stone remains? Fanshawe does not have too much time to think about this tremendously when he falls dark, he feels he is seen, he feels a presence, he begins to see shadows in the woods, scared, he runs home. During the dinner, he gives details of his harsh day to Squire, Patten hears the story and suggests an explanation for it. The telescope! they used to belong to a local man named Baxter, as the apparently collected bones and skulls from Gallows Hill, cooked them up for some clash or other, Baxter had disappeared mysteriously one night, the late Squire had acquired his belongings, including a mask made of a skull and some old etchings of the area. These etchings fascinate Fanshawe as they portray the monastery he has seen through the binoculars, but he learns that the monastery had been destroyed during the reign of Henry VII, and therefore it would be impossible for Baxter to have drawn the sketches, the less they are signed and dated by Baxter for the last time, so he concludes that the binoculars have some particular power. That night he has horrible live dreams when he wakes up, takes off the binoculars to look more closely at the monastery through them, what he finds surpassing him, but has he put himself at risk of doing so? Fanshawe is finally caught in his dangerous occupation when the darkness falls Squire and a search party is looking for the now missing archaeologist, they are warned by dozens of loud rolling rolling crows circling over Gallow's HIll, they speed up their speed, but they will be in time to help or save Fanshawe from his fate? The ghost story of the Christmas series of movies made by the BBC unfortunately ended its first film round in 1978 with The Ice House, they were mostly based on the work of the great M.R. James. In 2005 and 2006, the series was revived briefly and fortunately, A View from a Hill also marked a return to James's work whose ghostly writings have haunted many generations of readers. Director Luke Watson, who is new to the series, may have been worried about the older movie fans, but he returns to the period left by the later films that immediately set the tone for a fantastic Ghost story, his direction is Secured as he remains faithful to the master's mood works and gradually builds the fear factor into a frightening climax, constantly keeping what the viewer sees at a minimum, and hence the tension and mystery. The autumn landscape gives the atmosphere, the falling leaves and the low-lying sun, giving a disturbing backdrop to the creepy events that come. The cast it must be said is all excellent and is perfectly cast in their respective roles. The idea behind the binoculars is simple but very effective, the use of a man-made object to see supernatural beings and events that the naked eye cannot see can even have influenced Álex de la Iglesia in his film La habitación del niño (2006 ) of the following year, with which it has a striking resemblance. I had heard mixed reviews of this movie, but I have to say that I found it all the time exciting and it even raised a few hairs upside down and gave me a few shakes, something that doesn't happen much these days, I think Any negativity Around the film can only be attributed to its pacing, which to my eyes is perfection, but for modern audiences it will be considered deadly slow. Lots of time is given, even within its short 40 minute run, for character development and plot expansion, and I have to say it is a new favorite of mine and definitely one of the better movies of the decade.
