In 2005, there were no fewer than 3 filmed productions by H. G. Well's great novel, "World of War". This is perhaps the least known and probably the best of them. No other version of WotW has ever tried not only to present the story as much as Wells wrote, but also to create the atmosphere of the time it was to take place: The last year of the 19th century, 1900? using Wells' original setting, in and near Woking, England. <br /> <br /> IMDb is unfriendly for what they consider "spoilers". This may be the case with some films where the end may be a surprise, but compared to one of the world's most famous novels, it seems positively stupid. I have no sympathy for people who have neglected to read one of the usual works in English literature, so let's get the right hunt. Foreigners are destroyed by catching a soil disease that they have no immunity. If it's a spoiler, be it too; After a book and 3 other movies (including the 1953 classic), you should know how this ends. <br /> <br /> This movie that follows Wells' plot in the main is also very cleverly presented ?? In a way that can put many viewers away because of their ignorance of late 19th / early 20th century photography. Although filmed in a widescreen aspect, the movie goes to some lengths to give an impression of concurrence. The overall color of skin and clothing shows a sepia color, often found in old photographs (instead of black). Colors are often reminiscent of hand tone. At other times, the colors are washed out. These variations are typical of early films that did not use standardized celluloid material and therefore presented many changes in print quality, even from black and white to sepia / white to blue / white to red / white and so on? as you will see here occasionally. The special effects are deliberately retrograde, of a kind seen as late as in the 1920s ?? And yet the martyrs and their machines are much that wells described them and have an almost realistic "feel". Some of the effects are really awkward ?? like the destruction of Big Ben. The action is often more in line with the period than ours. Some aspects of the Victorian dress may seem odd, especially the use of pomade or brilliantine on the head and facial hair. This movie is the only one that comes with any closeness Wells' original story ?? as it has been noticed. Viewers can find it informative to note plot details shown here which are occasionally preserved in other versions of the story. Wells' description of the Martians ?? a huge head mounted on numerous tentacles ?? is effectively portrayed. When the Martian machines appear, about an hour in the movie, they also give a good impression of how Wells described them. Both Wells and this film do an excellent job of portraying the march's progress from the limited perspective (primarily) of rural England ?? plus a few scenes in London (involving the narrator's brother). The director is unable to resist showing the destruction of a larger landmark (Big Ben), but at least does not live terribly over London's destruction. Martian's victory is hardly a surprise, despite the destruction of some of their machines. The narrator who travels to seek refuge sees much of what Wells expresses "the route of mankind". He encounters a cure equipped with the Victorian suffering of an overly precious and nervous personality. They eventually find themselves on the edge of a martyrdom where they discover a terrible fact: The Martians turn out to be vampires who consume their prey alive on a very effective scene. Wells adds that after eating they create "a long-lasting and cheerful hooting". The narrator finally has to make meaningless the still hysterical curate ?? who revives like Martians pulls him out to the closet (bowl from the gallery, British curates are so often unbearable). <br /> <br /> This movie lasts almost 3 hours, through Wells' history in more elaborate details. It's time for the author to blame? in a convincing presentation based on dramatic impact. A word about the action: Don't expect award-winning performances. They are not bad, but the actors are serious and they grow on you. However, most of them have had very shortened film careers, often only in this movie. The narrator is played by hunky Anthony Piana, in her second movie. Curat is John Kaufman ?? also in his second film as an actor, but who has had more experience in leading. The brother ("Henderson") is played with some conviction by W. Bernard Bauman in his first film. The Artilleryman, the only other major part, is played by James Lathrop in his first film. <br /> <br /> This is a great movie that first featured World of Warcraft as Wells wrote it. Despite its weaknesses, it is far better than any of its hyped-up competitors. If you want to see H. G. Wells' World of War ?? and no completely distorted version of it ?? watch this movie!
