Imagine that you could have something you wanted, go anywhere you wanted, be something you'd ever dreamed of being through the thought alone. Imagine sharing this gift with the love of your life. What would you do? Would such forces be worth your soul? This is the dilemma presented to Captain Christopher Pike in "The Cage", the now legendary pilot episode of the original Star Trek series. Famous for being "for cerebral" and "too cold" by NBC brass and rejected, "The Cage" was nevertheless the most ambitious and expensive pilot ever made in the network history, and Gene Roddenberry did not want to let all this effort and expense are wasted, resulting in this truly classic Star Trek episode involving "The Cage" for a frame story that deepens and expands the emotional and philosophical depth of this ghost story, a landmark of television history and one of the first really serious sci-fi stories ever filmed for the small screen ... Star Date 3012: USS Enterprise redirects to Starbase 11 after Mr. Spock receives an urgent message from the former Commander of Enterprise. Surprisingly, the message may not be from the captain's maid after all, as he is now limited to a wheelchair, mute and terribly disfigured after a tragic accident. Kirk and Starbase commander Commodore Mendez are trying to get to the bottom of the mystery, but before the matter can be clarified, Spock - for reasons not yet known - commits an act of open mutiny, kidnapping the helpless captain Pike and hijacking Enterprise via An excellently thought-out and timetable, aided by a pair of Vulcan nerve pins. Soon, Enterprise is heading for the remote forbidden planet Talos IV. Mendez informs Kirk that Talos IV is under interdiction, and any contact with the planet from Starfleet vessels or personnel carries an immediate death sentence, meaning that Spock will apparently destroy himself and Kirk as the captain will be held liable for the ship's activities . Appalled, Kirk and Mendez hunt in a shuttlecraft, which itself becomes dangerous when Enterprise refuses to answer their calls or pick up the craft until power and oxygen are almost gone. Spock - knowing that Kirk must be the one who follows the ship - is of course unable to send the captain to a particular death. After ordering the vessel to be picked up and the residents beamed on board, Spock reveals what he has done for McCoy and demands to be arrested after putting the ship on an irreversible course to Talos IV. Kirk calls for an explanation, after which Spock requests an immediate court battle by a tribunal of commanders from Starfleet - three of whom are aboard - Mendez, Kirk, and the crippled invalid Captain Pike. Spock's encyclopedic knowledge of Starfleet rules allows him to manipulate the tribunal to allow him to present otherwise unacceptable evidence. Spock presents video footage of the only contact ever made between the Federation and the inhabitants of Talos IV - a journey that was taken 13 years earlier by Enterprise even under Pike's command. Kirk expresses doubts about the authenticity of the video because of its utmost detail, but the reality of the depicted events is confirmed by Pike himself, who turns out to be lured to Talos IV by an emergency call from the alleged survivors of a federal research vessel there. crashed there 18 years earlier. Among the survivors is Vina, a wonderful beauty has been born just before the disaster. Pike is attracted to the girl and allows her to lure him to an isolated place where he is guided and trapped by the talos, a race of androgynous humanoids with enormous cranial capabilities and power to transform thoughts into virtual reality. After Pike's catch, the rest of the "survivors" disappear as none of them really existed except Vina. The section ends when the Tribunal learns that Spock's "evidence" is actually transferred to Enterprise directly from Talos IV, contrary to the Starfleet rules. Starfleet orders an immediate disconnection of the transmissions, and we wonder what will happen next ... Continued in a review of "The Menagerie: Part II"!
