The menagerie parts one and two were the only two parties during the 3-year run of the original Trek series, and that was because Roddenberry was able to insert most pictures from the first pilot "The Cage". The move was made of necessity to combat deadline problems of getting episodes produced (such a sf show back in the 1960s was a hassle to finish on time). A positive result was then that the audience, who was not aware of the pilot produced nearly a few years earlier, was treated to a brand new crew and captain of these two episodes beyond the normal cast of characters as if the producers had spent double the money on these episodes to present a television epic thrilling a dozen years of Starfleet storyline (though they still used terms like "United Space Fleet" in these early episodes). The wraparound story begins as a Space Mystery Plot: The company is redirected to Starbase 11 for unknown reasons, and very soon Spock is a suspect in these shenanigans. It is astonishing that although McCoy senses the fact that Spock's Vulcan heritage makes it impossible for him to actually carry out some fatal schema to Shanghai, our precious starship and kidnap his former captain Pike, now terribly paralyzed. Well, Spock is half human, we tend to forget. Or is he simply angry? It may well be because he leads the Enterprise to Talos IV, a planet so unlimited that it is the subject of the only known death penalty on Starfleet's books. When the jig is up, there is a fantastic scene of Spock surrender to a flabbergast McCoy, whom Uhura looks at in shock. Even Kirk, usually stable as a captain, must not know what to do about his first officer's illogical behavior. In the third and final action, we begin to see transferred images of a mission of Enterprise from 13 years before when Capt. Pike was commander and Spock was one of his officers. We really don't know where all this goes and what Spock hopes to achieve - and that's another thing that makes this a very good 2-party - we really need to find out what it's all about in 2. share. Spock is not only facing serious penalties, but it seems that Church's career can also be finished. Double fare, folks. This is also the first television episode to be one of those shuttlecrafts (no one was available in the former "The Enemy Within" since the crafts were really needed). There is also one of those neat math paintings to convey the atmosphere of a futuristic star-based - that was the only way to visualize such things at that time. Finally check out the Church's alley approach at the beginning of the episode - boy, let things go sideways on him as the story progresses.
