You shouldn't take what I'm saying easy. I have seen many, many films and have gone through a large part of them in print. So when I tell you that this movie has the only funniest scene I've ever seen in a movie, you might want to listen to me. There are many different opinions about what makes this incredibly stupid movie as fun as it is. And to those who just didn't get well, I can't blame them too much. The scene I'm talking about comes in about 30 minutes of mark and involves a dead prison attached to John Candy. Until that time I had found the movie stupid, confusing and it started to lose me. When this scene came up, I laughed so hard I looked at my pants. No movie has ever done it to me before. When the project started, "Going Berserk" was supposed to be the SCTV movie. I remember it was announced. As time went on, the casting was turned down to John Candy, Joe Flaherty & Eugene Levy. There must also have been a regime change at Universal while it was shot because it was released at almost NULL theaters. When I looked at this another time, I listened to the theme song (which actually flaunts how incomprehensible the plot is in the lyrics), relaxed my logical nerve and figured out what was going on. Apart from the above routine, "Going Berserk" has many other hilarious scenes to recommend it. This is almost a 3 Stooges flick, except that it is much more fun. Director David Steinberg has sharp sharp timing, and he has to laugh all through this. With regard to Candy, who is essentially responsible here, he has never been more fun. With all the plot units and explanatory scenes thrown out of the window, he runs wildly. Flaherty and Levy follow him effortlessly. There is a plot, but it is a plot that "Animal House" had a plot, and yes, the script is uneven and a little slow to start. However, when you know this, you can appreciate the full SCTV style that arises. It's stupid, but it's stupid for purpose, and you have to remember it when you see it. See it and discover for yourself if it has the funniest scene of all the time in it.
