Oh God . Yet another example of "Oireland" and religion. No doubt we'll see some depressing nonsense with some "hunky and macho freedom fighters" from the IRA. Well that was my first reaction when the credits started, but just over an hour and a half later I was in a state of shock. What a great movie <br /> <br /> The story begins on the day of the wedding between Sean Cloney and Sheila Kelly in the 1950s. There is a small problem when they marry in the Catholic Church, and that is Sheila's Protestant, but in order for the wedding to take place, Sheila makes a promise that her children will be raised Catholic and attend the Catholic school when they are old enough. The story - set in the 1950s - then jumps forward a few years when the Cloney daughters are starting school, but Sheila has decided that they will attend the local Protestant school much to disgust the local priest Father Stafford. From there, things are escalating <br /> <br /> Let me put my cards on the table and state that although I have both Irish Catholic and Scottish Protestant heritage, I was admitted as an agnostic and have considered myself an atheist throughout my adult life. In fact, when it comes to religion, I consider myself a Marxist, and religion is a cynical weapon used to manipulate humans. A LOVE DIVIDED shows what happens when self-appointed moral guardians take it upon themselves to tell other people what to think and believe. Do I have to say that if Karl Marx saw this movie, would he love it and call it a masterpiece? Maybe I should not, since the drama of this story, show what happens when other people think of you <br /> <br /> In response to the few reviewers who have claimed this movie, the worst kind of propaganda I am not It does not claim to know the exact details of what happened in County Wexford, and there is no denial that Father Stafford and his bunch of Catholic sheep are portrayed as the evil ones, but Sheila is not harmless herself. Think of a woman living in a rural village in the 1950s Ireland, taking a promise to bring her children up as Catholics, she changes and believes there will be no consequences? This is a warning against making promises and not keeping to them. Not only that, but she disappears to let other people pick up the pieces of their broken lives. There is also something that no one else has picked up on, and that is that the only sign of any moral sensation is the former IRA man Andy Bailey, shown as gallant, not because he was a former IRA member (It makes a change. We're not talking about DEVIL'S EJ here), but simply because he's an atheist who has decided to think for himself <br /> <br /> A love is a great movie that has a lot to say for themselves, all that I agree with. If there is any kind of criticism, it feels too much like a TVM rather than a movie movie, but believe me I can live with it and is crucial for anyone who believes religion is the opium of the masses
