I never fail to be amazed and appalled by the evil that has been marked in the history of the world in the name of religion, and it seems that the Catholic Church's race in the twentieth century Ireland stands high up there near the top - given that history And today's wisdom should have had some calming effect. A love shared is the story of a true family who is frightened by ignorant intolerance and prejudice all in the name of an inane church doctrine. At the start of the film we get a view of the bucolic life in a small Irish village where Sheila and Sean Cloney are happily married to two young children. Sean is Catholic and Sheila is Protestant, but she has no problem with their children being raised as Catholic. There is no sign of any animosity between the Catholics and the Protestants in the village. The peaceful and loving relationships are soon shattered when Sheila wishes to have their older child attend the Protestant school. The local priest takes it upon herself to ban this "sin" and soon Sheila's husband and the entire Catholic population in the village have turned towards her as well as her father, the local dairy farmer. In an affair of despair and desperation, Sheila kidnaps her two daughters and flies from the area. <br /> <br /> Special note should be given to Orla Brady, who plays Sheila. She gives an extremely powerful performance where the viewer is drawn into the emotional trauma where she decides to reject the wishes of a man she loves deeply to express her eager desire to establish herself as independent of company pressure. Equally, Liam Cunningham, who plays Sean, for giving a realistic portrait of a man who is not as complex as his wife torn between his love for her and the influence of the church and society. <br /> <br /> If fiction, this movie would have been a compelling and interesting drama. Considering it's true, it turns into a terrible tragedy. In fact, the people and the village were never completely removed from the events that took place there. It took nearly half a century for the Church to acknowledge its negative role in the events, and although Sheila and Sean lived their lives in the area, they never completely disappeared from what the religious leaders and their villagers had done for them. <br /> <br /> Whether denying fundamental rights to optional education, colliding aircraft into buildings, submitting women, condemning whole races, or clearly torturing and murder, we certainly have the ability to use religion as a strong negative power in our society.
