It would require Shakespeare's beauty and eloquence to do justice to this excellent cinematic feat. Nevertheless, I will give it a try. <br /> <br /> With regard to customizations of Hamlet go, this is already a better starting point than any other version as it includes the whole game. Nevertheless, there is no guarantee of a first-class movie, or even a good one. Normally, I'm not much for movies that are obsolete, and the trend that seems to prevail in Hollywood today, namely that movies must be at least two hours long, preferably three, is one that hopefully won't last long. Few stories are strong enough to withstand such extensive exploration and could do with some cuts. Making a four-hour movie and keeping it interesting is not a small business, but Kenneth Branagh pulls it off with flying colors. He has managed to make a very long film seems no more than any average movie. I was completely set up from start to finish. <br /> <br /> Casting is excellent with Kenneth Branagh himself as the tormented prince, giving a strong and memorable performance. He manages to convey his feelings admirably through his voice, and one does not have to be an expert on Shakespeare's verse to capture the innumerable feelings leading into him. Kate Winslet was a positive surprise I must say. I didn't know what to expect really. I always wanted her well enough as an actor, but was not sure she could withdraw from playing Shakespeare. Well, she surely eliminated any doubts about her performance. She is the best Ophelia I have seen and borrowed such depth for the character and was simply wonderful. Other brilliant performances are Derek Jacobi as Claudius, Richard Briers as Polonius and Nicholas Farrell as Horatio just to name a few. I liked that Branagh used some internationally more famous stars to play in some of the smaller roles; I especially enjoyed sparring between Hamlet and the digger, which Billy Crystal played. <br /> <br /> The setting of the 19th century drama gives a welcome change to the usually gloomy gothic settings. It is generally much lighter than other versions I have seen, more colorful and lavish, but it does not derive from the drama's tragedy. It is extraordinary, stylish and aesthetically pleasing, a certain joy for the eye and other senses as well. The music of Patrick Doyle is, as always, magical and thoroughly in keeping with the film. One can only feel a deep sense of satisfaction after seeing this. I am shocked and appalled that this exquisite work of art does not win an Oscar for the best picture, even more so it was not even nominated. There is no way there was a better movie made that year or any other year for that matter. This is as close to perfection as you can hope to get. <br /> <br /> In summary, a fantastic work with pure genius and I can't see how anyone could top this. My hat is out for you Mr. Branagh.
