William Shakespeare would be very proud of this particular version of his game. Not only is it the best movie version of it, but it is also the only complete version of Hamlet. Kenneth Branagh's Hamlet is simply a genius. Not only because it was written by Shakespeare, but also because it had the courage to do it all, even though it took just over four hours. <br /> <br /> We all know the story of the Prince of Denmark and his plot to avenge his father's death, so I will not go into the details of the story. However, I will tell you that the best part of this Hamlet version is not the amazing set or the amazing photograph, but the actors' interpretations of each character. I doubt you will find a better Polonius than Richard Briers' delicious portrayal. Plus, you can't go wrong with Julie Christie and Jack Lemmon. Also Derek Jacobi, a regular among Shakespeare adaptations, is magnificent as the antagonist of Hamlet. Of course we have to talk about Kenneth Branagh. He wowed the audience when he came on stage with his first trip with Shakespeare, Henry V. He expands with Hamlet. Sure, Olivier's presence was captivating, but I think Branagh's performance is wonderful. When you see him on the screen, it's almost as if he knew exactly how Shakespeare wanted the role to be played. How he was not nominated for an Oscar is a total mystery. At least, the film has received some nominations and even a strange choice for manuscripts. I guess they know how to write when they see it. <br /> <br /> All in all, you'll never find a richer and more sumptuous production of Bart's best games. To say that the technical aspects were awesome would be an understatement. If you love this game and are a fan of Shakespeare, you definitely have to check out this movie. Even if you don't really care about Shakespeare, the pictures will keep you occupied in the duration of the movie. You may not think you can go through it all at once, but you will soon find that you will pause it even more in this movie.
