Many don't think that Branagh's Hamlet movie is so good, but I have to admit that I think it's great. Like almost every production of Shakespeare, it has problems, and it has had to make tough choices that not everyone pulls out. The case of "secret doors everywhere" simply doesn't work. That element never achieves the vicious sense of metaphor or analogy as it seeks to do, resulting in the play being too sparse and losing its sense of brand of a thousand mysteries that are threatening. This is the biggest problem with this production. And even though it's a biggie, I'm also inclined to say it's the only problem. Almost everything else seems quite beautiful. Okay, so Branagh is a mite too old for the title role. And the relationship with Ophelia seems a little forced. And he becomes hysterical at times. But it is. No other complaints. Even with these errors, I think this version is prominent, and if it is not as powerful as a drama, it should be the literary work that it should just be. We get the full text of the longest version of the piece, innovatively and expensively brought to the screen, mostly spoken in perfect and modern and very understandable voices - though they sometimes speak too fast to get the massive text over. But in a staging of Shakespeare, it is simply not possible to speak slowly enough that the audience really appreciates the full depth of the language. For this you have to dive into the version versions of the players. <br /> <br /> All the actors in this version are simply fascinating and complete and instantly classic (including Jack Lemmon). Julie Christie as Gertrude is certainly one of the best ever and even the American actors are amazing, esp. Charlton Heston who plays King - who would have believed it? (A story goes around that Heston once played Hamlet on stage, and when a critic in the front row couldn't hold his hammy action and said loudly, "This is terrible!", Just Heston retorted right from the scene: "Now I wrote not this shit! "Of course, it's not true, but it's a funny story - and if it's true, a bold and ironic choice for Branagh to include Heston here.) Robin Williams as" Young Ozric "may not be young enough For that matter, but he makes it a comical one, which is justified. All in all, it is a very well-produced version, with most of the key scenes being, in my opinion, extremely memorable. Of course, I watched this movie, as I became interested in Shakespeare (and at the same time with Luhrmann's formidable Romeo + Juliet), and it made a good impression on me, which has to take into account some of my love for it. br /> <br /> All in all, I have to pronounce Branagh's Hamlet as my favorite, with Derek Jacobi's 1980s version of BBC a second. I probably think that Branagh's Shakespeare work more than most finds him an expert interpreter and popularizes, with a beautiful relaxed attitude to the words and a deep and appropriate and immensely enthusiastic understanding of the text. In the world of Shakespeare, the two brightest fixtures remain Olivier and Branagh, and while Olivier is the chief actor, Branagh brings Shakespeare down from the snobbery and artifice pedestal, and transforms it into villain and light and populist world-class compromise none of its dignity. Branagh, I think, brings forth a truer Shakespeare than the world has not yet seen. <br /> <br /> And then, 10 out of 10 for an amazing Hamlet.
