When I first read Hamlet, I couldn't help but think of the end of OUTRAGEOUS FORTUNE, where Bette Midler abandons the game because of how indecisive he is and says, "Give me Romeo some day." Five acts of a man trying to determine whether or not to kill his uncle? Seemed to be overkill for me. But on further reading I grew to really appreciate the game. I've seen the movie versions Olivier and Gibson (and part of the Nicol Williamson version), and everyone takes their model from Olivier; the melancholy Dane. Olivier did it at least without being self-satisfied about it, but Gibson and from what I saw, Williamson, looked as though they were going to "Look, Ma, I'm acting! I'm acting!" school. <br /> <br /> Now comes Kenneth Branagh's version, which is great from start to finish. It was completed # 2 on my top ten in 1996 (behind THE ENGLISH PATIENT, and in front of LONE STAR, JERRY MAGUIRE, FARGO, SECRETS & LIES, ALL SEGER, I LOVE YOU, flirting with disaster, great night and watching Richard) and It's the best Hamlet, and perhaps the best Shakespeare, set for film. Branagh's talents as a filmmaker to make the full-length version, in 70mm print and not lose our interest for four hours, is quite clear, but what seems to be overlooked in discussions about this movie is his performance in the title role. This was my favorite achievement of the year long. Branagh avoids the melodrama that actors seem to be trapped in by playing Hamlet as a normal, regular human being and making us understand his actions and emotions every step of the way. And unlike Olivier, who mostly depends on his voice, Branagh uses his entire body to demonstrate the range of feelings that Hamlet goes through, but as he plays him as normal, it doesn't seem to be naturally chewed. <br /> <br /> The rest of the casting is also top class. I didn't even remember Jack Lemmon, though I agreed that he was the weakest member of the cast. The most surprising trip came from Charlton Heston; I've always found him stiff as a board, but he's quite commanding as Player King. The second big surprise was Billy Crystal; I thought I would find him all wrong as 1. Gravedigger, but he was his usual fun himself while he was in character. All in all, a brilliant movie!
