This was the second of two filmed "Hamlets" in the nineties, the first being Franco Zeffirelli with Mel Gibson from 1990. Zeffirelli's version, as Laurence Olivier of 1948, was based on a shortened version of the drama with much of Shakespeare's Original Text is cut. (I've never seen Tony Richardson's 1969 version, but as it ran for less than two hours, shorter than Zeffirelli's, I suppose it was shortened too). Kenneth Branagh tried something much more ambitious - a movie based on the complete text of the game with a maturity of about four hours. <br /> <br /> With his "Henry V", Branagh Olivier's crown claimed the cinema's leading Shakespearean, confirming his claim with his brilliant "Very Ado on Nothing", a rare example of a fantastic movie based on a Shakespeare comedy . "Hamlet" was his third Shakespeare movie director (he also appeared as Iago in Oliver Parker's 1995 "Othello") and, as you might expect, is much different from "Very Ado ??." The former film, shot in a villa on the hills of Tuscany and the beautiful surrounding countryside, is a joyous summer movie about everything that makes life worth living. <br /> <br /> "Hamlet", on the other hand, is determined in the depths of winter. (The flowers in the description of Ophelia's death indicate that Shakespeare himself was thinking of the action taking place this summer). The appearance of the film is particularly striking, both lavish and cool. It was filmed at Blenheim Palace, possibly England's most magnificent state home, but also a prohibited ban. The snow-covered exterior scenes are cold and wintry; The interior is formal and elaborate. The story has been updated to the mid-nineteenth century; the female characters carry the elaborate modes of that era, while the primary men have most of excellent military uniforms. (There is a contrast here with Zeffirelli's film, where both the interior and the costumes were deliberately subdued in tone). The game is dominated by images of corruption and decay; Branagh's intention may have been to contrast a beautiful surface with the underlying "something rotten in the state of Denmark". <br /> <br /> The movie is known for the large number of big name actors, some of them in much smaller roles. (Blink and you might miss John Gieldgud or Judi Dench). Apparently, an all-star cast of the production company, which was nervous about a four-hour movie, is required. Some of the imported Hollywood stars, such as Robin Williams' Osric didn't really come out, but others like Charlton Heston's Player King or Billy Crystal's First Gravedigger played their parts very well. Yorick, usually only seen as a skull, is seen here in flashback, played by British comedian Ken Dodd. Brian Blessed, who often plays jovial characters, is thrown at the ghost type and makes the scenes where he seems to be really scary. <br /> <br /> Of the great characters were perhaps the weakest Kate Winslet's Ophelia. Branagh's leading lady in his first two Shakespeare films was his then-wife Emma Thompson, but their marriage ended in divorce in 1995. However, I found that Thompson had been cast into the role; Although Winslet entered Ophelia's crazy scenes, she seemed weak in the past, where her character is still healthy. (I preferred Helena Bonham Carter in Zeffirelli's version). Richard Briers plays Polonius with a greater dignity than he is often given, a wise and experienced advisor rather than a talking old fool. Julie Christie also brings dignity to Gertrude's role; there is no attempt here as with Gibson and Glenn Close in the Zeffirelli version, to suggest an incestuous connection between her and Hamlet. (An interpretation that owes more to Freud than it does to Shakespeare). The age difference between Christie and Branagh is large enough to be credible as mother and son, which was certainly not the case with Close and Gibson. (Oliviers Gertrude, Eileen Herlie, was bizarre, thirteen years younger than him). <br /> <br /> Branagh said his intention to restore the scenes that are often cut into movie versions was to "strengthen the idea that play is about a national as well as domestic tragedy." Much stress is put on the war with Norway and the Norwegian prince Fortinbras - a subplot completely ignored by Zeffirelli. This emphasis on national tragedy is perhaps best shown in Claudius' character, sometimes played as a one-dimensional villain. There is something about Derek Jacobi's performance that suggests that Claudius could have been a good man under various circumstances, but that he allowed himself to be derived from ambition and desire. He could have been a good and loyal servant to his brother, but chose to rule as a poor king. Although he is afflicted with guilt, he cannot see any way to change the evil he has done. <br /> <br /> Branagh, a wonderful floating speaker of Shakespeare's verse, is outstanding in the lead. Like Gibson, he has some time for the old Hamlet concept as indecisive, passive and melancholy. His is an active, physical, energetic Hamlet, something best shown in his mortal duel with Laertes. His guiding principle is not the world's tired despair, but an active disgust for evil and corruption. It was a gamble for Branagh to make a four-hour epic, and the movie did not do well at the box office. However, it was praised by many critics, James Berardinelli was particularly enthusiastic. My own opinion is that Branagh's gamble rejected artistic conditions, whatever the financial results might have been. By concentrating on the full text, he was able to produce the full meaning and full emotional power of Shakespeare's most complex games. When I went through his "Very Ado," I said it was the biggest movie in a Shakespeare comedy. His "Hamlet" may just be the greatest movie of a Shakespeare tragedy. 10.10
