The grand epic as it is, Kenneth Branagh's monumental rendition of what is perhaps William Shakespeare's most popular tragedy, suffers from the weight of his four-hour playtime and certainly takes a real residency. Two completely separate meetings would most likely be better to fully understand what is certainly high class filmmaking. Though I definitely recognize this masterpiece as such, I must confess a lack of enthusiasm for the old bourgeois flamboyance, his rhetoric (and he looks so good) and his many flourishes. Thus, "Hamlet" loses its influence as it loses its grip. From Patrick Doyle's music to Alex Thomson's movie to Tim Harvey's exquisite set, the film is a feast of visual and responsive delights that compliment a fine cast. Branagh has taken on three great mantles, adaptation, steering and games. His adaptation is fantastic, his direction strong, but when he came to Hamlet's role, the excitement seemed to show; but yet he does a good job in what is an incredibly taxable role. Derek Jacobi happily gobbles up the scary Claudius, and Julie Christie is most dramatic as her queen, Gertrude. Richard Briers is wonderful as Polonius, and Charlton Heston is once again a strong screen player playing King. Many others pass by, including Jack Lemmon (excellent in a very small role), Billy Crystal, Dame Judi Dench, Sir John Mills, Sir John Gielgud, Sir Richard Attenborough and Gerard Depardieu. However, the acting award must go to one of the great thespian discoveries in recent years, Kate Winslet. Hers is a moving portrayal of the most tragic figure throughout this affair, Ophelia. To finish (before this review goes beyond the movie), I have to say that it is the length that really tests the viewer in this movie. Branagh has aimed for purpose and provides many important, influential scenes. For many of them, they welcome. Watching this movie keeps a great reminder of the many wisdom beads we've got from it. "Neither a lender nor a borrower is" or "be true to yourself". And of course: "To be or not to be". The two opening hours take some persistence, but if you manage to keep yourself tuned, you're sure to be treated to a rousing finale that gathers momentum from the tragic funeral ahead. <br /> <br /> Monday, June 8, 1998 - Hoyts Croydon
