The picture of movie studios that are financially driven rather than creative is not without truth (in fact, it is more true than false). This touches on the question why Castle Rock Entertainment allowed Kenneth Branagh to create a full-length, uncomplicated version of "Hamlet" with its complete creative control. Of course, Branagh would have to accept some concessions (a stellar and a 2.5-hour wider release), but why would the film studio allow Branagh to spend money on a 4-hour version that they knew would see? Could they at least in this case have sufficient respect for the material and Branagh's vision of creating something for just a few people? It's not a question I can answer. Whatever the reason, this is a brilliant vision for those who are willing to spend four hours watching "Hamlet". Everyone knows the story, so I won't spend much time on it. But unlike other productions of the game, including the scene, this is a completely untapped production that has never been done before. According to some, Shakespeare has never intended to produce the game unclear, leaving the decision on what to include at the director's discretion. Having said that, I have no doubt that if he could see it, Bard would have been delighted with Branagh's production. <br /> <br /> The movie is heavy with movie stars, although most only have a few parts. Everyone plays their parts as well. I would have thought Branagh was too old to play Hamlet, and while he is still, his performance does more than that. Hamlet is a complex part that shows all the emotions from grief to anger, happiness to madness and everything in between. Branagh nailed it. Derek Jacobi is great as the wise Claudius whose deception and betrayal put all these things in motion; His unique voice is perfect for the role. Julie Christie is also very good as Gertrude, Hamlet's caring mother, who doesn't know what's going on until late in the game. <br /> <br /> The classic actors are thrown into pieces (Judi Dench is for everyone in 60 seconds and has no lines), but at least they are in it. Surprisingly, nobody takes this to heart; Everyone gives it their all and it shows. Special mention should go to Jack Lemmon and Billy Crystal who are excellent. Robin Williams is a little too silly, but he is not bad (his part is still small). <br /> <br /> But it's certainly Branagh's show. He adapted one of the most famous plays in history, thus taking a whale of a project; It's impressive that he got it done, but the fact that the movie is so good is a monumental achievement. What I really liked about this movie is that you don't have to be a Shakespeare teacher to enjoy it. As most people know, Shakespeare is difficult to digest, but Branagh and his pots understand this. "Hamlet" is still extremely fun to just sit and listen to the actors delivering the brilliant dialogue and excellent acting. <br /> <br /> This is a must see for everyone and everyone. It can be four hours long, but it is definitely worth it.
