First, what I didn't like. The action was not really up to the Hamlet standard. Branagh was really over-the-top, doing a lot of shouting for the most part. In my opinion, the actors who were not big-name celebrities generally did a better job; although I would except Billy Crystal and Robin Williams. (And also Charlton Heston, but I wasn't sure if he was playing a hack.) Many of the ambiguities in the play were clearly resolved in flashbacks. What I think speaks a lot in this game is the advantage that it is available. Shakespeare is hard to understand for the vast majority of people today; Many people are not even inclined to try because of their reputation as serious literature and its archaic English. If they see this movie, they clearly understand one man's interpretation of the game. They want to see it more when the Shakespeare audience saw it: a game of swords and battles and powerful kings and nobles, murder and incest and evil schemes and ghosts - and great art if you care to look for it, but in Shakespeare's Today most did not, more than most people do now. Branagh's overactive and his compulsion for his interpretation of the story of the viewer may impair Shakespeare's art, but it is better that modern audiences get a piece of it rather than nothing. <br /> <br /> However, I must say one more thing. Some people complain that "it was set in the 19th century and it was not Shakespeare's time". Well, in Shakespeare's time, their costume and landscape were their own day for all their plays. Shakespeare may have said it is in ancient Rome or the Middle Ages or anything, but he did not dress up his characters as they were, he used costume from his own time. For the same reason, his acting is full of anachronism. For example, in King John, English and French have guns - in Robin Hood's day. In Julius Caesar, they talk about the chimneys that should not be invented for another thousand years, and in Henry IV they talk about Machiavelli, who was not even born yet. So I think this objection is stupid - you might as well complain that the game is not in Danish (they do not live in Denmark)?
