Still in school age and I have to learn Shakespeare almost constantly for the past four years (which is very off-putting by any writer, no matter how good), I didn't really expect to enjoy this movie when my English teacher sat down it on; I thought it would be the typical English lesson movie: bad acting, terribly shot, poorly edited and the dreaded horrible old dialogue, so as you can say, I was just ready to go into a coma from the run. But I watched, and much to my disturbance I found not only alert but actually also enjoying the movie. This production of Hamlet may be one of the best drama movies I've seen for a long time - and it really brings life to what I expect Shakespeare wanted his plays to be like (with the difference that this is a cinema) a lot better than my english teacher harking over the text could ever possibly. The story is good, the dialogue seems to flow with an unexpected grace that is far from boring (though it is a little difficult to keep an eye on if you are not used to Shakespeare's language) and even the smallest parts are done with a skill you would not expect; Mostly, perhaps because of the staggering number of cameos this movie has. Brian Blessed and Charlton Heston are as good as you would expect the two veterans to be, even in such small parts, but it is Robin Williams as Osric and Billy Crystal as Gravedigger who really stand out and give such smaller parts an unexpected zest, as well as offering some cartoon help in the midst of the tragedy. Of course, the main stars are wonderful too. Kenneth Branagh stands out as Hamlet, which not only brings the confusion and pain needed for the roll, but also a kind of sardonic air that plays beautifully in the comics, making the movie as a whole much more visible. The other big players are also good, but it is Kenneth Branagh who stands head and shoulders above the rest in the title role. <br /> <br /> The set pieces are often quite attractive and provide a refreshing change to the happy old castle corridors we are used to seeing in Shakespeare productions, as well as a true sense of land around them. Of course, the movie, taken as a movie in itself, is not without errors, but no major (pacing is the only real problem I can think of offhand, as well as prose for anyone who didn't care, as I said, shakesperean language) and especially in relation to the kind of Shakespeare productions I am used to seeing in the class, it is truly brilliant. It has even made me think of my former typical teenager's attitude on Shakespeare that his game is boring (I came to the conclusion that it is not the games that are boring, only the teachers who recite them in class) . If they only did all his acting in movies like this, English students in schools everywhere could have a higher meaning from Bard. Overall 7/10
