What an ambitious project, Kenneth Branagh, took on here and how well it was realized! This is the first filmed version of 'Hamlet' to use the full text of Shakespeare's games, but Branagh did not just because "it was there." His intention, I think, was to make the game accessible and understandable to the general viewer without stupidly speaking it down. In return, he asks the viewers to do a little work themselves, a fair enough proposal and one that is a good deal. <br /> <br /> The setting is a generic European European century, and it does more than it works well, keeping a modern or old look from possibly distracting from the work itself. Production design and film and both excellent, which helps immensely when you watch a four-hour movie. Branagh's casting is once again inspired, and the play is also. The direction does the great job of making this a movie rather than a deluxe version of a game. Since so much of 'Hamlet' is based on inner monologue, and there are relatively few duels, matches, etc., this can be a daunting task. But all that Branagh is trying to do seems to work. <br /> <br /> Branagh has always been one of the most interesting actors / writers / instructors, if not always the best, when he made his big splash with "Henry V." "A strangle I had with him was what I saw as a tendency to pound it up at times. In the hamlet from Hamlet, he may be accused of it again, but there is a method at work. Let's see, "Hamlet" is not an easy task for the average person to understand, and if you have never seen it done before, he or she needs help even though they have read the game. Hamlet has most lines of any Shakespearian character, and Branagh makes sure that his viewers know what this man thinks and feels throughout the movie, even if you don't know the literal meaning of each word word. This performance by Branagh was certainly worthy of an Oscar nomination. <br /> <br /> There are so many other great performances here they are almost too many to mention, but some of them need to be recognized. Derek Jacobi as Claudius is great, but he himself takes the back seat of Kate Winslet when it comes to handing out praise. Her portrayal of Ophelia is amazing in her depth of touch, made only better by the fact that she was only about 20 years old at that time! She sees me as the finest young actress around. Other super artists in no particular order are Richard Briers, Nicholas Farrell, Michael Maloney, and Reece Dinsdale and Timothy Spall as Guildenstern and Rosencrantz respectively. Honest mention goes to Julie Christie, Charlton Heston and Robin Williams, who successfully do his thing here successfully. Even Billy Crystal as a grave digger works. One cast member who is not inexplicably Jack Lemmon. In the actual opening scene he looks, and while the other three actors do a good job of putting the tense mood, Lemmon sounds as if he is just running lines in practice as a service. You know this must have been a real dilemma for Branagh, as everything else about the movies screams that it is a perfectionist's work. <br /> <br /> Not being facetious when talking about a four-hour movie, but it just seems a bit too long. Some monologues and conversations tend to go a little, if I can be so brave, and a little bit of discernment would be welcome. Have I forgotten anything other than Patrick Doyle's score? I certainly did. I just want to sum up by saying that Kenneth Branagh might have made the final movie version of 'Hamlet' and it will be a truly monumental production that tops it.
