Moonchild is a very difficult movie to categorize. It is easiest to think of it as more snapshots of the lives of the two key characters. That these characters are members of a street band set in a multicultural city in the near future, and that one of them is a vampire, does not prevent them from having moments like other people, and this is one of those places where this film is different from anything else I've ever heard of. It is not wrapped in that one of the protagonists is a vampire, it is just something to be treated like any other problem. How the characters interact is surprisingly realistic - there are embarrassing relatives and tricks that have to look cool, just don't work, leaving the movie a nice feeling of not taking care of the most for the most part. <Br /> <br /> The other area that really stood out for me is the languages. The fictional city of Mallepa contains various cultural groups, and characters speak the language they are expected to speak. Japanese gang members speak Japanese to each other, but Chinese when speaking with signs of Chinese descent. Possibly the most entertaining exchange involves an Australian and is conducted in English. The actors in the four likely protagonists have three separate mother tongues between them and speak different levels of each other's language, so it's quite a feat that the movie was made at all. As I assume, I bring myself to the main actors. <br /> <br /> Much has been made of the fact that the movie stars two of Japan's greatest rock stars, Gackt and Hyde, as well as Taiwanese superstars Lee-hom Wang, whether it is praising them for their action or criticizing it or just fangirl about them. In my opinion, Lee-hom is the best at playing an equal and realistic character. However, any inability to act on the Gackt side is mostly masked by the fact that the character he plays is prone to being over-dramatic. I was not sure if Hyde's character was to be as swaying and sarcastic as he came across, but it didn't detract from the movie either. <br /> <br /> There are several scenes that take pretty melodramatic turns, making it hard for them to affect me very emotionally (though it doesn't seem to stop many people). I found it best to just enjoy the movie for what it is and not take it too seriously - It's perfect to get out and see with a group of friends. It has its faults, but overall it was very pleasant and I would highly recommend it to anyone who doesn't mind some subtitles.
