Based on the idea from Gackt, Moon Child took place in a poverty-stricken country called Mallepa. In a futuristic timeline, the story followed the two main characters, Kei (HYDE) and Sho (Gackt) lives and their friends growing up together. <br /> <br /> Despite the fact that some actions may be too finished or perhaps humorous, I strongly believed that this is a film about friendship. Even among all the hardships between each character, eventually, each of them wanted to have someone on their side to make friends. Unlike most vampire characters, Kei designated a vampire who abhorred the idea of ​​having to kill to live. A vampire found friendship in the hand of a young boy, Sho, who is not afraid of Kei. Whatever some may have believed, I see Kei as a paternal figure to Sho. Kei was there all of Sho's past life, he took care of him and taught him to live in a world where power between gangs controls their lives. On the other hand, Sho, who may be seen as an innocent enthusiastic style young man, grew up to be a man who realized that life is not about fun and games that death exists and is capable of removing their loved ones. <br /> <br /> I love the part where Lee Hom, the actor who played Son, first appeared on the screen. The way they met was pretty cool. Son also has a big role in this movie, the fact that he is from another race, a Taiwanese, has had an influence on the friendship theme of the film. The way friendships were developed in spite of background differences was depicted in this film. <br /> <br /> I thought every actor did a good job considering that this was their first time appearing in such a big screen movie. Both HYDE and Gackt managed to act quite well and created completely credible characters. Unlike movies that had musicians, they became actors and filled the movie with songs, they have made good plays! Moon Child has really influenced me, it has given friendships a new meaning and consideration that we must value all friendships in our lives. The film shows a lot of hope, despite all the bad things that happen in their lives, that there is always hope. Life can be cruel, it seems hope no longer exists. It also shows a very strong sense of friendship between each other, even though Son became enemy, Sho had some kind of "fun" at their last fight. Every one of them wanted peace in the end, no matter how far apart they have become. The closing scene showed it to us.
