The third collaboration for Karloff and Lugosi looks a step away from Poe and into the line of science fiction series. Karloff plays Dr. Janos Rukh, created by an entity that can capture light rays through his telescope in the Carpathian Mountains and transform them into images that form a visual history of the universe. Before several guests, including Lugosi as Dr. The leg, an astrochemist who had previously spotted Rukh's theories, demonstrates the existence of an unknown radioactive element, here called "Radium X", contained in a meteor that fell to the ground in darkest Africa several thousand years ago. Karloff joins the expedition to prove his theories, but Radium X is a difficult composition - the levels of mountains at long range and cures blindness at a short distance. Rukh is careless and poisoning herself and glowing in the dark, like the old Ready Breck commercials! Dr. The leg is ready to devise an antidote to radiation, but the combination of poison and healing drove Rukh insane paranoid. Convinced he has been cheated, he seeks the members of the expedition in Paris, including his alien wife, and his much touch, while in his radioactive state means death ... <br /> <br /> Along the way we get Old pseudoscientific idea that the eyes of a dead occupy the image of their killer (a remarkably distinctive Karloff!) and the Radium X unit used for symbolic melting statues representing the expedition members. And even a touch of James Whale in a cockney hostess in Paris! <br /> <br /> The invisible ray is fun, except for the gothic opening, it is interesting to see Universal move the action around to Africa and Paris. The film lacks pace, but always absorbs. Karloff slightly exaggerates his performance, but Lugosi is fantastic. Universal used the basic history overview again in Man Made Monster, this time with Lon Chaney Jr. as the glowing threat (this time caused by electricity) and Lionel Atwill as a very madder doctor than Lugosi is here. The invisible ray is a gloomy and smart little movie with much to admire. Not as famous as other Universal Horrors, maybe, but it works and is very entertaining.
