The screaming gods Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi should be more than a reason for any genre-lover to watch a movie, and although the most convincing, they are not the only reason to see this little Sci-Fi / Horror gem. While Lambert Hillyer's "The Invisible Ray" from 1936 does not almost share the brilliance of other contemporary films starring Karloff ("Frankenstein," Bride Of Frankenstein "," The Mummy ", ...) or Lugosi (" White Zombie "Island) of the lost souls "," Dracula ", ...) or both (" The Black Cat "," The Raven "...), this is undoubtedly a very entertaining movie that no lover of cult cinema should consider missing. Compared to other Universal Horror images, the story seems a little stupid, but in a nice way. Of course, Karloff and Lugosi shine as always, and the movie also offers great scenes and excellent photography. Janos Rukh, a brilliant scientist who invented a technique to look into the past through a telescope and find out that a meteor has hit the earth thousands of years ago. Judged by Rukh's invention, the famous French scientist Dr. Felix Benet (Bela Lugosi) invites him to join an expedition to find the meteor. In Africa, Rukh makes a discovery that can create great charity and great destruction alike. It is a little strange that Karloff, who was actually British, plays a Hungarian scientist here, while Lugosi, who was Hungarian, plays a French scientist, but they are both good as usual. As far as I'm concerned, these two Horror Gods could probably have been filmed by reading the phone book, and I'm sure they would have done something about it - whether you're an icon of the Horror genre and that Together they are a treat for every fan of the genre. That way, this is one of the few films, if not the only one, where it is obvious that Lugosi was actually higher than Karloff. Frances Drake makes a very good female leadership in her role as Dr Rukh's beautiful young wife. The rest of the performance is also good, if not particularly worth mentioning. Besides the casting of Karloff and Lugosi, the film's greatest qualities are probably the atmosphere due to amazing settings and photography as well as the wonderful cheesy and very entertaining history. My biggest complaint is that I would have liked more screen time for Lugosi and for his role to have a little more importance. He is amazing as always, but his role could have been bigger and more eerie. Otherwise, "The Invisible Ray" is a wonderful entertaining movie that will satisfy any lover of classic Horror / Sci-Fi cinema, and a must-see for all my fellow Lugosi / Karloff fans.
