The thirty horror films that are best remembered are always like Dracula and Frankenstein; And there is a very good reason for that, but there were a number of smaller but still outstanding productions, and The Invisible Ray is definitely one of them. The plot is not very original, and similar plot has been seen many times before (just back in 1936), but the way everything is put together is certainly very imaginative and director Lambert Hillyer has created a very nifty little original horror movie. The foundation focuses on the good heart Dr Janos Rukh; a man who has discovered a way to recreate the history of the earth. His discovery leads him to believe that there may be an unknown radioactive element somewhere in Africa, and then he goes with a team of valued colleagues to find it. However, tragedy hits the expedition, and the good doctor stops being exposed to the item; which makes him shine in the dark and also sends him angry ... <br /> <br /> The biggest feature of the movie is undoubtedly the fact that it is the star's two largest horror stars - Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi, and both provides excellent performances. Karloff really shows what a good actor he is and his character has lots of meat for Karloff to impress with. Bela Lugosi has a role that is very different from what we are used to seeing him, and it is also a great achievement from him. It is nice to see a little versatility from Lugosi. The movie goes out to a rather slow start; but it will soon pick up. The other half of the movie is the best, and it really is when the movie gets exciting and Karloff gets a chance to shine (literally). The film does not focus on great special effects and largely depends on the actions of the central character to keep things interesting; And it works very well. The film remains interesting all the way through and boils down to a very decent climax that breaks everything up nicely. Overall, The Invisible Ray cannot be one of the very best horror films in the thirties; but it is a very good one and comes recommended.
