The story of Ned Kelly has been hailed in myth and exaggeration for time out of hand, and this film is no exception. What ensures that Ned Kelly has a permanent place in history is the effort he made to secure the odds against the policemen hunting him. During several battles, he marched out with beaten iron plates, from which the balls available to the police at that time would jump harmlessly. In fact, it is only because there were a few bright sparks among the Victorian police who noticed that he had not spotted his legs that he was caught and hung. History has been told in Australian schools and stories for so long that some permutations of history have become ironic enough. The more the stories try to portray Kelly as an inhuman or superhuman monster, the less people are aware. <br /> <br /> Where is this adaptation of Our Sunshine, a novel about the Kelly legend, stands out. Instead of trying to depict a Ned Kelly who is as uncomfortable as the armor he was wearing, the film quickly established him as a human. In fact, the turn of the popular legend showing the corruption of the Victorian police and the unsustainable situation of the colonists goes far to make this film stand out from the crowd. Here, Ned Kelly is simply a person who lives at a time and place where, in order to be convicted of murder, one should be the closest person to the body when a policeman found it. No I do not. About the only area where the film errs is exaggerating the Irish versus English mentality of the fighting. While the Kelly band was clearly Irish, Australia has long been a place where people with wildly diverse ethnic groups have been interfering almost seamlessly (a scene with some Chinese immigrants highlighting this). <br /> <br /> Heath Ledger does a great job of publishing Australia's most notorious ban. It is only because of the fame he has found in other films that the audience is aware that they see Ledger and not Kelly himself. Orlando Bloom has finally found a role in which he does not look completely lost without his bow and Geoffrey Rush's appearance as head of police conditional on Glenrowan goes to show why he is one of the most reverent actors in the deserted small island state . But it is Naomi Watts who appears as Julia Cook, who gets a bit of a bum deal in this movie. Although the movie essentially means that Cook was essentially the woman of Ned Kelly's life, but you wouldn't know it from the minimal screen time she's coming here. In fact, a lot of the film's hundred and ten minutes feels more freeze-dried than exploratory. Once the element of police corruption is established, the movie rockets go so fast at times that it almost feels hurried. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, most of the movie's forces are not activated. Rush hardly gets more screen time than his name does in opening and closing credits. Ditto for Watts, and the rest of the throw comes out a bit like mannequins. I can only conclude that another fifteen or even thirty minute footage could have corrected this. But that leads to the second problem, since the lack of any depth or background for signs other than the title leaves the history of history with zero effect. One scene manages to make voice preparation things good, but unfortunately it all becomes a collage of moments without connecting after a while. If one were to believe the impression that this movie is creating, a matter of weeks goes straight to days between the time Ned Kelly becomes a sought-after man on the so-called corrupt policeman and the infamous shooting game at Glenrowan. Annoying is the attempt and performance of Ned Kelly not even depicted here, just referred to in subtitles before the credits. <br /> <br /> Having said that, apart from some appalling camera work, Ned Kelly sometimes manages to portray some exciting shootouts, and it has a good start. That's why I rated it a seven out of ten. Other critics have not been so kind, so if you are not impressed by shootouts with unusual elements (and what could be more unusual than whole body armor in a colony shootout?), Then you might be better off looking elsewhere. Especially if you want a more actual account of Ned Kelly's life.
