Okay, note to the people who gather these screaming legends of DVD collections: I'm really grateful, and I greatly support the initiative, but ?? Have you even seen the movies before choosing them as part of the collection? When I bought the Boris Karloff collection, there were several films where the star only played a supportive and immaterial role ("The Tower of London", "The Strange Door"). However, "The Invisible Ray" is part of the Bela Lugosi collection, and here it is Boris Karloff, who overshadows Bela! This would actually have been a great title for the Boris Karloff collection instead! Bela Lugosi's character may be the most good-natured and serious he has ever portrayed throughout his career, and good old Karloff actually plays the crazy and dangerously occupied scientist here. "The Invisible Ray" contains three main chapters. The first one in Dr. Janos Rukh's carpathian castle is rather boring and requires a great deal of the patience of the viewer, but of course, the character and subject being discussed draws the basics for the rest of the film. Dr. Rukh (Karloff) demonstrates to a few prominent colleagues (among them Bela Lugosi as Dr. Benet) how he managed to capture extraterrestrial rays inside a self-made unit. The researchers are genuinely impressed with his work and invite Rukh and his lovely wife Diane to an expedition in the heart of Africa. There Dr. Rukh isolates himself from the group, discovers the essential element "Radium X" to complete his medical beam and goes completely bonkers after being overexposed to the meteorite itself. The third and final act is, of course, the best and most horrible, as it is about a good old-fashioned killing strain with brilliant gimmicks (melting statues) and a surprising climax. Karloff shines in the dark and convinced that the others are out to steal his discovery and even his life, he intends to remove them by means of his mortal touch. The narrative structure of "The Invisible Ray" sounds rather complicated, but the film is easy to follow and entertaining. The story is quite removed, yet convincing and director Lambert Hillyer gives more moments of pure excitement. Boris Karloff is really amazing and it is also Lugosi, although he deserved to have a little more screen time. Their scenes together are the highlights of the movie along with the shining images of the glowing Boris.
