Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi made many films together, but overall (interestingly enough) Karloff is usually the best man of the two. The real exception is "The Black Cat" (1934), where Karloff plays the evil ball of a devil's cult, and Lugosi seeks revenge on him to destroy his life. But more commonly, "Black Friday", where (regardless of his motive) Karloff is trying to improve brain surgery, while Lugosi is a murderous chew. In "The Raven" Lugosi is a sadistic surgeon who detests Karloff to help his evil plans until Karloff finally has had enough. Rarely are they both negative signs altogether. In "The Body Snatcher", Karloff kills Lugosi, but Lugosi tries to extort him. <br /> <br /> The one exception where they are both very sympathetic but cross-intertwined is this 1936 movie, which I rarely feel, had the audience accepting some of the other movies I mentioned. In it is Karloff's Dr. Janos Rukh a hard-driven scientific genius who has been snarled by the "official scientific community" for his theory that a rare form of radium is in Nigeria on a meteorite landing centuries ago. He has finally received support from a well-financed expedition led by Sir Francis Stevens and his wife Lady Arabella Stevens (Walter Kingsford and Beulah Bondi) and has another researcher, a Frenchman named Dr. Felix Benet (Lugosi), Rukh's young wife Diane (Frances Drake) and a friend and protégée of Stevenses are called Ronald Drake (Frank Lawton). <br /> <br /> Before leaving, Rukh is warned by his mother (Violet Kemble Cooper) that he may seek wisdom that he should not and it can end in tragedy. He's trying to dismiss this, but he's worried about what she says, his scientific standing, and whether he'll get his guilty credit. <br /> <br /> What he gets is a disaster. He finds the drug but is infected by the remarkable radioactivity. He finds that he is slowly burning up, and if he tries to touch people or animals, they die. In fact, he has built up a friendship or understanding with Benet, which depicts a kind of radioactive combat cocktail for Rukh to use to counteract the danger. But there are two things that are invincible here. The antidote can only last for a certain period and must be refilled. And the radioactivity has affected Rukh's brain. He is becoming more and more jealous of Diana's friendship with Ronald (encouraged, unfortunately, by Sir Francis and Lady Arabella), and he is just as worried that (because he has to pretend to be dead - the effects of radioactivity are so ) The leg and several others collect kudos by the wonders that "Radium X" gives to man. Soon, Rukh is a murderous rage that destroys many lives and ends with her own. <br /> <br /> The film is certainly a part of science. Madame Curie recently died of cancer she received due to working with Radium. Few fully understood the dangers of radioactivity in 1936, but some idea it was coming out. Rukh's wave of murder causes the newspapers to talk about a "curse" on the expedition. Of course, with the idea of ​​a cursed expedition (on the continent of Africa) for a hidden treasure buried centuries ago, funded by a designation of English, we have obviously not entered archeology not physics or geology (paging Howard Carter and Lord Carnaevon). <br /> On the other hand, Benet tries to solve the cause of the death string and returns to an idea that was actually demolished in 1888 in England. During Whitechapel Murders, Sir Charles Warren ordered the retinas of several of the dead victims to be photographed to see if the last picture on the retina was Jack the Ripper. It turned out that he only got photographs of the dead prostitute's retina. But the idea did not die. Jules Verne used it in his novel "The Brothers Kip" in 1899, and here Dr. Leg it. Since this is a science fiction story, he finds the picture of Rukh on the plate, but the leg accidentally loses the plate and it crushes. <br /> <br /> The movie is good for many reasons, the most interesting being that for a change Karloff and Lugosi are not unsympathetic to each other. There is a kind of tragic fatalism in this story that is missing from their other films. The other performances are also good, especially Mrs Kemble Cooper. She is best remembered as Basil Rathbone's scary sister (Jane Murdstone) in "David Copperfield". Here, her final act is the only way to end this tragedy, and who can say it didn't hurt her more than her goal.
