There is no doubt that the names of Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi during the decade of the 30s became a sure guarantee of great performances in high quality horror movies. After being Universal's "first monster" in the classic classic, "Dracula", Bela Lugosi became the quintessential horror villain thanks to his elegant style and his alien accent (unfortunately, this last factor would also make him mold over 40 'erne). In the same way, Boris Karloff's performance in James Whale's "Frankenstein" turned him into a man to look for when a good monster was wanted. Of course, it was only natural for these icons to end up sharing the screen, and the movie that unified them was 1934's "The Black Cat". This formula will be repeated in several films over the decade, and director Lambert Hillyer's mix of horror and science fiction, "The Invisible Ray," is another of the smaller classics they did in those years. <br /> <br /> In "The Invisible Ray", Dr. Janos Rukh (Boris Karloff) is a brilliant scientist who has invented an entity that can show scenes of our planet's past captured in light rays coming from the Andromeda galaxy. At the same time, he shows his invention to his colleagues, Dr. Felix Benet (Bela Lugosi) and Sir Francis Stevens (Walter Kingsford), discover that thousands of years ago hit a meteor in what is now Nigeria. After this wonderful discovery, Dr. Rukh joining his colleagues in an expedition to Africa, searching for the mysterious meteor landing site. This expedition will not benefit Rukh when his wife Diane (Frances Drake) will fall in love with Ronald Drake (Frank Lawton), an expert hunter brought by Stevens to help them in their expedition. However, Rukh will lose more than his wife in that turn as he will forever change after being exposed to the invisible ray of the meteor. <br /> <br /> Written by John Colton (who previously did the script for "Werewolf of London"), "The Invisible Ray" had its roots on an original sci-fi story by Howard Higgin and Douglas Hodges. Considering that this was a movie with Karloff and Lugosi, Colton attaches great importance to the horror side of his story and plays in a very effective way with the wrong research sheet type and adds a good dose of melodrama to spice things up. An element that makes "The Invisible Ray" stand out among other horror films in that era is the way Colton plays with morality throughout history. That is, there are not as many heroes and villains in the classical style, but people who make decisions and later face the consequences of these choices. In many ways, "The Invisible Ray" is a modern tragedy of obsessions, guilt and revenge. <br /> <br /> An experienced low-budget B movie director filmmaker Lambert Hillyer was given the chance to make 3 films for Universal Pictures, as the legendary study faced serious financial problems. Thanks to her limited resources experience, Hillyer's films were always very good despite the budget constraints, and "The Invisible Ray" was not an exception. While nowhere near the stylish Gothic atmosphere of formerly universal horror films, Hilly's film captures the essence of Colton's script as he gives this movie a dark and morbid feel more in tone with pulp novels than with straightforward sci-fi. Finally, a word about Hillyer's use of special effects must be said: for an extremely low budget film they look much better than those in several A-movies in the era. As usual in a movie with Lugosi and Karloff, the notion of these legends has an exceptional quality. As the film's protagonist, Boris Karloff is simply perfect in his portrayal of a man so blinded by devotion to his work that does not see the evil he releases. As his colleague, Dr. The leg, Bela Luogis is simply a joy to see, stealing every scene he's in and showing what an underrated actor he was. As Rukh's wife, Frances Drake is extremely efficient and really helps her character to become more than a lady in need. However, two of the highlights of the film are Kemble Cooper's performances such as Mother Rukh and Beulah Bondi as Lady Arabella, as the two actresses make the most of their limited screen time, making their entertaining roles unforgettable. Frank Lawton is also good in his role, but nothing surprising compared to the rest of the cast. <br /> <br /> If you judge this movie under today's standards, it is very easy to reject it as another cheap science fiction movie with bad special effects and careless jumbled pseudoscience. However, it would be a mistake that, despite the low budget, it is remarkably well done for its time. On top of that, considering that the film was made when the nuclear era was beginning and radioactivity was still a relatively new concept, ideas of radioactivity hazards are frighteningly accurate. One last thing worth pointing out is the interesting way the manuscript handles the relationship between characters, especially the friendship and rivalry that exists between the obsessive Dr. Rukh and the cold Dr. The leg, as this allows large scenes between the two iconic actors. <br /> <br /> Nowhere near the Gothic expressionism of the "Frankenstein" films or the elegant excitement of "The Black Cat", Lambert Hillyer's "The Invisible Ray" is definitely a smaller classic among Universal Pictures' catalogs of horror movies. With one of the most interesting screenshots of 30's horror, this mix of excitement, horror and science fiction is a highly underrated gem that even now delivers a good dose of entertainment with the greetings of two of the most amazing actors who the horror genre ever had: Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi. 8.10
