Karloff and Lugosi - Together Again! This is one of the movies that casual fans will pass over and tend not to appreciate so much. It's not an all-out horror movie like the duo's former two hits, The Black Cat and The Raven. But it is very worthwhile for both talents and is a fun movie when it is visited. The invisible Ray was directed by Lambert Hillyer, a director who mainly made Western, but curious about these last days of Laemmle's government at Universal, he found half this and Laemmles' last horror movie, Dracula's Daughter. Both are sharp, sharp fantasies that are very light on horror content despite the amazing elements. As Lugosi got lost in The Raven, it has to be said a lot about Karloff's hamming in The Invisible Ray. The one aspect of the story that is extremely unsatisfactory is that Karloff's character Rukh seems so crazy before being poisoned by Radium X that there really isn't much of a change when he begins to glow. This is very similar to the complaint people have about Jack Nicholson in The Shining - He's pretty much a loony right from the start. There is no real transformation. Same here. Halfway through Karloff simply has an extra purpose of revenge in his mind. I still enjoyed his performance as I did Lugosi's over-the-top antics in The Raven. Meanwhile, Lugosi surprises you completely and gives a sustained and thought-provoking trip as Rukh's rival in science Dr. Footed. Lugosi also has some of the best lines in the movie, including a memorable warning to police trying to catch Rukh, as I agree with horror movie author John Soister on - "And if he (Rukh) touches anyone?" the inspector asks. Lugosi hesitantly responds in a way that only Lugosi could deliver, "they die". Like Lugosi could be so off, he could also be more perfect than any actor. This is one of those moments. That's why Karloff and Lugosi's interactions are all very good as we get the crazy antics of Karloff paired with Lugosi's cool logic. Karloff would continue to play similar mad scientists many times, but one wants Lugosi to have played several equal roles like this one. He had only one chance (Ninotchka). <br /> <br /> The Invisible Ray is a fun movie and a real treat for the true Karloff and Lugosi fans. It is one of the films that is improving at every show, not because it is a masterpiece, but because of the charisma and talent of its stars and how this story complements the darker, more horrific mating they had. Special effects, of the ever-innovative John Fulton, are amazing and the supporting actors are all appropriate. Frances Drake looks as beautiful as she did in Mad Love and plays a strong woman, something rarely seen in classic horror movies. The scene at the end, when Karloff steals her and she doesn't scream, is one of the film's most joking moments. A great, fun movie!
