I'm sure not many people outside Australia have ever heard of Ned Kelly's legend. I once saw a documentary about the man, but that was the only time I once saw or heard anything about him. And I suppose this might be the biggest problem this movie has to face. No one knows anything about it and probably not many people will like the subject. <br /> <br /> The film tells the story of Ned Kelly's life. The Irish immigrant has lived in northwestern Victoria all his life, but has never been very welcome by the authorities. Police are always accusing him of everything they can think of, and they are harassing their family. When Kelly is concerned with the way everything goes, he forms a gang with his brother and two other men. They start stealing banks and even hijacking a whole city for 3 days. All this violence leads to a man hunt organized by the police, and when they kill three policemen, they are illegal. Finally, they take over a pub in Glenrowan, where they have a party with all the visitors and are waiting for a train full of police to track part of the track they revived. But the train is able to stop in time because someone warns them and what follows is a fight for life and death between the police and the four guns ... It's very hard to know if all that is displayed in the movie is true or false. I suppose no one really knows, because there will always be two camps, each of which will tell their own truth: a camp says he was a hero, some kind of Robin Hood, the others say he was a regular criminal, a killer and a thief. I really couldn't tell you which one is right, maybe both are, but what I can tell you is that the facts of the movie as well as the documentary were about the same. <br /> <br /> This movie was a great addition to the documentary I once saw, and I really enjoyed the performances of all the actors. Heath Ledger, Orlando Bloom, Naomi Watts, Geoffrey Rush are all well-known actors, but even the lesser-known actors show in this production that they all know what good acting should look like. I really enjoyed this movie and I give it a 7.5 / 10
