After borrowing this movie from the local library a couple of weeks ago that would initially see this or a few days after Memorial Day, I finally came to see Sayonara just this morning. In this one, Marlon Brando Major Lloyd plays "Ace" Mines, a generous son who has traveled in a certain way, which has been transferred from Korea to Japan, where his girlfriend Eileen Webster (Patricia Owens) is conveniently coincidentally. Before traveling, he tries to persuade one of his men, a Joe Kelly (Red Buttons), without marrying the Japanese woman Katsumi (Miyoshi Umeki), as it is a violation of military fraternity laws. With his romance and Eileen on outs, Ace is not just the best man at Joe and Katsumi's wedding. He falls for an Asian himself after he and Captain Mike Bailey (James Garner) go out on the town and look up the entertainer Hana-ogi (Miiko Taka) on stage. Bailey himself dates one of the dancers, Fumiko-San (Reiko Cuba). Eileen himself seems to have a desire for one of the Kabuki artists, Nakamura (Ricardo Montalban). I stop right there and say this was a most compelling drama about the prejudices regarding American-Asian romantic relationships that were very touching from the beginning to the end. Although Hispanic Montalban plays an oriental, it's not too embarrassing (though it's good that his part is short). And there are some nice touches of humor like Brando's head that hits the top of Button and Umeki's inner doorway more than once. Red and Miyoshi themselves deserve their Oscars especially Red with their tired and proud feelings throughout. Rookie Garner, before being thrown into his legendary role on the TV's "Marverick", is fine in his scenes with Brando and Miiko Taka showing great restraint in his original characterization as an anti-American. While I read there, there were some changes from James Michener's novel, I can't imagine director Josha Logan, who had previously adopted another Michener's work in Broadway's musical "South Pacific" and eventually made it a movie too remains true to the original source. He certainly gave some inspiration to the final stages, which made the heartbreaking earlier tragedy in the film a somewhat necessary plot twist. Some of the production numbers may have made the film a bit lengthy, but otherwise, Sayonara was a wonderful educational experience of the 50s mothers who permeated America and Japan at that time.
