There are few movies that give me the feeling that Gregor Jordan's 'Ned Kelly' movie did. Originally I had only heard half-hearted recommendations and decided to see it for myself. Since then I have acquired both video and audio tracks, and have to say that after several views I am still very impressed with the underlying nature of this movie. It's also great to see something Australian! I appreciate its quality of soil quality, that if you ask me is a rarity as well as the absence of stickiness that goes away from so many movies. This movie shows that you don't necessarily need fancy costumes and a glamorous set that absorbs how many millions of dollars to make. The cast was a bonus, including a number of familiar ones, and I can add great people who are happy to slip into the role of such unique characters. It is interesting to note that much of the criticism about this movie has been about who played what and how they only said so many lines. But if any criticism is due, it should constructively focus on the fact that a number of basic elements of the original events were excluded. In fact, these worked to make it a feature of Australian history. For example, on closer examination, one might find that much more was the relationship between Joe Byrne and Aaron Sheritt, and that this was actually responsible for many more of the final results for the band than were explored in films. Also overlooked was the fact that it was not only Aaron Sheritt's efforts alone that gave the Victorian police their insight into the unfolding mystery. Yes, that is their interpretation of the story, and it is understandable that true stories require sensationalism and sometimes the modification of the original plot to grab the attention of viewers. I feel that in this case this is the only limitation. However, I can accept that historical accuracy only matters to those who have a particular interest in the realistic events behind a situation. It definitely inspired me to look further. Then see it and decide for yourself. You may not like it at all, it's your opinion, and that's fine. Maybe it's a movie that appeals to an Australian audience pretty much? For me, I want to call it a fresh breath!
