Because of reading bad reviews and being told by friends that they couldn't believe how bad it was, I didn't see this movie at the cinema. After watching it on DVD, I have to say I regret it now. I'm not saying it's brilliant, but I would dare say it's a good movie. I enjoyed it. <br /> <br /> People have skulls thicker than Neds helmet if they go to watch a movie like this and expect it to be a documentary. If you read the actual story behind most films based on historical figures, there is usually a big difference between facts and fictional depiction. I do not think that Ganghis Kahn has ever been portrayed even near historical fact. What kind of man Ned Kelly was actually is a matter of debate, and it's pretty passionate. Despite the efforts of governments and some historians, Ned Kelly has become a legend. Legends are stories, and stories say so much about those who tell and listen to them as they do about the character itself. Ned Kelly has become such a popular identity because he represents the aspect of Australian culture that does not trust or accept authority. A society where there is no disagreement or challenge to authority is brighter and more dangerous than any bush ranger. <br /> <br /> So don't expect this to be an exact recreation of the historic Kelly gang, I actually found it surprisingly effortless and refreshing movie. It was sentimental and romantic, but fortunately not everywhere as cheesy as it could have been; For my other Australians, see 'The Lighthorsman' and you will see what I mean (it's a shame as the story was treated so badly). Perhaps the business of love affairs could have been left a little more detailed in other areas, such as Shooting the troops. Ironically, I actually enjoyed the movie because of it because it would be these details that most of the focus on Ned's history would stay. And they are the details of the story that are best discovered by reading the different views given by the various historians. <br /> <br /> This movie would always find it difficult to compromise on a global film market (to pay pills) and the legend that it means to the Australians; maybe a bit of Ned's spirit in this movie because I think it was revolt against people's expectations and unfortunately missed both goals. Fortunately, it made for an enjoyable quirk of a movie. For me, this was an unexpected kind of movie about Ned, and that is why I liked it. Orlando Bloom's performance also did a lot for the movie - he really added something. I think he would have enjoyed being the monster instead of the beautiful elf for a change. When considering other movies that are far worse than this, your opinion on this movie should be reconsidered. Send me this on DVD for Christmas instead of Croc Dundee or The Man From Snowy River anytime.
