I rented this movie from Netflix for two reasons - I was in the mood for what I thought would be a silly 50-year-old sci-fi asco and because it's the first feature-length Superman movie. Needless to say, after approx. 15 minutes I found myself thoroughly engaged and very pleasantly surprised. <br /> <br /> An experimental oil well has penetrated about six miles into the ground and closed by the sponsor. Lois and Clark turn out to get the scoop but are disappointed that the deepest well ever drilled is no longer in operation. One day later, strange events at the well create a story more appropriate for Superman than Clark Kent. It seems that the radioactive pier has invaded from their six-mile deep home near the Earth's core. Supermen and Pier But is a simplified but well-favored social realism. Released in 1951, starring in a leading actor serving in World War II, the morality of history seems to be that Americans are as well capable of becoming fascists like everyone else. To drive this point home on a typical straightforward Superman way, Reeves even accuses the lynch mob of hunting Mole But to be 'Nazis' at some point. Even in the 1950s, the science behind this movie was nonexistent. Six miles of drilling through continental crust would not even have penetrated the upper mantle, let alone "the cave of the earth" - which at least does not exist. Forgivable - remember that this movie is based on a golden age cartoon. <br /> <br /> The movie is a bit uneven pace. Although Molemen is interesting, a bit scary and nicely portrayed, there are several Corman-esquire scenes that spend too much time redundantly and show us their odd behavior. Scripture is intelligent and economical. By today's standards, costuming is poor to fair, but for its time the special effects and costuming of the film were quite good. The cinematography is also generally very good, and the play is much better than you might expect. I was especially impressed with Reeves, Jeff Corey and Walter Reed.
