It must have been several years after it was released, so do not know why it was in the cinema. But as a child I enjoyed it. I just found a VHS tape from Superman and Mole Men in the flea market and decided to see it again (it has been many years). I don't expect much, now by knowing how the B movies were made at that time. But I was pleasantly surprised to find the movie very reliable and the appearance of all outstanding. Common behavior in these types of films leaves much to be desired. Surprisingly, the writing was not bad either. Forget the fact that Superman went from order to sequence and could have kicked all their belly at first, because then the story would have ended, right?! OK, mole men costumes were hokey and not very scary (they didn't even scare me like a kid). However, there were allowances for the likely low budget for background and costumes, it was a well done job for everyone. I immediately recognized the sheriff as The Old Ranger from Death Valley Days and lots of supporting roles in Western TV. J. Farrell MacDonald played old pop and was always a great supporting actor in more films than I can count on. Walter Reed and Jeff Corey were also well-known faces from other films. Did you recognize the old doctor as captain of the ship who went to get King Kong? Did you recognize the little girl who rolled the ball to the mules like Lisbeth Searcy in Old Yeller? Some of the men were also famous. Jerry Maren has played mayor McCheese for McDonald's, Little Oscar Mayer, Munchkin, who left Dorothy lollipop, was on a Seifeld episode and a host of other work. Billy Curtis played an unforgettable part with Clint Eastwood in High Plains Drifter, one of the friends was greeted by the star of Incredible Shrinking Man, he participated in a movie, I happily grabbed a flea market entitled My Gal Sal with Rita Hayworth, Wizard Oz and lots of other parts - great actor. John Brambury was also a Munchkin. Phillis Coates, who played Lois Lane in this movie, was undoubtedly wonderful in that part and George Reeves as Superman / Clark Kent WAS Superman. He did a good job of playing the strong man. The bottom line to all I have said is that this movie is worth watching because of the cast and writing of a rather flimsy idea for a movie. But it was the 50s, and everything was possible from invaders from outer space to mumbling men from the inner space. It is definitely worth seeing, there is not a bad actor in the group. The one who cast together was very, very fortunate to get so many gifted actors into a B-type movie. Some already had a wealth of experience and some were gaining a wealth of experience - but everyone was gifted. So if you get a chance to watch the movie, forget about the deaf costumes and just enjoy the excitement and play. Is it a bird? Is it a plane? No, just a good old-fashioned movie to enjoy!
