In the aftermath of Watergate, a series of conspiracy films, such as this one, were written by the late Adam Kennedy (based on his novel). <br /> <br /> Gene Hackman plays ex-Vietnam veteran 'Roy Tucker', a loser who has ended in jail. He receives visits from Marvin Tagge (Richard Widmark), who claims to represent an organization designed to help the wrongly convicted. They give him freedom, and despite mistrust Tagge he accepts. But he brings a fellow man named Spiventa (Mickey Rooney). Exactly why is hard to see as Spiventa is an annoying little man who runs Tucker food with persistent sex chat, not what you want to hear when you stand behind bars. Tagge's benefactors kill Spiventa before Tucker's astonished eyes. Reunited with wife Ellie (Candice Bergen) and given a new identity (oddly, he is not trying to change his appearance. Shaving the cheesy mustache would have been a start), he settles down, but finds there is a catch - Tags want Tucker to do no less than murder the US president. He refuses, so Tagge has abducted Ellie ... <br /> <br /> I'll leave synopsis here, but I'm sure you can guess the rest for yourself. The script has enough plot holes to make you read the book (nicely trick it!). The People Tagge never represents revealed. The allusions to J.F.K.'s killing are unmistakable. Despite the results of The Warren Commission, doubts remain as to whether Lee Harvey Oswald was acting alone. This was Stanley Kramer's first film this year, and although it is not turkey, it lacks the grip on John Frankenheimer's 'The Manchurian Candidate' or Alan J.Pakula's 'The Parallax View'. Being a leftist conspiracy film tends to skirt around its subject rather than addressing it. I prefer right wing myself - they are more fun! 'Domino' has the look and feel of a made-for-T.V. film and boast what should be the easiest prison refugee in film history not to mention the ending of the Michael Caine classic 'Get Carter'. What makes it easy to see is Gene Hackman and Richard Widmark. The latter, who unfortunately died earlier this year, is great as the mysterious Tag, which initially seems to be behind the operation until he is also ruthlessly eliminated, and begins a death chain designed to remove all traces of evidence as a after one, the perpetrators of this evil plot fall - like dominoes. As Tucker is, the innocent farmer, Hackman is amazing. You have to wonder why he chose to hide in such an obvious place. In his shoes I had fled to the other side of the world, anywhere to get away from these fanatics. Hackman's love scenes with Bergen lower the plot, and it is almost a relief when she is shaken. Presumably the producers also believed it, which explains why it opens with a bizarre prologue describing the film's entire premises - spoken by British actor Patrick Allen - warning the public that "they" are out there and that "they" are out to Get us. Comedian Les Dawson later spoofed this opening in his B.B.C. Show 'The Dawson Watch'. <br /> <br /> Previously, Mickey Rooney had worked with Kramer at 'Its A Food, Food, Food, Food, Mad World'. His 'dead' scene here resembles an outline of the image, with the actor looking as though he had been stabbed by a wasp instead of shot. <br /> <br /> Conspiracy films only used to be made of the left, but now it is also right to get into the action. Last year, "Absolute Freedom" showed an absurd blend of lies and half-truths about Tony Blair's government being Britain's answer to 'Reefer Madness'. In any case, 'Domino' had lovely Candice Bergen. The best Chris Atkins movie could offer was Anne Widdecombe! Surprisingly, 'The Domino Principle' was made by Sir Lew Grade, the legendary British television mogul behind 'The Saint', 'Jesus Of Nazareth' and 'The Muppet Show'. He worked with Adam Kennedy again in 1980 on 'Raise The Titanic!' If failure was so great it sank Grade's ambition to be the new Louis B.Meyer. To be something open, I would not rule out the possibility of a conspiracy.
