I used to watch this on either HBO or Showtime or Cinemax during one summer in the mid 90s, as my parents subscribed to these channels. I came across it several times in different parts and found it always dark, bizarre and fascinating. I was young then in my early teens; And now years later after discovering the great Arliss Howard and blowing away with "Big Bad Love" I bought the DVD of "Wilder Napalm" and watched it again with my girlfriend for the first time in many years. I absolutely loved it! I was really impressed and affected by it. There are so many dynamic fluid complexities and wisdom within the camera's motion and cinematography; which all have a perfect gel with the intelligent, intense and immediate chemistry between the three leads, their history, the music and all the other actors as well. It's really "cinematic". I love Arliss Howard's subtle intensity, ambivalent strength and hidden intelligence. I'm a big fan of everything he does; and his interaction with Debra Wing's manic happiness (of course, married) has the magical charming reality of the one passing by the camera. (I wonder if they see this on wedding days? ....... "Big Bad Love" must be the next stop for anyone who hasn't seen it, it's brilliant.) And Dennis Quaid's full clown make -up, little by little introduced, angled, hidden and displayed by shot selection and full-bloom delivery is the kind of pure dark film magic you don't see very often. Quaid has always had an eerie quality to him for me anyway, with the big gap mouthpiece hiding behind his flickering eyes, which lies in the waiting time to release itself as either rude charm or deep-scale haze (here as both). Both Howard and Quaid have the crazy fire behind their eyes to pull their amazing intense interior pistols square-offs into dark cool fashion. In fact, the whole movie has a dark cool energy and hip intensity. It really is a great movie, composed of intelligence, imagination, agility and chemistry of all parties involved. I really can't imagine how this was funded, and it looks pretty expensive to me through such a conventional, imaginative system, but I thank God movies as this slips through the system every once in a while. In a good way, with all its day-glossy carnival colors, hip intelligence, dark-hearted truthful humor and exciting chemistry, it reminds me of one of my favorite movies from all the time: "Grosse Pointe Blank" ....... It's a compliment in my book!
