At the height of the 'Celebrity Big Brother' racism series in 2007 (involving Shilpa Shetty and the late Jade Goody), I condemned on an Internet forum these 'C.B.B.' fans who praised the show after years of bashing 'racist' 70s sitcoms like 'Curry & Chips' & 'Love Your Neighbor'. I thought they were hypocritical and said it. "It's not Half Hot Mum" was then thrown into the argument, with some pointing out that it had stared an English actor blacked-up. Well, but Michael Bates had lived in India as a boy and spoke Urdu fluently. The critics of the show overlook the reality he brought to his performance as "Rangi Ram". The alleged Indian character actor Renu Setna said in a documentary 'Perry & Croft: The Sitcoms' of 1995 that he was sorry to hear that Bates had landed the role but added: "No Indian actor could have played the role as well as Bates . ". Actually. 'Mum' was Perry and Croft's companion to 'Father's Army'; Also, the seated English town of Walmington-On-Sea was replaced by the hot, steaming jungles in India, especially in a place called Deolali, where an army concert party shows up to the troops, among them Bombadier Solomons (George Layton, his first sitcom role since 'Doctor In Charge', Camp Gunner 'Gloria' Beaumont (Melvyn Hayes), Minimal Gunner 'Lofty' Sugden, 'Lah de-Dah' Gunner Graham (John Clegg) and Gunner Parkins (late Christopher Mitchell). The president of this gang of misfits was the bellicose Sergeant-Major Williams (the glorious Windsor Davies) who regarded them all as 'poofs'. His frustration by not being able to lead his men into the jungle to engage the enemy in battle made him bitter and bullying (though he was nice at the Parkins, as he thought was his illegitimate son!). Then there was still English Colonel Reynolds (Donald Hewlett) and conceived Captain Ashwood (Michael Knowles). Rangi was like a wise old sage, beginning each show by talking to the camera and closing them by quoting unclear Hindu sayings. He loved being so much so that he considered himself practically British. His friends were tea-making Char Wallah (the late Dino Shafeek who continued with 'Mind Your Language') and the rope who took Punka Wallah (Babar Bhatti). So real Indians featured in the show - another point its detractors ignore. Shafeek also gave what was described on the credits as "vocal interruptions" (equivalent to '40 songs used as random music on 'Father's Army'). Each edition coincided with him who turned 'Land Of Hope & Glory' into silence by a 'Shut Up!' from Williams. The excellent open theme was written by Jimmy Perry and Derek Taverner. <br /> <br /> Even though it was never quite the same as 'Father's Army' in public sentiment, 'Mum' was still popular enough to run a total of eight seasons. In 1975, Davies and Estelle topped the charts with a cover version of the old chestnut 'Whispering Grass'. They then recorded an entire album of old chestnuts titled (what more?) 'Sing Lofty!'. <br /> <br /> Show the hit crisis points three years later when Bates died of cancer. Instead of transforming the role of 'Rangi', the authors only told him quietly. When George Layton left, the character of 'Gloria' took its place as 'Bombadier', giving another comedy. <br /> <br /> The last edition in 1981 saw the soldiers leave India by boat to Blighty, Char Wallah sees them go with great sadness (like the viewers). Repetitions have been few and far between (mainly on British gold) all because of the so-called 'risky' reputation. This is strange. First, the show was not specifically about racism. If a white man's blacked-up is so wrong, why is David Lean's 1984 movie 'A Passage to India' still being screened on TV? (It was Alec Guinness as Indians and won two Oscars!). It was derived from Jimmy Perry's own experience. Some characters were based on real people (Sergeant-Major really referred to his men as "poofs"). I'm of the opinion that if you're going to put the story on TV, you get it right. Sanitation of the past, no matter how unfortunate it may seem to modern audiences, is fundamentally dishonest. 'Mom' was both fun and truthful, and the viewers saw this. Thanks for the sky for D.V.D., I say. Time to stop this review. As Williams would say, "I have no gossip in this jungle!"
