This war time sitcom written by Jimmy Perry and David Croft, who wrote TV's best program ever Dads Army, was not as good as the Dads Army but still very, very fun. <br /> <br /> It's about a concert band in India. Most of the episodes were about BSM Williams (Windsor Davies), who tried to get the concert party, whom he referred to as a bunch of puffs, the jungle. He was always unsuccessful when the vague Colonel Reynolds (Donald Hewlett) and the stupid captain Ashwood (Michael Knowles) were big fans of the concert party. The concert party consisted of Bombadier Solomans (George Layton), Ginger Rogers Impersonator Gunner "Gloria" Beaumont (Melvyn Hayes), University graduate piano player Gunner "Let the da" Gunner Graham, aka Padarouski (John Clegg), singer Gunner "Lofty" Sugden, Gunner The Parkins (Christopher Mitchell) (Williams thought the Parkins were his son, he was completely wrong), great eater Gunner "Nosher" Evans and animal impersonator (Kenneth MacDonald), he was no Percy Edwards. Also heavily involved in the adventures was faithful Indian servant Rangi Ram (Michael Bates), with Char-Wallah and Punkah-Wallah (Dino Shafeek and Babar Bhatti) who gave Ram wonderful support. <br /> <br /> The display, like the Dads Army, left many catch phrases. Rangi Ram used to say to his Punkah Wallah: "Don't be so smart dickie" and he ended many of the shows that say "Here is a very old Hindu proverb, for example, when wife has affair with best friend, it stops not your house from taking fire "It was Williams, although who had the most catchphrases. He would always shout "Shuddup !!!!!", saying "Oh dear, how sad, never minded" and when he talked to Gunner Graham, he would always speak sarcastically in a posh accent. <br /> <br /> This show does not have the same recognition as Dads Army did. This is probably due to a taste question: this is considered crude. Williams is homophobic who calls his men "Puffs", although Williams must be a drill. Some people also think there is a racist element in humor, by Michael Bates being blacked out to play Rangi Ram (Bates was actually born in India and spoke Urdu before speaking English), so the BBC will feel a little uncomfortable to put it on, although most people who have actually seen the show would agree that the show is not racist, I know someone who is half Indian and they were not the least offended and agreed That I did was a very fun show. When I see an episode for the first time, I laugh more than I do for any other sitcom, but when I see it the second time, I don't laugh so much, but no matter how many times I see Dads Army, I laugh many times in an episode. <br /> <br /> Best Episode: Road to Banu, Series 1, Section 7
