7 if you are a kid 6 if you claim to be an adult. This semi-sequel to the Lion King looks to turn from the side sign Timone and Pumba, telling the original story through their eyes, including the story of how they met. In the great tradition of Disney, poorer successors are made, and sometimes television series with adventures of smaller characters from their greatest hits. You may be as skeptical as you like about this, but kids and fans in the series are unlikely to care about; Their are enough jokes and songs and interesting things to make sure this is one of the few above average followers. This works because of the charm of the much-loved key characters, the fast pace, the jokes involving the first movie, and for older viewers, there are some fun gags. The animation is as good as ever, if it is a little less flamboyant than the original, but the plot here is about taking it easy, Hakuna Matata. <br /> <br /> Timone and Pumba decide to watch the events of the first movie that often stops mid-film to joke about parts of it, like a real audience. We can see how Timone is nearly excluded, he feels he is not fit and decides to look beyond what he sees to find his ideal home. On the way he meets Pumba, someone else excluded and they become friends. Soon they meet Simba, a Lion cub, natural predator of T and P, but they form a trio. But when Simba realizes that he must follow his own destiny and leave the group, it is up to the others to decide whether to help or not and how. Of course, the usual Disney elements and themes are here, friendship, good versus evil, etc. The reason is simple but works on many levels, making it smarter than your average animated movie. As the CG movies look, Disney's traditional form must be wiser, but don't forget the roots that made them popular. Toy Story and all that has come since has been wise, with jokes that suit all ages, and it seems that this is the way the market is changing. However, there will always be room for movies like this, and you can't go wrong with buying this for the young. <br /> <br /> 7 out of 10
