The Shining is a strange example of adaptation: it has very little in common with the source novel, written by Stephen King, but it is widely remembered as one of the best cinematic renderings of the horror master's work. This is due to two factors: Stanley Kubrick's masterful direction and Jack Nicholson's cold-running. <br /> <br /> Nicholson plays Jack Torrance, a writer who agrees to take care of the Overlook Hotel in Canada during the winter season, unaffected by the gruesome stories around the place: He claims a lovely, isolated location is just what he needs to finish his new book. That's why Overlook becomes the new home for the Torrance family: Jack, his wife Wendy (Shelley Duvall) and their five-year-old son Danny (Danny Lloyd). Especially the boy feels right from the beginning that something is wrong: he has been told by the chef, Dick O 'Hallorann (Scatman Crothers) that he is equipped with a mystical psychic energy, titled Shining, which allows people like him and Dick to see flashes from the past and the future, among other things. Because of this "gift", the forces living in the hotel are immediately interested in Danny, even though he is able to resist them. However, it is not Jack's case, as he is becoming more and more paranoid about his wife's feelings and seeking comfort in the company of what can best be defined as ghosts that trigger a chain of insanity and fear that is very difficult. break. <br /> <br /> Shining acts like a horror movie because Kubrick, although he has never worked on this kind of movie before, knew exactly what was effective and what was not, hence greater focus on atmosphere and mental shock than doing and creative carnage. King criticized the director for changing most of the story, leaving out most of the Jack / Danny subplot (just suggested in the movie), which led to the book's emotionally strong climax, and while his disappointment was valid, the omission was actually needed: novel treated redemption, albeit in an unconventional way, and redemption is a theme Kubrick, one of the most famous analysts of human decay, has never had a soft spot for. What he is interested in is the mental and subsequent physical imbalance that threatens the characters, and he even keeps the sinister tone thanks to a very cold approach and expert use of the steadicam shot (Danny's meeting with two ghostly twins is the best example). Another criticism King raised on the actors, especially Nicholson: according to the author's opinion, his trademark grin at the beginning of the film suggests that Jack was already insane and undermined the rest of history. Now it is true that Nicholson looks a little bit of a goof from the beginning, but it is just as true that Martin Sheen (King's ideal choice for the role) would probably not have been able to deliver a performance as scary as Nicholson's: from the moment he starts grinning in a more disturbing way than before to the immortal "Here's Johnny!" scene, it is impossible to see another actor playing that part, and although the TV version of The Shining from 1997 is not bad, the Torrance character is indelibly linked to One Flew's The Guck's Nest star. As for Duvall and Lloyd, both add great support, the latter especially deserving a place along with Harvey Stephens (The Omen's Damien) and Haley Joel Osment as the movie's big horror kids icons. One can complain about Duvall, which is quite different from the book's counterpart (blonde and beautiful) and does not have much else to do, but screams and runs, but two things should be considered: a) in 1980 the "scream queen" cliché was not yet ; b) Rarely has any actress looked so frightened at the camera, making the books movie differences secondary to the real fear that comes from Wendy's eyes. <br /> <br /> Irvine Welsh, the author of Trainspotting, once said there is no such thing as a complete faithful adaptation of any literary work (and he should know, given the freedoms Danny Boyle took when his junkie masterpiece was brought on the screen), but that does not mean that the film is necessarily bad. Shining proves this point to perfection: Very small from the novel, ca. 5% is included in the movie, but in Kubrick and Nichlolson's hands, this loose-film masterclass becomes one of the finest and most original horror images of all time, which really says something to the genre's current bad shape.
