At times, it surpasses Thing as my favorite horror movie. While Carpenter's movie is the more efficient and entertaining flick, Kubrick's more artistic, more thoughtful and probably scary. It's one of the few movies where I can see past its mistakes and truly and completely love it. I'm not trying to compare it with the book ?? as I only read once a few years ago and who scared me to death ?? because the two do not have much in common, besides the story and the characters of course. It's almost like Kubrick knocking on people's love for the novel to make his movie more scary. And that is one of the most interesting book adaptations ever made, as well as one of the biggest horror movies. What makes the movie so scary is not the jumping frames, not the blood and the doings, not the various ghosts that pop up from time to time. It's the destruction of Jack Torrence. Some people have complained about the casting of Nicholson in this role and say it is too obvious that he will be insane in the film, given his previous roles and appearance. I disagree. We know he's crazy? since most of us have read the book ?? and Jack's appearance only promotes this performance. But that is the way he works in the beginning that really scares us. He is calm, quiet and patient. He engages in a small talk with the hotel managers and even with his own family. And with a wife and son as annoying as his, it is a little wonder that he manages to do it. But when he gets overlooked, he changes. He becomes irritable, angry at the edge. The scene that always shocks me is when Wendy interrupts him writing, and he loses completely and tells her to "leave him f *** alone". This is the first f-bomb dropped into the movie and it's a shock to the system. From then on, all bets are off. <br /> <br /> Another thing I love is the many interpretations found in the movie. We are never quite sure if what we see actually happens. Many critics have noticed that when Jack speaks to a ghost, there is a mirror present that shows that he can speak to himself as well. But what about the other characters? Wendy never looks forward to the film's climax until she gets a tour of the many ghost inhabitants of the hotel, but she is aware that something is wrong while Danny connects the place almost instantly. His mental powers are not in question ?? how else would Hallorann know to get to the hotel? ?? But does he ever see any of the ghosts his parents witness? It's easy to claim that Jack just loses it, gets caught in a hotel with his family, and Wendy also does so well ?? watching your man try to kill you with an ax will do it ?? but what about danny? It seems that his body is taken over by Tony, but how do we know for sure? None of these signs are reliable witnesses. Hallorann would probably be, and he warns about the dangers in 237, but he is killed as soon as he comes to Overlook (a frightened Kubrick achieves by playing on assumptions about romance fans). And the last shot. Has there ever been a more enigmatic end to the cinema? Has Jack really been there before? Or was his body just "absorbed" into the hotel? When talking about the play in this movie, any discussion begins and ends with Jack Nicholson. Shelley Duvall gives one of the most annoying performances in film history ?? Probably for the purpose of giving Jack's character more reason to snap? and Danny Lloyd is not better, but Jack is a power plant. Part method, part improvisation, he is at the same time scary and appealing. For better or worse, he is the character we identify with, not the annoying child or ugly wife. We all want to have a hotel for ourselves in a season, could do whatever we want. Who cares if it's haunted? Of course, the technical aspects are fantastic. Kubrick's long take, strange angles and bizarre images all contribute to horror. The use of color, mirrors, long times and all other motifs only increases this. And don't even get me started on that score. I don't know if the movie would be half as scary without haunting, electronic tune. Its strangeess perfectly reflects the hotel, the atmosphere and the whole movie. <br /> <br /> I know King doesn't like this movie, but King's cinema input is nothing to boast about. As much as a novelist, he may be, his screens are awful, and his attempt to steer is better left unnoticed. This is not a very faithful book adaptation, but it doesn't have to be, and it shouldn't. Part of the movie's horror is that the viewer does not have the book to fall back on; There is no calming source material. Kubrick masterfully changes the story to fear the audience even more. If only for this, this is one of the most innovative movies in any genre. And it has everything else on top of it.
