Shining starts with Jack Torrance (Jack Nicholson) driving to an isolated hotel called 'Overlook' located high in the Colorado mountains for an interview with it's manager Stuart Ullman (Barry Nelson) to become winter guards. Ullman tells Jack he will be responsible for the grounds maintenance of the hotel, but will be almost completely isolated from the rest of the world for six months when the harsh winter enters. Together with his wife Wendy (Shelley Duvall) & young son Danny (Danny Lloyd) Jack moves into the hotel and at first everything works well, it's a beautiful hotel, quite big and what they need is at their disposal. But the Overlook Hotel has a grim past with a former caretaker murdering his entire family before committing suicide. Danny has the ability to "shine," meaning he has psychic powers that make him see and hear things "ordinary" people can't. As the days, weeks, and months begin to pass Jack gets more and more insane, Danny keeps 'seeing' things and people while Wendy gets hectic as she doesn't have a clue what happens to her family when a heavy snowstorm leaves they caught Jack finally loses it ... <br /> <br /> This English production was co-written, co-produced and directed by Stanley Kubrick & is a fine scary movie. It seems that The Shining is another movie available in two different versions, and the one I want to comment on is the shorter European cut that runs just under 2 hours in length. The script by Kubrick & Diane Johnson, based on the novel by Stephen King, which I have not read, so I cannot compare them, goes for psychological horror rather than visual with only a murder throughout the film. There are very few characters in The Shining with Jack, Wendy & Danny, the only ones who really matter as the film concentrates on them almost exclusively you care about them, getting involved in them and what they are going through. The pace is something slow, but it is a movie that doesn't have that long and keeps you interested all the way through. On the negative side, I do not think that the reasoning behind Jack gets crazy and wants to kill his family, was strong enough to convince me that Jack escapes from the freezer without any explanation, tosses me and I do not know if I missed something but it didn't make any sense to me at all, I'm still trying to figure out what this picture is about! There is very little in the way of violence or gore, a few rat zombie ghosts, and one is killed with an ax, but The Shining is a horror movie that does not have to rely on blood and special effects as it has a gripping story. With a budget of around $ 19,000,000 The Shining is technically flawless as you would expect from an obsessive filmmaker like Kubrick, the cinematography is brilliant with some amazing free floating and smooth steadicam shots, as the camera easily follows the character around the corridor's maze, the sets look completely right out and instead of klichéd old haunted thematic themes like dark corners, cellars and cobwebs. Kubrick brings things up to date with brightly lit corridors, massive open expansive rooms and a modern decor (well over 80 is modern, just check out the red toilet!). The action is good from everyone involved, although as usual in horror movies, the little child is very annoying and Nicholson seems crazy right from the start. Shining is an absorbent film I enjoyed watching, even though I'm not sure I'd see it again anytime soon. For those looking for explosions and fancy special effects, you will be disappointed, for those looking for a good haunted house-type horror with a strong story, I certainly think The Shining is for you, worth looking at in my humble opinion .
