A number of random, seemingly insignificant thefts at her sister's guest house have been agitated by Miss Lemon. A ring, bulbs, a backpack, a lighter, a stethoscope, a shoe ?? There seems to be no rhyme or reason for any of it. Miss Lemon asks her employer, the great Belgian detective Hercule Poirot, to look at the case. But what Poirot sees is something far more creepy than Miss Lemon could have imagined. And Poirot's fears are confirmed when one of the students living in the guest house, if they are found murdered. It is up to Poirot to bring a killer to court. <br /> <br /> Hickory Dickory Dock is a solid but not spectacular entry into the long-running Poirot series. I appreciate how faithful the script is to Agatha Christie's original story. I realize that some freedoms have to be taken, but I appreciate the effort anyway. The big points of the mystery are all there? The petty thefts, the guest house, the students, the ripped backpack, and of course Poirot's ability to see something creepy take place before it actually happens. With a few exceptions cast by students almost as I depicted them. Damian Lewis and Jessica Lloyd standout among the group. As a sponge I always enjoy David Suchet's Poirot, I get a real kick out of the episodes with Phillip Jackson's Inspector Japp and Pauline Moran's Miss Lemon. This episode is a good treat as Miss Lemon gets more screen time than usual. Finally, I enjoyed the use of the ever-present mouse as an observer of the activities of the hostel. It's a fun little game on the Hickory Dickory Dock title. I realized while looking again at Hickory Dickory Dock, what a tremendous influence Agatha Christie's work was on the highly stylized Italian mysteries, or the Gialli, of the 60s and 70s. Take the murder of Mrs Nicoletis as an example. If you were to bump the graphic character of the scene, you would have something right out of an early 70s Giallo. In fact, the whole plot of Hickory Dickory Dock could have been used in a Giallo. It's just outdated and interesting enough to have worked.
