Sometimes it takes a movie-making master like Kubrick to bring the extra little something, the unique, tireless and unpleasant ingredient that transforms a great movie or script into a masterpiece, one for ever. <br /> <br /> It's not just that Stephen King's story has enough meat and potatoes that make it difficult for even the most skilled instructors to miss. Heck, even King himself did not go so bad. That's how Kubrick perceives King's universe how he transforms the page into screen time, making SHINING both a visual feast and a compressed masterclass to lead. <br /> <br /> Kubrick's miss-a-scene is as normal, amazing. The movie progresses with a vibrant, sharp and lively pace, even though it's not fast or heavily edited, and runs in no less than 160 minutes. The camera prowls through sumptuous corridors at the Overlook Hotel as it is a kind of mysterious maze rife for exploration, linear tracking shots exposing the impeccably decorated interior in all their grandeur. There is a symmetry and geometric approach in how Kubrick perceives space that reminds me a lot of how Japanese directors worked in the sixties. As if what is depicted is unsuitable for how all the various elements are balanced within the frame. <br /> <br /> Certain images are clearly stand out. The first shot of Jack's typewriter accompanied by the bullet from a bullet ball, as the drum of judgments coming from another floor or produced by the typewriter itself as if it were a doomsday all by itself, which later turns out to be nothing short of for just that. A red river flows through the hotel lifts in slow motion. Jack hits the door with the ax, the camera moves with him, tracks the action as it happens instead of staying static, as if it is the camera's piercing through the door and not the ax. The ultra fast zoom in the child's face pushes us into his head before we see the two dead girls from his POV. And of course, the bathroom is. <br /> <br /> Much has been said about Jack Nicholson's urgent overactivation. His evil is not entirely successful because he is Jack Nicholson. The guy still looks half-grown. Playing crazy makes him an exaggerated caricature of his own. Shelley Duvall, on the other hand, is one of the most inspired casting choices ever made by Kubrick. Coming from a number of fantastic performances for Robert Altman in the 70s (3 women, THIEVES LIKE US, NASHVILLE), she brings to her character the right amounts of fragility and emotional distress. An amazing and very underrated actress.
