The Shining, do you know what's strange about this movie? It's the movie that everyone, for people who claim to dislike horror movies, will always say The Shining is a great movie. This is Stanley Kubrick's classic vision of Stephen King's horror story of madness and blood. This is just an amazing movie and wither you have seen it or not, you have heard about it, know a few lines from it and know some of the classic pictures. Who could forget Jack's "Here's Johnny!" Who could forget "All Work and No Play makes Jack a boring boy"? Who could forget the chilling end? This is the movie that is unforgettable and honest, in my opinion, Kubrick's best work. I know there are many arguments in the department that many say it is 2001: A Space Odyssey or Clockwork Orange or even Dr. Strangelove, but if the film pioneered film production, then The Shining perfected it. This is the story of isolation, madness, frightening images and the ultimate ghost story that will crawl under your skin. <br /> <br /> Jack Torrance, Jack's son Danny and Jack's wife, Wendy arrive at the Overlook Hotel on the closing day. The older African-American chef, Dick Hallorann, surprises Danny by talking telepathically to him and offering him some ice cream. He explains to Danny that he and his grandmother shared the gift; they called the communication "shining". Danny asks if there is anything to worry about in the hotel, especially Room 237. Dick tells Danny that the hotel has some "shine" for it and many memories, not all good, and advises him to stay out of the room 237 in any case. Danny's curiosity about Room 237 is finally getting better when he sees the room being opened. Danny proves wounded and visibly traumatized after Jack tells Wendy that he loves his family. Wendy thinks Jack has abused Danny. Jack walks into the hotel's Gold Room where he meets a ghostly bartender named Lloyd. Danny begins to call the word "redrum" cheeky and scribbling it on walls. He walks in trance and retires; he now says he is Tony, his own "imaginary friend". Jack sabotages the hotel's radio, interrupts communication from the outside world, but Hallorann has received Danny's telepathic cry for help and is on his way. Wendy discovers that Jack has written endless pages of manuscripts repeating "All work and no play makes Jack a boring boy" formatted in various ways. Horrified, Jack threatens her and she knocks him unconscious with a baseball bat and locks him in a storage cabinet in the kitchen. Jack talks to Grady through the door of the door, which then lets him free. Danny has written "REDRUM" in lipstick on the door of Wendy's bedroom. When she looks in the mirror, she sees that it is "Murder" spelled backwards. Jack picks up an ax and begins to chop through the door leading to his family's living quarters. "Here's Johnny!" And Jack's legendary image is born. <br /> <br /> Shining is one of the movies that you seriously need to make time to see, this is an incredible movie and still gives me nightmares. Jack Nicholson's performance is timeless and unforgettable. But one I also feel is very overlooked is Shelley Duvall, her scene of finding Jack's rant All Work ?? is incredible, it's a look of horror and you can see that fear in her face after understanding her husband is sour. Another incredible scene is when Jack sees a ghostwoman in the bathtub, it is honestly one of the most frightening scenes in the horror cinema. The reason why this movie is so well known is that it is a movie of perfection, it has been on The Simpsons, it has been shown in other movies, and it is a movie that forever stays with you when you See it, trust me. <br /> <br /> 10/10
