Okay, okay, maybe not the biggest. I mean, The Exorcist and Psycho and a few others are hard to pass, but The Shining is far away. However, it is by far the best Stephen King story made for a movie. It's Better Than Stand, Better Than Pet Sematary (if not quite scary), better than Cujo, better than The Green Mile, better Dolores Claiborne, better than Stand By Me (just barely enough) and yes it's better than Shawshank Redemption (Shut up, it's better), I don't care what the IMDb Top 250 says. <br /> <br /> I read that a few decades ago Stanley Kubrick was sorting through novels in his home and trying to find someone who could make a good movie, and from the other room his wife would hear a pounding noise every half hour or so when he threw books against the wall in frustration. Finally she heard no noise for almost two hours, and when she went to see if he was dead in his chair or something (I say it with all due respect), she found him focused on a book he had in his hand, and the book was The Shining. And also God, because he continued to convert this book into one of the best horror movies ever. <br /> <br /> Stephen King can be thanked for the complexity of history, for a man who takes his wife and son up to a distant hotel to monitor it during the extremely isolated winter as he works on his writing. Jack Nicholson can be thanked for his poor performance as Jack Torrance (how many films has Jack been in where he plays a character named Jack?), As well as his flawless delivery of several now famous lines (`Heeeeeere's Johnny !! '). Shelley Duvall can be thanked for giving a performance that allows the audience to relate to Jack's desire to kill her. Stanley Kubrick can be thanked for giving this outstanding story his highly recognizable touch, and whoever was the casting director can be thanked for scroung up the craziest twins on the planet to play that part of the murdered girls. <br /> <br /> One of the most significant aspects of this movie needed for history as a whole to get its main effect is the isolation and it presents flawlessly. The movie starts with a long scene after Jack as he drives up to the old hotel for his interview for the guard's work for the winter. This is soon followed by the same after Jack and his family as they drive up the windy mountain road to the hotel. This time, the scene is mixed with shots from Jack, Wendy and Danny talking in the car, where Kubrick managed to sneak into a quick suggestion of the evil, as Wendy agrees with her concern about talking about cannibalism in front of Danny, who says that it's okay because he has already seen it on tv ("watch it is okay, he saw it on the tv.). <br /> <br /> The hotel itself is the perfect setting for a story like this place and it's bloody past made much more scary by the big echo rooms and the long times. These rooms with their echoes constantly emphasize the hotel's emptiness, but those times that really created most of this movie's sharpness, and Traditional traces give the hallways a creepy three-dimensional feeling, and early in the movie there is a famous tracking shot that follows Danny in a big circle as he rides around the halls of his Big Wheel (is that what they are called?), and his relative speed ( as well as clunking made by h Christmas, as he goes back and forth from wooden floors to the throwing surfaces, gives the feeling of not knowing what is around the corner. And you're a Stephen King story, you expect something to jump out on you. I think the best scene in the halls (as well as one of the scary ones in the movie) is when Danny plays on the floor and a ball slowly rolls up to him. He looks up and sees the long empty walk, and because the ball is something of a child's toy, you expect it to have been the horrible crazy twins who rolled it to him. Anyway, you get points. Shining is a horrible scary movie. <br /> <br /> In addition to having the rare quality of a non-sucking horror movie, The Shining has a very deep story that really keeps you guessing and leaves you feeling there was something you missed. HAD Jack has always been there, as Mr. Grady told him in the men's room? Was he really on the ball in 1921, or is it just someone exactly like him? If he has always been a caretaker, as Mr Grady also said, it means he was crazy and killed his wife and twin daughters, and not Mr Grady? It's one thing for a movie to leave loose ends that should have been tied up, it's just mediocre movie creation. For example, The Amityville Horror, which apparently copied much of The Shining on the subject, did so. But it is completely different when a movie is presented in a way that really makes you think (like most of Kubrick's movie is). One thing we can all thank Stanley Kubrick for and we should thank him for is not throwing this book against the wall. One caste would have been cinematic tragedy.
