Chilling, majestic piece of film scare, combines this movie all the great elements of an intellectual thriller with the great vision of a director who has the instinctive ability to pace a mood-screaming crap within his film-making genius, which includes an eye for the original shot , an ice cold sound track and a general sense of dehumanization. This movie cuts through all the typical horror movies as a red poker through a human eye, as it allows the viewer not only to feel violence and psychosis in the protagonist, but appreciates the seed from which the extermination originates. One of the most frightening things for people to face is the unknown, and this film presents its plot with this particular mindset. The setting is perfect, in a deserted winter cave. The silence at the moment is a character in itself, like the fermenting aggressor in Jack Torron's mind walls in this idle time and breeds the devil's new playground. I always felt that the existence of evil was sleeping in all our minds, with only the circumstances at the moment, and the causes in it needed to awaken his violent ass and beat over his unsuspecting victims. This movie is a perfect example of this much thought. <br /> <br /> And it's within this movie's subtle touches of the canvas, the tiny boy's big-wheeled wheels that ride along the hotel's empty hallways, the labyrinthine garden representing the fine line of mind between sane and insane, Kubrick's targeted reverse editing Inconsistencies, continuity errors, and mis-arrangements, we discover a world ruled by the righteous and tangible, but coaxed away by the powerful and unknown. I have never read the book on which the film is based, but without being a comparison point, I am proud to say that this is one of the most frightening films I have ever seen. I thought the movie's runtime could have been cut a little, but then I'm not one of the most recognized directors in the film's history, so maybe I have to keep my centre's criticism over a great movie to myself. All in all, this film captures your attention with its magnificent shape and vision, throws you in with some terror and eccentric direction, and ties you down and sticks you in the heart with its cold view of the man's mind overgrown, creepy atmosphere and loss of humanity . <br /> <br /> Rating: 9/10
