Anthony McGarten has adapted his game, Via Satellite, and directed the best comic movie to come out of New Zealand for a long time. Chrissy Dunn (Danielle Cormack) is a drop-out. She has not achieved much in her last years and has grown her devotion to her family since her father's death prayer. Her twin sister, Carol (also portrayed by Danielle Cormack) baskets in the media's limelight as she represents New Zealand in swimming in the Olympics. A middle-aged, tireless and desperate instructor (Brian Sergeant) and his good-natured cameraman - who is also Chris's loneliness from the night before - Paul (Karl Urban) movie Dunn's proudest moment; sees Carol swim to victory. It wouldn't be that bad, but Chrissy's family is the epitome of embarrassment. First of all, there is the matriach of the Wellingtonian Dunns, Joyce (Donna Akerston). She makes fairy tales and cocktail sausages for the important movie staff and refuses to change the way she is. Her eldest daughter, Jen (Rima Te Wiata) is desperate to be something more than ordinary. She has a lovely home (with bedroom walls painted "blackberry sorbet"), expensive flavors and a creepy parasitic attitude to match. She also approaches 40 and is desperate for a child. Her husband, Ken (Tim Balme) is an electrician and compels himself to jobs that do not have to do ... and to do jobs that need to be done, ie. Jen. The middle daughter, Lyn (Jodie Dorday - who won the best supporting actress at the New Zealand Film Awards for this depiction) is a "knocked-up" tart that has a dubious story with Ken. Both older sisters are colliding, the mother is in a state, Ken is just as bad a ToolTime Tim Taylor, Carol is burning his Olympic desire, and Chrissy realizes that all this must be sprayed on national television - why should she not be embarrassed? It's great to see some famous New Zealand faces perform in the suburban comedy that have witty lines to save. I loved sparring between Jen and Lyn. One is like an adult Mona-min biological-clock-ticking-away, the other a narcissistic tramp that has what the sister wants - a bowl in the oven. The climax of the film is quite sentimental and is nicely finished. The performance is a treat and the film works perfectly. A great way to spend an hour and a half. <br /> <br />
