Lorna Green (Janine Reynaud) is a performance artist for wealthy intellectuals at a local club. She falls prey to her fantasies as the promise of romantic interludes turns into murder when she kills those who believe sex is on the horizon. It is quite possible that one (like any task master pulls her strings like a doll) using some form of hypnotic suggestion, leads Lorna to kill those she comes to in remote places when it looks like love is at to begin. After the murders of her fantasies have been committed, Lorna wakes up confused, often clueless, if what she was thrilled with within her dreams ever took place in reality. <br /> <br /> If anyone asked me how to describe this particular work from Franco, I would say it is elegant and difficult. At this time, you've probably read other user comments that are affected by what this movie is about, as much of it is done within a surrealistic atmosphere of a dream. Franco mentioned in an interview that he was strongly influenced by Godard early in his career in film-making style and therefore decided to abandon a clear interpretation structure in favor of trying to create a completely different type of experience. And as you read from the reaction of the user comments here .. like this resolution, the other style finds working, boring and confusing. I am the first to admit that the film is over my head, but even Franco himself when he was quizzed by critics who watched "Succubus" admitted he didn't even understand the movie and he directed it! Some may say that "Succubus" was merely a precursor to his more admired work, "Venus in Furs", considering his masterpiece of Franco-faithful because it also adopts the surreal, dream-like structure, where the protagonist does not really know if he / she experiences something right or imagined In a way, like the protagonist, we experience the same kind of confusion. It is certain that "Succubus" is an unconventional film production, where we do not get the keys to what is going on. And much of the evasive dialogue doesn't help. "Succubus" is also populated by beatnik types and "poet-speak", Corman's movie, "A Bucket of Blood" poked fun on. My personal favorite scene is about a possible lesbian interlude between Lorna and a woman she meets at a wonderful party. A bizarre fantasy sequence where mannequins are used rather unusual. Great places and jazz scores. I liked this movie myself, though I can understand why it is receiving a negative reaction. Loved one scene at the nice party with Lorna, a little bit full, twisted on the floor in a beautiful evening dress, while others who attended the shindig (.. just as wasted) rushed her into an embrace of kisses.
