I haven't seen all of Jess Franco's movies I've seen 5, I think, and there are more than 180 of them. So maybe it's a little early to say, but "Necronomicon Geträumte Sünden" (better known as 'Succubus', but it's the cut version) is, according to me, if not the best, definitely at Franco's best. Franco is best known (though "known" may be a little exaggerated) to "Vampiros Lesbos", a weird cult film that became more recognized in the mid-90s when people found out that Jess Franco was also an interesting composer. Through the soundtrack, a good few discovered the man and found out what could be expected after watching the video 'The Lion and the Cucumber' ('Vampyros Lesbos Cheese'): Jess Franco is an overwhelming instructor. When the phone rang under 'Vampiros', I let it ring. I just wanted to see more of the movie. Since then, Franco could never get hold of me so much. But then I stumble upon this movie. It's even better than "Vampiros Lesbos," I think. Franco is looking for what he can do with a story and a camera. We find out that he can do a lot. I certainly did not expect to find "Necronomicon" the great one: The beginning did not impress me at all. Remember, I had seen "Vampiros Lesbos" before (though it came chronologically only three years later), and both films begin the same. But then the story continued, amazing and gripping, beautiful camera work and the things you'd like to see Godard do if he wasn't so excited about spreading his political messages. Later in the film I heard a dialogue about which art was or was not old-fashioned. The man says that all movies must be old-fashioned because it takes weeks before the audience sees what was filmed. But the girl replies that "Bunuel, Fritz Lang and Godard yesterday made movies for tomorrow". Janine Reynaud is an interesting leading actress and of course, Howard Vernon, a French regular, is also there. Fortunately, the action is good (something that can ruin a lot of Franco movies for you but not this one). But definitely beware of the dummy scene. The erotic excitement, the wild governance and the fact that it is a yesteryear movie this morning make it a movie that many people should see. That it is a little more accessible than "Vampiros Lesbos" certainly helps.
