Police, investigations, murders, suspicions: we are all so familiar with them in movies galore. Most of the films are about crime today, which is thought to involve viewers, to give them an exciting atmosphere. But most of the thrill lovers will rather concentrate on the latest movies of the kind forget the elderly. Nevertheless, it seems that these people can easily be misled. A movie entirely based on suspicion can be very interesting now, even though it is more than 20 years old. It's GARDE A VUE, a unique movie by Claude Miller. Is there much of the action? Not really, as the events in the movie take place in a very short time. But the way they are performed is the big plus of the movie. Jerome Charles Martinaud (Michel Serrault) is investigated by Inspector Gaul (Lino Ventura) and Insector Belmont (Guy Marchand). It is a New Year's Eve, a rainy evening and not very precise at such a meeting. But after rape and murder of two children, at the beginning of the old year, the door to suspicion must be open at last. In other words (more quoted from the film) it must be revealed who a wicked wolf really is. To achieve this, you need a lot of effort and also lots of emotions from both parties ... Some people criticize the manuscript for being too good. Nonetheless, I would ask them: What should a study be, if not many questions and practically a lot of speech. This wording affects the very roots of the genres. In no way is it boring, but throughout the film it makes you as an observer involved as an observer. In addition, the film contains well-made flashbacks when the stories are told. Not too much and not too little of them - just enough to make the whole story clearer and more interesting. The most memorable flashbacks, for me, are when Chantal (Romy Schneider), Martinaud's wife, speaks of a lovely Christmas ... But those backlinks also include the views of the sites, including the infamous beach. It all helped me keep the right pace. And since I saw GARDE A VUE, I always mention this movie as one of the "defenders" of the French cinema against the accusations of mess and chaos. <br /> <br /> However, the aspects already mentioned may not necessarily appeal to many viewers, as they may not like such movies and still do not find the content and its implementation satisfactory. Nevertheless, GARDE A VUE is worth seeing also for such people. Why? For the sake of performances. But here I do not expect to praise Romy Schneider. GARDE A VUE is not a Romy Schneider vehicle. She does a fantastic job as a mother who is deeply distressed for a lost child. She reliably portrays a person who is calm, concrete, who does not refuse a offered cup of tea but who does not want to play with words. Her part, which contains a profound talk of life and duty, is brilliant, more credible than Elasa's overly melancholy role in LA PASSANTE DE SANS SOUCI. It's still acted. Romy Schneider doesn't have much time on the screen though. Practically, she appears for the first time after 45 minutes from the credits; She, as a wife and another point of view, comes symbolically with New Year, at midnight. Her role is purely supportive. Who really rocks is Lino Ventura. He is the middle-aged inspector Antoine Gallien who will find out the truth, who is aware that his question is "missiles" against the second conversation, but does not hesitate. He is an inspector who, after being married three times, is completely recognized by women's psyche. He is the one who does not consider his job as a game to play, but a real service. Finally, he is a person who does not find it abnormal to sit there on New Year's Eve. Michel Serrault also does a fine job that expresses fear, especially in the film's last scenes. But the thumbs up for Mr Ventura. Brilliant! <br /> <br /> As far as memorable moments are concerned, this is not the kind of movie where this aspect is easily analyzed. The whole movie is memorable, must be seen more than once and must feel with its atmosphere and which I have not mentioned before, great music. For me, the speakers of Chantal and Inspector Gaul are the most amazing flawless moment. You are there with the two characters you experience in their state of mind if you go deeper into what you see. <br /> <br /> GARDE A VUE is a very interesting movie, a must see for thrill lovers and famous artists performances. New Year is facing and ... is it now easier to open the door? You will find out when you decide to watch the memorably directed movie by Claude Miller. 8.10
