We fans of Ed Wood tend to be an obsessive bunch at first, but this movie has especially driven me to a level of fan-judgment that I have never contacted before! One of the most intense tensions of non-mainstream movie adultery - at least as far as I'm concerned - is the pleasure of lifting the blur. I remember how, as a teenager, I longed to see Eddie's "Revenge of the Dead" (a.c. "Ghouls Night"), which had been vaulted for a couple of decades. Also, such arcane masterpieces of low-budget filmmaking as Doris Wishman's "A Night to Dismember" or half of Jesus Franco's works! But in recent years, we have seen video and DVDs that give these once inevitable treasures almost available - even to us by us on the 'wrong' side of the Atlantic .... And then, look, there was "I woke up early that day I died "- a movie that should have been so big but disappeared in the ether, even before Fangoria printed the first rather long article about the one who first shot my appetite. The 1990s needed a hard-to-find movie, but it would really be worth chasing out: and that's certainly the .... I don't really want to add too much of a comment to all the amazing aspects of the movie - the stylish, but kitsch-throw, it is still joking hallucinogenic images, its wonderful moments of "pure cinema" (in the sense of the 1920s French cinema's) and surrealism, or even its remarkably memorable soundtrack - as it all In short, I would like to mention the joy I have received from chasing some obscure objects with this almost-lost-but-fortunately-not-quite movie! I think the German video I picked up in Cologne on a cold, crisp winter day is quite well known for Ed Woods followers now. It is also well known that a commercial post for the film was released. However, there are fortunately more to find !!! First, there are a number of reviews available from the movie's German theatrical release - I have used several of these in my translation classes in an attempt to "woodify" my students ..... some of these reviews are positive eulogies for the film's artistic and entertainment value - and most interestingly, all critics placed it entirely within both American waste and European art house traditions. Secondly, Larry Groupe 'has been scored by the man himself - many of the tracks exert a real emotional trait on the listener, especially if you are considering the current "vaulted" status of the movie and growing a bit of melancholy at the same time. Finally - for now - I would like to mention the promo SOUNDTRACK that Cinequanon exposed in extremely limited numbers. BEG, BORROW, STEAL, KILL or do anything if you get the chance to acquire one of these !!!!!! It contains 14 tracks from the movie, including Eartha Kitt's ballad, the late Darcy Clay's "Jesus I Was Evil" (two versions of which are also available on CD from New Zealand, although it's another story again!), The sail radio music like Christina Ricci dances, and also the fantastic techno falls by Minty and ZHV (the latter is Billy Z's very own techno band) ..... Get obsessed - let Ed Wood rule your life.
