This 1998 movie was based on a script by late Edward D. Wood, a script that highlighted no dialogue in the tradition of movies like THE THIEF. While much of Wood's work was quirky low budget items in various genre film traditions, his first published feature was GLEN OR GLENDA a truly visionary attempt to express unpredictable through primitive avant-garde techniques. I wait early the day I did, representing the side of Ed Wood, the experimenter, even though this movie is a comedy (a nightmare comedy!), While GLEN OR GLENDA's cross-link theme was taken so seriously by Wood that there was no room for comedy there. From the first few seconds of this movie, I knew I was taken to a new movie world, and I can't really compare that world to anything else. The technical side of the film - production design, sound design, music scoring, photography, etc. - is groundbreaking at any number of levels. In particular, even if the movie has no "dialogue", there is sound of all kinds and also "language", but you will need to see how it is done by itself, as intelligence and surprise of the methods provide a level of excitement. throughout. The Glen or Glenda-esque technique of equating stock footage to surreal effects works well in the film and is kept to a minimum. The entire film is played at a hysterical fever pitch, and Billy Zane provides a fantastic tour-the-force performance that shows what a brilliant physical comedian and actor he is. In a fair world, he would have received no award for this achievement. He resembles Ed Wood himself, and as played by Zane, this character is on various timesfunny, sleazy, tragic, sympathetic, and anonymous (sometimes sometimes !!!). What a shame this movie was caught up in legal issues and never received a North American theatrical or video release, only to play a few festivals. Right now, it is only available on video in Germany (in fact, my copy from a German source - the excerpts from Wood's manuscript, which appears on the screen from time to time, are translated into German, although the newspaper headlines are low-budget technology to provide plot elements, especially those that would be too expensive to film, through newspaper headlines used here in the wood tradition), as Zane sees is in English). I think this movie could have gotten a word-for-mouth if it had been played at midnight in some big cities with a careful promotion. And if it played the city after town slower on the art film track, it could have done well. In fact, if the legal issues can be solved, I would suggest that the film still be given a theater release, especially a MIDNIGHT "cult" release. This is a classic waiting to be discovered. <br /> <br /> Have I "understood" every scene? No, but I "felt" every scene emotionally. Did everything "work" in the movie? Maybe not. I only saw it twice and the first time I saw it I was interrupted a number of times. However, all the interconnecting chips that play the multiplexes, and with so much "alternative" movies that are fetishist or pretentious shot-on-video movie school, we need real Hollywood experiments like this. The latest Bob Dylan movie "Masked and Anonymous" took similar chances as did something like Steven Soderbergh's FULL FRONT. This movie could find an audience much larger than any of them. If you read this review a few years from now and the idea of ​​this movie sounds exciting, see if it has ever been released on video. You will NOT be bored. Invite some friends over ... make it a party. Play the amazing soundtrack LOUD. I have the feeling that Ed Wood, where he is in the afterlife, is happy with this movie and feels like his unique vision has been justified and validated by making this movie. Wood is probably also frightening it, just as he always seemed to get the bad breaks in life, the film that was hailed to him after his death, has stopped in court and is left untouched in his country.
