OK, so I know this movie because of one of my friends in it, and I actually visited the set when they filmed, so from a personal standpoint I was keen to finally see this unclear little gem. If you ever dig up information about this movie, you will find it legal in legal issues (even over 7 years after being filmed), so if you are like me at all - then you will do everything necessary to get one copy. My source? Ebay. About $ 15, but I felt torn because when I got it today in the mail, it was a very rough, grainy copy of a "SCREENER ONLY" edition, complete with annoying top mini-time code, but unfortunately I still could Enjoy it, but not as much as I had a proper copy, something I suggest to get if you want the full effect this movie might or may not have on you. From what I've recorded, it has been released on DVD in Germany and now Spain. With it, good luck and happy searching / bidding ...;). The result / trick is worth it alone. Very eclectic and varied (somethinbg rare these days IMHO in movies) - I think it will be my next trick / score to find, but I go down ... <br /> <br /> Now on the review. The movie opens when Billy Zane's character is injecting a nurse into the mental department he seems to be locked in. He steals his clothes (even shoes) and moves quickly into a series of quitting a bank / loan store but after have struck loose Well, this is where the "plot" begins - he accidentally loses it. After committing several campy over-the-top crimes and dalliances to various A to C list celebs to find the money, he finds himself somehow in a cemetery where a funeral - I believe for the dead guy, he shoots in the loan office / bank, and - even with the 1950's police cars and the police are constantly looking out to him all the time - he is never seen or nailed. (He sees newspapers reporting his "crimes"). I liked this because it gave the thin plot an extension. It's a movie (see fiction) and director Iris Iliopulos does what I think is all possible to 1) Bring Woods vision to work and 2) Give it an up-to-date feel, but have shots at authentic 50 police cars intertwined with , ahh, local LA.99 $ shops - so good hence my 9 rating. If the period and the props were authentic - I would have given it a 10. Now, it pauses itself a little, and I do not want to spoil it to anyone, but let's just say that the final end is somewhat disappointing for it, for me , it had promise, action and comedy - right up to the end, so ... with all that was said - place a copy of your choice. <br /> <br /> Just realize that since there is no dialouge (except some narratives and songs) this may be up in your alley - maybe not - but I certainly think it's worth watching. The actors all do good performances and it is only the disagreement in real pieces that has really made me get that correction - then I say at least watch this movie out, because it's not like these studios have put out these days (or will in the future too) I'm sure.
