To finally see what many consider to be the greatest woman-in-prison movie all the time, I felt I had achieved something as ridiculous as it sounds. Boy, it probably contained the items I had expected and delivered so much more. A constant, I discover in these films, is the actors' tenacity and grin in the roles of the prisoners who are preparing for escape, while their threshold, tolerance and loathing (not to mention reason) are being tested by their superiors. While most of them were hired for the way they look naked, because the nature of the genes requires such free-spirited elements, something else arises, other attributes such as attitude and courage that I finally answer. <br /> <br /> As you may well know, Demmes was his mentor Roger Corman's debut, and he gives the audience exactly what they want while putting his own stamp on the case. For example, there are bizarre dreams that have certain signs that define their current psychological states (.. there is a particular number with appreciating Barbara Steele, where she reminded me of Alex the Large of A Clockwork Orange). <br /> <br /> movies have female prisoners planning a daring escape, tired of the confused auspices of their wheelchair-bound cherishes and her nutty prison doctor Randolph (Warren Miller). Juanita Brown is Maggie, the hard, sweet sister who is tired of the environment and wants to do whatever it takes to get out. She is the one, all the girls fear to cross. Erica Gavin is Jacqueline Wilson, the newest prisoner who was busted by the police and convicted of murdering a policeman who was not willing to give up the names of those she was involved in. Roberta Collins is Belle, a serial kleptomaniac, best friend with Pandora (Ella Reid). Belle is obsessed with Randolph, who promises superintendent McQueen (Steele) that through a surgical procedure he can remove her violent tendencies. Drugging her up, Randolph takes naked pictures and sodomizes her, kills as a little girl because of his own mental deficiencies while hugging her naked body in his arms. Cheryl Rainbeaux Smith is Lavelle, in prison for life to murder a scumbag whose family was a senator. Lavelle receives work at Randolph's office and is responsible for connecting her dirty antics to Pandora. Demme effectively builds the movie for the expected finals as a planned outbreak using the behind the various trauma inflicted on the prisoners as hostages where gun fires erupted. I was quite impressed with the photographic work for a long time Demme partner, film photographer Tak Fujimoto, as he is able to establish some visually arresting moments within the constraints, cells and spaces, not an easy task. The prison is appropriately crummy and the girls, despite being quite attractive, see the part of desperate inmates who yearn for the coarse of their souls to escape such a horrible capture. Steele is great as a workshop and understands how to take the role close to the brink without going far and honestly to express her suppressed character in a restraint. Notice how she works with the glasses and sits down without blowing her top especially when certain performances she despises to push her to the edge. Cale's bluesy score is incredibly depressing while throwing a glance at the audience that the movie is still fun and games. I think Cale's score reflects Deme's handling of the material. Cale and Deme's partnership is a creepy alliance that presents the setting as a sad, insulating, repressive place, while at the same time showing a humorous tone that permeates because of the colorful characters, thanks in part to the cast personality. My favorite scene happens outside the prison, as two of our girls (... go together with one-third) interrupt a bank robber already underway. The kicker is that it was a bank they planned to rob! As you might expect, you get naked women in showers, lonely prisoners, a cat fight, shootouts, attempts to escape, go wrong, and other exploiters (... like a horrible shock session, not to exclude the shocking aforementioned order in which the screwed doc utilizes Belle). Interestingly, Demme connects the film to the audience without a ghost of regret and understands exactly the kind of movie he made.
