When I think of 'Women in Prison', my mind often goes to spinning Italian / Spanish productions by directors such as Jess Franco and Bruno Mattei; And although these movies are often very slack, they are also very samey, and once you've seen one, you might as well have seen them all. I have to admit that these types of movies are generally not my favorites; but in fact, the idea of ​​women behind bars has been done very well on several occasions outside Italy and Spain; and Roger Cormans New World Pictures are responsible for some of the best of them. Caged Heat is the direct debut of Oscar-winning director Jonathan Demme, and it's a well done little girl with lots of entertainment value! Of course, the film centers on the story of a girl caught, committing crime and sent to a woman's prison, where she is introduced to a number of violent prisoners. This prison is governed by the wheelchair-bound superintendent McQueen; and she violates a game the girls have shown; leading them to plot an escape. <br /> <br /> This movie is much easier on sleaze than I am used to in a woman in prison girls; but this is compensated more than some amazing action scenes and dialogue, and it ensures that Caged Heat is constantly entertaining. It must be said that the plot is not particularly original or ambitious and basically follows a structure similar to many other women in prison films that came before it; But that's not that big problem. The movie never gets boring and is bothered with standout scenes; including an escape attempt without working in a field and a bank robbery. The film is helped along with the secured direction of the man who would continue to tear down the silence of the masterpiece of the Lamb and a large caste with lots of standouts; including best of all the legendary Barbara Steele in the role of the main prison manager. Overall, Caged Heat cannot leave the viewer with much to think about at the end; But it's an excellent entertaining little grindhouse flick, and anyone who enjoys this type of movie will probably want to track it down.
