Jonathan Demme's direct debut for Roger Corman's legendary New World Pictures feature sets high as one of the finest chickens-in-chains 70's grindhouse classics for ever mercy celluloid. Beauteous Russ Meyer Starlet Eric ("Vixen", "In addition to the Dollar Valley") Gavin provides a robust and winning performance as a brittle, resilient new fish that does its best to endure in a nasty, hell penitentiary. The ever-fabulous Barbara Steele offers a deliciously wicked depiction as the average, crippled, sexually frustrated warden (her erotic dream of making a slow, steamy striptease in front of the lady's inmates is a real dilly). Longtime's favorite 70's B-movie actress Roberta ("The Arousers", "Unholy Rollers") Collins delivers a hilarious raunchy and endearing tour as a cheerful forward, foul-mouthed kleptomaniac felon that tells a gut-busting dirty joke about Pinnochio. Lynda Gold (including Crystin Sinclaire from Tobe Hooper's "Eaten Alive" and Curtis Harrington's "Ruby") makes her lively movie debut as unobstructed wildcat Crazy Alice. And the magnificent Cheryl "Rainbeaux" Smith makes a lovely touch of his fragile, frightened innocent role from "Lemora: A Child's Story of the Supernatural." Although this image delivers the expected abundance of rough language, nudity, rape, and violence, it is still not a typical crass and sexist piece of lurid thoughtless bias; the film effectively explores the many ways in which men grimly exploit women and strongly claims the feminist notion that women can overcome any obstacles if they bind together in a group so that they can bravely resist their misogynistic oppressors as a mighty fighting force. Demme sitting, confidential direction comes through with a glorious abundance of astutely observed random details and delightful moments of engagingly quirky human behavior. In addition, both the animated filmography of Tak Fujimoto and John Cale's wonderfully dolorous oddball blues score 100% on the money are excellent. Patrick Wright (Sheriff Mack in the extremely horrible cheap-rubber-monster-suit creature feature howler "Track of the Moonbeast") has a sidesplitting bit like a jerking policeman who has his car stolen by a trio of prisons when he stops a petrol station to use the bathroom. Vibrant, rousing and immensely comfortable, "Caged Heat" qualifies as an absolute must for the 70s recording film fans.
