The prerequisite for this movie was one that focused on polarizing ideologies in the United States. This was a very flammable scenario in America, colliding two completely different cultures. What justified such violent acts anyway? When this film presents the scene (while Hickock and Smith drank), these two men were not intoxicated, nor were they under any influence from drugs !! It was a clear cut of cold and narrated reflection. Basically, these violent acts were the result of emotional and social neglect. Anytime earlier in 1975, as a nation, we have created an empathy to depart, which has been the victim of their environment ... But this incident is taking place in 1959 !! This terrible revelation sidetracked us and fought the nation in a tip of conflicting ethics !! With the recent release of the movie "Capote" based on Truman Capote, the creator of the documentary film "In Cold Blood", the American people have cultivated a new found fascination with this movie !! Robert Blake played the role of Perry Smith, one of the bad guys in this movie ... This is apparently appropriate given the infamy he has been involved in regarding his personal life !! "In cold blood" centers on the element of the inexplicable ... There was no revenge involved, there was no material gain to be acquired, nor was there any potential for social progress here, it is just an example of a latent and insane warring anger that ends up certainly does not justify the funds !! Situational diatribes like Hickock and Smith lamented were always ambiguous !! Under the circumstances, why should they take their frustrations into an anonymously unsuspecting and innocent Kansas family? .. Will Geer (Grandpa Walton) plays the prosecuting lawyer who is ill with this act of macabre capriciousness !! His argument is thoroughly convincing ... His claim is, "These two men who did not show mercy now pray for yours." This is a line of logic that would make me make a judgment of a conviction if I were to be one of the members of the jury !! Absolute contempt for your precarious life in life does not serve as a justification for orchestrating a capital crime !! It was Capote's instincts that dictated that such a terrible act of violence should have been brought to the attention of the American public !! As it turns out, it was a harbinger of things to come. "In Cold Blood" did just that !! This event was quiet before the storm related to a relevant aspect of the emergence of the radical 1960's !! Such a deadly charade also served as an insight into the isolated interests that would besiege many typical Americans for the future !!! <br /> <br /> Truman Capote does a huge job of approving this wild occurrence with his book (which was a best seller) and with this documentary too ... The action of this movie by Robert Blake and Scott Wilson, both as people like John Forsythe, were amazing !! The director Richard Brooks ("Cat on a Hot Tin Roof", "Blackboard Jungle" "Elmer Gantry" and "Key Largo" to name a few !!) was excellent in his cooperative efforts in this movie !! I think "In Cold Blood" is one of the best movies in the film's history !! The film depicts two reprehensible alleys of corruption that killed themselves in demented theater business and launched a captivating imprisonment to be recognized at a national level! !! This movie points to a psychological dissatisfaction that traces a growing wealth of counter-culture violence providers !! Our nation's ideologies are incredibly different now than they were in 1959 !! This film introduces the American people to the emotional and shaky sins that initiated such uncertain metamorphosis in our overall value system !! I recommend to everyone that they watch this movie ... "In Cold Blood" was the focal point of the movie "Capote"! Think about it, making a movie about a movie is a rare and coveted recognition in Hollywood !! In the case of "In Cold Blood" it is an extreme example of a film that is vicariously clairvoyant, intellectually promising, and of course it goes without saying: "In Cold Blood" was totally spellbinding and a very remarkable movie !!
