Easily one of the ten best films from the 20th century. Cold Blood is brilliant in the simplicity and realism of its storytelling, and absolutely rivets. <br /> <br /> Robert Blake goes away with the movie. The story seems to be presented almost exclusively from Perry's point of view, even though Dick is the couple's leader and planner. The viewer will inevitably experience Dick as being more unstable, immature, and generally feel that Perry would not have been drawn into this nightmare, but for Dick and his need to be someone and score a great score. <br /> <br /> Based on a true story with particular attention to accuracy, in the Cold Blood story behind the brutal and pointless murder of a rural Kansas family shows a cold, windy night because Dick bought into an old old myth of wealthy farmers who have a safe full of cash in their homes. As "Prosecutor" (a character not given a name in the script) that Will Geer plays so clearly, their lives are bought for only $ 10 on their heads. Director Richard Brooks wisely chooses not to share with us the horrific details of the murders to the end of the film. First, we only know that it has happened and see the life of Dick and Perry slowly as they try to escape not only to be arrested by law enforcement, but also Perry's own ever-increasing sense of impending punishment. He repeated repeatedly, "No one never gets away with such a thing" and "I can't help believing we left something behind what belongs to us." Dick is neither mature nor moral enough to feel any convincing sense of guilt over their crime, only irritation at Perrys. In fact, after they are caught, it is Dick who breaks first and suddenly falls when they are finally confronted with indisputable evidence that places the two men at the crime scene. I felt a bit upset by Perry from the beginning of the movie and more - as events progressed, but I only left Dick. <br /> <br /> The movie's genius is the engaging way in which the story is played. We do not think for a moment that we are looking at actors, depicting characters, but that we see the actual participants and events as they happened. The story is relentless, tense, the maturity just over two hours feels more like just a few minutes. <br /> <br /> For those of you interested in such things, I noticed a few of the "Goofs" listed here on the IMDb page in cold blood, are wrong or exaggerated. Such as "reverse" process shot at the start of the movie when Dick and Perry cross the Kansas bridge. Initially, this is not even a process shot, the camera is actually located in the back seat, and the image you see over the windshield of the car is real. A large truck located to the left of Dick's Pontiac creates the optical illusion that they go backwards because they travel at a higher speed, but closer examination will reveal that they are actually advancing, and that is a real shot taken from a moving vehicle. <br /> <br /> As mentioned earlier, this is one of the ten best works of the 20th century cinema, not recommended to the very young due to some language and implied and discharged violence (no one concrete in your face doing as a modern film would resort to), but a thoroughly excellent movie.
