The actual crime story in the core of In Cold Blood may seem a little 'tame' to those who love the classic serial killer stories (Gein, Bundy, Dahmer) or just the more infamous cases out in Hollywood (OJ, Manson). The main facts of the case do not mean anything terrible: Perry Smith and Dick Hickock (played by Robert Blake and Scott Wilson respectively) met with success and conspired to steal a man's farm safely in Kansas and after killing a family of four with shotgun and dagger came away with $ 43. Apart from returning to the United States after flying to Mexico, there is not a great deal of mystery to the decision. They were caught by an ironic chance (a policeman followed them and stopped them having a stolen car after Smith and Hickcock helped a boy and his old man collect bottles for change) and doomed to hang on their neck until death. The story ended in 1965. <br /> But it is the handling of the story, moments of moot, the performances, a pure cinematic touch, like Brooks and his absolutely fantastic (the late / big) DP Conrad Hall delivers in sharp widescreen black and white and a storytelling style that feels realistic without too much naturalism or too much melodrama (maybe too close to the end, which is pitch). The air of tragedy hangs over history, and not so much because of the killings themselves, no matter how brutal they are as the "third" man confronted by the narrator, by Smith and Hickcock who go together, but because of the inevitability of history . You feel somehow for these criminals, who in all other hands would just be conventional characters or something out of a B movie. They are not good people, but they are not necessarily monsters, at least throughout. It's also an excellent 'road movie' that we see Smith and Hickcock heading down to Clutter Residence (the actual night scene of the crime taking place late in the movie), then to Mexico, then back to America towards Las Vegas. We are going to bleed in the personality of these two people, probably even more than the police detective, who initially has no leaders and then finally gets a break with an inmate. It's actually disturbing to get it close to these two (kind of related to the speechless quality of Malick's Badlands characters), and it's also a sign of being bold for the period. There are no predictions like "he did it because of it and this or the other." We see how Smith had an abusive, psychotic father, but Smith loved and hated him. The complexity that is too much for the film, maybe even too much for Capote's book (which I must admit, I haven't read yet, even though I'm planning to). And we see that Hickcock is this creation of slim self-confidence (ie, getting costume and other things with bad checks), but without an in-depth explanation of it all. <br /> <br /> The streak of fatalism in I Cold Blood is some of the strongest in the 60s and Brooks is fortunate to have his stars as Blake in his top-of-the-pop performance (this and Lost Highway , oddly enough, considering his real life story in recent years, his quintessential pieces of work) and Wilson's breakthrough before they become a character player. While surrounded by fine support, they themselves are honestly absorbing, driven more or less by the greed and fantasies of escapism with treasure, and remain fairly grounded in their situation through the series of deaths and beyond through their ends. Is this a moral of history, if there could be one that is more horrible to confront the possibility that those who kill cannot be classified are good at the evil being smashed? Smith apologized for his crime before being hanged and pointing to "but who?" This is a story tied to giving the most hardened fans of true crime bona fide chills, and it may be the best American movie from 1967.
