Criminal Perry Smith and Richard "Dick" Hickock believe Mr. Clutter of Holcomb, Kansas holds a large supply of cash on hand in a safe. On November 15, 1959 at two o'clock they meet Mr. Mr. and Mrs. Clutter and their teenage son and daughter. After a small police investigation, the two men were found and sentenced to be hanged. In Cold Blood (1967) directed by Richard Brooks. Now I have not read the Truman Capote novel this film is based on, so I can't make any comparisons. The film does a brilliant job that tells of the horrible events that actually took place. Robert Blake is excellent as Perry. Of course, Blake himself had his own murder a few years back, blaming him for free now, but we still don't know the truth. Whatever the case, he is still a very fine actor. Scott Wilson does remarkable work as Hickock. John Forsythe is great as Alvin Dewey. Paul Stewart is very good as Jensen. Jeff Corey is wonderful as Mr. Hickock.Same thing with Charles McGraw who plays tex smith.jhn mc liam portrays herbert clutter, ruth storey is his wife Bonnie, brenda currin is the daughter nancy and Paul Hough is son kenyon.great job of each of them.There is a lot to remember from this movie.Let start from the lighter side. It's pretty amazing when Perry wants to hunt for gold in Mexico and says to Hickock: Remember Bogart in the Sierra Madre Treasure? "And Blake himself was in the movie as a boy! And it's a fun moment when they take a trip to that boy and his grandfather, collect bottles and deposit them for reimbursement money. These darker moments are the most joking. Flashback sequence, where you see the murders happening is extremely dreadful when Perry goes to kill the girl, nancy last, and she says "oh, please don't" ... Brutality of man, it is impossible to explain, then the hanging scene First, Hickock and then Perry go first to talk to the minister, in the last picture of the movie we see Perry hitting the end of the rope, safe movies and books can try to sympathize with those villains, especially Perry's character is a person You might be sorry. He thinks of his mother and father he hates, but still loves, but it doesn't change both of these men's actors, these actors are brutal killers who don't feel sorry for anyone. house and murder a whole family in cold blood.H How can you sympathize with these people?
