As I have matured, my fascination with the Academy Awards has evolved from intense interest to casual entertainment. As in a few other comments I have written, the bizarre results of the Academy Award reconciliation are often difficult to explain. The omission of "In Cold Blood" in 1967 as one of the five best picture candidates is one of the inexplicable cases, especially when one of the nominations that year went to the miserable and unmatched "Dr. Dolittle." While only a scam or masochist would fit into this Rex Harrison disaster, Richard Brooks retains the powerful adaptation of Truman Capote's non-fiction novel to his ability to capture the viewer's attention and let him or her completely drain from the final fade. While there is nothing particularly graphic or cruel on the screen, the film is absolutely adult material. Based on a Nebraska murder in the 1950s and filmed in the actual places where the murders took place, "In Cold Blood" was filmed by master filmmaker Conrad Hall in sharp black and white, and his screen compositions required to be seen in their correct widescreen -billedforhold. Along with Quincy Jones' disturbing score, Hall's work should have been credited with the title of Brook's manuscript as the three pillars on which this intense classic is built. The performance is also nice. Scott Wilson is cold charm and Robert Blake's intense introversion as the two killers. (There is an inside joke at a time when Blake talks about Bogart and "The Treasure of Sierra Madre" while the duo is driving to Mexico. As a kid's star, Blake sold the lottery ticket to Bogart in the John Huston movie.) , is certainly slanted towards the killings and has an anti-death sentence, even though the murderers' injustice is rejecting this mood despite the difficult to see last scenes. Some have criticized the film because it focuses on criminals, their backgrounds and lives, while the Clutter family, literally murdered in cold blood in the middle of the night, encounters as one-dimensional characters with little import. This lack of balance comes from the book when Capote spent a lot of time with the two killers while on death row. The Clutter family was apparently not investigated to the same depth. But whatever emotions one may have for or against the death penalty, "In Cold Blood" will leave you deep in conflicting thoughts. Run a dual bill with "Dead Man Walking" and you can't speak for days.
