In the year 2006, "In Cold Blood" has a fast-paced thriller from 1967 to two new interesting connections that it had not previously. First and foremost, the fact that it's the star, Robert Blake, was recently trying to kill his wife. Second, the recent Oscar-winning biopic, "Capote" showed the confused back story of this haunting true crime story author, Truman Capote. These two new twists make the film timely for a modern audience. <br /> <br /> As an independent film from its era, "In Cold Blood" is top-notch in every way. Most notable is the fantastic black and white film from Conrad Hall (later "American Beauty" and "Road to Perdition" fame). Many of the stills from this movie from the Kansas Farm House at night or the triangular country roads could be sold as art photography. Combined with the Cracker-Jack direction from Brooks and fantastic editing in the early stages (where we see the innocent family's everyday life becoming sensuously slaughtered beautifully interwoven with the design of the two rude kills), there is a rich atmosphere. created that sets the stage for tearing excitement (even when everyone knows how this all comes to an end because it's all based on real life events). It is also great to look at this day and age, where excellently staged a harrowing murder scene can be depicted, where the graphical nature of the action is transferred to the viewer subliminally with nary a blood drop displayed on the screen. <br /> <br /> The movie is also anchored by Robert Blake's eerie performance as the more sympathetic but meaningless brutal side of the killing duo. Flashback scenes for his horrible childhood are extremely well done. Then there is the stage towards the end of the film, where he speaks to the sermon before he is sent to the gallows, and he makes his last "confession" so to speak. It's one of the classic movie moments that is a perfect marriage of greedy action, great writing, flawless direction, and joking photography. I dare to dry out from your mind the sharp picture of the rainfall reflection from the window flowing down Robert Blake's relaxed face instead of actual tears. The only thing that hinders "In Called Blood" is the slow floating mid-act, where the killers are on the lamb and the forced nature of the social comment at the end. Political message of the death penalty is secondary to its convincing portrayal of the insane kills and their prey.
