Remarkable, disturbing film about the true life, meaningless, brutal murder of a small-town family along with the immersion and investigation of the lives of the killers, Dick Hickok and Perry Smith. <br /> <br /> No, it means how much time goes by or how dated this movie can see, it restores the complete incomprehension of criminal acts like this. This really tracks more tragedies: the tragedy, brutality, and futility murder of the Clutter family, a decent family in small town Holcomb, Kansas; and the wasted, brutal and sad lives of Hickok and Smith. An interesting point is made in the movie: that none of these two immature, scared little criminals would ever intend to go through with something like this alone. But together they created a dangerous, murderous collective personality; one who fed each individual's needs and pathology. They push each other along a path to "prove" something to each other. That they were man enough to do it to do it neither wants to be considered too wrong to complete their great "score"; an unfortunate and dangerous remnant in the desolate lives they led. These were two adult children living in a criminal's world for not leaving behind openings; who constantly need to prove crew and toughness. in this case, these needs led to the murder of Clutters. <br /> <br /> The movie contains a somewhat sentimental look at the Clutter family, but the point is made. These were respected, law-abiding, small townspeople who did not deserve this scary fate. The film also gives us a sense of Hickoks and Smith's young life. Perry Smith, whose early life was filled with security and love, but in horror, as alcohol took his family down a tragic path. Hickok, poor and largely left his own devices, could not see how he fit in, using his intelligence and charm to everyone he came into contact with. <br /> <br /> An interesting and perhaps the first, look at the death penalty and what ends up hoping to achieve. Isn't it more than revenge to kill for a murder that rocked a nation at a time when we had not yet had the full face that there could be such predators among us, or do these guys at the end of a rope really a deterrent to the childish and brutal set up of men like these? Is it possible to deter men who live in fraud, work under the radar and think they are fooling everyone they come into contact with? To be discouraged, you must believe that you may be caught. Is it possible to deter these men who think they are too clever to get caught? who committed hundreds of crimes and got away with them? This should be a "cinch", "no witnesses". When he is trapped, he finds that he cannot charm and explain the agents as he had department stores. Smith, who thinks he deserves such a fate anyway, which seemed to be the only one who really grabbed the gravity of what they had done, tells the story as he learns that Hickok has mistakenly interconnected. Hickok first flashed. A silly chicken game between two immature, emotionally damaged, dangerous men. Fascinating psychological thriller that tells a story of a terrible crime in the history of this nation. Stunning depictions of Robert Blake and Scott Wilson. These roles made their career.
