Although released far back in 1967, IN COLD BLOOD is still the benchmark with which all true crime films are matched. Veteran writer / director Richard Brooks (ELMER GANTRY) adapted Truman Capote's non-fiction book to a chilling docudrama that retains a disruptive power, even today, thirty-five years later. <br /> <br /> Robert Blake and Scott Wilson depict Perry Smith and Dick Hickock, two ex-cons, who, in a hint of Hicock's old cellmate Floyd Wells, broke into Holcomb, Kansas's home of Herbert Clutter, looking for a wall security allegedly contained $ 10,000. But nothing was ever found safe, and the two men instead wound up killed Mr. Clutter, his wife and their two children, came away with only one radio, a binoculars and a miserable forty dollars. Two months in flight, including a speechless "holiday" in northern Mexico, ended in Las Vegas when police captured them in a stolen car. But it gradually comes after the relentless grilling of Kansas law enforcement officials that these two men committed the malicious crime in Holcomb. Attempted and convicted of four counts of murder, they custody in prison over a five-year period of appeals and denials until both are hanged to death on April 14, 1965. <br /> <br /> Blake and Smith are quite chilling as the two scary killings that show no remorse for what they have done but are worried about being caught. John Forsythe also makes a good trip as Alvin Dewey, the senior detective investigating crime, like Gerald S. O'Laughlin as his assistant. In a tactic that is both true to Capotey's book and a good artistic gambit around, Brooks does not show the murders in the beginning; Instead, he shows the two killers who climb to Clutter House, as the last light goes out and cuts to the next morning and the organs' terrible discovery. Only during the trip back to Kansas, when Blake is questioned by Forsythe and tells the story, we see the real horror of what happened that night. We can't see much blood being wasted in these scenes, but we don't have to. Shotgun blasts and the horrible look on clutter faces, as they know they are dying, are more than disturbing enough, so there is no need to resort to explicitly bloody slasher movie violence. <br /> <br /> Brooks wisely filmed in COLD BLOOD in sharp black and white, and the results are good thanks to Conrad Hall's expertise. The chilling jazz score of Quincy Jones is capper. The end result is one of the most disturbing films of any kind ever made, destructive in its own key way. It is a 134-minute investigation of a crime that shook an entire state and indeed a whole nation, and should be seen even if the viewer's discretion is recommended. The R class is there for a reason.
