On the eighth day, God created Georges. But the same as an eighth day does not fit into the week, Georges does not fit into the modern world: He has Down's syndrome and is therefore marginalized by society, staggered to an asylum after his mother's death four years ago. She was the only one who loved him. <br /> <br /> Harry is another man who is not loved anymore. His wife has left him for reasons she cannot explain. He also loses the love of his days when he arrives late at the station to gather the two children who would spend the weekend with their father. <br /> <br /> Harry is a high-ranking businessman. He knows all the rules that allow us to succeed in our modern meritocracy. But he has entered a crisis that reaches a climax after the loss of his daughters. He questions the feelings of his life without achieving any concrete results. <br /> <br /> Harry and Georges meet. First, Harry tries to get rid of Georges, the same as everyone else does. But Georges can't be shaken. And it gradually begins at Harry, how much he needs Georges if he wants to get over his identity crisis. It is Georges who opens a new access to the world for him and makes him see his life with different eyes. Friendship and human warmth instead of expecting to strive for success. It is not surprising that Harry cannot fail in his job. Georges helps Harry regain the recognition of his daughters. Even his wife must admit that fireworks that he organized were worth seeing. Nevertheless, reintegration into the old life is no longer possible. And the new one only turns out to be a dream with a time limit that will unstoppably reach its end. The camera sees Harry and Georges from above, for a long minute, as they both lie down in the grass and just enjoy the moment. But the same as this minute will inevitably pass away, the two men's friendship that came in such a wonderful way will not last long. Georges is ruined by the impossibility of love for the opposite sex and cannot see any other way out than committing suicide. Harry turns into a city tramp asking the drivers waiting in front of the charity lights. <br /> <br /> The film describes modern meritocracy as a disastrous mechanism that devours positive values ​​such as human warmheartness or friendship. It is Georges, the Mongol, who seems to be able to show the way out of the dilemma, but unfortunately his plea comes to an end. But his failure does not necessarily mean that it is impossible or not desirable to achieve that hopeful goal. The way he shows us is certainly acceptable, although it requires a tremendous amount of willpower and above all the courage to use a radical nonconformism.
