For anyone with moderate sensibility, a moderate sense of human and humane condition, for anyone who is able to get over Hollywood ilk, for anyone who is happy to see a movie theater that does not have a series of Seagals / Willis / Van Dammes bursting of the brain out of someone or seeing who goes to bed with whom, for whose intellectual level reaches an ability to understand, sympathize with, understand, laugh with, cry with naturally tender heartfelt warm warmth fun compassionate PEOPLE, `Le Huitième Jour 'is waiting for you. Jaco van Dormael has not only achieved a masterpiece, it would have been too simplistic; He has achieved one of the rare monumental works of art in the cinematographic world that challenges any form of encapsulation. Is that a drama? Is it a comedy? No: it's the story of georges, a wonderful fun, pitiful, ridiculously loving, frightened, beautiful personality, a disorder of the Downes syndrome. It is a story that you laugh through your tears, but it's not one of the classic tears; This movie moves through a world that has you all at once mixing your feelings of compassion or compassion or even shame with those of admiration, warmth, and even love. A successful banker, Harry, encounters Georges: they both went in opposite directions with absolutely opposite ideas, problems and priorities; skillfully van Dormael melts these two unlikely men in a warm friendship, but it is so much more than the good friendship friendship for those who have a beer down the road. This is a relationship that develops into a great need for both parties. The cuasi-surrealist scenes fit in perfectly: Georges recalls (or invents) past scenes in his life while he either dreams or sleeps even the almost phantasmagorical final scene is quite accurate. The only scene that can be considered a little out of place is when they steal a bus and drive it out of the showroom. However, this does not detract from the whole. This movie is a monument. Although your French is not too much, please bear to see it with subtitles. `Le Huitième Jour 'is worth the trouble. As for something else, well, just read the following comments ?? I go with them all. This movie is a joy, it is majestic, it is unique. If you have seen `Rain Man ', which I consider an excellent movie, you should see this: it is much better because it does not have superficial veneers of famous Hollywood-produced world-famous actors; it has Pascal Duquenne and Daniel Auteuil ?? TEN oscars for these two and three for Jaco van Dormael. So what????????? Yes: 11 out of 10 if the IMDb rating is not broken down under the load. <br /> <br /> Magnifique! Chapeau!
