This film has all the size and magnitude of many of the great biblical epochs of the 1950s and 60s. But it is also perhaps the first to truly humanize the biblical signs themselves. The best part is that it does not diminish them in the viewer. This is a unique and compelling balance that helps us realize that even great people like David are flawed people who find their faith and grandeur in coping with their mistakes. The actors are all first rate in the movie from Gilbert Barnett as David's second son, Absolom, to the wonderful Susan Hayward as Bathsheba. Hayward is her best in this movie. Her own truthful but greater than lifestyle with acting is at home here. She is always the seducer, but she plays the role in such a way that you sympathize with her. <br /> <br /> Raymond Massey does a good job as the prophet Nathan. As a child, when I first saw the movie, Massey seemed to have really talked to the Lord himself and was a wonderful sight. Undoubtedly, the amazing music composed by the ever-amazing Alfred Newman, who also had great successes in other biblical epics such as "The Robe" and "The Greatest Story Ever Told" also helped with maybe 100 other movies too! The biography of Leon Shamroy is well done and adds to the size but also the intimacy of the movie. Henry King, a truly underrated movie director, like William Wyler, has never really deep into a single genre, pulling together a larger than life production that never welcomes the love story between David and Bathsba and David's own deep struggle with his faith in God The path of this movie could have been very hokey, but King keeps it real and interesting all the way. Plus, we never lose the sense of mystery of trying to understand God's will, just as David himself is struggling right away. From the first scene where a soldier dies trying to save the ark from destruction. David is not satisfied with Nathan's answer (to rewrite) that no one can understand God's will. This is the journey we go through to the powerful end where David is finally confronted with himself. <br /> <br /> Finally, this movie belongs to Gregory Peck, who is wonderful as King David. His David is a man you can believe could rule a country ruthlessly, but was at one time a faithful singer of hymns. This is one of his best performances. <br /> <br /> I don't see this movie on television much longer, but when I do, I never fail to see it. I think it's still very good today.
