There is no lack of poor dialogue in David and Bathsba? "I had a hand with a snake bid", "King of all Israel out there in the dark who exposed himself to the enemy" (full marks to Dennis Hooey to deliver one with a straight face), "Go and sit down concubines. " And somehow I doubt a bored David who has ever told the prophet Nathan "Whatever you say". He even tries the old "My Kingdom doesn't understand me" routine at desperate housewife Bathsheba at some point. So it is another tribute to Henry King's direction that the movie is not bad at all despite the pitfalls that give much of the first third. Maybe it's the censor-baiting nature of the plot ?? a married man kills a femme fatal man and gets away with it! ?? but King is spreading the growing moral and theological complexities in Phillip Dundee's script instead of raising sin and sandals. This is the opposite of David on the downhill slope, abandoned by a devoted God, he no longer understands, and the film does not depart from the unpleasant, unanswered questions of why a loving deity would choose to avenge swelling on the innocent rather than the guilty. It even gives a really surprising criticism of the sexual inequality of the law, where men's failure results in their wife's punishment. <br /> <br /> Contrary to King David, who sidelined the king in favor of the more interesting saul, David is firmly in the center of the drama and, despite an interesting display of shoulder lines and a fair, grim-free, long-lasting close-up when He visits the death of Saul and Jonaton, growing Gregory Peck's performance as David shrinks. Susan Hayward is pure Hollywood pro, Raymond Massey is an appropriate theatrical prophet (why be naturalistic when you have a voice that gets much heaven to shake?) And Kieron Moore's Uriah such an irreconcilably unstructured chauvinist that you can't completely blame David to put him in injury, but despite threatening soft peddle, the movie does not allow David to get a morale out of prison-free cards of his death. With surprisingly strong but subdued design and Technicolor photography, this is certainly a cut above most Biblical epics. <p> <p> Fox's new DVD is a great transfer, including an incredible hokey "honest" behind the scene card and a short shot trailer deleted from the movie's only battle scene.
