This film is famous for several qualities: a literary script, once in a partial religious film production, by Philip Dunne, some very good performances, a first-class production in each department and its intelligent direction by veteran Henry King. If you made a movie then you get talents like Leon Shamroy as a film photographer, Lyle Wheeler as art director and Alfred Newman as composer of original music, would guarantee a quality production. Add the movie of this movie, including Gregory Peck and Susan Hayward as title characters, James Robertson Justice, Raymond Massey, Kieron Moore, Jayne Meadows and John Sutton as well as a dance by Gwen Verdon, and expectations of the resulting movie can be expected could be done for something special. But in a Biblical script, usually a subgenre subjected to illogical motivations and miraculous interventions, everything will ultimately depend on the author's skills. Philip Dunne here has delivered people, a rare achievement in biblical films. David is a man of this film, the multi-faceted, not someone who makes mythical acts on paper in the Old Testament. Gregory Peck makes him curious, passionate, self-directed, self-reliant and appealing. As Bathsba, Hayward is hardly the perfect choice, but conveys a great deal of common sense and emotional normality that helps see why Israel's kings would risk so much for her. The rest of the casting is spelled and capable of turning. The well-known story gives them a little to work with, but author Dunne and the cast do as much as possible with human situations. David's youth is told in flashback; how he was chosen by a prophet of Yahweh to be the king of Israel and serves his way to be second to the king of Saul by defeating the Goliath Phi · liist in battle when all others are afraid to bear the giant warrior. Then he is finally driven from the court of Israel's King Saul, becomes a famous warrior and returns to claim the kingdom and become the instrument of death of Jonathan, the king's son, formerly a friend. His wars are successful - the film actually opens with a successful attack scene; but his life is empty when his wife Michal, Jayne Meadows, is Saul's daughter and is cold for him. He turns to Bathsba, which he sees from the palace roof bath naked; Later, she admits that she had hoped he would see her. But she has a husband, Uriah; when she becomes pregnant, it becomes necessary for Uria to enter the battlefield and spend time at home; instead he asks David to lead him to the battle, even after being awakened by Verdon's dance. David agrees He is killed, a war hero; but it does not solve the adultery issue. The drought comes to Israel, and the king's infidelity is blamed for the phenomenon. Finally, David puts his hands on the covenant sheet, recently brought to Jerusalem and housed in a temple that has caused the death of others who accidentally came into contact with it and urged his god to punish him - and nothing happens. David leaves the temple and finds that rain has come to his dry land. This film is always interesting, varied in its scenes and physically beautiful. The director and author make use of the observer principle and are frankly more successful in the humanization of the characters than in almost any film outside the grecianized-near eastern canon, where feat is slightly lighter, since neither miraculous nor religious themes are made key in such adventures. . Well remembered for its glowing recognition, fine performances and intelligent dialogues, this dramatic effort has repeatedly investigated.
