For some, this biblical film is a story of judgment and condemnation ... Others see it as a story of grace, restoration, and hope ... It is actually both ?? Henry King illustrates the portrait of a mighty monarch who is almost destroyed by his passion, his downward spiral of sin, and his rising healing. <br /> <br /> 'David and Bathsheba' is an emotional movie full of vivid memorable characters that achieve mythical status while retaining their humanity ... Henry King handles the powerful history taken from the Old Testament with skill ... David, "the lion of Judah," having stormed the walls of the Rabbah saves the life of one of his faithful warriors, Uriah (Kieron Moore), and returns to Jerusalem ... Back to his court, his first wife complains about neglecting and insulting him as a shepherd's son, which differs from being King Saul's daughter ... One evening, and as he walked on the patio of his palace, which apparently had a prospect of the neighborhood, David's eyes were rising on a young lady who took a refreshing bath ... She was beautiful and attractive ... David couldn't take his eyes off her ... He finds out she was king of one of her officers ... <br /> <br /> For her, he discovers that she is also unhappy in her egg Task Cabinet ... At this point, it is clear that David's intentions shift from interest to taking Bathsheba as a wife, simply taking Bathsheba. As usual, sin had its consequences, and David had not planned that opportunity. . <br /> <br /> When a drought sweeps the earth and there is a threat of famine, David suspects that the Lord punishes him and his people for his sin ... But when Bathsheba tells him she is pregnant and fears She must be stoned to death according to Moses' law, David tries to cover his sin ... He sends a word to Joab, the army commander, and ordered him to send to him Bathbaas man ... David did something abominable to God sight ... He sends the man to the front line where he would be beaten ... <br /> <br /> The soldier is actually killed and thrown him out of the way, David married his beloved bathsba with full regal shine. God punishes the couple when Bathsheba's child dies shortly after birth ... Meanwhile, a mighty famine has spread throughout the country and the Israelites - led by Nathan - blame the king for their situation ... They storm the castle and demand that Bathsheba pay for his sin ... Peck plays the compassionate king whose merry eye ke outweighed his good sense and integrity. Hayward as Bathsheba is a sensitive woman who begins to believe that any catastrophe in his life is the direct result of her adultery ... The sequence of her prayer that could have been a good moment in biblical film history is badly mistreated and the eyes of viewers are briefly directed to Haywards face and shoulders ... Raymond Massey appeared as Nathan the Prophet, sent by God to dispute David after his adultery with Bathsba; Gwyneth Verdon is Queen Michal, who tries to resist the ambition and greed that has been integrated into David's personality and kingdom; ex-silent screen idol, Francis X. Bushman, had a short role as King Saul ... The best moments in the movie were: The Ark on its way to its permanent home when God breaks a young soldier trying to touch the sacred object the decisive moment in David's life when he confesses his sin and is willing to accept his punishment for death; and for the film's climax, it deploys as a flashback, David remembers his fight with the giant Goliath ... With excellent color photography and a masterful music score, 'David and Bathsheba' won Oscar nominations in the following categories: Music Scoring, Art and Set Direction, Cinematography, Story and Screenplay, and Costume Design ..
