Not a fan of first person shooters I was very reluctant to play this game. After playing the demo, however, I was sold. "Undying" really pulls you into the game and is part of the universe that your character is in. You have this green amulet called "Gel'ziabar Stone" that has special powers and warns you of certain events or things to look at. With a special spelling "The Scrye" you can see certain things that would otherwise be invisible to you. Go at once, you suddenly hear the magic stone whisper: "Look," with the stone glowing on, for example, a painting. And then you can see some nice and scary things on the painting using the scrying spelling. Let me tell you to witness something as scary as hell. People who expect to finish this game in a couple of hours can forget about it even by cheating. This game is based on the character using the wits and goes carefully around. Because, as in any horror movie, your surroundings are usually pretty dark. And ghosts and monsters appear randomly when you don't expect them and can kill you very quickly. There is one scene where you want to enter a room where you are pushed back with such power that it takes moments for you to realize what happened. This was a scene that could have come straight out of the horror classic "Evil Dead"! Experiencing something like this is a real achievement. There are many elements that take "Undying" to the level of the best classic horror movies ever produced. But unfortunately I have to report that there are some errors. First, the universe you're playing is huge. You start in a large mansion with all sorts of hidden secret rooms and even a hidden holistic dimension called "Oneiros". It's all fine at the beginning. But with all load times and some difficult enemies in between, it can be frustrating. And there is no card. The game requires you to remember your surroundings. So patience is required. There are also some jumping puzzles that you have to do otherwise you can't move on. I don't mind jumping on platforms in third party adventures. But in the first person's condition it can be an annoying task. Fortunately, you can save anytime, anywhere. And trust me you need it. All in all, "Undying" is an extraordinary first person shooter that deserves to be played by any scary or game fan.
