My scalp still smiles from the burning bullets that lean on it when I promised I love this movie. Bring on the balls; I will also go over them to say again that I love "Bend it as Beckham." Granted, there are many "despite" in that confession. It's a little movie-of-the-week; The manuscript is on the color page. And the most worrying thing is the director's comment that in this film, beauty can be seen primarily among the skin's white. <br /> <br /> The genius of the film is not in what is obvious to the South Field doctored eye: character arches, themes, construction. It lies in both the surface and what is deeply underneath, but not in the layers of artistic abundance that proofreaders seem most to scratch on. Powerful, sometimes half-clad female bodies that not only appear on the screen but kick the crap out of a football, do better work with naturalizing female strength and agility than Lara Croft or Zhang Ziyi will ever do. These are real bodies (Keira Knightley is excluded) whose work doesn't look good at first and kicks ass later. They work organs whose beauty is in their movement and self-determination. And in my book, lead actor Parminder Nagra is one of the most beautiful creatures ever caught on the screen ?? Not only because she can rely on the chopped adjective, "luminous", but because her performance has an honesty and unbooked intelligence that is absolutely compelling. The result is a movie that women can enjoy without feeling like they are making a covenant with the devil to do so. As in Chadha's "Bride and Void", the relationships between women sit with a chemistry that cannot be smoothly tapped into the stubborn Sweet Valley High categories of "best friends" or "sisters". Perhaps Chadha is just right in her comment to reject the film's flirtation with lesbianism. "Bend it as Beckham" has an electricity that cannot be reduced to the simple hetero / gay love triangle that the conventionally structured script will suggest. The exact nature of his pleasure is ultimately a bit of a mystery? and is the more seductive of it. <br /> <br /> Oh yeah, and I mention it's fun?
