The scary thing about this movie is that only 8 people cared to leave a review of it, and no one thought it worthwhile to leave a comment on the notice boards. <br /> <br /> Made the same year as Philadelphia ... Tom Hanks Oscar winner ... this is the movie that people really should have seen and priced. There are more humanity, life, love, tenderness and beauty in these two people than in almost any other gay movie I've seen ... and that's absolutely true. <br /> <br /> For this to be printed I have to leave some more lines of text: It is enough to say that anyone who really wants to know how it was to be gay in the 60s and The 70s, and to understand how AIDS was like before the modern drug "cocktails" allowed people to breathe a little easier ... this is the movie to watch. <br /> <br /> Oh, and I'll add a personal comment on AIDS. After all, there has actually been a silver lining for all horrors. When AIDS first arrived, it was called "homosexual cancer" and governments preferred to "let them die" rather than spend a red cent on research to help save a lot of subjects. Then it became clear that AIDS would also be a heterosexual disease. But the government was not ready for it; So when just people began to get sick, the only organizations and associations available to them were those who had been created by homos (examples: the name project: the quilt memorializing all those who died of AIDS, Act Up, etc.). The result is that people who would probably never get in touch with homosexuals in their ordinary lives suddenly found themselves counting on them and needed them because no other organizations existed. This close contact is, in my opinion, what finally destroyed the prejudice barriers and finally allowed the just world to accept homosexuals as equals. When AIDS first came on stage, many of us thought that the right world would use it as a way to get down even harder on us ... and it would probably have been true if straights didn't suddenly get sick too; Nevertheless, the progress made in homosexual liberation - to the point that, as I am writing this, at least 5 countries in the world accept homosexual marriage - these gains would probably have taken much longer without AIDS to bring together. It is sad to believe that all these people - both equal and homosexual - had to die before our common humanity became more obvious - but if I write here is true and I think it is - then there is little comfort to be taken into Realize that all these people did not die in vain.
