"Dragonlord" sees Chan back to his role as "Dragon" from "The Young Master". However, not much has been transferred from the first movie. "Tiger", his older brother, is nowhere to be seen; Nor did Marshall, his daughter or his son play excellently with Yuen Biao in the original film. Dragon, however, has the same master - probably all the other students have moved to other things. (The dragon's laziness of training is pronounced strongly in this movie, so perhaps he is still studying!) <br /> <br /> Initially, the title "Young Master In Love" sees this movie Dragon (for the first 60 minutes at least) pursuing a villages girl in various idiotic and slapstick ways. His rival for her love is his friend (inappropriately named "Cowboy"), played comically by the long-standing Chan Stunt team member Mars. We see different scenes where their stupid schemes come back. It is one of those scenes that we (fortunately) find "Dragon" in over his head. <br /> <br /> This movie is notorious because it failed to meet expectations at the box office. That said, I am sure the expectations were quite high and I feel that this film has never had a fair judgment based on its own benefits. But even when I try to do this, I still feel there is a problem with the movie. It seems rather unfocused, sometimes premature, and I think the action is too sporadic and not as brilliant as Han's other work from that period. What really saves the movie is the final sequence. As in "The Young Master" there is a fantastic finale that is full of incredibly exhausting action - you really feel every stroke. And again, Chan goes up against the same rival from "The Young Master" (is the same sign?), And the timing and energy here is brilliant. Chan's style of using every bit of his environment to help defeat his opponent - not just relying on pure physical ability - is as clear as anywhere. The barn they are fighting in is filled with clever little propaganda and improvisations. This is an absolute highlight of the movie and one of Chen's incredible career. It is not necessary to see the prequel before seeing "Dragonlord", in fact it can even raise more questions than what it hopes to answer. But it has to be said that the original movie is the superior movie, and "Dragonlord", focusing on girl hunting and team sports seems confusing. Fortunately, they are pushing the few battle scenes that it offers (plus a fantastic shuttle cock scene) the over the line as a must-see movie in this genre.
