This movie should be seen in the right frame. First, the central relationship between father and son makes it quite clear that the film was intended as a prequel to his Wong Fei Hung movie "Drunken Master" (ideas from this movie resume in "Drunken Master II") and not "Young Master "; Chan relied away from this plan and renamed the characters, indicating that he himself was not convinced that the material was coming together properly, and actually giving the film a feeling of being incomplete, for example, is the romantic relationship around which Half-plot turns are completely hanging in the end of the movie. The "Young Master" from the same period also feels undertone, but at least all of its central threads are tied together at the end. This movie feels like Chan struggled with the plot and characters trying to find his central theme, just to give up the effort, possibly due to time and budget. <br /> <br /> Or maybe the movie is simply over-ambitious. This is an important turning point film in Han's career because he commits himself to developing the core character of all other worries - that's why kung fu is missing the whole movie. Chan wants to make a historical romantic comedy that just happens to have kung fu in it. But both the historical element and the romantic element come across so little more than plot-twists. <br /> <br /> It leaves us with the comedy. When Chan's concern is character development, the comedy is basically character-driven - as in the conflict between Chan's character and his best friend, an argument about a girl. But there are also lots of slapstick. Frankly, I find that the comedy is entertaining enough to forgive the plot's incompleteness. <br /> <br /> This movie represents an effort on the Han side to find a viable formula that he can use and develop over time. It doesn't quite work out, and Chan would only find that formula after leaving the historical elements of his previous film by making the modern action story "Police Story". But going back to see this movie is still very informative about how Chan worked through the historical genre and perhaps why he gave it up.
