Despite Louis B. Mayer, who was apparently not interested in signing the young Greta Garbo for a contract, the first American and MGM movie for the actor looked pretty beautiful. It is obvious that the film was awarded some great talent for filming the production and making dull paintings, as it has all the fine Polish and artistic you can expect from the best images the studio could produce. It simply looks beautiful - even 84 years later. <br /> <br /> As far as Garbo itself is concerned, like other early American films, she also looks different. While she is completely recognizable, her makeup is much softer than it would be a year later - giving her a less serious look and a gentleness about her, you didn't see in later movies. I wish they had kept this look, but considering how famous she was with branded looks, who should I say they shouldn't have gone that route? The film is about Garbo, and how she and her family are unfairly forced out of their land by landlord. While the landlady, the highly valued Doña Bernarda, claims it's because the bank has demanded payment, it's because her son has fallen for Garbo - and what better way to get rid of her than to force them out on the street! Nice lady, huh?! Years pass and now Garbo has become a new song sensation, which is world famous. When she returns to her hometown years later, her old boyfriend (who had promised to marry her but jumped out when his mother, Doña Bernarda, refused to allow it) sees her. His new love for another lady is now tested - will he be happy to marry this lady who is the heir to a great pig's wealth or does he want his old flame? And more importantly, Garbo himself will take him back after he has behaved so spinelessly? Meanwhile, a huge rain storm hits. The country is beginning to flood and homes are soon washed away by the river. Cortez and a friend make a crazy dash as the dam breaks! In a scene where they obviously overlaid his rowing boat over the cascading stream, he eventually made it live and to the home where Garbo now lives. She welcomes them inside and they stay with her until the storm passes. Then he admits that he still loves her and had braved the storm to make sure she was safe. She tells him to get lost! Next, you see Ricardo getting married to his second choice, the daughter of the swine king. Of course, he has little enthusiasm for this - and you are sorry the lady when she did nothing wrong. Soon Cortez is walking back to Garbo's home - he is loving and needs her. In this scene, Garbo is very luminous and cannot tell him to leave - as they dissolve in each other's arms. Once again, he tells her about her love for her. <br /> <br /> When Doña Bernarda learns about this, she is not satisfied. It is obvious that a pig woman is a better catch than an internationally known singer. Due to the interference of this eerie old lady, Garbo - unwilling to come between her mother and her wimpy son - leaves. But Cortez comes running - that he must have her and not rest until he has her as his wife. Moments after this proclamation, a family friend speaks to Cortez and convinces him to give her the benefit of his career and reputation. So much for "will not rest until he has her wife", huh? Despite the fact that Cortez is a game through and through, for some reason she cannot pay tribute to him. And then he marries pork and lives a very boring life. When many years later meet Garbo Cortez again, he is a boring, middle-aged man - while she is as beautiful as ever. And not surprisingly she tells him again to get lost. <br /> <br /> At the time this movie was made, Garbo was not a star in the US and Cortez was. So in light of this, it is surprising that they gave Cortez such an unlikely character to play. Instead of the usual self-confident Valentino-like role they had given him, here he is an indecisive look - a huge wimp. And from here, his career was on a slow downward spiral. As for Garbo, the role of establishing her as a great star - when she was the focus of the movie and played a character much like her later personas. <br /> <br /> As for the movie, the new music composed for it was very nice but a bit repetitive. The term was odd, almost perfect, except for the intercard cards - which could use some restorations. <br /> <br /> A most entertaining movie - professionally designed, wistful and worth watching. And for one of the few times I can think of it, I have no real complaints in this excellent movie.
