MGM was unsure how to market Garbo when she first arrived in Hollywood. Mayer had great faith in her and her appearance in "Torrent" justified it. She did not speak a word of English, so she should have had a hard time working, also Ricardo Cortez did not make it very easy for her. <br /> <br /> The title is the river Juscar, which wins through a sleepy little village in Spain. Leonora (Greta Garbo) hopes one day that her voice will bring great prosperity and happiness to her fighting parents. Leonora and Don Rafael (Ricardo Cortez) are in love, but he is under his mother's thumb and cannot get her to accept her marriage. Meanwhile, Dona Brull (Martha Mattox) has expelled Leonora's parents from their homes and they send Leonora to Paris and hope to give her a chance to pursue her singing career. Leonora sends a note to Rafael and urges him to remember his promise and come with her. His mother is furious and forbids him to go - so of course he cries at her request. Years pass. Leonora has a new identity - she has become La Brunna, Toast of Paris Opera. Rafael has knocked out, like his mother wanted - he runs for office and hips a "safe" young girl, Remedios (Gertrude Olmstead), who is a "hog" heir. Mack Swain plays her father. Leonora decides to visit her old home and I agree - why didn't she help her mother. Her mother still lives in the family's home, works as a record view and takes a wash. Leonora and Rafael meet, but Leonora is full of ridicule. Garbo is so enchantingly beautiful, it's hard to believe he's happy with Remedios. The pond bursts and the stream is flooded with the city. Leonora's house is in the raging river road, but when Rafael tries to save her, he finds she's absolutely safe. They then turn on their romance again. There is a "horizontal" love scene in this movie that resembles that of "Meat and the Devil". <br /> <br /> Dona Brull spreads gossip about how Leonora really got her wealth, and Leonora's mother believes in her and tells Leonora to go. Rafael meets Leonora just before she is on her way to America. Again he intends to take her, but again he lets her down. He spends so much time listening to other people ruining his reputation - "what is she doing for you, but pulling you down". The irony is that she has just secured a supreme government job for him if he comes with her. They meet again years later - she is as fresh and vibrant as ever - he looks older than his year, bowing down with mediocrity. It is certainly a good movie with a positive message to follow your heart. <br /> <br /> Lucien Littlefield does a great job as Cupid, the Barber and Leonora's old and faithful friend. <br /> <br /> Recommended.
