Recap: Zandalee is a young woman who feels more and more trapped in her marriage to Thierry. Thierry himself struggles with his father's death the previous year and has lost his way. He has immersed himself in the work, put in his writing, and Zandalee desperately misses the attraction between them. In this comes Johnny and old friend of Thierry, who once were artists in exile together. But Johnny has been painting and just has a day job for the rent. He takes the day as it comes and leaves tomorrow his fate. There is an instant raw attraction between Zandalee and Johnny, and they enter into an affair. But Zandalee struggles with her desire to be wanted and her conscience and love for her husband. But none of them, not Zandalee, not Johnny and not Thierry, can stop the relationships between them turning completely out of control. Comments: It's set like a thriller. But perhaps more of a thrill in the heart than a normal thriller, where it is about life and death and threat of violence. Not that a heart rhythm cannot address fatal proportions, but the threat comes from a different angle. And it's not really until the second half in Zandalee until the thriller appears, and although the reason for it is in the first half, I can't really describe the genre as a thriller then. Much more of a romantic drama than anything else, but with the underlying streams of other genres. The developing thriller is there, but it also has more than a small cap of a sensual erotic kind. Because it is about what it is about, what drives the characters and thus the whole story. Wish. The need to have and the need to be. <br /> <br /> In my opinion, it's pretty good, definitely much better than its current (4.1) rating anyway. It takes time, but it gets a good sense of excitement, and it handles the erotic part very well, with taste. It is always an integral part of history that should be there to give history the necessary weight, and I never felt it was an excuse to show a naked breast or something like that. But unfortunately, the highlight of history comes far before the end, and the ending itself feels like flat, although in its own way it is dramatic. Cast is impressive, the spearhead of well-known actors such as Nicholas Cage and Judge Reinhold. But the show is almost completely stolen by Erika Anderson. Beautiful and very good at working out of the sometimes subtle feelings of desire, she excels was both Cage and Reinhold sometimes going overboard and getting a bit rough. Her career afterwards is too thin for the talent she shows in Zandalee, I can only hope it is because of her own choices. Also two personal favorites are shown in small roles that add a little extra edge to the movie, it's Steve Buscemi and Joe Pantoliano. <br /> <br /> When you are in the right mood it is a very good movie, it could have used another end to get the credit it really deserves. <br /> <br /> 7/10
