Bored and unhappy young babe Zandalee (a winning sultry and vibrant performance of the delicious brunette knockout Erika Anderson) feels trapped in an outdated and loveless marriage with unsuccessful poet and decent, but deaf businessman Thierry Martin (a solid and credible depiction of Judge Reinhold ). Zandalee has a precocious haunting fling with sleazy and arrogant artist Johnny Collins (delicious game for the slimy hilt by Nicolas Cage). Can the relationship between Thierry and Zandalee be saved? Or will everything fall apart and go to seed? Director Sam Pillsbury and screenwriter Mari Kornhauser lay on the tawdry soap opera-style histrionics somewhat thick while trying to tell a wannabe serious and insightful story of desire, run amok and its potentially dangerous consequences; the plot goes gloriously of the rails in the ridiculously histrionic last third. The dialogue is also hilarious and vulgar (sample line: "I will shake you naked and eat you alive"). Even better, this flick delivers really lots of tasty female nudity (the magnificent statuesque Anderson looks smoky in buff) and sizzling semi-pornographic soft-core sex scenes (Johnny and Zandalee make the dirty deed in a church adjoining booth rates as a particular steaming highlight ). The Tart'n'tangy New Orleans setting adds extra spices to the already steaming procedures. Cage's Johnny is with its long, sharp black hair, greasy mustache, wrong mouth and coarse manners an absolute highlight, as the most grossly unpleasant "romantic" causes him to always be on his way to celluloid. The casts deserve props to deal with admirable sincerity: Anderson, Cage and Reinhold all work respectfully with their parts, with the support of Joe Pantoliano as Zandale's joyful flamboyant gay friend Gerri, Viveca Lindfors as Theirry's clever, perceiving mother Tatta, Aaron's Neville as a friendly bartender Jack, and Steve Buscemi as a fun, blithely shameless thief. Walt Lloyd's sharp and shiny film gives the picture an attractive glossy look. The tasteful harmonic score of Prayer for rain also hits the spot. A lovely campy and seamy riot.
