I saw 'New York: I Love You' today and loved it! I was really looking to see this after seeing 'Paris je t'aime' and generally I think I liked this much better ... Maybe I should see 'Paris you t'aime' again, I don't know . . I read some of the reviews here about NY: ILY and yes, the movie is not without its faults. When you pay tribute to a city like New York - it can get pretty overwhelming, and nothing seems fair enough to justify the city ... so without elaborating on any of the shortcomings of the movie, I just write what I oppose. Paris je t'aime ', where each director's short film was properly segmented and labeled, is NY: ILY not, and many reviewers above have found the seamlessness of stories and overlapping characters here annoying and even confusing. I thought otherwise. I loved how the stories just won each other, and I especially liked the overlapping of characters - it can be gimmicky because it's done so often in movies now. But I liked it because I didn't find it forced. And the idea that we are all connected eventually, has a wild, even innovative quality for it - which some might find corny, but I find beautiful. <br /> <br /> I liked all the movies, but the one that touched me most was that of Yvan Attal with Robin Wright Penn and Chris Cooper. It was so well-functioning and the scripture that revealed in the end - again not unused - led me to tears and I cried throughout the segment that followed. I've always wanted Wright Penn and now I'm also a fan of Chris Cooper. The precious initial few seconds when standing alone outside the restaurant just before he gets the call - talk about volumes about Cooper's ability to convey a sign by just being there without saying anything. <br /> <br /> Most of the stories in this movie involve characters that either meet for the first time or have met each other with the exception of 4-5 stories where the characters have known each other for a long time. It seemed to me (and I could be wrong) that the stories were different, but they all tried to drive home, the need to just step back and look in a new light the people and the things we've known in our lives for a long time ; to see the people and things around you with the eyes of a stranger and appreciate them as you did when you met them and saw them for the first time. <br /> <br /> The other movies I liked were by Shunji Iwai with Orlando Bloom and Christina Ricci, by Natalie Portman with Carlos Acosta and Taylor Geare, by Brett Ratner with Anton Yelchin and Olivia Thirlby, by Shekhar Kapur with Julie Christie, Shia LaBeouf and John Hurt and once again that of Yvan Attal with Ethan Hawke and Emilie Ohana when in the cafe. I really need to see more work by Yvan Attal as I like him a lot! <br /> <br /> Overall, watch this movie with an open mind. Don't read the reviews before you see it! It can't live up to your expectations of what a movie about and love in New York should be, and I doubt any movie will really live up to that show. Just watch this movie for good music, beautiful scenery, some slice of lifestyle and a story or two that might just draw on your heartbeat.
