New York, I Love You finally make it to our shores, but its 10 short stories of love somehow found no reason to be released on Valentine's Day, probably due to the fact that this year's festival also falls on Lunar New Year And with that comes the usual LNY blockbuster movies from similar Jackie Chan (no, not The Spy Next Door) and local filmmaker Jack Neo, who has traditionally released his latest movie during that period of resounding success. So why create a non-broken formula? <br /> <br /> Continuing in concept where Paris, Je T'aime had begun spawning the City of Love Franchise (Shanghai will be next, so say the end of the final credits here), this is about the conflicting stories in one of the world's cities to allow for different interpretations from filmmakers over to come up with stories based on love as a theme, although some probably forgot to tell Scarlett Johansson some of the finer points in the sandbox's ground rules and her cards were uncertain from the theatrical version so as not to fit into everything else (well it was shot in black and white), but here it hopes it would make it to the DVD at least. <br /> <br /> Structurally, this series is less compressed compared to its predecessor, whose memory serves me properly, individual stories have set within its own framework and never completely break out of its artificial boundaries set up. Here, a little more space is given where characters from different stories interact in short filler segments used to bridge scenes together, and not only relying on capture images made of buildings and landscapes hoping to make things a little more serendipitous with the idea of ​​chance encounters Among strangers, though a story beautifully adopted this mindset for its own story to deliver a surprise, even though it has already been seen in Paris. <br /> <br /> One of the best ones to sit through a movie Just like this, it is absolutely the creative forces behind the stories, from writers, directors, and filmographers from different geographies and backgrounds that reflect the cosmopolitan city's makeup, coming together for a concept movie. And what's more, the star occupied with big names among the lesser-known ones who all operate through the picture's perfect performances, be it for the entire length of the short or as a support to build on. You can't deny the initial star view of recognizing the notes, from Irrfan Khan to Natalie Portman (who also had writing and directing tasks), Rachel Bilson (similar to Bardot) to Spielberg's blue eye boy Shia LaBeouf, who can surprisingly act and show more in his few minutes here than his entire filmography so far. <br /> <br /> Historically, like any anthology, you'll find someone who automatically appeals to you and with others who don't. Some are even in nature while others have to come up with gimmicky twists who have happily worked. But these 10 stories plus 1 (because Randall Balsmeyer got duties to integrate everything for a more organic sense instead of just plain downloading pictures of lesser known areas and established landmarks) somehow lacked the more "everything goes" spirit from its predecessor, with stories more anchored in reality compared to some amazing elements of the previous film (Elijah Woods dalliance with a vampire somebody?), or even less adventurous with his narrative style (Christopher Doyle and Tom Tykwer's lead Natalie Portman). Here it seemed that the filmmakers chose a lot to be safe, without venturing into the spirit of adventure and experiment. Minor quibbles aside, I still enjoyed almost all shorts here, unlike what many others have felt about it. The short film format is still very alive, and having them tied up in a function under the City of Love banner works fine and lets me ask which other cities are or have been included in its lineup. I hope that the franchise might get hold of and spread its influence here. We probably have good filmmakers to strive for a Singapore, I love you, so here my fingers cross that maybe something will materialize down the road. Otherwise there is always the Sawasdee Bangkok route that just does it without attachments to the franchise house rules.
