Bonanza had a great cast of wonderful actors. Lorne Greene, Pernell Whitaker, Michael Landon, Dan Blocker and even Guy Williams (as cousin brought into several episodes in 1964 to replace Adam when he left the series). The support had chemistry and they really seemed like each other. It made many of their weakest stories work much better than they should have. It also made many of their best stories for the great Western drama. Like any show that shot over thirty episodes every season, there are bound to be some weaknesses. But most of the time, each episode had an interesting story, a kind of conflict, and a decision that didn't normally include violence. While Bonanza was a western, gunfighting was never highlighted as the main attraction. While I'm a fan of The Rifleman and Wanted: Dead or Alive; These shows usually ended with a warfare. Gunfights were how many Westerns decide each conflict and Bonanza was very different in trying to seek peaceful resolutions and harmony instead of killing. In the early years of Bonanza there are some interesting episodes that have a lot of battlefields. These episodes contrast with the rest of the series, but they are pretty good in themselves. In 1964, when Pernell Whitaker wanted to leave the show, Guy Williams was brought in to replace him. Williams played the role of a far-lost cousin. Sadly, Whitaker decided to stay one year more, thus Williams was printed out of the series as he moved away to marry Adam's old boyfriend. If Williams had stayed in the duration of Bonanza, one can only wonder how much better the series would have been in the years after 1965 when Pernell Whitaker left the show. <br /> <br /> Undoubtedly, when Pernell Whitaker left the series, the stories focused more on comedy and country hijinks. Whitaker had often played the heavy in many episodes, and his absence dropped a void. Little Joe would always play the lovely kid, and Hoss would always play the good old boy with a heart of gold. When Ben was the family's kind and wise patriarch, it didn't leave too much room for any fighting. <br /> <br /> At one point, they hired a ranch hand called Candy (David Canary), who became their fourth casting member, but Candy was never highlighted in any warfare, and he was barely more than an older version of Little Joe. For a year or two, they also had Ben into another lost cousin (Jamie, played by the forgettable Mitch Vogel), who was a teenager who usually came in some sort of trouble with someone. <br /> <br /> Apparently, by adding the teenager, the study sought to attract younger viewers. It also gave the authors a chance to write episodes about teenage problems, alcohol, crimes, etc. These kind of preachy episodes were popular in the 1960s as a response from the creation media to the counter-culture movement. The dragon was probably the most popular source of law and order television, although Hawaii 5-0, The F.B.I. and many other shows also tried to jump on the bandwagon by making television shows that were irresponsible teenagers that caused evil, chaos and crime. The addition of a teen to the cast gave Cartwrights more chances to show up and solve problems, but these episodes feel very constructed and are not very good in general. After Dan Blocker died, the series glued another year before it was canceled. Last season was pretty bad when it played Little Joe's tracking down his wife's killers and most of the episodes were somewhat depressing because Little Joe usually drinks or otherwise remembers how much he loved his wife and how unfair it was that she killed. <br /> <br /> I don't think I've ever seen the last episode of the series and I wonder if they ever officially wrapped it up in some way. In the last year, only Ben (Lorne Greene) actually lived in Ponderosa when Adam had moved away (and never returned as a guest) and Hoss was dead and Little Joe had left behind his wife (in series) had been killed by drifters. <br /> <br /> Overall, the era of 1959-1965 is the best of this series. When Adam left, it slowly fell. Most of the performance before 1970 is also pretty good. In 1970, the series tried to be hard to be hip and topical, and it had lost a lot of its western flavor. The addition of Candy and teen kiden also diluted the overall quality of the show, and Hose's death (Dan Blocker) was the last nail. Bonanza is probably the best Western series ever made, and out of the 465 episodes produced, at least a hundred of them are excellent Western drama! It's a really good record. Even the worst of Bonanza is better than many other TV shows.
