I grew up in this classic western series, and as a child, it always looked like a treat to be allowed to stop late on Sunday evenings to see it. Bonanza is still impenetrable again. The series chronicles the Cartwright adventure family who live on a ranch near Virginia City, Nevada around the Civil War era. Their ranch (called Ponderosa) is run and defended by the widow, Ben, and his unmarried three sons Adam, Hoss and Little Joe. These three brothers have different mothers, all of whom have passed away years earlier. Cartwrights is a hardworking, affluent and honorable family, highly respected in these parts. Ponderosa is large so it reaches a lot to drive on the extremities. Also trips away are often needed to buy or sell cattle and so on. Needless to say, some of these excursions pass uneventfully. Though hospitable, much of Cartwright's energy must be used to defend their ranch from interlopers or protect themselves from city-dwellers who are envious of their prosperity and stellar reputation. Cartwrights do a fair bit of shooting their weapons in the air and such, but only shoot to kill when considered absolutely necessary. They are involved in various urban conditions, even the political life of the Nevada area. <br /> <br /> One of the main assets of the series is the underlying heat that is always present (despite occasional disagreements) between Ben and his three sons and (despite frequent disagreements) between the three brothers. Now a brother can beat another now and then, but generally has a good reason for it at that time, and his anger never lasts long! The characters are all very well drawn. Ben is portrayed as a successful and noble man with great integrity. The eldest son, Adam, the most rational and suave of the brothers, left halfway through the series. The midbrush, Hoss, is a gentle giant of a teddy bear who has an insatiable appetite for food and is a little shy about the ladies. The youngest, Little Joe, is a warm leader, handsome charmer, who, on the other hand, has a straight line with women. This trio of brothers enjoys different romances, but their love interests are typically killed at the end of the episode, or marriage is impossible, for whatever reason. The actors are all the role of the stars, including Pernell Roberts (Adam), Dan Blocker (Hoss), Michael Landon (Little Joe) and of course Lorne Greene as the principal family patriarch, Ben. I also love the ranch chef, Hop Sing, played by Victor Sen Yung. <br /> <br /> This is a wonderful action packed western with great values. Cartwrights are always the noble heroes and most of the evil guys are quite villainous. If there were only more programs like this vintage western on television these days!
