Walt Disney and his 9 old men set their own 1950 spin on the classic Cinderella adventure, which I think you can say helps form an unofficial "fairy tale princess trilogy" from the classic Disney years. <br /> <br /> THE PLACE: Cinderella is a nice girl who can't take a break. She is the daughter of a lovely, wealthy widow who loved her deeply, but her mother died when Cinderella was very young, and Cindy's father felt she needed a mother figure so that he eventually married the woman who would be known as Lady Tremaine, even widowed with two daughters of the same age as Cinderella, Anastasia and Drizella. At first they all seemed, but then Cinderella's father fell, and Lady Tremaine's true nature was revealed. She was a cold, cruel, dull, heartless, medieval female woman, and she passed these traits on her daughters, who were pampered, bratty, and just as mediocre. Anastasia & Drizella hates Cinderella because they know deeply that she looks better and an overall nicer and more attractive lady than themselves (ie more attractive to men), and their mother, Lady Tremaine, hates Cindy for almost the same reasons. As the years passed, Lady Tremaine began to displace family fortunes in a stubborn but meaningless quest to improve / refine her unpleasant, unattractive daughters (to call them "domestic" would be an insult to domestic people everywhere), while all three executed Cinderella was to be the house's multi-tasking servant, abusing her, abusing her and humiliating her every chance of getting them (they are particularly happy to increase her already absurd workload). It brings us to Cinderella in the present, where she has blossomed into a beautiful young lady who somehow manages to remain kind and good despite her violent family and sticks to the hope that the tables for a day will Turn to its advantage. Cinderella gets her shot on freedom and happiness when a royal ball is held to introduce the local prince to a qualified young girl so he can take her as a wife, settle down, start a family, etc. . Of course, her tree family tries to keep her from participating and even attacks her as far as possible and tear the dress she had given herself (with a little help from her mouse friends - dress belonged to her biological mother). Finally pushed over her breakpoint, Cinderella runs into the yard and cries in despair. It is at that time that her Fairy Godmother, a short, jolly, jolly woman, arrives and gives Cinderella transport and a transformed dress (after all, Cinderella would not make a very good impression on the ball if she entered the scene as if she had just got a gang raped). Cindy comes to the ball, the prince falls hard for her, but the annoying midnight rule gets in the way and forces her to escape but leaves a glass clip. Make a long story short - after a prolonged quest to find the mystery girl through trial on the glass plate, Cinderella is found and she and the prince get married and give her the happy end she deserves. <br /> <br /> All in all, a fun Disney classic. Not without his mistakes, the most sharp of which is that the prince is a little more than a MacGuffin to help push the plot together - he has very little screen time and even less dialogue, so we never know him very well or get a good look on his relationship with Cinderella (which is unfortunate when the prince was originally meant to play a bigger role), and a few extra scenes to help eradicate Cinderella himself could have been useful (there was a song that showed that she fantasized about becoming a maid's army to clean up the house as well as eavesdropping on her standing family ball to show her amusement by their jealousy that was cut because Walt herself thought it made her look scary. Still, Cinderella is even a sympathetic heroine, even though she is up to her mouse friends, and there is a sweetness to the movie that gets harder to find these days. Of course, if this was done now, Cinderella would probably put more of a fight against her family during the dress ripping stage and would probably free herself in climax (either by choosing the lock herself or making an impractical yet exciting jump from her window) but it is next to the point. And for all those who say Cinderella puts a bad example for young girls, consider it - at least Cinderella did not publicly full and indecently postponed, unlike some modern "princesses" (you know who I mean).
