People criticize Disney's animated traits in the 1950s to be too glossy, set in landscapes that are too pristine. That criticism is just. And yet it may not be the whole story, because the two least blanks - "Alice in Wonderland" and "Peter Pan" - are also the weakest. "Cinderella", on the other hand, lies in a world where much dirt sparkles, is clearly the best. It looks good. The backgrounds are subtle and consistent; The colors are clean without being too bright. The animation varies slightly. I will swear that some people are rotoscoped - but the rotoscopes (including Cinderella themselves) are not full blooded characters in the script, so this approach works well enough. It's really the animals that make the movie. I think the studio had never used animals in this way before, as tilems rather than sidekicks. For example, the mice are the creatures that draw us into the story; but they are truly representatives or allies in the more colorless Cinderella. The cat, Lucifer, is a kind of witch acquainted with the evil intestine. (The cat is brilliantly conceived and animated - one of the best cat creations from time to time. The watch activator was Ward Kimball and he modeled it on his own cat. I wonder how he set up with the animal.) This approach does it possible for the animals to steal the show without making our attention from the main story. Their actions are only of the highest interest in the light of the main story. Among the supportive casts are the remarkable people of the King and Grand Duke. The king is a unique character - he wants to have grandchildren and does not seem to have any other wishes - but the note is beaten in a pleasant way. The Grand Duke is an urgent character who deserves to be lifted out of his ball as much as Cinderella does. (Although of course he is richer.) "Cinderella" is Disney's return to functions after an eight-year hiatus, and neither with it nor with any subsequent films would he regain the raw brilliance of his early years. In addition, he did it hard for himself by choosing "Cinderella". She is a passive heroine and there is not much that anyone can do about it. (Maybe I'm wrong on this score - I haven't seen the latest "Ever After".) Nevertheless, it is remarkable how lucky Disney was to bring this indestructible story to life without cutting across its grains of spirit.
