The legendary film producer Walt Disney brought three of the world's greatest adventures on display. They remain among the most popular animated movies all the time. The first was his groundbreaking classic "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs" released in 1937. The latter was the then-appreciated "Sleeping Beauty" which made it debut in 1959. Between these two, perhaps his most satisfying adaptation of a classic adventure: "Cinderella" (1950). Of the three films, "Cinderella" is the most faithful to its origin. Ironically, unlike "Snow White", which for better or worse became too many the final version of the story. "Cinderella" did not follow the same path. Although it was a hit, and "Snow White" was responsible for restoring the diminishing Disney fortunes, it never gained the same audience recognition as it certainly deserved. Disney once made himself proud and chose not to manipulate a classic, instead elaborate and add substance to the story, rather than rewriting it to the screen. The result was enchanting. <br /> <br /> A combination of great animation (in beautifully soft Technicolor) and the perfect talents brought life to life with a radiance that lasts to this day. Ilene Woods, who was a radio producer, recorded demonstration records of the songs as a benefit to the writers of the material, Al Hoffman, Mack David and Jerry Livingston. When Disney heard them, he knew he had found his Cinderella. And he actually had. Wood's heartfelt impressions of "A Dream is a Wish that the Heart Does", "So It's Love" and "Oh Sing Sweet Nightingale" are perfect. Eleanor Audley, who wanted to continue voting Maleficent in "Sleeping Beauty," was masterfully captured by the founder's ferocious cruelty, while Rhoda Williams and Lucille Bliss were convincingly scary stepists. Luis Van Rooten performed as both the King and Grand Duke, and James Macdonald was loving as both Jaq and Gus, Cinderella's devoted mice. William Phipps has a little dialogue like the prince (future talk show host Mike Douglas gave his voice to the voice) but movie (and Disney) veteran, Verna Felton was born to play the fairy godmother and she made the best song (the Oscar nominated "Bibbidi") Bobbi-Boo ") his own show-stopper. <br /> <br /> Among the artists responsible for the "look" of the movie, Mary Blair, whose inspired use of color was greatly admired by Disney. Her elegant French period backgrounds add tremendously to the quality of the movie. But most importantly, they are credible signs - from Cinderella, right down to Lucifer, the tribal's delicious evil cat. They bring both life and vitality to the often told story, something very difficult to create in an animated film. <br /> <br /> In connection with the film's 55th anniversary (and not so randomly, the upcoming holiday season) "Cinderella" has just been released on a special edition DVD. It has simply never looked better. The fully restored movie should be seen as appreciated - it is enough to say it looks wonderful. An enhanced stereo soundtrack has been added and serves the music well. DVD extras, which are now a standard part of Disney Platinum Editions, are too many to list here, but which are usually aimed at children, some are oblique to adults, and the rest fall somewhere. But real fans would like the Deluxe Gift Set because, along with an actual movie from the movie and eight character sketches, it contains a 160-page hardback book that not only contains most of the material in the 1995 special edition home video release book, but also much more. As usual for Disney, "Cinderella" will only be available for a limited time. So if you like me, you are a "Cinderella" lover, get it now! This edition is really a "Dream Come True".
