And here's another proof that we all have to worship the Italian giallo and acknowledge it to be the most unique subgenre in horror. Emilio Miraglas "The Red Queen Kills Seven Times" is a completely fascinating sound of original plot, stylish production values, enchanting music, amazing actors and inventive gory murder sequences. It is a fabulous giallo (released in the golden year 1972), which belongs to the five largest fan of Italian cinema. The story not only introduces your average black gloves and sexually frustrated killer, but blends good old-fashioned revenge motifs with the murderous myth of the murderous "Red Queen". In their young age, their grandfather tells the constantly fighting siblings Kitty and Evelyn about a creepy lady who, once every 100 years on April 6, kills seven people, of whom the sister is the inevitable last victim. Fourteen years later, Kitty has become the successful choreographer of a prominent modeling agency (even sharing his bed with the general manager) when suddenly the killing spree begins. Sister Evelyn would be the obvious sinner, but she recently moved to the states ... Or does she have it? Complex yet convincing and involved red herring are thrown at you every few minutes, and the Red Queen character is definitely the most fascinating killer in giallo history. Her face can never be seen, but she has a blood-red cape and produces the most horrible laugh every time she made a new victim. She is not exactly gentle, since her victims are barbarically broken with a dagger, dragged behind cars and even impaled on fences! The latter is really one of the biggest (= most cruel) acts of violence I've ever seen! What more could you ask for? Some classic and tasteful nudity, maybe? The beautiful female actresses got this more than covered, among them Barbara Bouchet and a young Sybil Danning. Emilio Miraglia is not the most famous giallo director when he only made this and the just-recommended "The Night Evelyn came out of the tomb" but his influence and importance should NOT be forgotten.
