I sit through movies like "Tiempo de valientes" and I would like to talk about cinema for hours. The admiration that this film caused me lies beyond my own explanations because I see the scenes of the film and I search within my thoughts for film-making ideas and dialogue innovations that could come out of something greater than Damian Szifron's mind. <br /> Looking the environment so uncompromising, so simple, I think; this man is a genius. No wonder he created what is probably the best TV show Argentina has ever seen, and then a first movie full of elements some modern directors have not yet achieved. "El fondo del mar" is the name and it was awakened some years ago, my enthusiasm for our daily cinema. <br /> <br /> With his journey from people's daily realities, Szifron goes where Pablo Trapero never could be in "El Bonaerense"; the federal police department life. Trapero's film was a journey to a man's mind and experiences, not in the places he saw. Yes, there was a detailed training and many crime situations, but Szifron in "in there" is his more a detective story, like those we know and love, with the mysteries and the exciting music. <br /> But there is a lot of humanity in his writing, and he shows us his study through the eyes of his protagonists, Alfredo Díaz and Mariano Silverstein. There are many actors of great caliber in the movie, but these two actors are the ones the movie can't do without. The first sign (Luis Luque) is a detective who has just found out that his wife is cheating on him; and must work on a case. <br /> <br /> The other is a psychiatrist assigned to the treatment of the detective. He wants to deal with him in regular sessions, but the sheriff exploits the schedule and suggests he joins Díaz in his routines: "It's nothing, the usual stuff, no problem". But it's bigger than that, and it will unfold a part of the doctor's personality that he didn't know. <br /> <br /> The relationship between the two leaders cannot be explained unless it is observed because it welcomes such a complexity that shows how talented some men are as Szifron trying today to leave a signature in our history . Díaz tells Silverstein: "How do we continue our treatment?" And Silverstein replies, "No, I'm not your doctor. You call me to have dinner your friend": we laugh because we can't help it. <br /> <br /> And we can't be laughed at when Díaz crashes a car on the street and doesn't matter to it, or when he violates all the red lights on the street or when he smokes pot in his police patrol and Silverstein can't believe it (but then it also smokes because he's turned up); or when Silverstein tries to be kind to Díaz's robber. Magic from Diego Peretti is what we receive there. He, a psychiatrist himself, gives a performance in the plan "Locas de amor", but impresses with his entire range. Luis Luque, on the other hand, is back on track with a top-notch depiction that reminds us of the great actor he is. There is a passion I have for this, and as I said, I could write about it for hours, but unfortunately it is not the way it works and I have to be precise and sum up. Although I have to see many of the old films and study them, I could assure myself that "Tiempo de valientes" is the comedy that Argentina had been waiting for and never got? Up to now.
