There are very few practitioners today who can keep me imprisoned throughout a movie just by their presence. One of the few is Judy Davis, who has built a successful career out of creating characters that are strong in attitudes but very vulnerable at heart. She takes roles that most other artists will treat melodramatically and add a burning, deep emotional intensity that draws attention away from anything else on the screen. <br /> <br /> Her skills appear well in "High Tide", a movie that matches her a second time with director Gillian Armstrong, who gave Davis his first major success with "My Brilliant Career." In that film, Davis played a young woman determined to do it in the world, despite the choking she felt from her community and upbringing. In "High Tide", however, Davis' character, Lillie, is pretty much the opposite: she gave hope for her future when she was young and after the birth of a child runs from her responsibility and takes a life without direction or meaning . When she finally meets her daughter years later, the idea of ​​taking care of her child is terrible; She knows this is her chance to make her mistakes, but how can she be honest with her daughter and still get her respect? <br /> <br /> Gillian Armstrong's film usually relates to stories of characters who will desperately communicate with each other, but face obstacles created by their own personal habits and addictions. "Oscar and Lucinda" were, for example, about About a man and a woman who desperately needed each other's love, but were always blindsided by their desire for chance, represented by their gambling addiction. Here we are immersed in a family's family who are separated by the mother's inability to commit to a definite life and her struggle to redeem herself despite the fact that we are completely convinced that it is too late to change for the better. This is not just a movie with a fantastic performance in the center, but also a rare achievement: a compelling story of redemption.
