while the hard-boiled detective stories from Dashiell Hammett and Raymond Chandler have been cinema-like as a fox in a chicken purchase - actually creating the final modern American genre and style of the process - those who can be called Golden Age fiction - have hardly made any impression at all. The problem with books like Agatha Christie, Dorothy L. Sayers or SS Van Dine (on whose work this film is based) is that they are low on action or variation - while Sam Spade or Philip Marlowe crosses the intermediate streets of LA, working class dwellings. bars, offices, wealthy mansions and all kinds of exciting dangers and violence, Golden Age fiction is generally attached to the site, the murder scene, usually a lavish country house, and the action is limited to investigating tracks and interviewing suspects. This is a very static procedure set up for puzzles. <br /> <br /> Of course, this is just as ideological as anything else; the Golden Age stories deal with a society hostile to change and movement; The hard-boiled novels that record a city's reality are increasingly moving away from a center (both authority and city) that divides into hostile, always uncontrollable, and lawless camps. Another major problem with Golden Age fiction is character - because we cannot know the answer to the crime at the end, we cannot access the characters' motivations or feelings, being defined solely by their potential need to murder. The detective, in contrast to the anxious, prejudiced private eyes, is simply there to be brilliant and perhaps a little eccentric. The problem with most movies from Golden Age books is that they are trying to be period recreation in the Merchant Ivory / Jane Austen school, and end up looking stupid. There have been successes, for example, the radical reworking of Ellery Queen and others by Claude Chabrol. In the English speaking world there have only been two. The Alistair Sim classic 'Green For Danger' works because it almost pushes the shape in parody, while never betraying the integrity or interest of the mystery. Before that came Michael Curtiz brilliant 'The Kennel Murder' Sag '. The story is pure golden age. An offensive character is introduced, giving a number of potential suspects to kill him. He is duly murdered in a seemingly foolproof way that indicates suicide, fell into a locked room. The caricature police officers fall hopelessly for bait. It is up to Philo Vance, gentleman and amateur researcher, neither old nor fat, to read the guides more insightfully, open the case out of space boundaries and finally solve the matter, the body is a little more than the pretext for intellectual stimulation. What is interesting is not this detective plot - which can only be unsatisfactory as all solutions are - although rarely less than entertaining and full of comic things. There is not even an attempt to "undermine" the perfect detective's image - there is an alarming scene in which a brutal sergeant threatens to tear a suspect, without Vance's protest, but it is about it. <br /> <br /> What marks the 'Kennel' as a classic is its modernity. Curtiz is generally not considered a great writer because he has no coherent themes or signs of artistic development. But he was Hollywood's greatest craftsman, and he's in a sensational form here. If the Golden Age detective story is a puzzle game, Curtiz takes this idea to be logically extreme, creating an abstract variation on its source, reducing narrative, character, and location to geometry, a series of lines, from the beautiful art deco sets to the brilliant camera movements, which suddenly breaks from a static composition, and as they glide furiously at an angle, pushes the dead decor to life. <br /> <br /> This treatment fits a story that resolutely rejects realism; it is a pattern that makes the detective plot a mirror hall, like the two central brothers, or the original crime itself, borrowed from an 'Unresolved Mystery 'book. This fantasy world of ugly rich men gathering oriental relics (shadows of 'The Moonstone'), harmless Chinese servants, ex-cons turned butlers, dog lovers fops, Runyonesque cops, is the perfect place for Vance, a man who will drop a cruise to Europe on a fantasy hunch, who knows these people's social world and yet is infested with his interest in crime and affiliation with the police, or would it be if he was nothing more than a thinking machine, William Powell, the greatest American comedian in the decade, boldly undermining his idiosyncratic humanity. <br /> <br /> But if the treatment is rare, the climax is spectacularly brutal involving evil dogs and attempted murder. The police and the detective who was supposed to prevent crime are responsible for encouraging one.
