There are some movies that every horror fan owes himself (or himself) to see, and Emilio Miraglias "La Dama Rossa Uccide Sette Volte" aka. "The Red Queen Kills Seven Times" (1972) is definitely one of them. When Gialli and Gothic Tales were my two favorite subgenres in Horror, I was looking forward to watching this movie for a while, and although my expectations were high, this masterpiece surpassed my greatest hopes. Miragla's former Giallo, "Night Evelyn came out of the tomb" (1971), was already a creepy and very atmospheric movie that successfully blended Giallo with gothic horror, but could not be compared to this immediate personal favorite. "The Red Queen Kills Seven Times" is, hands down, one of the most unique and overwhelming Italian Horror movies ever made, and no lovers of the genre might consider missing it. An incredibly fascinating Giallo with strong gothic elements, "The Red Queen" delivers everything one could hope for in every subgenre: An inventive and incredibly convincing plot, spine-chilling excitement, a sublime creepy setting and a truly scary atmosphere, frankly lush Colors, stylish murders, a brilliant score and, not least, an amazing female cast lead by the amazingly beautiful Barbara Bouchet - this film is simply one of the most outstanding combinations of elegant beauty and pure terror. <br /> <br /> The movie starts amazingly in a beautiful gothic castle in Germany. As little girls, Kitty Wildenbrück and her sister Evelyn have fought when their grandfather tells them the story of an incredibly creepy painting: Legend has it that an enemy Red lady must return to the castle every hundred years and kill seven people. Fourteen years later, Kitty (Barbara Bouchet) has become a successful fashion photographer. Suddenly people are getting murdered ... Director Miraglia had already proved his incredible talent for style, atmosphere and colorful twilight with "The Night Evelyn Out of the Tomb" and he makes use of these elements even more effectively in this gem. "The Red Queen Kills Seven Times" is a feast for the eyes, and one of the most overwhelming Italian Horror films both visually and graphically. The joking painting in the grandfather's castle alone is capable of giving the viewer goose bumps. The Red Lady (or the Red Queen as she's called in the English title) is undoubtedly the most enemy figure ever in a Giallo, the spine-chilling laughter accompanied by the murders, would even be frightening on its own. <br /> <br /> A sexy female cast is always appreciated, especially in a Giallo, and this is a good example of that. The amazing Barbara Bouchet (one of my favorite actresses) must be one of the most beautiful beautiful ladies ever to appear on the screen, and she is also a great actress. Bouchet's presence has sorted many Italian flicks, among others she appeared in three of the greatest cult masterpieces of the Italian 70's cinema within a year (1972): Fernando Di Leo's "Milan Calibro 9", Lucio Fulci's Giallo highlight "Don" Torture a Duckling "and this unforgettable gem. Apart from the wonderful Miss Bouchet, the film's beautiful female cast sexy young Sybil Danning, Marina Malfatti (" The Night Evelyn came out of the tomb ") and other beauties who are not afraid to wear it for the camera. <br /> <br /> Like the whole movie, the murders are stylish and extremely elegant, yet scary and macabre, and some of them are pretty gory. Bruno Nicolai's fascinating score is as memorable as it gets and makes the movie Intense head atmosphere even more haunting. The plot is brilliantly distorted and full of red herring, and the excitement level extends every minute. "The Red Queen ..." begins scary and it remains fanta last minute noise. All in all, this is one of the movies I can't find enough praise for. "The Red Queen Kills Seven Times" is an absolute masterpiece that easily stretches among the finest Gialli ever made, and a top priority for any fan of Horror and / or Italian cinema to watch. 10.10
