Michael Curtiz instructed this 1930 very stylish whodunit from a script by Robert Presnell Sr., Robert N. Lee and Peter Mine. The original novel, the custom, was "The Kennel Murder Case", perhaps from an author's point of view the best of Philo Vance's mysteries of the weird S.S. From Yours. Vance was a prolonged and superior detective genius and his character, awarded to William Powell, probably meant that Warner Brothers executives were aware of the possibility of the detector in less engaging hands alienating viewers. Fortunately, they assigned sovereign William Powell to the sign first. Later, he was played by Basil Rathbone, Warren William and Paul Lukas before being shipped to "B" image status. The second question, as always with Warner Brothers executives, is why they chose Vance as a sign; their preference was to choose men who operated outside the law, without apparent discrimination between an evil killer and a master of individual rights towards all future. This movie has a despicable villain being murdered and a claustrophobic challenging room in an apartment complex. The characters are unarguably unusually suitable, the direction is pretty good and unusually fast; and except for a dark B / W look, the films avoid the comic asides, superfluous characters, and irrelevant dialogue characteristics for many early detective records. Jack Okey did the good art direction. The music of Berhard Kaun is useful; Orry-Kelly made costumes. William Reese gave the most indoor cinematography. In the exciting cast, Powell is the Philo Vance of his time, mostly sober with just a touch of sardonic humor here and there. Eugene Palette is better than normal playing much like an admiring cop to Vance, with her highly professional timing. The other actor who comes out best is beautiful Paul Cavangh, very effective as always in what was written as a red herring. Mary Astor is attractive, but at this point in her career, she talked a little too fast to be as effective as she later appeared. Also in the cast were Helen Vinson as the villain's wife, Jack La Rue, Ralph Morgan (best known as Frank Morgan's brother), Robert Barrat as the villain, all have reason to kill, Archer Coe and Frank Conroy as his lovable brother with Robert McWade as AS; quirky and fun Etiienne Girardot has a nice witty part like the funny little forensic doctor coming on the crime scene. James Lee as the abused Chinese waiter is excellent and intelligent. The story goes into four parts. First there is shadow action at a dog show where Vance, Coe and Cavanagh all show West Highland Terriers. Cavanagh's dog is killed by Coe to prevent him from winning the title of his own entry. The other part of the scene involves a forgiveness; Someone is confused enough by who has gone where Coe shares from her girl friend Vinson to murder his good brother by mistake. Enter Vance to find out who did in Archer Coe in a locked room and how, with Palette's help, the romantic difficulties are straightened out, the Chinese servant is freed, we find out who broke the expensive vase, who will marry with whom how Archer Coe was made and why the butler did not - but another with a good excuse did. This is a more than good little mystery that the talented Hungarian-born instructor Curtiz took quite seriously. He used wipes, fast cuts, camera angle changes and alternates between straightforward and bold camera work to achieve variety, interest and sustained pace. Many authors, critics and experts, even included, consider this to be the best of the Vance projects, although others are also discretionary.
