"Markham," says urban gentleman criminal solver Philo Vance (William Powell) to the district attorney: "I am increasingly believing that Archer Coe was killed in this room. It's all here. "" But Vance, "says Markham," do you mean tell me that a dead man went upstairs? " "I'm not trying to tell you other than facts," says Vance. "This is the most remarkable case in my experience." <br /> <br /> We are sympathetic. Wealthy, arrogant Archer Coe did not like what seemed to anyone who knew him was found falling into a chair in his bedroom, handgun gun and a shot on the wound in the head. But wait. Further studies show that Coe was hit hard by a silent instrument that broke his skull. Then there is the dagger wound in the back. Complicating questions are that Coe's bedroom and windows were all locked from the inside. Coe was not suicide; this was murder But how could the killer be avoided? What was the specific motivation as there are so many suspects? And why was Coe's brother, Brisbane Coe, found dead in the main floor? <br /> <br /> The 73-year-old Kennel Murder Case still gives a stylish look to the old locked-room classic whodunit. What makes it work as well as it does is, first of all, the mystery is complicated and wise, but it's still logical. Secondly, William Powell's entertaining, secure performance. Consider his work as Philo Vance as something like an exercise for his amazing performances like Nick Charles. Few things escape Vance. He uses his wits to piece things together. He is also a good company. Powell was a star in his twenties and moved steadily up in status and popularity as talks took over. His intelligence, style and effortless sophistication have made him one of the most contemporaneous apparent actors of the past. <br /> <br /> Also comfortable is to see a few other great faces. There is Mary Astor like Hilda Lake, the young, harmless and potentially rich congregation of Coe; Paul Cavanaugh as the title Brit floats around Hilda; Helen Vinson with her particularly hungry and selfish way (see her really doing her stuff in the 1938 Vogues); Etienne Giraudot, a little older man like the fussy Dr. Doremus, whose work as a champion and medical examination keeps him away from his meals; and Ralph Morgan as Archer Coe's private secretary. This film has a high percentage of medieval men without an ounce of fat that can wear tight, cut English tailored suits with ease. Most of all, Eugene Palette, with her noble stomach and gravel voice, is Detective Sergeant Heath. Sergeant Heath and Vance are aware of a long time that actually seems to like each other.
