I feel a little protective of this movie because it was my introduction to U.N.C.E. The year was 1972 and I.T.V. drove all eight features of a bumper drive (followed by re-runs of 'The Persuaders' with Tony Curtis and Roger Moore) on Saturday nights. 'The Karate Killers' was chosen to open the season. It began with a cool action when Solo and Kuryakin's sports car were attacked by a squadron of THRUSH mini-copters. I was a fan of life from that moment. After the main credits (great to see a special title sequence here instead of the usual practice of slowing down action movies) we go to the lab by Dr. .Simon True (Jim Boles), inventor of a new formula for extracting gold from seawater. True's wife Amanda (Joan Crawford) has had an affair with THRUSH agent Randolph (Herbert Lom). A ruthless guy in fact, he kills both the doctor and his wife before hunting for the formula. True, he has prepared for the event - he has divided it into five segments, each written on a photograph of himself and sent it to his five daughters, all of whom are scattered all over the world. <br /> <br /> Solo and Kuryakin set out to get the formula first, which led to a series of episodes in different locations and came from similar ones as Telly Savalas (as a narrow Italian Count), Terry-Thomas and Curt Jurgens. One of Dr.True's daughters - Sandy (Kim Darby) - accompanies U.N.C.L.E. boys on their global mission. <br /> <br /> After collecting the formula, THRUSH shows up and makes them deliver them before they knock them out to their secret base on the North Pole ... <br /> <br /> By all UNCLE feature film, this is what I feel should have been produced specifically for the cinema. It hurts by being a television product, albeit a little bit more expensive than usual. No localization film was performed and the various segments encountered as repetitive, usually culminating in a scrap between U.N.C.L.E. and THRUSH. Of the cast, Joan Crawford is secretly hammy in her small role, and Curt Jurgens is mistakenly mistaken for sugar daddy. As a London bobby, Terry-Thomas is as lovely as ever, and Herbert Lom is good as the top villain. However, Kim Darby encounters 'Sandy'. She should have been told to stay home. What is surprising about this is that it manages to be more entertaining and entertaining than many official movie shows of the time, including 'In Like Flint', 'Casino Royale' and 'The Ambushers'. I would like to know how Solo and the company fled from THRUSH H.Q. after Randolph's death, however.
