It could have been a better movie. It draws on points, and the central story changes from Boyer, who accomplishes his mission to Boyer, which discourages Wanda Hendrix's death, but Graham Greene is a writer who is really hard to pamper. His stories are all moral stories because of his own reflection on Catholicism, guilt and innocence (very relative expression in his worldview) and human condition. Boyer is Luis Denard, a well-known concert pianist who has been equated with the Republicans in the Spanish Civil War. He has been sent to England to try to carry out an arms purchase agreement desperately needed. Unfortunately for Denard, he is literally alone - all his contacts turn out to be a willing skin to the Falagists in Spain. In particular, Katina Paxinou (Mrs Melendez) an ugly boarding keeper, and Peter Lorre (Mr. Contreras) a teacher of an "Esperanto" type of international language. Wanda Hendrix is ​​killing a girl (Else) working for Mrs. Melendez. The local diplomat, Licata (Victor Francken) is already a willing associate of the Falangists. <br /> <br /> The British (Holmes Herbert, Miles Mander, and best - if not worst - of the party, George Coulouris) I don't give much hope to the Boys cause (which he soon understands may be Britain before long). Herbert and Mander pull behind the official neutrality policy ordered by Ramsay MacDonald's and Stanley Baldwin's governments during the civil war. Coulouris here is a typical Col. Blimp type - always impeccable in his native English diction, he is keen to show his aversion to foreigners in general. <br /> <br /> One ray of hope is Lauren Bacall (Rose Cullen), here she tries to play her role as well as she can - but she can't really. She is an aristocrat - daughter of a press officer. It was Bacall's second movie, and (sad to say) sank almost his long career. She works well, but the sparkle she showed in her first movie was due to the double effect of the starring of Humphrey Bogart and ruled by Howard Hawks. Boyer is a great actor, but he is not Bogie, and Herman Shumlin is not Hawks. Her next movie returned to Bogie and Hawks again, and her star resumed her move. <br /> <br /> It's a bleak movie (that was the novel). Boyer's mission never succeeds as he has too many hidden enemies everywhere. But the bad guys are also losers - often with their lives. <br /> <br /> With Dan Seymour as a suspicious foreign tenant of Katina Paxinou (and the man who destroys her). It is worth looking to catch Warner's many actors who do their best in view of the weakness in the direction.
