Gregory Peck's brilliant depiction of Douglas MacArthur from the Battle of Corregidor in the Philippines at the beginning of the Pacific War, largely due to his removal as a UN Commander during the Korean War, gives rise to belief in all three of the above options. The most controversial US Second World War (and possibly ever) MacArthur is definitely here as a man with massive contradictions. He claims that soldiers, above all, long for peace, but of course he rejoices in war; he consistently refuses any political ambition, but almost everything he does is deliberately used to increase as a presidential candidate; he believes, of course, that under his command soldiers must follow his orders for the letter, but he himself deliberately wipes orders from the US President; he shows great respect for other cultures (especially in the Philippines and Japan) and is, however, completely out of touch with his own country. All these things are kept in balance throughout this film, and finally the viewer is back to draw his own conclusions about the man, even though one is undoubtedly left that MacArthur sincerely and passionately loved his country and especially the army he devoted his life to. <br /> <br /> As I said, Peck's performance was brilliant - in fact overshadowing almost everyone else in the movie (which may be appropriate, given who he portrayed!) with the possible exception of Ed Flanders. Although he offered a compelling look at Harry Truman and his attitude towards MacArthur: sarcastic (repeatedly referred to MacArthur as "His Majesty") is angry, frustrated, and ultimately tired of this General, who simply does not respect his authority as president. Marj Dusay was also exciting as MacArhur's wife Jean, devoted to her husband (which she herself called "General", although their relationship seems to have been a happy one.) I have greatly benefited from this movie, though it might have Want to learn a little more about MacArthur's early life. I have always chuckled at MacArthur's reaction to Eisenhower, who was elected president ("He will make a fine president - he was the best damn clerk I have ever had" - which seems to sum up what MacArthur thought the President should be, especially to his military commanders during wartime. 8.10
