It is noteworthy that mine is only the third review of this movie, while "Patton-Lust for Glory", producer Frank McCarthy's previous biography of a controversial second-world American general, has so far attracted nearly one hundred comments. As a previous reviewer, I am fascinated by why a movie should have received so much more attention than the other. One difference between the two films is that "Patton" is more focused and concentrates on a relatively short period of and immediately after the end of World War II, while "MacArthur" not only covers this war but also its professional role in the Korean War, as well as his period as US Governor of occupied Japan in the meantime. /> <br /> However, the main difference lies in the way the two leaders play. Gregory Peck dominates this movie even more than George C. Scott dominated `Patton '. While Scott had another big star, Karl Malden, playing opposite him as General Bradley, none of the other actors in 'MacArthur' are house names, at least for their film work. Of course, Scott showed Patton as aggressive and fiery, a man who at times was at war with the rest of mankind, not just with the enemy. I suppose in real life General MacArthur was as volcanic as Patton, but that's not how he looks in this movie. Peck's MacArthur is a more reflective, thought-provoking bend similar to the liberal intellectuals he played in some of his other films. At times he even seems to be a politically left man. Much of his speech on the occasion of the Japanese surrender in 1945 could have been written by a paid-in CND member, and his policies for reforming the Japanese community during the US occupation have a semi-socialist air for them. In an effort to show some of MacArthur's gift of inspirational leadership, Peck makes him a fine speaker, but his speech always seems to blame more for the practiced rhetoric's studied tricks than for any fire in the heart. It's as if Atticus Finch from `To Kill a Mockingbird 'had put on a general's uniform. While Scott tried a `wart and all 'portrait of Patton, it has been criticized that' MacArthur 'is trying to shine on some of its subjects' less attractive qualities. I believe that this criticism is fair, especially as far as the Korean war is concerned. The film gives the impression that MacArthur was a brilliant general who dared to interrupt, military-ignorant politicians who did not know how to fight for the war and were fired for his pain when victory was within his grasp. Of course, many historians feel that Truman was forced to withdraw MacArthur because the latter's behavior was a risk to world peace and had no choice but to accept a stalemate because Stalin would not have allowed his Chinese allies to be humiliated. Even during the Korean scenes, Peck's MacArthur comes across as more idealistic than his original original was probably; We see a bit of his rashness and naivety about political issues. (Truman's remark, "He knows so much about politics like a pig on Sunday" was said about Eisenhower, but it might as well have been used for MacArthur's approach to international diplomacy). Perhaps the film's attempt to paint some of MacArthur's warts reflects the period in which it was made. At the end of the seventies, after Vietnam and Watergate twin traumas, was a difficult time for America, and a public looking for reassurance could have welcomed a soothing heroic depiction of a previous generation military figure. Another criticism I would make of the movie is that it falls between two stools. If it were supposed to be a full biography of MacArthur, there should have been some of his early life that is not covered at all. (The first thing we see of the general is when he leads the US opposition to the Japanese invasion of the Philippines). A theme that runs throughout the film is the influence of General MacArthur's father, even a military hero. I would have liked to see what kind of man Arthur MacArthur was and just why his son considered him such a hero and role model. Another interesting way to make the film was to concentrate on Korea and MacArthur's clashes with Truman, with the same prominence to the two men and to actors of the same style who played them. The way the movie was actually made seemed to me to be less interesting than any of these alternative approaches. However, it would be wrong to give the impression that I did not like the movie altogether. Although I may not have accepted Peck's interpretation of the lead role, there is no denial that he played it with his normal professionalism and seriousness. The film as a whole is a good example of a solid, working biopic, thought-provoking and informative. It's a good movie, but one that could have been a better one. 10.7. <br /> <br /> On a pedantic note, the card shown by MacArthur during the use of the Korean War, DMZ, shows the boundary between the two Korean states that did not emerge until after the war. (The pre-war border was the 38th parallel). Also, I think MacArthur referred to 'tocsin' of war. War can be poisonous, but it is difficult to listen with thirsty ear to a toxin.
