When I was on Hollywood video, I looked through their clearance out movies and there were DEMONICUS for five buckaroos plus fifty percent! I saw it only once before and couldn't pass this great deal! The second view was much better than the first one. The box is so cool and the music is very good. If you haven't seen Demonicus yet, I recommend you do it, or if you rented and hated Demonicus, it gives another chance as another view of it may change you. If you've seen a copy of Hollywood Video for the price I got it for, don't give it up because it's a lot! Demonicus is a very different but entertaining film. Listen or not is like watching an interactive video game without playing it! It has very low budget and players I am sure no one is familiar with. We started the video game, I mean movies with a guy and a woman where in Italy, and there is a cave that actually looks like a railroad / railroad tunnel, and she doesn't say go in there and what does he do? The normal thing! He didn't listen to her! He enters and finds lots of gladiator artifacts and armor and an almost perfectly preserved body of a legendary gladiator named Tyrannous! Where did the chair come from the Tyrannous, and how did his body hold so well and where did the boiler come from? So every cave is complete with a Caultron Pot? Tyrannous has his armor, helmet and has a weapon or two. He does the stupidest thing a person can do; he puts on his helmet and is taken over by the spirit of tyrant! From there he walks around and kills all the campers near by bringing the real Tyrannous back. <br /> <br /> I said before that as a video game. It's hard to explain, but it just feels like it. The music even sounds like video games. The actor is really awful. The actors say things like why he does this, oh he was nuts already and fine since he is nuts i come home! Also, the movie also has some big mistakes as a guy runs and tries to find his girlfriend at night and still runs the day that is still searching for her without taking a break! <br /> <br /> This movie has some flaws, but it's not a classic werewolf, but it's entertaining if you like really low budget error exposed movies, so you better see Demonicus!
