Writer / director Henry Brommel has done a wonderful job with his film "Panic" from the year 2000 and includes his cast of choice: William H. Macy, Tracy Ullman, John Ritter, Neve Campbell, Donald Sutherland, Barbara Bain, David Dorfman Brommel has cast Ullman and Ritter into certain fun roles, and offbeat casting is a welcome change from what we normally see. "Panic" is the story of a hitman, Alex (Macy) who actually works for his father (Sutherland). He covers his true profession by doing mail order work; Of all events, he and his wife (Ullman) and their son Sammy (Dorfman) are a typical suburban family. Unhappy with his life, Alex seeks help from a psychiatrist (Ritter) and tells only his mother (Bain). In the waiting room, he meets a young woman (Campbell) whom he is immediately attracted to, which further complicates his situation. His mother breaks her promise and tells her father about the psychiatrist. When Alex receives his next assignment, he discovers that he must kill his psychiatrist. <br /> <br /> This is a thorough story of a gentle and good man made for a murderer of a father's monster, with his mother's knowledge killing to please her father, but also can't stand for him and stop. His anger is so profound that he has lost emotional attachment to just about everything and everyone except his son - and finally, his son wakes him out of almost lifelong repression. When it's time for "Panic" to move, do it - quickly. "Panic" doesn't seem to panic at all. In fact, it moves very slowly. But it moves slowly, not because it's badly made - slowness is conscious and reflects Alex's own psyche, which slowly comes out of the fog. By making a decision about Sara, the Campbell character, and by seeing his mark, his own psychiatrist, as a living and breathtaking person, Alex begins to make the connections between what he does and who he is - and how they don't jive . And the difference between the two can lead to the loss of another psyche, Sammy's. <br /> <br /> William Macy gives another glorious performance as a loving father, a distant man, and a cold killer, the child of two monsters who have never been horrified by his feelings or desires, a man who finally Recognizes that he must step up to the plate or have the bike repeated. <br /> <br /> This is not the kind of drama that plays well in a movie theater. It is too adult, too small, too subtle, too character driven and too good.
