The effects of job-related stress and the pressures born of a moral dilemma that gives conscience to a family business (though unique) are due to everyone - or perhaps the catalyst for - a midlife crisis, studied in the dark and absorbing drama , 'Panic', written and directed by Henry Bromell, and starring William H. Macy and Donald Sutherland. It is a narrative look at how indecision and denial can bring about the internal struggle and misery that ultimately leads to apathy and the moment of truth when the conflict is finally to be resolved. <br /> <br /> Alex (Macy) is tired; he has a loving wife, martha (tracey wool man), a president six-year-old son, sammy (david dorfman), a mail order company he runs out of the house, as well as his main source of income, the family business he shares with his father, Michael (Sutherland ), and his mother, Deidre (Barbara Bain). But he is empty; Years of having this special trade left him numb and detached and put him in a mental state that has driven him to see a psychologist, Dr. Josh Parks (John Ritter). And to make matters worse (or perhaps better depending on perspective) he meets in dr. Parks are waiting for a young woman, Sarah Cassidy (Neve Campbell), whose presence alone makes him feel alive the first time he can remember. She quickly becomes another brick in the wall of the moral conflict, which his job has visited him, as in the days after their meeting, he simply cannot stop thinking of her. His whole life seems to be a "situation" - from which he apparently is unable to fill himself without harming those he loves. He may refuse his age and the fact that he has actually embarked on a real midlife crisis, but he is discovering that the problems he is facing simply will not go away alone. He is at a crossroads and he has to decide which way to go. And he'll have to do it very soon. From a concept that is intrinsically interesting, Bromell has designed an intriguing character study that is insightful and obvious, and he presents it is a way of allowing reflection moments to enable the audience to understand and understand what Alex is doing. through. He makes it very clear that there are no simple answers that in reality are no easy way out. His characters are well-defined and very real people who represent the diversity that exists in life and otherwise within any family unit. The film carefully implies that the father's sins are irrevocably transferred to offspring with irreversible consequences and effects. As you grow up, you accept your personal environment as being for the whole world; and often it is the year of adulthood that one can begin to realize and understand that, in fact, moral parameters have been established by every person who goes on the planet and that those set by the father may not be conducive to son's principles. And it is at that time that Alex finds himself as the story unfolds; ergo, the midlife crisis, or more specifically the crisis of conscience that he cannot escape from. It is a strong message, concise and subtly conveyed by Bromell, using some excellent performances from his actors. William H. Macy has been one of the leading character players in the company for some time, creating such diverse characters as Quiz Kid Donnie Smith in `Magnolia, 'The Shoveler in' Mystery Men 'and Jerry Lundegaard in` Fargo. 'And it's just a slice of his many achievements. At one point in this film, Sara Alex mentions sad eyes, and it is a very narrative commentary as Macy's strength here is his ability to convey very true emotions in a discreet, credible manner expressing all the inner turmoil he experiences. Consider the scene in which he lies awake in bed and stares into the dark; At one restless moment, it is clear that he is struggling not only with his immediate situation but with everything in his life that has finally brought him to this point. In that scene you will find the sum of a life of guilt, confusion and insecurity, all of which have been successfully suppressed so far; All the things that have always been at the heart of Alex's life are now only gradually breaking through his defense mechanisms and finally surface, demanding confrontation and resolution. It's a complex character created and provided by Macy with an absolute precision that makes Alex truly memorable. It is a sign that anyone who has ever been exposed to a situation of seemingly insurmountable odds could relate. It's a fantastic job by one of the finest actors around. Sutherland is also extremely effective; his michael is despicably scary in such a way that it is chilling. It is frightening, in fact, to consider that there are such people who actually go to earth. This is not a pulp fiction or James Bond type villain, but a true personification of evil hides behind an outward appearance that is so normal that he could be the guy next door, which makes it more disturbing. And Sutherland brings it all to life with a fantastic performance. <br /> <br /> Neve Campbell sees Sarah out, but her performance (as with her) seems a little pretentious, even though her behavior is here just to fit the character and is actually a positive aspect of the movie. If she only had to turn her energies inward, it would make a huge difference in the way she presents her signs. "Panic", however, is one of her best efforts; a strong movie that is finally a journey worth taking. 10.9. <br /> <br />
