First of all, it was not a three hour movie - Two hours, ten minutes ... the last time I checked advertising is actually not part of a movie! Maybe it has been a two-party total of about 3 hours? Yes, would have gotten more in, been able to explore some more emotions. Overall, it was an interesting look into the lives of Lucy and Desi. I look I love Lucy from time to time and love it, but never have I read or seen a biography, never knew anything about their life on the screen. Because of this movie, I'm doing now, but I'm not so sure it's a good thing. Everything here didn't really need to know. This was essentially a movie that didn't have to be made. But it was made, and the reason is that Lucy & Desi are still such great stars, and some people in American society feel that the rest of society should know ALL about our TV and movie stars. It is certainly not true and very, very sad. <br /> <br /> Anyway what was shown here in Lucy was pretty good. Two complaints - the actress who played Viv Vance - not really good casting. And changing from Madeline Zima to Rachel York .... uhhh, just as Lucy had plastic surgery and suddenly she is a brand new person!? It wasn't too big. But the story continued and focused on the rocky relationship between Lucy & Desi. No, the kids weren't shown much at all, and that wasn't necessarily a drawback to this movie because, as I said, this focused mostly only on Lucy & Desi. Had there been more time, the story had been more about Lucy all his life, so maybe the kids would be more. But they were not so we got to see as Gable & Lombard, Red Skelton and Buster Keaton very short instead. Wow, that was one thing about this story that I thought was really cool: his presence and influence in Lucy's life. Really nice and it's too bad that it wasn't explored anymore. Oh good. What was explored was done well, mostly. Honestly, I don't think I'll ever see it again, and I don't think this movie will be so memorable. For anyone digging I love Lucy, but is not a huge Lucille Ball fan, this should be an interesting watch. My character for this: B
