Last Christmas, I was lucky enough to receive one of the 1200 Ultimate Bourne boxed sets from my Better Half, but turn off to see the last part of the trilogy until yesterday. Considering how many recent trilogies have stumbled across the finish line instead of striving triumphantly through it, I was a little wary of approaching "Bourne Ultimatum" but I really shouldn't have been worried. The electric action sequences and blowing battle scenes blend seamlessly with the intelligent stories to make this one of the very best action thrillers I remember watching and a sublime end to an outstanding series. <br /> <br /> Jason Bourne (Matt Damon) returns after an apparent leak on Operation Blackbriar - a new program based on the old Treadstone project - to Guardian journalist Simon Ross (Paddy Considine). Determined to uncover more about his half-housed past, Bourne picks up the track again, but others at the CIA, including Deputy Director-General Noah Vosen (David Strathairn) believe that Bourne himself is the leak and begins to pursue the scourge agent with renewed power. Can Bourne finally find the answers he has been looking for or will his old employers silence him for good? <br /> <br /> Personally, I felt a little disappointed with "The Bourne Supremacy" as it drops the brand realism of its action scenes and focused on being a real spy movie. Not to say it lost it altogether, but compared to the amazing "Bourne Identity" it seemed more like a slow burning spy novel rather than an action thriller. No such worries here - every car crash, blow, kick and gun shot is heard and felt with visceral joy, but fortunately it still retains a wonderfully intelligent and poignant spy story in its heart to base the action around. It also brilliantly binds the two previous films together and gives a suitable bookend to the trilogy, as things are explained and expanded until the whole picture is exposed. Performances throughout are almost flawless - even Julia Styles is starting to offer something more than the bookworm eye-candy. The only real downer is that this, like the other Bourne movies, has a bit to do with the original novel, but unless you are a stupid hard Ludlum fan, it's not really a real reason not to like a movie like this one. very high caliber. Nothing pleases me more than a movie that surprises me surprisingly, and in spite of my fears, "The Bourne Ultimtum" is a cracked film filled with enough bone-crushing actions to satisfy the flesh-heads as well as a plot that never threatens to let go. on your attention for a single minute. Even at the last wheel you are never quite sure if a happy ending is guaranteed, but whether you are a fan of the series or not (and if not, what more do you want?), This is a movie you really should track down as soon as possible. No wonder this series forced the producers of the Bond movies to throw forty-year film history to restart. Bourne is a modern spyhero and made the latest Bond movies look more like Austin Powers in comparison to "Casino Royale" gave the Bond series the resumption of desperate need. Missing out of Jason Bourne movies is a crime that deserves rendition - go take a copy of the DVD. Not the ultimate Bourne collection though - limited edition, I'm afraid!
