The Bourne Ultimatum is the third and final outing for super spy Jason Bourne, a man out to kill the people who made him a killer. The Bourne series is one of the highest-rated trilogues of critics (Ultimatum has an 85/100 at metacritic.com, which means the status is "universal recognition" and for good reason - the games are choreographed very well and the deep History can be very enchanting. First, I strongly recommend that you see Bourne Identity and Bourne Supremacy, the two fancy titled prequels for Ultimatum. There may be three different movies, but in reality they are all a continuation of one another: missing one leaves you stranded and confused just as I was, you will still be enjoying the action and huge scenes in the Ultimatum if you missed the first two, but then the story will surely lead to confusion. /> <br /> If you were lucky enough To see prequels for this movie, you probably had a pleasure watching Bourne take down his enemies and track down the man who screwed him from Supremacy. Jason Bourne is playing very well by Matt? Damon. Damon does nothing to deserve a Oscar key, bu t his work here is good enough to keep it own. Bourne's adventure takes place in many different cities; The cities are all varied enough to keep the movie from becoming gentle at times. Bourne uses any technology tool known to mankind to track him. <br /> <br /> I don't want to go into detail about the characters because they are continuations out of the first two movies. However, it would not hurt the movie to spell a few things to the audience. Not all viewers are a die-hard movie guards who can recall every little hint of history development. Ultimatum would not have been damaged if the story was a little more ahead. It seems that most people agree that Ultimatum was a success for a movie: The movie opened to $ 69 million and - Box Office Total is now up to $ 216 million. - is currently still very strong for a movie that has been in theaters since August 3. It's the best action movie I've seen since Live Free or Die Hard. <br /> <br /> Good) Damon is solid but not spectacular, very smart movie Bad) Story is like many others
