He now has a name, an identity, some memories and a lost girlfriend. All he wanted was to disappear, but still they tracked him and destroyed the world he had hardly built. Now he wants an explanation, and to get the people's turn, how did he do what he is. Yes, Jason Bourne is back and this time he's here with revenge. <br /> <br /> OK, this movie doesn't have the most elaborate script in the world, but its themes are very clever and ask some serious questions about our society. Of course, like any Hollywood movie since the late 90s, "The Bourne Suprematy" is a superhero story. Jason Bourne is a Captain-America project-like that has gone completely wrong. In the first film, the hero discovered his abilities and he accepted them in the other. He is now struggling against what he considers evil after a person close to him has been killed (his girlfriend in "Suprematy") by them. It is quite a part of the superhero's history, including a sign of (realistically but still impressive: he almost invincible) superpowers. And the interesting thing is that the evil he fights all over the world (there are no boundaries in Bourne's movie, characters go from one continent to another in one look), is like in the best seasons of "24" an American enemy, who believes that he is fighting for the good of his country blinds completely. Funny how "crazy patriots" are now the N.1 enemies in paranoia Hollywood stories. <br /> <br /> In addition to all the interesting themes, the movie is not flawless: Nickie Parson's feminine character is currently completely useless and the direction is quite unoriginal when it comes to dialogue scenes. But all that doesn't really matter for "The Bourne Ultimatum" is an action movie. And the action scenes are quite impressive. <br /> <br /> Everyone here talks about the "Waterloo scene" and "Tanger pursuit" and everyone's right. I especially enjoyed the fight in Tangier, reminding me of its exaggeration and the craziness of the works of Tsui Hark. Visually inventive scenes, lots of intelligent actions and a good reflection on American modern themes: "The Bourne Ultimatum" is definitely the best movie in the series and a very interesting and original action flick.
