First of all, the Bourne Ultimatum, as a fan of the genre, is a fantastic, virtuoso, great action movie. Second, it is a silly malaria of cartoon-like superhero questions. <br /> Third, the film carries a complex, important point whether criminal warriors themselves become criminals. There is no reference to Abu Ghraib or Executive Branch's outrageous domestic abuses of constitutional rights. No one is needed. <br /> <br /> So the latest in the Bourne series, in the hands of Paul Greengrass (of 2004 "Bourne Supremacy" and last year's "United 93") is a significant achievement, perhaps detained but not actually diminished by the inevitable surplus of the genre. "Breathtaking" above is meant both as a free adjective and a description of the physical sensation: for more than an hour from the first frame, the viewer apparently sees his breath, pushed back toward the chair by the power of relentless, globe-trotting, totally exciting action. There is no charge, no variation in the rhythm and features of the movie, and yet it never becomes monotonous and tedious how some kind of music videos do after just a few minutes. <br /> <br /> Oliver Woods in your face film makes the best of Tony Gilroy's play from Robert Ludlum's 1990 novel (which does not stack well with "Bourne Identity", written a decade earlier). Matt Damon is once again the inevitable, irreplaceable Bourne, the lethal of fantasy CIA agents, this time, the entire agency is starting to hunt for his identity, his past and the mysterious agency program that has made him a killer. Nothing like his funny heroic Edward R. Murrow, the ever-wonderful David Strathairn is the eerie top official official, fought against Bourne in trying to hide some illegal policies for "non-prisoners" and brutal procedures. <br /> <br /> Joan Allen plays what seems to be Good Cop against Strathairn's Bad One. And there is Julia Stiles as agent again to come to Bourne's help; a combination of Greengrass's direction and Stiles, which works, results in a surprising impact of a predominantly silent character, her lack of communication and shiny expressions more exciting than miles of dialogue. So well is the "Bourne Ultimatum" that it comes away with the old one-man-to-world bit, stretching this to ridiculous profits, as Bourne tolerates limitations of geography, time, gravity ... and physics in general. (Can you fly backwards with a car from the top of a building? Why not - it looks good.) <br /> <br /> All this "real" magic from country to country in seconds, for to arrive at any unknown place exactly as, when and where necessary - eliminates special effects and superhero cartoon errors. And yet, only a clueless pedant will allow "facts" to disturb the entertainment-based ecstasy of Bourne's fantasy.
