I thought Rachel York was great as "Lucy." I have also seen her in "Kiss Me, Kate" and "Victor / Victoria", and in each of these performances she has developed very different and very real characteristics. She is a chameleon who can play (and sing) anything! <br /> <br /> I am very surprised at how many negative reviews are shown here about Rachel's performance in "Lucy." Even some bona fide TV and entertainment critics seem to have missed the point with her portrayal. So many people have focused on Rachel not really like Lucy. My answer to that is "So what?" I was not looking for a superficial imitation of Lucy. I wanted to know more about the real woman behind the clown. And Rachel gave it to us in depth. I also didn't want to see anyone simply "doing" classic Lucy routines. Therefore, I was very pleased with the manufacturers' and director's decision to get Rachel to pronounce Lucy in rehearsal for the most memorable of these sketches - Vitameavegamin and The Candy Factory. (It seems that some of the reviewers were not aware that these two scenes were meant to be repetition sequences and not the actual sketches). This approach, I thought, gave an innovative twist to sketches that many of us know of the heart. I also thought that Rachel was wonderfully fresh and fun in these scenes. And she absolutely nailed the routines that were recreated - especially Professor and Grape Stomping. There was a moment in the Grape scene, where the corner of Rachel's mouth had the exact little recovery I remember Lucy had. I couldn't believe she could catch it - and then naturally. I wonder if many of the people who criticized the performance expected to see Lucille Ball of "I Love Lucy" throughout the movie. After all, those of us who came to know her only by TV would not have any idea what Lucy really was in her early years. I think Rachel showed a natural advance in the character, which was brilliant. She planted all the right seeds for us to see that the clown is just waiting to show up, given the right set of conditions. Lucy did not fit the shape of the old studio system. In her frustrated attempts to become the stereotypical movie star of that era, she continued to suppress what would prove to be her ultimate gifts. I think Rachel captured the comedy, drama, game, sadness, anger, passion, love, ambition, loyalty, sexiness, self-absorption, childhood and stoicism all rolled into a complex American icon. And she did it with a authenticity and freshness that was completely endearing. "Lucy" was a star trip to Rachel York. I hope it brings a flood of great roles in the way ahead. I also hope it brings her an Emmy.
