When Bourne Identity arrived five years ago, I must admit that I didn't think much of it. At that time, I was eleven years old, so maybe I was too young to really get into the story and understand the whole scenario. Two years ago when Bourne Supremacy arrived, I thought it was a better movie than Identity, but still didn't think it was as good as I expected to judge by trailers. Over the past two years I have been told many times that the Bourne movies were amazing, many times I had to bite my tongue and not say what I was really thinking about the movies. Until two months ago, I couldn't have confused Bourne's Ultimatum, I really wanted to see it. But then I decided to go back and see the first two again before making any sudden decisions. So I went out and bought both the original movies. And what a surprise to me when I was caught by them. Identity I found the top two, but supremacy is not far behind. They are both slender, action-packed and exciting cinema pieces that I've seen many times since I bought them. Because of this, I was the first to see the Bourne Ultimatum today. And boy did the Bourne Ultimatum not disappoint! <br /> <br /> Matt Damon was never one of my favorite actors until he appeared in the Bourne movies I had seen him in the talented Mr. Ripley, but I never thought much about him in general. However, it seems he was born to play Bourne (excuse the pun). Throughout this series we have seen the sign shift before our eyes. In this movie, we see Matt Damon at his best, even better than he was in The Departed, and I thought he was one of the best things in The Departed. You really find yourself caring for the character and hope he finds out everything. Matt Damon plays the role of a silent intensity and you always find his character extremely credible. The supporting film of the film was also excellent. Joan Allen was one of my favorite things in Bourne Supremacy, here she excels herself. Her character is also very credible, and she has some excellent acting moments towards the end of the movie. Julia Stiles turns again as Nicky and finally we learn a little about her character. Julia Stiles is a very underrated actress, and I think she deserves many more roles, well decent roles than she gets. David Strathairn is a newcomer to this series like Noah Vosen, he is definitely the bad guy in the movie and he really excels. He's definitely the nastiest character we've met, and some of the decisions he's making are really ugly. Strathairn enjoys the role and he also gets some amazing scenes in the movie. Special mention should also go to Albert Finney, who gets the most out of his too-short screen time, I don't want to say anything about the character, it's best abandoned as a surprise, but trust his scenes are some of the highlights of the movie . <br /> <br /> The Bourne movies have always had a tight focus on history more than action sequences, not to say that the trilogy lacks action sequences, good god no, there are plenty of them all dotted through the movies. But running throughout the film is a very well-written and well-traded story. This story ends in the best way imaginable in this movie. When I saw Supremacy the night before I saw Ultimatum, it was good because I could feel some small parts. The very final scene in Supremacy, in New York, much more important than I had ever imagined at that time. Will not ruin it for people, but I recommend checking on Supremacy before you see Ultimatum. Unfortunately, there are many people they will go to see Ultimatum solely because of the action sequences. This is the part where I should condemn such people and say they should see it for the story, but I would lie if I did not say that my favorite parts of the Bourne series as a whole are car chases. The identity van in Identity is one of my favorite car brands all the time. Now the Ultimatum action must be the best of the Bourne series. In fact, the movie starts with an action sequence in Moscow. So during the film we get several punch ups, all very violent and shockingly brutal. A bike hunt that is amazing, many foot hunting, which is even more amazing, an exciting car hunt that is unforgettable and oh so much more! But the highlight for me must be the scene in Waterloo Station, will not ruin it, but for some reason I had grabbed. <br /> <br /> So any mistake for the movie? In my eyes no, but if you're not a fan of the Bourne series or haven't seen the two before, then I wouldn't recommend Ultimatum to you. The movie doesn't try to win over any new fans as it sticks to what the franchise does best and just adds a bit more history and action sequences to the top. The Bourne Ultimatum is undoubtedly the best of the series and the best blockbuster of 2007. As a James Bond fanatic, it is a great honor for me to say that Ultimatum is much better than a majority of the Bond movies and trusts it requires a lot for me to say so. While Bourne as a whole may not be a better franchise than the Bond series, it is almost the same.
