I have never been one to shy away from saying that most action movies just do nothing for me. Most times they are blatant vehicles to blow up things, display sexy models and throw out any kind of reality or intelligence out of the window. Having said that, the Bourne series has been amazing. Doug Liman ushered in a new action using a more cinema verite style that shows the struggles in full force and makes our super spy someone we can relate to emotionally as well as humanly. This is not the sci-fi absurdity that was Bond (before they made a review like this series no less). There was a lot to worry about when Bourne Supremacy came out. With director Paul Greengrass taking over what could have been a used copy of the original ended up being an improvement in style and flair. Stakes were raised and the story improved because of it. Grønræs has to get a lot of credit to keep an eye on the appearance with the latest installment, The Bourne Ultimatum. In what is a great conclusion to a top-notch trilogy, the action is brought to a new level and history and performance have never been compromised. <br /> <br /> Once again, Bourne is brought into the CIA's mind by false offenses. Someone has leaked information about the Treadstone upgrade called Blackbriar, and when Bourne is trying to talk to the news industry that broke the story, he is supposed to be the pier. Only Pamela Landy, she who was on the case to find him in Supremacy, knows he can't be the one. Bourne's motive has always been to stay clear of the government and live his life in peace. It has been the CIA who keeps bringing him back into the open to destroy them. What ends up sweating is that Bourne also wants to know the source of finally finding out the truth about who he is and what made him a killer. The movie then becomes a chase over time and each other to find the source and see if the government can close the break and tie all loose ends, or if Bourne can avenge those who have taken his life from him. <br /> <br /> In what is probably the simplest story in the series, with only one hunt that lasts throughout history, it may have the greatest casting of characters and turn loyalty to reveal the corruption that has existed on it full history of progression. However, this is no harm, as it allows for multiple battles and car chases that work in full context with the plot. Admission to this movie is worth the occasion of the battle between Bourne and CIA's second asset alone. Chase jumps through windows in Madrid are cool alone, but when they finally meet, we get a ten minute battle that is so refreshing to see as any scene you want to see. Instead of using a massive car chase as a climatic set as in the first two movies, we instead go around three small-scale road races, just as intense but staggered enough to never raise the action into monotony. <Br /> <br /> After five years of waiting, we also find the origin of our favorite operation with heart and emotion. At the end of the film, we find out what has been the cause of all the espionage and destruction that has taken place around him. No one could have done better than Matt Damon. He has the physics and attitude to be credible in the action sequences, but also the scope to draw the moments of intelligence and cat and mouse correspondence with them against him. Joan Allen represents her role with the same commitment to her job, but also a little more dissatisfaction with what is going on around her, according to how Brian Cox's character from the first two films took matters into his own hands. Need a role in the form we get a good trip from David Strathairn. As Cox, he works at the top of the food chain and answers no one when making a decision. With as much effort to cover any relations with his bosses in the Blackbriar program as he tries to make his duty to his country, one can never fully measure what he will be able to do. Even the little guys do a wonderful job as Paddy Considine as the reporter who starts the leak in the center of everything, Albert Finney as a man from Bourne's past and possibly the key to his origins, and Edgar Ramirez as one of the CIA's operations sent to take Bourne out. Ramirez is a great addition to the role played by Clive Owen (Identity), Karl Urban and Martin Csokas (Supremacy). He doesn't talk much about it, but he has the look and robot efficiency down pat and hopefully will get more roles to show what he can do after a good trip in Domino. <br /> <br /> In the end, one must applaud Paul Greengrass for continuing to exceed expectations and bringing this series to a conclusion based on the success of his predecessors instead of destroying them. His skill in the nearby hand-held look is astonishing and has the same kinetic energy as Tony Scott, but without quite a demanding cut. Instead of feeling overproduction, the use of the handheld environment increases and puts you directly into the action. Let's also credit film photographer Oliver Wood, who shot all three Bourne movies. He was able to work with both directors and work his style into a good harmony with them.
