This was basically an attempt to do the same with "Batman" made with "Gilligan's Island" in "Surviving Gilligan's Island". For those of you who missed it (and shame!) "Survivor Gilligan's Island" (full title: "Survivor Gilligan's Island: The Really Right Story of the Longest Three Hour Tour of History") was a special one from a few years back where Bob Denver ("Gilligan"), Dawn Wells ("Mary Ann") and Russell Johnson ("The Professor") related the story of the show's creation, cancellation, rediscovery and rebirth. Along the way, stories were dramatized with actors depicting the original cast and crew. It was very well done. It was fun, well thrown and came across as a true document of the show. <br /> <br /> "Back to Batcave: The Adventures and Burt's Misadventures" are in a similar style. The repetition of the show's history, re-enactments, the general feeling is all the same. What is missing is the straightforward process that "Surviving" took. <br /> <br /> In "Return", Adam West and Burt Ward receive both car show invitations they were not supposed to be invited to. After being allowed to witness, Adam and Burt witness the theft of the show's centerpiece: the legendary Batmobile! Adam and Burt decide to hunt for themselves and lead them through tracks that make them think about the history of the show. This ultimately leads to the revelation of who stole Batmobile and why. <br /> <br /> Choosing to use this endowment (actually having a plot) is the biggest letdown of this show. Unlike "Surviving", the "Return" forces the viewer to follow a less interesting story (theft of Batmobile) instead of focusing his entire attention on what the audience would be most interested in (the history of the show). that works best. The casting (as in "Survivor") is excellent. Jack Brewer ("Adam West") and Jason Marsden ("Burt Ward") capture the players' feelings without seeing * also * like them. Brett Rickaby ("Frank Gorshin") has a stronger resemblance to his subject, but catches none of the late Gorshin's charm, only his characterizations. The depictions of other actors are short and functional, where no one stands out as particularly good or bad. Many of the stories have been told before, but they mostly play fun, only with occasional lumpy presentation. Another wonderful bit from the historic sections was the use of audition footage by Lyle Wagoner's tryout for that part of Batman. The only place where flashbacks fail is, of course, they make plot points to promote the main story. This downgrades the accuracy of flashbacks unnecessarily. Of course, the "main plot" (if that is what we should call it) is ridiculous. This is not a mistake in itself, but it just isn't carried well enough to cover the deficit. Strong performance and good writing can compensate for a stupid plot (especially in these kinds of things), but we do not get here. The West and Ward performances seem somewhat flat (even for them); The dialog box has been carefully written to make it feel natural. Again, I think the comparison with "Surviving Gilligan's Island" can be seen in that the dialogue is mostly just there to create a flashback. In "Survivors" it is all it is supposed to be. In "Return", it tries to make double customs and unfortunately often fail. Gorshin and Newmar are doing well (although I agree with others that Gorshin had not grown well and Newmar had - and what takes Wagoner to look so good), but does not get enough to do. Again, I think they would all have been better served by a more straightforward presentation than the one chosen here. <br /> <br /> Another weird point about "Return". This particular is about the "Batman" TV series and its history, but all the clips shown are from that theater movie. Even the Wagoner recordings are technical film recordings. If you know you're "Bat story", then you know the movie was originally scheduled to be made first, only to be delayed in favor of the TV show, as CBS had to fill in time quickly. So when Wagoner and West tested for the role, it was for the movie, not the TV show. Why "Return" only uses movie recordings is unclear. It probably has to do with rights, but it is a clear distraction for those in the knowledge: to see Julie Newmar in the present, but only recordings by Lee Meriwether as Catwoman earlier. <br /> <br /> Overall I liked the show, mostly for flashbacks. I would have preferred the style used in "Surviving Gilligan's Island", but I can understand why they want a more history-oriented piece given the subject. Moreover, I like these people. It's nice to see them out and about, and have fun with one of the great pieces of entertainment history. I just wished they had done a little better and since several of the original cast still lived to be there.
