There are many kinds of reunion shows. One is where old actors are taken out of mothballs and recapture characters they haven't played for twenty or thirty years. These have mixed results. `Return to Mayberry ', despite some sadness, was okay; `Return to Green Acres' as execrable (Eddie Albert used a word for the script, I will not repeat here, but both that and the movie stinks); "Rescue from Gilligan's Island" filled a necessary hole in the history of the castaways, although the show itself was stupid, even from a 'Gilligan's Island' point of view. In most cases, the scripts are weak; Sometimes there is a shame in the scripts that are to be known? And in comedy it is almost always fatal for the characters to know that they are funny. New characters are introduced that do not fit the mix. In the main, these reunion stories are rather weak. Another form of `reunion 'show is the kind of throw away its past, but sits telling stories, reminiscing, interspersed with flashbacks from the shows. Then there are movies based on shows that are rarely good; and movies based on the show's history (`The Brady Bunch 'has had both of these cases with different results).' Return to the Batcave 'uses almost all of the above, with a wonderfully twisted view that makes it the best of the reunion exhibits and has raised the bar to the others. Adam West and Burt Ward and convened a display of the original Batmobile. While they are there, the car is stolen. <br /> <br /> Adam West of the movie is a man denied. He called Jerry, his butler, 'Alfred'. He opens a bust of Shakespeare in his apartment and reveals a hidden rod to slide down to the parking garage. He is obsessed with being a crime fighter, as he is actually a flushed actor. When the Batmobile is stolen, he not only believes that it is his duty as a crime fighter to recover what he draws and unwilling Burt Ward as his assistant. The persecution is largely loquacious, with West and Ward reminiscing about the old days. It's broken by `flashbacks' by actors playing in West and Ward in the old days. The modern scenes and the "flashbacks" both have the skewed lack of reality the show is maintained. There are also gags running that show that West is able to make fun of himself: in Ward's book about his time on the show he spoke honestly about the West's libido and also that he was a skin patch (West makes Ward pay for all in their pursuit, down to tip and bus fare). The traces they follow, the characters they encounter (even in flashback) all fit the old series mentality, and there are more tribute, including a fist fight with written sound effects. The whole thing is extremely fun and done with great panache. There are also cameos by Julie Newmar (looks like she has a facelift for many) and Frank Gorshin who reminds us why he has such a cult following. Gorshin will be Riddler when Jim Carey, his obvious successor, has long been forgotten. The film is based on a rather obvious but fun climax. <br /> <br /> This show is a model of reunion showing ?? Unfortunately, there are few that can fit the pattern. This show had actors playing their old characters; young actors play a film about the exhibition of the show; The actors West and Ward reminisce; and a modern movie with the real Adam West playing the denied Adam West. It has everything. If you loved the old show, this is stopped on the bottle.
