I haven't wanted many TV shows since 1990, but the 70S SHOW is great. Never see it during its first race, think of a gimmicky period, I was wrong! I started looking in reruns and the more I saw, the more I liked! Now it's the only show premiere after 1990 that I regularly watch. <br /> <br /> Although the 70S SHOW mimics some of the styles, attitudes, music and tastes of the 70s, it doesn't murder in the decade by overboarding with references and appearance of the 70s. It contains so much fun, witty, biting dialogue that comes with confidence and security by its leading role that it overcomes the clichés of 70's by just being humorous. The mood is what keeps the show forever visible. Although a hilarious sitcom, whatever the time period, makes it unique to mock the 70s in its favor, as it gives the show a signature identity. But there is a focus on universal issues (family problems, teenage fear, marriage issues, peer pressure) that deal with them all with comic aplomb that gives the show a lot of appeal. <br /> <br /> The show center is an Eric Forman (the game for absolute comic perfection of the future superstar Topher Grace). Eric is a super-skinned, geeky-looking, non-athletic teen and still comes out as super-cool because of Grace's brilliant self-defeat of character. Eric has 5 friends Donna, Hyde, Kelso, Jackie and Fez (the game in hilarious fashion by Laura Prepon, Danny Masterson, Ashton Kutcher, Mila Kunis and Wilmer Valderama). We'll see life in Point Place, Wisconsin through the eyes of these 6 teenagers and boy we get a lot to see! Donna, a thinking feminist, is the subject of Eric's love and these 2 have the core relationship between the show. They'll be a few pretty soon after the show starts and they are NEVER a boring couple. Most of them show that eps ends with them having a meaningful conversation about them and their future, and it acts as a great insightful bookend, which acts as a perfect contrast to the former hilarity. Hyde is Eric's best friend and soon joins the exiles when his mother surrenders him; Hyde is the mellow, zen, cool one of the group and just sitting back, observing and making fun with his fellow comrades with capricious aplomb. Kelso is the stupid of the group, and Kutcher plays the absolute hilt and shows great physical comedy as well as tells some of the most absurd hilarious ideas and stories ever! Jackie, who starts out as Kelso's boyfriend, is a verbose, self-absorbed debutant cheerleader and first accepted as part of Kelso's group b / c, but she manages to intervene to the point where they all have to accept her! And finally, Fez! Fez is a foreign student from some unknown country (we never know exactly where) and he is a stage steal! "I said good day!" "You son of a b * tch!" Valderama has only one foreign accent here, as he does not have one in reality and he is always in character and creates one of the most unique characters I have ever seen. His scene-stealing moments often help to make the show for me. <br /> <br /> The view constantly takes us into the thoughts and thoughts of these guys by engaging fantasy scenes of how they want or imagine things to be. The tapes come repeatedly into trouble (mostly for that purpose). They constantly play gags at Point Place residents as well as each other. They hang out most of the time in Eric's basement, which is plotting, pacing or just playing around. <br /> <br /> Also in prominent figures are Eric's parents, threatening, commating-Red and the lovable, happy -go-lucky Kitty (played memorably by Kurtwood Smith and Debra Jo Rupp). These 2 adults give the show a much-needed mature point of view and are constantly telling and advising the 6 ne's wells. Red and Kitty are very much supported by Dona's parents, the buffoonish Bob (played wonderfully for Don Stark's full round) and blonde bimbo daft Midge (the super-sexy Tanya Roberts who was on the show for about half the race). In addition, Eric's sister from hell was Laurie (played brilliantly by the viciously sexy Farrah-Fawcett lookalike Lisa Robin Kelly) for 3 full seasons a great refreshing relief to counter the main 6 and to be the tower of Eric and her parents' sides! Kelly came back as a guest character for a couple of season 5 eps. But sadly, Kelly's personal problems suffered from being replaced by a horrible new actress in season 6. The beginner did not happily last and was away after a few seasons 6 eps! Unfortunately, at the end of season 7, Topher Grace (Eric) and early season 8, Ashton Kutcher (Kelso) left the show and it was never restored as season 8 proved to be the last. Grace and Kutcher returned to the series final, however, the show gave a satisfactory end. <br /> <br /> Many good support and cameo characters would help keep the show fresh through added nostalgia and humor. Top chopping players were forever tall Leo (played to the hilt of Tommy Chong), Pastor Dave, Roy (the amazing comic Jim Gaffigan), Big Rhonda, Mitch, Earl, etc. They also got legends Marion Ross (HAPPY DAYS) and Betty White ( THE MARY TYLER MOORE SHOW) to play Red and Kitty Mothers respectively. Many celebrities from the 70's also made appearances from Shirley Jones (PARTRIDGE FAMILY) to Pamela Sue Martin (NANCY DREW) to Charo to Ted Nugent to K.I.S.S! It continues! <br /> <br /> With 70-year-old greetings and references, hilarious dialogue and delivery and an invisible, non-capturing-style comedic storytelling, the 70S SHOW is a TV classic!
