Over the years, we have seen many treacherous things done by writers, as the show just had to continue, no matter what kept "8 simple rules" after John Ritter's death came to mind, but that's probably the first time I cared. The idea of ​​having "That 70's Show" without Eric or to a lesser degree Kelso is ridiculous. They tried to cover it with a comeback of Leo and increasingly monstrous stories, but it always felt as if why bother when you don't have the main character anymore. It just wasn't right to connect, it was a bunch of unrelated things that happened that most of the time wasn't even fun. Last season felt too much for the season for each character, simply because Eric used to take a lot of screen time, and now we were smashed in the face of how obsolete and repeated the other characters were. Focusing on the gimmick that is Fez was thoroughly uninteresting and the character would simply stop working because the whole deal was that he would say something strange from nowhere and you can't say things out of nowhere when everybody else line is yours. They also brought in standard cousin Oliver, only this time it was just not a child. When you heard someone knocking on the door, you started asking it wasn't Randy, don't let it be Randy. The deal with Randy was that he would make really horrible jokes, usually as Red would say, smiled like an ass and completely screwed up on delivery and Donna would be in stitch. I think more than half of last season was Donna pretending to be entertained. The problems had begun earlier, but it was once a really good show with an equally large concept, which once did not concern a dysfunctional family, slowly entered the soap opera area. Everyone began to fall in love with all, emotional scenes were pulled out of nausea, with only a regular lama joke placed somewhere to divert attention to the fact that we saw "Like The World Turns". I guess this was character development, but now come that was written almost as clumsy as the moral lessons from "Family Matters". To be fair, the last episode was also because it had a cameo by Topher Grace (a como in his own show), even though it wasn't fun. <br /> <br /> Even more criticism on season 8: what the hell was the opening theme? Not only did they use the same joke twice (a sign not singing), Fez scared hell out of me. Dude, don't open your eyes so far. But the first five seasons or so among the best comedies ever broadcast.
