How to Start a Usual Day in Point Place, Wisconsin ... First of all, Red, the tyrannical father of the Forman family and another World War veteran, sit at the kitchen table and read his newspaper while he is his supernatural wife Kitty serves breakfast. Then come their skinny son, Eric, he also sits at the table, and his father starts his daily shout, which usually involves placing his foot in the Erics rear if (insert reason here). If his promiscuous English sister Laurie is at home, she comes together, so Red stops shouting and kindly speaking to her, so Eric feels free from the family. <br /> <br /> When this daily (painful) ritual is over, Eric rushes down to his basement where all his friends are already hanging out. And when we come to see them, Eric and his red-haired tomboy girlfriend, neighbor's neighbor and childhood friend Donna Pinciotti are obviously the cleanest people around. Meet Steven Hyde, the conspiracy theorist who hates disco and doesn't really care about what's around as long as it's not fun to watch; Michael Kelso, the kind of guy who thinks he will only come through his life by his appearance and that carrots grow in trees; Jackie Burkhardt, the one who thinks of himself as the most beautiful girl around, spoiled the child of a rich father, and of course the cheerleader; and Fez, a naive but oversized alien who loves sweets and cannot keep a secret. Initially, they simply hang out, gossip and make fun of Kelso, but then they all sit in a circle and let the right fun begin ... before they start doing something they will regret later. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, Red goes out and meets Dona's innocent parents, Bob and Midge. He's rude, but they don't mind as they think he's funny. Somewhere, Leo, an aging hippie, is constantly confused and makes word games without even noticing. <br /> <br /> Did you suggest the seemingly peaceful neighborhood with all those amazing characters? Of course, most "klichéd" seem, but the show takes the cliché to a new level. Now put some of the most vicious stories a sitcom can offer, sit down and enjoy one of the best TV shows ever. The one who never does twice the same and who is compared to most sitcoms who are "cute fun", is purely hysterical. If you get hooked, don't let this show let you go. Bite the hook again and again and, man, you will see the sitcom genre from a whole new potential.
