Before I saw this, I was just expecting another mediocre soft core copy of the highly imitated "Emmanuelle" series by Sylvia Kristel. It was really surprising how good this turned out. It actually has a story and it is actually very romantic. What makes 'Yellow Emanuelle' so good is the leading heroine, the beautiful and exotic Chai Lee. She plays her character, Emy Wong so sweet that the viewer just has to feel something for her when her dreams crash around her. Emy Wong is a highly respected doctor, statuesque, with a royal quality. She comes from an important old family where old customs are still practiced. Emy will remain a virgin until she is married to a man she has never met. The beautiful doctor seems ok with this arranged marriage. It is simply how it is done in its world. But she does not plan to meet and fall in love with the British pilot who ends up in her hospital care where she works. Emy decides to abolish custom and she goes to her western man. But only after a very long marriage proposal, which Doctor Wong is anything but an easy woman. Her pilot, George, is a good guy and promises to marry Emy so she doesn't lose her respectability and places herself in her stiff society. No one counts on a third party, an Ilona Staller, who destroys their relationship through a series of evil games. Emy has come to believe that she has been abandoned by her husband that he only played a game with her to sleep with her. Her place in society is gone, she has been cut off. The film takes a surprisingly dramatic and depressing trip as this proud, elegant woman gives up her career as well as a sweet relationship with her caring father and gives a life of drink and prostitution. I was surprised to find myself so enchanted in this operative tragic tale. I was on the edge of my seat when George blows back to the city and undoubtedly goes into a hotel where his beautiful Emy works as a prostitute! Classic drama. I imagine many viewers were a little frustrated by all this drama. You would expect lots of sex and nudity here, but there is not much. And when it is, it is completely non-utilizing and very artistic and soft-core. If you are a fan of the first Emmanuelle, with Sylvia Kristel than you will probably appreciate this lesser-known classic. I was especially impressed with the extra attention to detail. The whole segment, where Emy takes George to her father's house on the island, is really nice. Her father shows George and the viewer his impressive collection of Bonzai trees. He has a whole miniature forest built out of these amazing trees. Totally unexpected. After catching it on even cable TV years ago, I spent a lot of time searching the internet for a copy of the movie. When I finally got it, I found out that the video version was longer. More sex? No, more melodrama. For the DVD release there is a subplot about George, who suddenly throws over with an unknown fatal disease! I better preferred the cable version better. I am glad this rare gem has been released finally on DVD. I must also mention the beautiful film and the bizarre and captivating 70s soundtrack. While you see this, you just get the feeling that you see something very rare and very special. I recommend it to thoughtful viewers who don't need sex and violence to maintain their interest.
