I am curious (yellow) (a movie, near seus rhyme, said from the beginning to be available in two versions, yellow and blue) was one of the great art house hits that was first a great sensation in Sweden, then a big scandal / cause-celebration in the US, when one print was held by the customs, and it went all the way to the Supreme Court. What is strong in the picture today is not so much what can offend at what is revealed in sex or nudity. The conductor / actor Vilgot Sjoman films the various scenes in such a way that there is an abundance of flesh and genitals and the occasional graphic bit, but it is always more - then an intellectual expression than very pleasing - but the bold of the attempt at one pure 'metafilm', while making a true statement about the matter in sweden. Who knew such things in a generally peaceful country (ie, normally neutral in foreign affairs and wars) could become so politically heated? At least that's part of Sjom's goal here. <br /> <br /> As a filmmaker like Dusan Makavajev with some of his works as WR (if not so surreal and wild) or in a slightly lesser degree Bertolucci, Sjoman is out of mixing politics and sex (mostly politics and social teams around the middle and also make it a comment about embodying a character in a movie. The two characters, Lena and Borje, have a cold relationship in the film's history, where Lena is a "curious" socialist-wannabe demonstrating on the streets of non-violence and "trains" kind in a cabin in the woods to become a fully functioning One, while perhaps being too curious about her car dealer boyfriend. And as this happens, which in itself is enough for a movie, Sjoman inserts himself and his crew from time to time, as they make this story on film (there is even a good bit midway through where as by a rock concert, title card completed during a break in shooting, who the crew is, avoiding using end credits!) So with this there is a completely different dynamics, since Sjoman gives an actual performance, not just a "hi, I'm the director's playing director" bit " First you can't get this structure, and I'm curious (yellow) is just a movie where Lena is a documentary interviewer asking about their thoughts about the class, socialism, Spain and Franco, and sometimes we see Lena's father or Bjore But Sjoman does something interesting: the structure is as smooth as the viewer, you have to be on your toes; It is impressive that so many years on a picture can surprise you not to be afraid to mix dramatic narrative, documentary, film-in -a movie and even e t serious interview with Martin Luther King, who also acts as a quasi-guru for Lena. It may not always be completely coherent analysis politically, but it does not feel to deceive or even with much of a satirical agenda as in a Godard image; The satire chant is after is akin to a godard but on a whole different wavelength. His anarchy is playful, but not entirely filled with semantics or tricks that could stave off the smaller initiator. <br /> <br /> If I'm curious (yellow) stands up as an intellectual business and a thoroughbred tour to explore sex in a way that is and is captivating for how much is shown and how comfortable it all seems to be for the actors, it is not entirely successful, I think, as an emotional experience. While Bergman was down to a T with a pure emotional movie with deconstruction tendencies, Sjoman is more inclined to connect with certain ideas, while not really always doing really well when it comes time to make big or subtle scenes with the actors. Occasionally, it only works for actors Lena Nyman (mostly spectacular here in a performance asking her to make an ambitious but confused child of any sympathetic and vulnerable self) and Borje Ahlstedt (a realistic counterpart to the fleeting Lena) but About 40 years later it is difficult to completely connect with everything that happens in Lena and Borje's inner film page (perhaps on purpose). Sjoman fills it with clichés (Borje has a girlfriend and a child, he will leave her, how will Lena unite her father) and a heavy-handed tale from his starlet kind. <br /> <br /> And yet, for what mistakes Sjoman may have, ironically, he is considering saying it to be a comment to himself, I am curiously Gul) staying beautiful as an artistic experiment in testing the waters of what could be done at Swedish cinema or test what could not be and bend it to provocative and comical use. I would even go as far as say it is influential and has probably been copied or imitated in more ways than one because it was such a cult phenomenon at the time (a particular technique used, with the film flushing towards the end , is echoing in poorer use in Funny Games), and should be seen by anyone looking to enter the avant-garde or meta-film production. If it is not as outstanding an artistic leap as W.R. or Last Tango, it's close behind.
