In a future society, the military component need not recruit; Instead, their candidates are chosen at birth, dismissed from nurseries and appointed to spend their entire lives in government service. They are given over to the war machine, body and soul, for no other reason than to protect and serve; they have no personal identity other than name and rank and no autonomy at all. This is the fate of those whose destiny is destined for them in "Soldier" directed by Paul Anderson and starring Kurt Russell. The scenario is hard and gloomy as the film begins by portraying the soldiers' training during advanced periods, from pre-adolescence to adulthood. Russell is Sergeant Todd, the best of the best, and we look at his career as he performs his duties in an exemplary manner in the campaign after the campaign; He is what he was born to be a soldier. But even the best cannot continue forever, and the day comes when Todd and his peers are no longer the elite. A new generation of soldiers has been created, products of advanced genetics and technology, and Todd's generation is suddenly outdated. What follows is the story of a man who has to fight for his life as he struggles to discover his own sense of humanity and individuality which is new to a soldier who has known only two things throughout his life: Fear and discipline. Russell gives a forthcoming performance like Todd, the soldier who, above all, must obey orders without question while suppressing all emotions and individual thoughts. He has few lines in this movie, but Russell speaks volumes with his eyes. This role shows that he is actually one of our undervalued actors; That he can disappear so completely in Todd's character is a credit for his ability, and with this part he has created someone completely different than anyone he has done before. And he gave Todd a depth and credibility that a person of lesser talent could easily have done as nothing more than a pretentious and superficial stereotype. Notable notions are also here by Connie Nielsen (Sandra) and Jason Isaacs (Colonel Mekum). Rounding off the support cast is Jason Scott Lee, memorable as Caine 607, one of the new generation of soldiers; Sean Pertwee (Mace); Gary Busey (Captain's Church); Michael Chiklis (Jimmy Pig); and Mark Bringleson (Rubrick). Anderson has delivered an action movie with a message, a warning that transcends the genre of science fiction. `Soldier 'reminds us of the importance of keeping humanity in our lives intact. It's an entertaining way to make us consider the alternatives as a gloomy future and a world where good movies just wouldn't make a big difference. Like '1984' and 'Mad Max', this film, which ultimately raises, will enable you to take a break and think of the kind of universe where we should all live together and share. I rate this 7/10.
