Why do I like DISORGANIZED CRIME so much? Why do I chuckle or laugh aloud when I think of a dozen or more scenes from this movie? It's a little hard to explain, but I give it a try. First of all, it is very fun indeed - unlike what many "official" reviews want you to believe. But then again it depends entirely on your sense of humor, so there is no point in arguing for it. Often humor is in dialogue, and it is often situational comedy. For example, there is this very hilarious scene where the 4 gang members have got a lift on a truck. When the farmer drops them, they just stand there by the road, covered with cows or anything. They are totally unpleasant; then the scene realizes humor, one by one begins to laugh at itself, and Ruben Blades (like Carlos), sees (and certainly smells) awful, does not take a mouthpiece to at least do something about his breath (simply describe the scene here makes me chuckle again!). Which leads to the second point: the actor. Fred Gwynne, Lou Diamond Phillips, William Russ, Ruben Blades and Corbin Bernsen (okay, the latter exaggerate a bit at times) fit everyone and play their parts beautifully - in fact, you get the feeling that they must have enjoyed themselves too when shooting the movie. Third, there is the plot. Jim Kouf, director and screenwriter, is very retired; He takes his time to let the plot unfold and make the individual signs settle. More often than not there is no real action, and yet you enjoy these 4 very different people - who are trying to steal a bank, even though their boss (Bernsen) does not seem to turn up - mumbling about each other and evenly, courageously, can like each other. The film is a fantastic parody of the typical bank robbery - completely impossible with all its twists and turns, yet convincing in its love for ironic details. Incidentally, the title of the film is one of the best I have ever encountered because it perfectly summarizes the plot in a very ironic way. Therefore, take my advice: watch this movie, but if you don't laugh, smile or smile during the first 10 minutes, forget about it - it's not your type of movie. PS. The only negative about this movie is that there is no way to get hold of the manuscript - if you know how, tell me.
