I like this movie for several reasons. I have a soft spot for movies about intricate plotted criminal plots like TOPKAPI. I also enjoy movies (like TOP CAPE and BIG DEAL ON MADONNA STREET) that spoofer the genre. One of the best is spoiled CRIME. <br /> <br /> Over the years, Corbin Bernsen has faced four disadvantages and he decides that they can all be useful in a bank robber he is planning in a small Montana city. But he has given no details on the crime to the fellows and they do not know each other at all. Shortly after he sends them, Bernsen is arrested by two New Jersey policemen (Ed O'Neill and Daniel Roebuck), whom he fled from before and has a guarantee of bringing him back. While in their custody, they experience four drawbacks (Fred Gwynne, Lou Diamond Philips, Ruben Blades and Will Russ) without knowing why they are there, except that Bernsen was planning something. <br /> <br /> The first 20 minutes of the film deal with the four drawbacks slowly turning to each other, with Gwynne and Philips managing to push their own suspicions out to figure out they should trust on eachother. At the same time, we see Bernsen patiently waiting for the right moment to escape from O'Neill and Roebuck again - not too hard, as they are not the brightest bulbs that ever existed. The result is two sets of plots that will stick against each other throughout the movie: the four drawbacks are trying to figure out what Bernsen's scheme was and how to put it into operation, and Bernsen is trying to keep his own freedom from his persecutors and regain his cabin (and hopefully find his gang there for him to take command of). There is also a third, smaller plot involving the growing irritation and anger of local Sheriff Hoyt Axton against New Jersey idiots who continue to enter his hair. <br /> <br /> There are many wonderful moments in the movie, like Axton, the egg of O'Neil and Roebuck, surrounding a house in the city that Bernsen should hide inside and shout (through a megaphone, "Come out, we have surrounded !! "to get the scene switched to a great Montana plain, which Bernsen is struggling and stumbling through miles from where the police believe he is currently. There are moments of misadventures of our four drawbacks Luckily, putting the oldest (Gwynne) in a leadership position, this does not always guarantee something, at some point the car will not start and they will have to thumb a truck ride. Unfortunately, this is a truck carrying fertilizer. <br /> <br /> The conclusion with the gang successfully performing the robbery, including deactivating all police cars at the critical time (Philips specialty is cars) is also a gem of timing, excitement and comic results, the film is very entertaining and certainly worth watching .
