What loss went to Director Emile Ardolino! He could take an easy script and with the right casting and editing put a glimpse into it and make it shiny like a star. This particular star may not be the brightest in the sky when big romances go, but it is certainly one that keeps you tuned to the end. You really want to know how things go. <br /> <br /> The script is perfect for Cybill Shepherd, who at that time had to take advantage of his "Moonlighting" success for the new generation, who (fortunately for her) probably unaware of how many big screen big duds she had a very promising start. In this movie, she is a bit back in shape as a still-life widow who lived vicariously through her daughter (Mary Stuart Masterson on the star's cusp who would sprout with "Fried Green Tomatoes" two years later). She may have looked too young for the role, but it works well for the way the story unfolds. This is her movie, but she does not exceed her limits as a management. Shepherd graciously allows Robert Downey Jr. carrying much of the movie and showing a more mature comic strip than he had in his previous film to this point. And there is ample support from Ryan O'Neal (in his best role this year) and Christopher MacDonald. Masterson's natural charm casts in itself, whether it or she has a way of making her character a fresh breath with every word. Ardolino makes good use of his thrown sex appeals in the same way as he did with "Dirty Dancing", but this movie is not quite as sizzling, so you could still see it with your parents if they happened to be in the room. (Use your best judgment, they are your parents.) I give this movie a high mark because it is very user-friendly, romantic comedy enthusiasts find it sublime, and those who just look with them need to find lots of humor for to enjoy too. <br /> <br /> Again, credit goes to Emile Ardolino to make the most of a charming script by Randy and Perry Howze. (Where are they now?) Ardolino's next movie would be the sequel to "Three Men and A Baby", but his last theatrical release (Sister Act) would finally give him the nine-figure smash hit he deserved. Mr. Ardolino, your cinematic touch is missed!
