I first saw this movie when I was about 10 years old. Unfortunately I couldn't see it at the end because it was sent late in the evening. Now I bought it on DVD because I remember I liked it. <br /> <br /> This is really not an ordinary horror movie. It has some horror elements, but I categorize it rather as fantasy. I liked it, but I was hoping for a bit more horror and scary scenes. Especially the scene when Anna's father enters the paper house, trying to kill her, is a little short. <br /> <br /> Now to the plot. This film is about a young girl named Anna who gets sick. While she is ill and has to lie in her bed because of her much less, she finishes completing her drawing of a house - paper house. When she falls a sleep that often happens strangely straight away, she finds herself close to the house on a large green field. She realizes that the house is exactly what she has drawn and that all new details are also displayed in her dreams. One day she draws a boy into the house to get someone to talk to. When she forgets to draw her legs (because he's sitting behind a window) the boy can't go. Later, she is told by the doctor that a boy also has this strange disease, and she understands that with the boy she designed, she also got that boy in her disturbing dreams. She also notes that it becomes harder and harder for her to wake up from her dreams. When she misses her father who is abroad, she pulls her father into the house. She makes a mistake and her father looks very angry at the painting. She tries to rub him out, but realizes that she cannot change anything that has already been drawn. And the next time she falls asleep, horror begins. Her father is crazy and blind (because she draws s *** on her head to mark him as "invalid") and tries to get into the paper house and kill Anna and his friend. Her dreams became a terrible nightmare. They manage to escape and kill her father, and Anna can finally wake up. But Anna finds herself in the hospital, where the parents are sitting next to her bed. The doctors thought she fell into a coma or so. They tell Anna that the other boy died and that they will travel to the sea to overcome the tragic events. Anna draws a watchtower and notes that the same watchtower can be found near the hotel they traveled to. She runs to the watchtower and meets the boy (I just mention his name because I can't remember it and won't go back to the previous html page) and can say goodbye to him and forget these horrible dreams forever. <br /> <br /> There were a few things I didn't understand in the movie. First of all, it was the end that I absolutely do not like. I think it's too long while the main file becomes a little too short. How does the boy fly a helicopter and talk to Anna when he was dead? Why would you put such a stupid radio on the wall? I hated the scene, it was so stupid for me. It almost destroyed the biggest horror scene. Things I liked were the scene with the photograph of Anna's father, who was the first real scary and terrifying scene. I liked the boy. The actor was fantastic. He was even better than Anna. I also liked how Anna tries to get her father out of the painting while she is sleeping and how she is looking for it in the waste. <br /> <br /> All in all, a good movie. I give it an 8 out of 10.
