My name is John Mourby, and this is my story of Paperhouse: In May 2003 I saw Alfred Hitchcock's psycho, I was very scared and deeply disturbed. I started a huge search for a movie that was scary in the same way. But no where satisfactory. Among those who were tried and failed were the birds, the night of the living, the silence of the lamb, the Blair Witch Project, the Ring, the evil death, the sixth sense, 28 days later, the Texas chainsaw massage, Halloween, Alien, Peeping Tom, The Cell, Rosemary's Baby, Don't Look Now, Witchfinder General, Friday the 13th and The Omen. It must confirm I was desperate! Long after I stopped searching, I found out Paperhouse ????. Paperhouse is based on a favorite book I own, called Marianne Dreams. Paperhouse had also come in some of the books I had found on horror movies, but they did not tell me about the connection between book and film. I discovered the truth while I was on the internet I bought the movie later in the day. <br /> <br /> I thought Paperhouse wouldn't be true to the book and boring. Unfaithal it was determined, but certainly not boring. It was the answer to my prayers Marianne is renamed Anna in the movie, but most of the original story is the same. One day in school, Anna draws a house in her scrapbook (nothing remarkable about it), then she gets sick, and every time she falls or falls asleep she finds herself outside a scary old house (and I mean really uncomfortable). She also finds that every time she puts something new on the drawing, it appears in the dream world, EG, an apple tree. Anna, in the dream world, draws a rather sad boy with the name, apparently, a person in the real world. Mark is a curl, but wants to leave the house, Anna commits herself into a lighthouse (a place to go to), but still the problem is that the mark cannot go. So Anna decides to draw her father. She gets her pencil out and remains for work, but the result is deformed and worrying Anna especially does not face her eyes. Quote "he looks like madman". So Anna tries to rub him out and start again, but the pencil turns out indelible (that means nothing can be rubbed out). Then Anna loses her mood and crosses her father's eyes! I also leave you for yourself to find the terrible consequences of the rash action. <br /> <br /> Paperhouse is really the UK's answer to a nightmare on Elm Street! The display of this movie left me shocked and disturbed. But I found what I was looking for after 2 years. The question is, how does the dose compare to Psycho? Answer, 1 the old dark house, 2 psychological parents fear, 3 a real shock, 4 and very scary music.
