Anna (Charlotte Burke) develops a strange fever that causes her to pass and drift into a world of her own creation. A gloomy world she drew with a sad little boy who inhabit an old dumped house in the middle of a lonely field. Lack of detail, like any child who draws the house, and it's inhabitant Marc (who can't go because Anna didn't draw him on the legs) are residents of this wing / limbo world. Anna begins to visit the boy, and the house tries more often to find out what is and is trying to save the boy, but her fever makes it harder for her to wake up every time and maybe not just kill her but catch her and Marc there forever. <br /> <br /> Wow! Is a good word to sum up Bernard Roses brilliantly joking and poetic Paperhouse. A movie that is so simple that it is damn almost impossible to explain and impossible to forget. While you might find this puppy in your horror section, it is anything but. It is more of a serious fantasy, professionally directed and exceptionally well-acted by its cast, especially Charlotte Burke and Elliot Speirs (Marc). And yet it is not a children's film either, but intended to make us remember the carefree old days, which are now just dark memories. Rose creates a great wallpaper of moody mood that creates an exciting backdrop for the amazing story and the great actors to play with. Paperhouse stays away from trying to explain that it is more dreamy qualities and leaves most things to the viewers' imagination. There is a lot of symbolism and ambiguity here to sink your teeth. Paperhouse enjoys playing games with viewers mind, engrossing it with it's own sense of reasoning. As the story unfolded, I was over and over again impressed by how powerful the movie was to be in the final, leaving me with a smile on my face and a tear in my eye. <br /> <br /> Bernard Roses photos are brilliant here. He is able to create an unnervingly gloomy atmosphere that seems simple on the surface but as a whole is much larger than the sum of it's parts. The action is by young Charlotte Burke in this, her feature debut, is also a really impressive one. Unfortunately, she hasn't hurt since. A very deserved Burnout Central Award seems to be just right for that achievement. Towards the end, the film goes a bit here and there, but I could easily ignore it. I wished they had taken a darker turn, creating a much more powerful finale that would have proved to be more and more indescribable and truly tear-down. The movie as it is, is still one for the books and deserves to be seen by any serious movie lover. It is a poetic tour that is told through a child's innocent eyes, a strong film, how much is left to be considered and much more to be praised.
