My friend and I picked "Paperhouse" out of a random pile of movies on our weekly Horror section excursion - none of us had heard of it, but the boxing box was really promising. And the film didn't disappoint, though I probably wouldn't call it a horror movie exclusively. 11-year-old Anna Madden draws a house and visits it in her dreams. She certainly sleeps when she sees the house, but it is so true that it is almost like a completely separate reality. Which in the light of later events does not seem like a long cry from the truth. In any case, she finds that she can add to the house, its contents and its surroundings simply by adding to the picture. <br /> <br /> While this is happening, Anna is becoming increasingly ill with fever, and furthermore it is completely obsessed with the house and her drawing. In addition, she and her mother are also dealing with her absent father; He has a job that takes him away for long stretches, even if you get the impression, there is actually more to the story than that. Okay, so things are good enough - but honestly there is something really threatening about it. Dreamworld is badly surreal - for example, the house is just a gray block in the middle of a deserted area. The people who made the film did a good job of making us very uncomfortable with this alternative world / dream in progress ... One of the things Anna adds to the house is a boy, Mark, who seems to be the one The same patient that her doctor continues to talk about (I don't give it away, you know from the moment he looks like it's the same child). In fact, Mark cannot go because of an illness; in Anna's drawing world he cannot go because she does not draw him leg. She blames herself for her real illness and tries to correct the situation, but ... everything starts to get really strange. She even brings her absent father in the drawing with disastrous results. The bites with the father are really scary. <br /> <br /> I don't want to give anything away so I stop there ... There seems to be a lot going on in this movie. I'm sure you want a ball that analyzes this thing, makes death with your friends once you've seen it - Is it a simple story that it looks like, or is there actually meaningful? I don't know, but it's pretty fascinating. There was a "nightmare on Elm Street" quality about it as at some point the reality and the dreams cut. I love things like that. <br /> <br /> My only complaint is that it feels like it could be completed many times, but it didn't. I'm happy with the end it had (some of your sensitive types might like Kleenex handy!), Though it could really have a number of conclusions. Nevertheless, it is not exactly extracted when it is actually over, but while you are watching and it continues to fade back, it is a little nerve-racking. <br /> <br /> Still, "Paperhouse" is a really good movie. It's well done, and acting - especially Charlotte Burke as Anna - is top notch. Burke, which never before or since appeared in a movie, is a real gem. I don't know why she never went on to do anything else, but somehow she is really convincing and fun to see. "Paperhouse" is not exactly a horror movie, it is a kind of fantasy / excitement / some kind of movie with some very special horror moments - but you can still see it with your family and not worry about your little brother or grandmother end up with blood splash or something. <br /> <br /> Give it a try, you won't regret it! And maybe you should also read the book ...
