I miss the company Vestron, they probably had their finger on the pulse of unique and unusual cinema back in the 1980s. This is very clear with the amazing Paperhouse, a movie that touches me deeply every time I see it. The idea of ​​a girl manipulates a dream world with her drawings (hence the dream world manipulates reality) and also associates with and affects the life of a boy she has never met is fascinating and never disappointing. Initially, Charlotte Burke seems to be quite cold and yet warms her up because it is difficult for the adults to believe what she is experiencing because they are a bit of a malignant child. She becomes very self-conscious and strong towards the end, even finding that she does not "hate boys", as she said so hard first. Through this, we are treated to many touching moments and some terribly scary, all visually amazing with a grand score from Hans Zimmer. I'm pretty proud to be the owner of the soundtrack on CD, as it was released in the US on RCA Victor. At the time of this writing there is no DVD from Paperhouse, which is still available in the US (only in Europe). Here I hope one of my wishes will come true as I really appreciate this beautiful movie and a DVD of it would be very welcome! <It is gratifying to see the girl develop her thoughts as a puzzle that tries to make the dream world work for her and her newfound friend Marc (Elliot Spiers). Both Charlotte Burke and Elliot Spiers do a great job all over, I find the editorial comment on Amazon.com that it is "hammy acting" pretty confusing - I found every aspect of Paperhouse to be exciting. Even in small scenes of shine, as when Charlotte and the girl in the classroom stare at each other through the glass on a door, it's pretty powerful. <br /> <br /> You don't have to be an arthouse type to enjoy Paperhouse, just be someone who enjoys a movie that stimulates and wants you more. There is enough in this movie to invite repeated views, and I'm still in honor of movies and phrases. For me, it is never like watching the same movie twice, as there are so many details to absorb and enjoy. A real emotional experience. Although there are many movies I love, there are only a few specifics that hit me a big emotional chord: movies like Paperhouse, Static, Resurrection and Donnie Darko. When I see so much drek out there as movies that can be easily forgotten and in Copenhagen, all I have to do is look at Paperhouse and my belief in wonderful storytelling is renewed.
