This movie opened for bad showings in the first few weeks. Then Meena Kumari died and it just brought in the crowds. Songs on All India Radio, especially Inhi LogoN ne were played so often that I was sick of them at that time, despite acknowledging their beauty! <br /> <br /> Yes, it took all those years to do. It was because the marriage was a very unhappy and Kamal Amrohi also had difficulty finding money to make the movie; looking at the lavish sets and costumes, not surprisingly !! Not only does Meena Kumari age and get sick, but listen carefully to Lata's voice. Inhi logoN ne has her 50s younger voice, while songs that were recorded again as Chalo dildar chalo, show clear development. I just want someone to find Ghulam Mohammad songs that were not in the movie because of changing fashion that called fewer but little songs and publishing them. Lata in a recent interview (2007) rated Ghulam Mohammad as one of the best composers she had ever worked with, except Madan Mohan (a great personal friend). Also note that you hardly see the actors in Chalo dildar songs, very unusual. There is only a short shot of Raj Kumar from the middle distance, and you only see the back of the supposed Meena Kumari. Kamal Amrohi made a virtue out of necessity and focused on stars and moon. Any other movie this song would have had close-ups of both of them. <br /> <br /> For this is the finest movie ever, I would ask to depart. That means you've missed a lot of Indian movies, in no particular order, movies like Barsaat (old), Devdas (older versions), Bandini, Do Bigha Zameen, Garam Hava, Dastak, Guddi, Aan, Pyasa, Kagaz ke Phool, Sahib Bibi aur Ghulam, Kabuliwallah, Abhiman, Guide, Sujatha, Bombay ka Babu, Day, Parineeta (old), Umrao Jaan etc. Etc. And if you appreciate music more than history, the list will just grow with beautiful results from Barsat Ki Raat to Naya Daur, Teesri Manzil, Mahal, Aag, Jugnu, Anand, More Name Joker: The list is really endless! <br /> <br /> So enjoy Pakeezah, but don't miss any of the above ...
