Emilio Miragla's first Giallo feature, The Night Evelyn came out of the tomb, was a great combination of Giallo and Gothic horror - and this second movie is even better! We have several of the Giallo side of the equation this time, although Miraglia does not lose the Gothic horror stylings that made the former film such a joy. Miraglia attaches more importance to the finer details of the plot this time, and as a result, it is the typical Giallo maze, with signs everywhere and red herring thrown in minutes. This is a definite bonus for the movie, but it can get a little confusing at times; There is always enough to keep the public's interest, and Miraga's storytelling has improved since his previous film. The plot opens with a scene that sees two young girls struggling before their grandfather explains them the legend behind a rather lurid painting in their castle. The legend is about a woman called 'The Red Queen' who, legend has it, returns from the grave every hundred years and kills seven people. A few years later, murder begins to occur ... Although he only made two Giallo's, Miraglia has his own set of tribute. It is obvious that the color red is important to him, as it is of great importance in both films; and he seems to have something against women called 'Evelyn'. He likes castles, gothic atmospheres and stylish murders too - which is fine for me! Miraglia must not be Argento when it comes to wasting blood, but he certainly knows how to get rid of the top murder in his movie; And here we have delights involving a Volkswagen Beetle and a death on an iron that is one of my all-time favorite Giallo death scenes. The female side of the casting is excellent with the amazing Barbara Bouchet and Marina Malfatti coming up for an eye-catching throw of ladies who are not afraid to take off their clothes! The scoring with Bruno Nicolai is captivating, and although it does not contain much of the psychedelic stone that was heard in The Night Evelyn, came out of the tomb; it fits well with the film well. The finish is one of a turn-off, which, although Miraglia raises the Gothic atmosphere, comes across more than a little hurried and the identity of the killer is too obvious. But yet this is a lovely entertaining Giallo and one that I highly recommend to fans of the genre!
