Finally, I finally got to it and managed to see a "clean" copy of Pakeezah! So far, I've only had a missing scratched jerky version from Dubai TV once in the 90s with exciting English subtitles, dizzying widescreen coverage and a fluid color with a mind of its own. Having believed the world of such a poor (and short) copy, I found the decent one worth waiting for and the whole 140 minutes even more of a pleasure than I thought was possible. <br /> <br /> This was the lovely Meena Kumaris movie from start to finish and I think was planned by her from 1958 and finally realized it in 1971. What a shame it was that chronic alcoholism finally killed her shortly after and In fact, she was too ill to perform in some of the scenes of Pakeezah that necessitated a body double. In some scenes, the trunk clearly shows in her face. The story of Purity versus Adversity I can only treat as fiction without having experience with anything distant near it, but I am led to understand that it shows faithfully a world that is now gone that must have been common at some point in India. It is a sparkling and colorful movie with a simple relentless epic message, an intense romantic tragedy that somehow is emotional. But for me it is Ghulam Mohammed's incomparable golden music sung by the incomparable Lata Mangeshkar - especially Thare Rahiyo - and its role in the unfolding of history that makes this movie so outstanding. I have rarely heard so seriously, beautiful, poetic, wonderful song and the game songs on any movie soundtrack. Singin 'In the rain may be my favorite music movie, but Pakeezah has my favorite music - but Lata said the songs themselves didn't matter to her. The only shame is that even the unique Mohammed Rafi only had the only song in here, albeit a classic duet with Lata. Because of all this, but not blind to its mistakes, Pakeezah is my favorite Indian movie, filmed at a time when Westernization of India rallied and then now when Western values ​​appear to be state sponsored and de rigueur. At least see Pakeezah for a taste of which Indian pop music had to offer the world before it was too jettisoned for drumming machines, Bollywood Beat and Bhangra.
