Kangwon Province's power is director Hong Sang-So's second effort and clear what he began with in his previous film back in this film, including the many coherent narratives (in this case two) and stories of troubled or worrying conditions, as well as a powerful dispensation of irony. One thing that is clearly reduced from his previous work is the flight of fancy that included elements of surrealism. However, this film also contains a single moment of surreal, striking a contrast to the otherwise fairly realistic depiction contained therein. The two stories follow a young woman who goes to Kangwon province with her friends to find herself drawn to a stranger, the other to a man who also takes a trip to Kangwon province with his friend and struggles with its relationship honor. In addition, Hong shows a strong understanding of irony and deficiencies in human nature, and yet I do not think he is completely unsympathetic when it comes to his characters and draws just enough compassion to compensate for the criticism he draws with his irony. I think I have come to love Hw's movies is that they just feel so real, especially the complex and conflicting characters. Not to say that each person is hypocritical or suffering from confused feelings, but rather that these characters he and the actors present, feel fully developed and credible. <br /> <br /> This is not a fast moving movie. There is very lingering and like the previous movie, things do not always connect instantly, so patience pays off and in surprising ways. There does not appear to be any element in the film that is not deliberately placed in the film, and it has made me a little more aware of various seemingly extra characters, as they are drawn into the mix when the film progresses. <Br /> <br /> Power is an excellent film that manages to inject a level of personal feeling, regret, long for a story that highlights irony and lack of human decision making. It's a pretty tough balance to keep, and it's surprising how Hong manages to pull it off twice in a row. Technical production values ​​have become much better since the first film and direction have become stable and clear. This movie does not pack the same emotional wallop as the first one does, but gets a lot in its safe exploration, and the refinement really helps tighten the overall vision. Great view for art cinema lovers. 8.10.
