Fever Pitch has many of the cliches we have come to identify with Hollywood romantic comedies: a relationship between two people with a little in common, the secret he has hidden from discovering, the inevitable break-up and the very public? Well, I no longer go, but you get the picture. In spite of its predictability, it works, especially if you love baseball as I do, even though I'm not as obsessive as Ben Wrightman, a Boston School teacher played Saturday Night Live comedian Jimmy Fallon. <br /> <br /> Ben is created by a novel by Nick Hornby by veteran scriptwriters Lowell Ganz and Babaloo Mandel. Ben is a lifelong Boston Red Sox fan whose uncle gave him season tickets when he was seven years old, and he has been sweet firmly at that time all his life to the detriment of his relationship with women. Ben is not just a fan, but a "fanatic" who travels to Fort Meyers, Florida every winter for the Red Sox Spring Training games and never misses a home game in the usual season. His family does not consist of parents or siblings, but the fellows participating in each game with him and his bedroom are not a place to sleep, but a Red Sox museum to visit. <br /> <br /> When he falls for business consultant Lindsay Meeks (Drew Barrymore), he is threatened by the opportunity to grow up, but Ben is not quite ready to do so. He would rather join the Yankee series than go with her to Baltimore to meet her parents or to go to Paris with her and miss the Anaheim series. It takes his relationship to be solved so that he can stop and think about his priorities, especially when a pint-size Dr. Phil wannabe asks him: "You love the Red Sox, but have they ever loved you back?" While Fever Pitch is a prerequisite for some things being more important than baseball (bypassing the idea), you would never know it from the way things are showing. Of course, for anyone who is familiar with the Boston Red Sox story, it is a team that will break the heart of its most deadly fans - but it is 2004, the year of the curse of Bambino ending and the Red Sox moving to a new level , Ben can just do the same. Both lead performances are excellent, and the Farrelly Brothers themselves manage a beautiful coarse gag. While Fever Pitch will never be confused with an art film, it is a joyous body that needs to go down as one of my guilty pleasures. Go Blue Jays!
