Admittedly, I don't know about baseball, I'm not even a fan of the sport, but it didn't stop me from enjoying Farrelly brothers latest movie, Fever Pitch, a charming annoying romantic comedy. The movie is not all about baseball; Rather, it is about relationships and the emotional interruption that can often occur. <br /> <br /> Jimmy Fallen ?? gives its best performance to date ?? stars like Ben, a dorky, lightly nerdy school teacher. Ben is a kind of man-boy who unfortunately never really grew up and he promotes an almost fanatical dependence on the Red Sox baseball team. Ben has dedicated his life to the Sox and does everything from making pilgrimage to Florida to spring training to decorate each square meter of his apartment in team equipment. <br /> <br /> One day, as he takes his honorable geometry class on a field trip to her office, Ben meets go-getting Lindsey (a wonderful Drew Barrymore). Lindsey is a corporate, career-oriented kind of girl, but she has some kind of beauty that Ben finds absolutely appealing. He's initially hesitant to ask her out and thinks she's out of her "class" and Lindsey doesn't immediately see a potential partner in Ben. <br /> <br /> When Lindsey is hit by a serious case of food poisoning, their first date is a catastrophic start? And her resonant retching gives the first clue that we actually see a Farrelly brothers movie. Instead of accepting Lindsey's - rather urgent - request to reorganize, Ben sticks around to play the nurse, orderly and the caretaker. Then Ben scrubs the toilet and the dog's teeth while his love interest is passed out with a bucket next to his bed. When Lindsey wakes up in the morning and finds him asleep on her couch, she begins the long, fitful process of breaking down the network of status anxiety and ambition she has come to think of as her standards. Soon they will fall in love, and Lindsey gently accepts Ben's fanatical devotion to his sport. <br /> <br /> Having inherited season tickets from his beloved uncle, Ben has organized his life around the season ?? He never missed a game. But their conditions, which have developed without a hitch in the winter, hit a snag at the start of the season. <br /> <br /> Lindsey wants Ben to do other things as a holiday with his parents and party with friends, but Ben begins to have difficulty modifying his interest in meeting Lindsey halfway. Can Lindsey accept his irrational devotion to the summer boys to get their relationship to work? Can she really meet Ben's betrayal of sports? Can a deadly and nerdy Red Sox fan find true love after all? Of course, Lindsey and Ben come with a colorful selection of opinion-wielding friends. Lindsey's strictest friend, the skinny, rich and blonde Robin (KaDee Strickland) insists that something be wrong with the guy if he is still single at 30. But plump, curly Sarah (Marissa Jaret Winokur) and Molly (Ione Skye) gives a more optimistic and positive image of Ben. Ben's eccentricity could be used for almost any obsessive sports fan, while Lindsay's frustrations could be representative of any upward mobile career driven woman. Fallon is great as Ben, who shows real big screen potential, overcomes the insignificant challenge of keeping Ben from being unsympathetic. Meanwhile, Barrymore is as charming as the workaholic Lindsey, especially as she struggles to accept Ben for whom he is without losing sight of his own needs. Fever Pitch really works, and although there are many inspired comic moments, the movie is also aimed at the serious problem of sports addiction and how difficult it can be for couples to negotiate this fragile territory. Much of the film was filmed at Boston's Fenway Park, which adds a fine sense of authenticity to the matter as well as the mood of the game, although it fully appreciates what happened to the team, likely to be limited to baseball aficionados. Nevertheless, Fever Pitch is blessed with such a finely crafted and intelligent fun script that even novice baseball fans will find much to connect. Mike Leonard September 05.
