"Fever Pitch" is a sweet and charming addition to the small genre of sports romances that date movies or movies a son might be willing to go with his mother (though guys in the audience were noticeably restless during the romantic scenes). <I've lived through a milder version of such a story when my first exposure to baseball was dating my husband's spring after Mets first World Series victory, and then I watched that the Mets managed their next because I was the one Still up in the bad hours with our two little sons, who have grown up to teach me more about baseball through our local neighborhood National League team's other heartbreaking failures to win it again (and it was me who took our older son to his only Fenway Park game when I got a little red sox fever as a bachelor student in Boston). Compared to reality, the script reliably creates two people with real jobs. It is particularly impressive that Drew Barrymore's character is a noun workaholic who has anti-Barbie skills, although she basically only visits her three gentle girlfriends during gym training, allowing for much jiggling and the minor side stories with parents not totally work. It is even credibly created to meet Jimmy Fallon's mathematics teacher and how she falls for her "winter warrior" - even though it is surprising that his Red Sox accessories filled the occasion did not tip her out to her Jekyll and Hyde summer guy ". Their baseline crisis in the baseball season is also played out in a refreshingly adult way, from betting on compromise with her Franconian challenges for him, centered on the fact that they both face thirty and single. Surprisingly, Fallon rises to his character's gradual emotional maturity. While the ending borrows heavily from O. Henry, the screenwriters have made a worship service to quickly incorporate Sox's incredible 2004 season into a revised story line (with lots of collaboration from the Red Sox organization to film the stadium). The script goes out of its way to explain why Fallon does not have a Boston accent as an immigrant from New Jersey, but it does not explain why his obnoxious friends do not. The most authentic sounding Boston sounds come from most of his "summer family" of other season ticket holders, rendering kibitz the basics of Sox Lore to neophyte Barrymore (and any such audience members). <br /> <br /> The song selection includes many Red Sox fans favorites, from the opening notes to the classic "Dirty Water", although most are kept heard by the closing credits as if you are listening to local radio and are worth sitting through for to hear.
