Clint Tollinger arrives at a small town looking for his foreign wife and news about his daughter, he finds her, the chance of any kind of reconciliation is very slim. While here, the sheriff and the important townspeople learn Tollinger's reputation as a pistol specialist by tamer. As they live for fear of a mysterious landowner who immediately strips the city from them, they hold a meeting that chooses to hire Tollinger to free the city from its unfavorable elements. <br /> <br /> One with The Gun seems to be either a forgotten piece or a pretty much when I wrote this, it has just over 200 votes and a bad 9 user comments written for it. It's a shame on either score, because even though the production values ​​scream that this is a B-movie Western, this is a good entry into the Western genre. That piece takes a rather standard drawing theme for a harangued city that turns to a transient dark angel, has probably not made the film any favors over the years, I even read the synopsis and thought it is just another in line with similar theme images. But I was pleasantly surprised to find a dark dramatic picture with many cozy moments, both technically and as a working story. <br /> <br /> Robert Mitchum is in the lead as Tollinger, perfectly cast, he advances through the picture as some violent threat. We often talk about the screen's presence, as John Wayne and Charlton Heston had {right of course}, Mitchum is right up there with the best of them. A sequence here sees him standing in the shadows behind a room as a meeting takes place, we can't see his face, but we can feel the piercing stuff staring at us! The rest of the casting is also much in Mitchum's shadow, so it's really only with the big man that the movie actors credentials are high, perhaps it's unfair to designate Ted de Corsia for a kick, but Man With Gun's lesser failure is with his bad guys, and unfortunately they lack any kind of Scandinavian threat. The score from Alex North is extremely layered. {Fans of Spartacus will probably put their ears up}, and the Lee Garmes movie group is very impressive when you realize that most of this picture was shot at the studio. Directed and co-written by first time director Richard Wilson, Man With The Gun has a few surprises for the genre, but it is dark in tone, violent and above all very visible. 7.5 / 10
