'Una Giornata Particolare' is a movie that has a title that sounds so familiar, I thought I had seen it more than once. Now that I've finally seen it, I'm very happy. This is one of the better Italian movies I know, with one of Marcello Mastroianni's most wonderful performances, set in other masterpieces like "La Dolce Vita" and "8 1/2", both from the great Federico Fellini. Directed by Ettore Scola, this is a movie that takes time to introduce the characters and slowly develops a story on a special day, the day Adolf Hitler visited Rome. Marcello Mastroianni plays Gabriele, next door to Antonietta (Sophia Loren). She is a member of Mussolini's party, rather fanatical in her thoughts, and he is no longer a member. I will not reveal the reason for this. On the day every person from their building, including her husband and children, is out to see Hitler, they are still in the building. Antonietta bird escapes and flies to Gabriel's apartment, and the two meet. Just before Antonietta went to Gabriele, he thought of killing himself again for reasons I would not reveal. How history evolves from here, I will not reveal, but that is what happens between the two that make this a special day, not the fact that Hitler is in Rome. As I said, Mastroianni has a wonderful performance. You see, he is a man who desperately wants someone around him, although we do not know at first why. Maybe he likes Antonietta, maybe he is in love with her, may be there are other reasons. Antonietta feels what we feel. What does this man want from her? She likes attention anyway. We see how she makes her hair look attractive to the man. Loren also plays the scenes very well. We understand her questions, although we cannot be sure what her intentions are. The moments when we find out both of their secrets, if that's what you can call it, is a good moment. How the story evolves from there is even more interesting, but I don't want to spoil it for you. This is a movie to watch. Great performances and a beautiful filmography, and the message it gives us is still today.
