A special day (Ettore Scola - Italy / Canada 1977). <br/> Every time you come across a movie that really touches a nerve. This one provides a very simple premise, almost flawlessly done in every way and incredibly moving at the same time. It is surprising that Ettore Scolas "Una giornate particulare" is relatively unruly, even hated by some critics. Time Out calls it 'dirt' and Leonard Maltin, somewhat milder, 'pleasant but small.' I disagree not only because this film is moving deeply, but in its simple history it shows us more insight into the daily life of fascist Italy than most movies I've seen. The cinematography is obviously unnoticed, even slightly gentle and the story straight, which can explain the film's relative unpopularity. Considering the late 70's, not exactly spoiled with great Italian films, it is still strange that this was not really with the critics. <br /> <br /> The movie begins with a ten minute collage of archive films from Hitler's visit to Italy on May 8, 1938. Based on this background, we first meet Antonietta (Loren), a lonely, beloved housewife with six children in a Roman apartment complex. One day, when her Beo escapes, she meets her neighbor Gabriele (Mastroianni), who apparently is only one in the building without attending the ceremonies. He is well-intentioned, worshiped and soon attracted to him. Throughout the film, we hear the fascist rally from the radio of concierge hollering through the courtyard. Scola legally uses the camera to make us part of the case. After the opening scene, the camera swings over the courtyard of the modernist (state-of-the-art) apartment complex, which apparently looks for our main characters, which we have not yet met. <br /> <br /> Marcello Mastrionani and Sophia Loren are unforgettable in the two leading roles, the more amazing they are thrown completely against the type. Canada's born John Vernon plays Loren's husband, but he is only on the screen in the first and last scene. I expect his voice to have been dubbed as he is not of Italian descent and never lived there, according to my knowledge, so I cannot imagine that he speaks Italian. If his voice was called, I didn't notice at all. On the contrary, he is completely credible as Italian, even more than the rest of the cast. The story is simple but extremely effective, the show is excellent, the end is just perfect, and the framing doesn't come out as too pretentious but works perfectly. Don't miss this one. <br /> <br /> Camera Obscura --- 9/10
