As it was already set, the best version ever from Homer's epic. Totally shot at natural sites in the Mediterranean. The sea and sky are strikingly blue, the islands green and pristine. The clothes are linen, wool and fur, the settings stony and children's, everything is somewhat robust and primitive, a little what you would find in Cacoyannis or Pasolini films, and that makes it more authentic. Although the story is based on myths and largely goes into supernatural, it gives us a good idea of ​​how life in the 10th century BC. could have been like. <br /> <br /> The rhythm is somewhat slow and tight, but Whole is so beautiful that you quickly get into it. In fact, it is amazingly close to the original plot of Homer, if not to the text itself. Ulysses does not appear until the first hour, the start is centered on his son who looks after him. Then he suddenly looks into a storm, lands on the island of Pheacians, where the royal family takes care of him. His adventures are told in flashback as a tale to his hosts: the scary cyclop, the magical world of Circe, the Underworld, the Sirens, etc. Finally he returns to his homeland Ithaca after 20 years, and it all ends dramatically with the killing of his faithful spouse Penelope. As a story, Odyssey is an unmatched metaphor for the struggles of a human life. Cast is brilliant and international here. Irene Papas gives us a typical Greek tragedy style like Penelope, but the most amazing is the Albanian actor Bekim Fehmiu as Ulysses. Really good looks and convincing, it seems that the role was really created for him. Strange that he was never offered roles of this dimension afterwards. Also playing Nausicaa is Barbara Bach (as Barbara Gregorini) later known as the James Bond girl in "The Spy Who Loved Me", and playing Athena is Michele Breton, who was otherwise noted in the strange movie called "Performance" by Mick Jagger. <br /> <br /> 35 years ago, the series was actually an innovation for its time as the first major European co-production for television (Italy, France, Germany and Yugoslavia). I have seen this mini-series in 8 parts on French TV as far back as 1974. I was a child since then, and although it was all in black and white, it left a very vivid impression. Throughout my life, I wondered if I would ever get a chance to see it again, as it never appeared on French television later. <br /> <br /> I recently found a copy on DVD (all in wonderful color) over the internet. Unfortunately, it is only in Italian without subtitles, although French and German versions existed since then. I have never heard that there was any English version of this movie, as it is very unknown in the Anglo-Saxon world, and it's pretty shame. If you ever get a chance to see this, you'll never forget it ever. <br /> <br /> There were not many versions of Odyssey before or after that. The one at Camerini in 1955 with Kirk Douglas is a classic sword and sandal as "the 10 commandments" but not so impressive and very short for such a complex story. The one in 1997 by Konchalovsky is a meretricious Hollywood movie based on special effects, sometimes quite gory, very badly acted and roughly far from Homer's history and atmosphere.
