No, this is not a successor to the amazing OVA series, but rather a remake of the events that took place after Ghim's death (and the disappearance of Woodchuck). It is also more accurate for the novels, which inspired this wonderful series, why characters (namely Orson and Shiris) are reintroduced and why the story may seem slightly different from those used to OVA. (The brochure in the kit provides excellent answers to such questions, like various web pages.) The first eight episodes in this 27-part television series focus on the fateful battle of Demon Dragon Mountain. The remaining 19 episodes introduce us to Spark, a blue-haired knight wannabe, who identifies with the Parn and his ragtag team of misfits as they attempt to stop the Wagnard Dark Wizard from reviving Kardis Destroyer. <br /> <br /> While not entirely equivalent to the original LODOSS WAR (we all love the finals, where the Parn rescues Dedlit from Wagnard, not we?), this television follow-up is still fun for fantasy fans. Although the animation is limited (and one step down from the first LODOSS artistic line), this 27-part series has its objections. The fully realized characters, engaging history, magic, romance and a fantastic soundtrack scored by Kaoru Wada by NINJA SCROLL, all give this uneven spin-off any kind. <br /> <br /> While OVA dub has LODOSS been criticized for some reason, I generally used it and considered it one of my favorite dubs. So I had significant hopes for the CHRONICLES dub, made in 1999-2000. Mostly, the LODOSS TV English track is of acceptable (if not stellar) quality; however, it has its share of problems. Much of the original cast that lent their English voices to the characters of LODOSS's return (including Lisa Ortiz who did!), Which is a good bonus. On the other hand, Billy Regan's more mature sounding couple is a bit offputting. He does not do a bad job, but his voice came across as a grid for the first eight episodes (causing some anti-dub fans to instantly hit the dub), but when Spark and Company takes the stage, I found it less annoying. (I don't know if that's because he improved or just grew on me.) Also, not everyone coming from OAV dub will return. Jayce Reeves only votes Wagnard (terrible) for an episode; He is replaced by Pete Zarustica for the whole show, which gives a rumbling but still vicious turn (as well as the expected evil laughter). Anthony Cruise's Kashue on the other hand is too tired and takes about five or so episodes to find his step. Oliver Gregory is probably the most effective as Orson, especially during his last dramatic scenes. Apart from Lisa Ortiz (deedlit), Karen Smith (Shiris), John Knox (Ashram) and Al Muscari (Slayn), dub's best voices come from some of the newer characters, including Crispin Freeman (Spark, Maar, Garrack episodes 16- 27-), Roxanne Beck (Little Neese), Meg Frances (who agrees with Pirotess in OAV, but also voices Ryna with vulnerability and sassiness as well as Karla) and especially Angora Deb (who steals every scene, she's in like Leaf Half Elf) . The rest of the casting is not terrible in any way, but a little more uneven than OAV dub. Some are okay (Aldonova, Greevus), while others are lackluster (Hobb, palace, dragons, etc.) And few were awful (especially Prince Reona's VA is too hard and monotonous for a justice fighter). <Br /> <br /> In fact, the lack of sound reproduction (some cast members get new voices of some inexplicable cause when we come to some of the later episodes), is one of the problems with dub. Others include less memorable and more awkward sounding dialogue, uneven synchronization, and finally (I apologize in advance to fans of this) LODOSS ISLAND segments. These scary, super-deformed interludes at the end of each episode will either entertain or drive you batty. Admittingly, I first found them to be a great nuisance, but the sorta grew on me after a while. (In addition, there are some show-hopping hilarious lines like "I'm King Kashue, and that's my CASHEW! I'm really a distress!") These errors just give the Chronicles rank just below it for OVA, resulting in an uneven English tracks best summarized as "OK". <br /> <br /> Wondering if the Japanese language track is the preferred listening choice, well, guess what? The Japanese version also has good and bad points. While some voices are less annoying than the English-language track, I found others to be less appealing than the English equivalents (especially the actor who does well is hardly as good as Lisa Ortiz OR Yumi Tohma). In addition, I must mention that the Japanese cast is not the same as OVA. When the series was made seven years after the original, all but one (Sho Hayami) of the cast members is replaced with new ones. While doing a respectfully good job, it can be a great annoyance to those accustomed to the Japanese OVA cast. Shows that not everything in Japanese is better than English, eh? Despite its faults, CHRONICLES OF THE HEROIC KNIGHT is still a fine series that deserves to hold its own land. It is not without its hard spots and does not always live up to its predecessor, but there are probably good points to counteract the bad, making this a moderately enjoyable fantasy Anime.
