With regard to art, the 1970s were a very turbulent era. In literature and visual arts it was the end of a great fifty or three-year period of creativity that has not yet been restarted. In music, it was a decade that many see as a low point because of corporate rock and disco. On television, it was a golden age for situations comedies, from The Odd Couple to Mary Tyler Moore Show to M * A * S * H ​​to everyone in the family, but in movies it was even a major period of creativity in all genres, It saw the rise of US authors as Robert Altman, Francis Ford Coppola and Martin Scorsese - from the ashes of the old studio systems that had dominated Hollywood for over half a century. These directors wanted to produce literary, artistic films for the masses, of the kind that had been staples in Europe since the end of World War II. Nevertheless, the studies tried to keep pace with socially conscious films of the kind not seen since the 1930s. <br /> <br /> But unlike the 1930s movies, star actors like Jimmy Cagney and John Garfield (usually co-starring Dead End Kids) who dealt with social issues in a gritty realistic way, or as realistic as one could come to a solid stage, the social consciousness manifested in the late 1960s and early 1970s mostly in science fiction films, which allowed Hollywood's left to preach to the masses under cover of The most viewed a bit over cartoon entertainment. There was a precedent for this approach, for several of the 1950's flying saucers dealt McCarthy's political jealousy, especially The Day, the Earth still stood and the invasion of Body Snatchers. And in the early 1960s, Rod Serling constantly undermined the political conservatism of the time by issuing social problems in science fiction settings on his classic sci-fi television anthology show The Twilight Zone. Among the study offers from this time on were the ecologically sensitive Silent Running; George Lucas first film THX 1138 that dealt with consumerism, group thinking and existentialism; and Logan's Run, which hammered away by communism and state control over individual rights. Some of the film's references are rather heavy-handed - and the spread of the then-current Arab oil crisis and violent inflation. A pair of jarred strawberries cost $ 150, and Soylent rationalizes its various colored foods - Soylent Yellow, Soylent Red, and the new Soylent Green, supposedly made from 'the finest underwater growth' in a way that is not unlike today's gas rationing. Scenes of food disintegrators are scary echoes of the oil lifts at many petrol stations during the year when the film's release is, and the scenes of congestion and organs, living and dead, are still chilling as well as influential. A later movie like Escape From New York is an obvious offspring. However, the rest of the manuscript is by Stanley R. Greenberg right pedestrian and right standard for a dystopic flick, but Fleischer and film photographer Richard H. Kline do a good job of filling the screen with interesting pictures and sounds to spice things up. The use of soft, dimly-lit visuals, dark-filtered, adds a Stygian feel to the movie New York, almost like a colored version of Carl Theodor Dreyer's Vampire. The only light in the film comes from artificial sources, and if it wasn't for fashion faux pas, the film could really seem timeless. The end of the movie, where Thorn sneaks into the processing plant, where the human body is made for Soylent Green wafers, is both chilling and strange drama-less. Eventually they chase Soylent Minions Thorn down, but he survives long enough to pronounce the movie's catchphrase to Chief Hatcher. Still, you don't know if that's enough, because Hatcher has already been recorded and has a track record to take the easy way out. Nevertheless, this fact and its ambiguity show that the film does not rebuild its characters' dilemmas, and has a depth many later, better-made films, sci fi or not, does not. That's why Soylent Green is still a movie worth watching.
