Documentation of a document. It is a way to describe Keep the river on your right: A modern cannibal speech. This film follows the anthropologist Tobias Schneebaum, who in his late 70s took a trip back to the places he spent time as a field researcher over 40 years ago, first to West Papua and then to Peru. Tobias is a rich character: a gay Jewish artist's anthropologist who seems to live on a cruise ship that teaches gawking tourists about the cultures he has come to have a deep respect and understanding for. Author of several books documenting his time with both the Asmat peoples of West Papua and the cannibalist Amazon in Peru, Tobias has been haunted by what happened in his time at these sites and how intimately his connection and relationship had become. But Tobias' constant wonder and appreciation for the places he got to know is admirable and a great pleasure to see. One can only hope to achieve and maintain such humility itself. <br /> <br /> Tobias is convincingly studying as the experiences he experienced in immersing himself in these two tribal communities have left him fundamentally changed. This film challenges the notion of morality and "naturalness" - eg. nudity, homosexuality, cannibalism. (Look for the graphic circumcision scene). When questioning why he involved some of the local practices that others would morally condemn, his non-judgmental question asks: "Why not?" Who is to say that the road to other cultures is right or wrong? This little sleeper is a must to look after not only National Geographic types but also those interested in documentaries. This movie shows what can be done on video. The editing gives a quiet revelation of Tobias's life that leaves you looking in fascination. At times, he expects to be pushed by the movie staff to make the emotional journey back, especially considering his age and physical weakness. We can be grateful that Tobias made the tables turn on himself, perhaps sympathizing with the desire to understand humanity and the place of the world. The filmmakers give some moments of critical balance, for example, showing an anthropologist who believes that Tobias predetermined his results (of homosexuality in this case) based on his personal interests. Having said that, you can't decide when to stop being shocked, and when to take this man back to bed. Move over the riverbed, it's the best river route I've taken for a while.
