NYC, 2022: The greenhouse effect, disappeared oceans, abrasive unemployment and lack of water, power and food. And New York's population has topped 40 million. This is a little gem of a picture, not least because a resource-poor future is a reality for us citizens of the 21st century. <br /> <br /> The low-budget opening titles of this movie are amazing: set to music, a low-tech "tape-slide" sequence made up of stock photography from the very beginning of photography right up to 1973, shows An unspoiled American pastoral develops into a polluted and crowded hell in less than 2 minutes. Successful and unambiguous, it is truly memorable. Budget constraints are also behind enough imaginative films and other limitations, which is in contrast to the brilliant premise of history. Police station sequences are like an episode of some 70s TV detective show, and the other interior sets look basically at best. The budget has probably all attempted to "speed up" Soylent Executive's 'Chelsea West' apartment with state-of-the-art treats, which means the other costumes are perfunctory, some established shots are bizarre subpopulations, and daytime outside appearances all seem to be shot through a smoke filter. The memorable scene where Sol and Thorn (Charlton Heston) share a meal of animal and rare food, summarizes their community: They enjoy true bourbon, salad, celery, tomato, apple and beef, and we really feel their lip-smacking appreciation of others' wealthy privileges. <br /> <br /> Robinson's pivotal death scene, where his character is widespread in a place called 'Home', portrays him immersed in pictures of the world's unique beautiful flora and fauna as he remembered them, beautifully opposite the godly thorns Recognizing that the future has become bankrupt, including horror. <br /> <br /> This is a smart movie and its core message is as relevant today as it was in the early 70s. Yes, I know we do not eat the dead yet, but with our resourceful life, budding poverty gap, corporate global capitalism, and uncontrolled destruction of habitats leading to climate change, the persistent prediction of "Soylent Green" can happen.
