The world of 1973 sci-fi drama SOYLENT GREEN is what we could see if we were not careful. It is a world where New York's population has peaked at 40 million. Land in the year 2022. Overpopulation, air pollution, year-long heat waves and food shortages are the rule. The only hope comes from a food product called Soylent Green. But what is this cooking really made of? That question is at the heart of this, though dated, yet exciting film, based on Harry Harrison's 1966 novel "Make Room! Make Room!" Charlton Heston stars as Thorne, a NYPD detective who comes across the murder of a senior consultant (Joseph Cotten). As it turns out, Cotten was on the board of the Soylent Corporation, the people who are responsible for all the foods that the people should consume instead of the right thing. Heston believes this was not just a murder in the garden, Cotten was bumped for a reason. He gets a lot of help from his little cantankerous, but very scanty "book" (Edward G. Robinson in his 101th and last cinematic appearance) and a few timely reminders of how the world used to be. What Robinson Finds Out About Soylent Green Shakes Him Beyond All Fantasy; but before he can tell Heston all he knows, he has himself euthanized. And when Heston really finds out the secret of Soylent Green ... yes, that part has been immortalized in film history. Under the very professional governing body of Director Richard Fleischer (THE BOSTON STRANGLER; FANTASTIC VOYAGE), SOYLENT GREEN is a rather ugly but thoughtful look at a dystopian future that humanity can live if we do not slow down our tendency to remove our planet its natural resources. In fact, this was a project Heston himself had in mind to film as far back as 1968, after he had beaten gold in the sci-fi genre with PLANET OF THE APES - a fact that is likely to be lost when his ultra-conservative The political philosophy comes up in a conversation (after all, SOYLENT GREEN is hardly a channel for unimpeded capitalism). As always, Robinson is the accomplished professional in his last role; The sequence in which he is euthanized (as he looks at the world's video from a better era, set to Tchaikovsky, Beethoven and Grieg's music) is simply heartbreaking. The film also benefits from solid support from Chuck Connors (as a very convincing heavy), Brock Peters (as Heston's superior), and Leigh Taylor-Young as the woman who tries to help Heston in his inquiries. <br /> <br /> Rejecting SOYLENT GREEN seems to be easy these days to be dated. But those who do so should think twice; For this film's world can end up being ours in reality, if we do not see what we are doing with what we have today.
