As with all environmentally conscious films from the 1970s, SOYLENT GREEN has a rather cheesy view of what ecological degradation is. Overpopulation means there are too many people to feed? I was under the impression that hammer prices were caused by either war or failed economic policy. Stalin's policies in the Soviet Union in the 1930s left millions dead because of famine, and to this day, the largest man-made tragedy Mao's rural policy in China led over 30 million famine in the 1950s. And let's not forget the great hampers in the Horn of Africa in the 1980s and 90s, which had to do with conflicts that were not overpopulation. You may also consider that two of the most populated areas on Earth, Hong Kong and Macau have never had a famine in modern times. Likewise, the expansion of shanty cities around cities as seen here is not strictly down to overpopulation - it is down to economic factors where people flock to cities to find better-paid jobs than in the country (It is a symptom of industrial progress - not of too many births) so the image of the streets of New York City is too congested to go through and having people sleep in stairwells is somewhat ridiculous <br /> <br /> But don't be fooled into thinking SOYLENT GREEN is a pile of grained wood crap crap because I consider this to be the best organic movie of the <br /> <br /> 70's. It plays on today's knowledge of the world where Sol and Torn are next to themselves happy to find fruit, brandy and fresh meat. Thorn gasps astounds to have ice cream in his whiskey, puffs on a cigarette and delivers the classic line "If I can afford it, I'll smoke two, maybe three of them a day". But it is the view of the euthanasia chamber that is memorable as Thorn looks at pictures of wild animals, flowers, running water, and snow-covered mountains, a world Thorn's generation has never known. This is a very joking scene that makes SOYLENT GREEN a very memorable movie combined with the fact that it contains the last screen look of Edward G Robinson as the wise old Jew Sol Roth
