The only other movie in addition to Soylent Green that has such an air of hopelessness is On the Beach. Both films deal with the consequences for the species and the planet from man-made disasters. On the beach with nuclear war and Soylent Green with environmental poisoning of the planet. Perhaps there is reason for some optimism, because from 2007 we have not reached any of the worlds described in these films and we should now. New York City still has about 8 million people, not the 22 million by the millennium as described in Soylent Green. Environmentalists always greet this film as a consequence of global warming. For me it also shows Right to Life ethically run amuck. Of course, there is no family planning in this world either. Charlton Heston is a NYPD detective living with roommate Edward G. Robinson, who is old enough to remember the earth before the disaster struck. A murder has been committed, Joseph Cotten, a manager with Soylent Corporation, a multinational concern that has come up with a food product, a kind of wafer of many colors to feed the world's population. The latest product is Soylent Green. The study finds that Charlton Heston gets his husband, but it also leads to some terrible truths about Soylent Corporation and the future of mankind. As Heston shouts at last, that Soylent Green is made by humans, that we have become a race with cannibals, it's terrible that there is no alternative. We have exhausted the planet and we need to eat our dead to survive. <br /> <br /> This was the farewell performance of Edward G. Robinson, and in his memoirs, Heston spoke fleetingly of Robinson, although they had different political views. A few weeks after Robinson wrapped the final scene of his screen cushioning with the consent of euthanasia, he went away in real life. Not many did, but Heston knew Robinson was terminal and there was no action involved in the final death scene between the two. <br /> <br /> Although the schedule was off, it does not mean that the world imagined by Soylent Green should not pass. Hopefully, we not only have the intelligence but also the sense of shared responsibility to prevent it.
