"The Garden of Allah" is an excellent example of "popular women's literature", the end of the 19th century style that combines all the power of outrageous erotic and exotic creatures with the stimulating glamor of false mystery and the sado-masochistic bite of Catholic guilt. Like Jane Eyre couldn't be really happy before her castle burned down around her, and her boyfriend was permanently afflicted by his sins, or the rule of "Rebecca" couldn't find true fulfillment in her marriage until her master's husband was put on trial for the murder of his first wife (and her castle burned down around her), or poor psyche could not rely well enough and had to extract Cupid's secret at all costs, the Domini, the devilish Catholic heroine of this piece of tripe, can only find true sexual awareness by accidentally marrying a man who has laid off his holy religious promises. Like all such stories aimed at stimulating the woman reader and evoking the steam, this one of the oldest tricks in the book depends on: fundamental misconceptions and inability to express one's true feelings in the right place and at the right time until it is too late . The logic is that any ultimate sexual ecstasy can be pampered as long as one is willing to ultimately pay a high enough price for it in reconciliation in the last act. It is Paul Claudel reduced to beauty salon magazine standards. Oh well ... It could have been much worse and it was often ... Without the religious overtones, the plot of the movie is that of your basic porn girl: The over-sex monk driven by abstinence escapes to the desert where he has a few rolls in the dunes With a romantic, well-crafted but naive Catholic heir before reintegrating his monastery, all the passion spent and left her to clean up his mess. And I really re-create another commentator's comparison with Anatole France's "Thais", a sophisticated novel that intended to make fun of the whole concept of Catholic sexual oppression, some of which appeared in Massen's opera of the same name, fortunately. <br /> <br /> But what makes this image unique in the annals of commercial female eroticism, of course, is the enormous constellation of talents gathered under one banner to make this cinematic wet dream come to shining, lively life. Imperishable Technicolor photography that will survive all of us, a truck of worthy character actors (including a cute dog), a music score by Max Steiner, who seems determined to perform the "composed movie", as Michael Powell (as ironic probably had a part in the German version of 1927) always dreamed of looking at times on the brink of dissonance, but always comes through in a fantastic symphonic, operative exoticism, a dreamlike atmosphere where material considerations are not an object, characters travel like magic from one place to the next, the dialogue is sparse, vague and clear, the art direction is close to heavenly, flower arrangements appear in the humble hut or tent, the heroine is inexhaustible, and all male characters are either aristocrats, saints, condemned , but pretty sinners, mystics or poets. <br /> <br /> Ahh ... Hollywood! The MGM DVD presentation of this movie is just bones, but impeccable. The bit rate is very high throughout the color registration is almost always perfect, and the 2.0 mono sound really is right for Max Steiner's score and for Boys' penultimate announcement. <br /> <br /> A historical note on this kind of "women's subject": The following year (1937), Julien Duvivier, visibly inspired by "the Garden of Allah", directed "Carnet de Bal", where a very similar horse-drawn non-melting in the mouth heroine (widow after taking care of a scary man in the exotic remoteness of an impossible romantic alpine lake villa) wants to discover what she has missed by looking at the male dancers in her first dance book. She finds them all in time, only to realize that any feeling that was at a time between her beaus and herself was either misunderstood, overstated or otherwise had lifelong tragic consequences. It was Duvivier's cynical way of telling us to take care of impossible idealistic beliefs, and that we should all grow up sooner or later.
