I discovered this movie after reading the book that inspired it. It's not a strict biographical movie; It is "loosely based" on facts. But I found it a compelling and eerie exploration of evil and madness, and Michel Serrault gives an unforgettable performance as Dr. PETIOT. There are many memorable images in this movie; Petiot travels through the night as a vampire, his black cloak flaps behind him, is almost iconic. There are also several touches of expressionism - Petiot's crooked silhouette mounts the staircase leading from the basement, where the slaughtered remains of its victims await cremation, reminding me of some scenes from 'Nosferatu'. <br /> <br /> But I found it The primary appeal of this movie is responsive. The soundtrack is filled with creepy sounds that begin with open-circuit hopeful music, accompanied by wordless mockery. Petiot lives and drives his medical practice in a complex of many small shops, and there is a persistent background noise from knives sharpened somewhere, as well as a peddler playing spooky melodies on a saw. There are also expensive sounds - the concierge holds a goat, invisible cats hats - and later in the film we see that unhappy cattle are hired through a subside. The whole atmosphere is disturbing, with overtones of violence and slaughter. Not only animals, but you often hear human voices - the screams of the Gestapo victims, Petiot's patients in his watch room, watched by a listening device, the same as the suspect collaborators after the war are monitored in their cells. Even the film's action is often arranged so we can hear the participants' voices without seeing them. When Petiot goes to see Mme Kern, we hear her singing while she works, her voice echoes in the theater before we ever see her. And even when she looks, she is often taken from behind, her voice calling to her husband, whose voice calls her in conversation. Disembodied voices echo in large halls, and their owners, when seen at all, are photographed remotely so we can't actually see them speak. This is a ghost story, and it's the ghost's voices - many of them Petiot's future victims. <br /> <br /> But Petiot himself is often just a voice; his frightening laughter echoes as he retreats from the camera, throwing comments behind him or in the air to no one. In a way, he is as much a ghost as the one he kills. He is always hectic busy, scurrying from appointment to appointment, never at rest. But his activity is that of a machine - lifeless and imperturbable. Interestingly, among all the horror and danger of occupied Paris, Petiot alone is uninhibited; He is amused, excited, angry, annoyed, despicable, but never scared, unlike these real people, he lures them to their deaths. It is not surprising that he boasts of his mechanical inventions, including an eternal motion machine (a true detail from the book - he claimed to have invented many machines); He is a kind of eternal motion machine himself. And mechanical imagery is everywhere in the film, from the huge wheel of the opening in the movie house, to the Petiot's bike (with its creaking wheels echoing the sound of abrasive knives), to Victrola, he holds liquidation to play music before he kills. Even his routine with his victims is mechanical - write a note to your wife, let me pamper you before you leave, you need a vaccination, Barcelona, ​​Casablanca, Dakar. As a well-oiled machine, the routine is always the same, just as the record is always the same. <br /> <br /> Maeder, the author, says it was the perfection of his crimes that weigh so heavily on Petiot during his trial. His system was as smooth and effective as a Nazi concentration camp, and so it may be that the movie discovers part of Petiot's involvement with the French gestapo and the occupying Nazis. Unfortunately, it doesn't quite seem like part of the story, because it's very hard to find out what Petiot does for the business partners or what happens when he ends up in their headquarters in the middle of the night. Sending organs? Hiding stolen goods? It's hard to say, and harder to believe; The state is not likely to turn to a freelancer like Petiot. <br /> <br /> But that reminds us of the duality of evil people; Petiot is a robber and a murderer, but he is also a devoted father and husband. Just as we learned that Hitler loved dogs and that Nazis who were guilty of the worst war crimes could also love fathers and family men, we must admit that Petiot could commit indelible horrors and still function normally. His insanity is easily camouflaged by insanity and horror in the wartime situation in Paris; When one kills, robs and disappears, one goes around, no one knows the attention, since Petiot throws several corpses on the pile.
