I watched this movie at the Toronto International Film Festival. I loved this and not just for the obvious reasons. Blindsight is a documentary about a group of blind Tibetan teenagers trying to climb Mount Everest's sister pop. Now this kind of thing is usually one cannot be missed. Inspirational. Moving. Real standard, right? And even if the movie was just that, I would still have liked it. But it was so much more. Blind himself, German Sabriye Tenberken established a school for blind children in Tibet, in a culture that sees blindness as a curse as evidence that a person did bad things in a past life. Many of the school's children have been cut off throughout their lives, and at best they are a burden on their families. As part of their education, Tenberken shares with them the story of American Erik Weihenmayer, the first blind person to reach the summit of Mount Everest. She sends a letter to him who invites him to visit his students. Instead, he comes up with a plan. He arranges an expedition to climb 23,000 feet Lhakpa Ri and provide all guides and equipment. Sabriye finds six willing participants, and that's when the killer starts. Erik's team is mostly American, mostly male and most sighted. As experienced climbers, they are Type A personalities, very gung-ho and goal oriented. Sabriye is European, woman and blind, and the students for her are more than a "project", no matter how appropriate. In addition, the students are Tibetan, and not old enough or confident enough to always stand up for themselves. When the expedition unfolds, they become ties between the two adult "sides" who want to please both while at the same time wanting to gain the trust that comes from the fulfillment. As an extra obstacle (except being blind, that is), they speak English as another or in most cases a third language and struggle to understand and understand. <br /> <br /> When it comes to the fact that none of the students have any climbing experience and some are much more coordinated than others, it begins to cancel Erik's original plan for them all to reach the summit. Since both students and teachers start to suffer from the effects of high altitude, decisions must be made as to whether to continue or send some down the mountain. Among the effects of high altitude is increased irritability and you can see how this feeds the conflict between the adults. On the one hand, there is a risk of oversimplifying them, for whom the destination is everything, and on the other hand, those who just want to enjoy the journey. I will not tell you how it all turns out, except to say that this was one of the most surprising and thought-provoking stories I have seen for a long time. The movie also weaves bits of each climber's story in the narrative, and it was hardly needed as the kids once climbed tended to hold their heads down and their mouths closed. When all the drama was around them, it was not surprising. Wallpapers, on the other hand, are charming and heartbreaking, and I found it very strange that I found myself closer to the tears at the start of the film than at the end. This was contrary to my expectations and another pleasant surprise. In addition to covering all the human drama, director Walker and her little crew had to struggle with the frigid and oxygen-deprived features themselves in the mountains, hoping it would not break down. As with all the big documentaries, the film producer was just lucky enough (or smart enough or prepared enough) to be in the right place at the right time, and she is concerned with a very special story that has so much to say about people, who wants to do "what is best for the kids" as it does about the kids themselves.
