There is an episode of The Simpsons that has a joke news report referring to an army training base like a "Killbot Factory". Here, the commentary is simply part of an explosive joke, but what Patricia Foulkrod's documentary does is show us frighteningly that it is not so far from the truth. After the Second World War, the US Army decided to tackle a problem they were facing in the war; that many soldiers came into battle and found themselves unable to kill another person unless it was a question of 'me or them'. Since then, the US Army training process has been to remove all moral scruples and reverse recruits for killing machines that do not think of combatants as humans. To develop in them a most unnatural state: "The sustainable urge to kill". <br /> <br /> First, it is not an anti-war film as such. Although at least it paints war in a very bad light, Foulkrod focuses on one aspect that does not get as much media attention as, for example, the debate on the legality of a war or it is physical success or failure; The influence of the process of transforming a man into a soldier has on the person as a human being. It is paradoxical to train someone to be a soldier to defend society, making them totally unfit to live as part of this society itself, and while most examples and interviewees are from the current conflict in the Middle East, Foulkrod relations with previous conflicts, especially Vietnam, painfully clear. It's not about a particular war, it's about the problems caused by war in general. <br /> <br /> Structurally, the film appears to be divided into three sections; how recruits are drawn into the army and the education they receive, how they are treated when they are in battle, and what happens when they leave the army. Once this point is reached, you realize that the main goals of this film are, in fact, the policies associated with the armed coercion, policies set in place to make soldiers an affective fighting force, but removing all humanity from individuals. The interviewees tell the camera how the recruitment process seems so clean and simple, how words such as "democracy" and "freedom" are tied around, but when training begins, they become "enemy" and "kill" and "destroy". How once in action soldiers does not care what they are ordered to do, as they are intricate with the idea that as soon as they do an order, whatever they may be, they are one step closer to coming home. They have no political or social ideals to fight for but fight and kill as this is what they have been trained for. <br /> <br /> But Ground Truth's main goal is to highlight the way the US Army discards those who have fought for their country when they return home. There is no real rehabilitation given to returning soldiers, and many are forced to go home unable to cope with what they have seen and done, and most policies in place seem to be ensuring that The army has no legal responsibility whatsoever for psychologically affecting their soldiers pick up. This is the final indignity that when used, they are thrown away. <br /> <br /> If there is an error in the movie, then Foulkrod does not attempt to display another page to the argument. You would get the impression that every soldier who ever went to war would come back with post-traumatic stress syndrome. It would have been interesting to see them by a ?? less liberal education gives their opinions on how the army handles training and policies. It is never a chance for the other side of the argument to make itself known. <br /> <br /> But apart from that, this is an expertly crafted documentary, and Foulkrod's use of stock footage and music is perfectly exploited to come across a side of war that is too often passed by when discussing a fall .
