"Descent". Yes. Boy ... I haven't seen anything that is strong and scintillating since Bruno Dumont's, "Twentynine Palms" (2003). (Incidentally, this movie should not be confused with another rather new image on the subject "female empowerment", "The Descent" (2005), directed by our Splat Pack friend, Neil Marshall, who is also a great talent, but of course.) But coming back to this "Descent", the NC-17-rated (uh-oh) bet that the lovely Mrs Dawson takes on a producer's credit (congratulations) and directed by Talia Lugacy (strong chance that is not right name), as good as it is (in moments), it will not be appreciated by most lay people out there because the script is wrong. As a producer, you really have to tighten up this script. Of course, in the promise you have promised only rising conflict, but there is still the task of achieving increasing conflict. <br /> <br /> Sometimes this thing plays like an interesting piece of experimental theater and well, I suppose I will let the others who have already commented here speak to its boredom, namely what happens in the other action - but find me another act that is not boring? There is also this Catch 22, which merges with these quasi-independent films like "Descent", where Rosario accidentally attaches and exploits his "fame identity" to get a script for production that under normal circumstances would not be done at all together, while being basically a miscast in the film's leading role. Rosario Dawson is beautiful and you can apparently shoot this girl from almost any angle all day long, but oh, wow-wee, how fast time just slides away: Rosy is no bachelor no more. It is part of the confusion about the manuscript: "Is she a graduate student? A TA? No, graduate students do not really have this type of nausea with football players, do they?" Again, if you are Rosario Dawson, Executive Producer, it is one of many, many aspects to the professional movie process that you will have to consider when you begin this wonderful new role in your movie career. And if you haven't answered why you're a movie, don't be convincing, let me tell you: there is a boatload and a host of lively, well-qualified, primary school-age talents that seem to be involved in the business that may have nailed the lead character down all the time and look just as good as you know who; but unfortunately without mrs. Dawson-no treasure, no money. I have to say that the camera department did an excellent job, but because this movie is really well shot (ie lit) in all its gloomy / dreamy darkness. The nightclub scene looks wonderful; one can tell all the music videos that start paying off and the game over time ... The shooting / framing is all pretty excellent, making the picture a rewarding watch. <br /> <br /> "Descent" is not great. But I have a feeling, thanks to NetFlix, this movie will find its own life. I hope this group continues to make movies. If you are in experimental American film making, filmographic imaging is of incredibly well-formed college studs (or male model releases) in their early twenties, or if you're a bachelor, just get angry with the hormonally aggressive young men who include less than half of Your American university, "Rosario Dawson's Descent" may be your taste of RockaRoll.
