I rented this movie simply because Rosario Dawson was in it. I sat down to see it with my friend and 6 minutes in we were glued to our seats. Not because of any intensity for the 6 minutes, but because it was a real movie. No Hollywood BS, no explosions, no corny one liners; movie. It slowly dragged you into a tragic human destiny. Some people think they enjoy movies, but unfortunately they are wrong. They like movies; thoughtless entertainment for the sake of entertainment alone. Michael Bay's Transformers and the like were produced for this particular audience. You don't have to think about people, just look and allow it ever stereotype, we can muster too slowly to dissolve your brain. We will even place ads throughout the movie to keep you buying our products. And don't forget the explosions, we love all explosions. Here we make the distinction, art can be entertaining, but it is also thought-provoking and moving in hidden ways. Entertainment is rarely artificial and even just arbitrary. Movies are entertainment. Descent is a movie. Film is art. <br /> <br /> If you still have a soul within your walking meat saver, this rape scene is as powerful as "irreversible". The distinction here is that "irreversible" was a violent rape scene involving two people whose paths unfortunately are crossed at the wrong time and hell felt. "Descent" is about rape. No less disgusting. No less depraved. Just different. It is about the violation of trust, shyness and the scars that run deep. Had the sign "Maya" agreed, it would have been a hot sex scene. But when she was desperate to escape, the scene is sick. "Jared" is a sick and manipulative serial killer, and it is quite disturbing because it looks so close to a passionate love affair. How could "Maya" ever be close to anyone again when even in the midst of rape her "Jared's" slick lover boy-facade only once suggests slipping? She's broken. <br /> <br /> The movie as a whole is beautiful. The camera's work and lighting sometimes remove the surroundings and focus everything on "Maya" and her silent inner work. All this is achieved by Rosario with facial expressions and gestures. The soundtrack was excellent, a mix of everything. My particular favorite scene is the synchronization of all those film aspects that work together; "Maya" dances in a sea of ​​angry bodies, something in her awakening, becomes aware, everything is set to a beautifully sad Jeff Buckley tune. I don't think I've really spoiled anything here, but I stop before I do. Bottom line, I think it was the best movie from 2007, hands down. Unfortunately, it seems that everyone is so spoiled these days that if you don't have hack and slash, grab rape or key something, then people just can't be bothered. Death is not the worst thing that can happen to you. It is only the last thing that will happen in this existence. The worst thing that happens is never leaving you. They are always in your thoughts. When you shower when you brush your teeth when you buy a Christmas gift when you tie your shoes they haunt you. They haunt you until the last thing releases you. <br /> <br /> Treat yourself. Challenge yourself. Watch this movie.
