There is no director I like more than Mamoru Oshii. But unfortunately, even though he directed a few films that received great international attention, there are still a few of his films that have cracked through. Tachiguishi is one of them, and although I loved it, it is not difficult to see why distributors in the West are reluctant to release it. In between his big and serious films, Oshii is known for making some small and quirky projects. While Tachiguishi certainly falls into this category, Oshii has really surpassed this, creating something that is very difficult to classify, even as a freaky Japanese flick. Go figure. <br /> <br /> At the core is a documentary that is not completely unlike Otaku no Video. But instead of being fooled by an existing subculture, Oshii discovers his own and kills the culinary hero's life, scrounging away food for free and maintaining the Japanese culinary level. Oshii's approach to the subject has close links with Dai-Nipponjin as the subject is handled with a deadly gravity, while the images on the screen look as ridiculous as possible. Deadpan humor taken to the extreme. <br /> <br /> But it's not all, rather than just shooting his mockumentary Oshii decided to do so using a new visual technique dubbed superlivemation. A weird mix of live action, photography, digital animation and popping on a stick. Done and acted out (or asked if you want) of greats by the Japanese animation industry no less, as the project should be as low as possible. <br /> <br /> And if you think it almost covers, the movie is extremely dialogue-heavy, making it a good companion for innocence. The influence of the Faiths is analyzed from all sorts of cultural, political and even philosophical angles fired at the audience through a continuous flow of monologues and dialogues. And to make it even worse, the whole movie is completely grounded in the actual Japanese history and customs, making it even harder for a foreigner to get a good grip on the material. Needless to say, multiple views are recommended to make the most of all the details hidden in the movie. <br /> <br /> Having said that, at a conceptual level, the movie is easy to follow and already quite hilarious. Various greats are introduced as they were the most influential historical figures of the post-war Japan. The movie plays as if you would expect a serious documentary of any other important figure to unfold, but somehow the big and ugly animated carving photographs of which figures are assembled are not quite what makes it seriously. The selection of introduced characters is sublime, Shinji Higuchi takes the cake as a co-creature wearing a nasal ring while taking on the fast food chains with his gang of bulls / humans. Oshii's regular Kenji Kawai provides, in addition to a beautiful comic performance, a score ranging from atmospheric and dark to crazy, strange and comical. A lot of fun is to be heard from exaggerated sounds and effects that complement the animation and completely contradict the tone of the rest of the movie. <br /> <br /> Visually, the movie is very atmospheric, although it has to be said that the animation is rather scarce and at the same time effective, remains toned down, only to jump into hyperactive subterranean times. It is not exactly a bad thing to see how Tachiguishi is so dialogue-heavy. Despite this, the film is still a visual masterpiece, as each frame looks completely lush and tailor-made to match and enhance the overall atmosphere of the movie. Beware, because Tachiguishi requires much of the viewer. If you do not speak Japanese, there is much reading to do, and there are many cultural references that require little attention. On the one hand, the monologues in the film area are quite extended and can be difficult to follow. The film still lacks English subtitles, and although my French was largely sufficient to get what it was all about, I am sure I missed many of the finest points in the movie. Tachiguishi is not light film to enter but about halfway through it reaches full steam and it does not escape from there. I still hope to see this again with English or Dutch subs. A dub would actually be the best for a movie like this (like Container), though I think a quality anime dub is a bit too much to ask for. <br /> <br /> With all that being said, I can only congratulate Oshii on another wonderful movie. It is rare to find a movie that mixes and blends so many styles and influences to create something that is so unique and still works. The film is smart, looks and sounds good and is filled to the surface with creativity. It's incredibly fun, though you can't catch every detail of the first impression. But be sure to at least get this with decent subordinates, as the automatic English translation that flows out there is completely worthless and does not make the film fair at all. <br /> <br /> Tachiguishi caters to a very specific audience and I'm not surprised that the French got their release while the rest of Europe (and the rest of the western world) is still waiting for a sign on this movie. But for those who like Oshii, appreciate dry and soft humor and need creative spirits, it's a movie that can't be missed, even though it might as well be fire. 4.5 * / 5.0 *
