Steven Spielberg (24) had already directed two fantastic episodes of a 1971 series called "The Psychiatrist" starring Roy Thinnes. An episode had been about an emotionally troubled 12-year-old boy, and the other was about a living young man (Clu Gulager in his best performance) dying of cancer. Both episodes were amazing, visually unlike anything else on television, and emotionally complex and adult. The authors of "The Psychiatrist" were Richard Levinson and William Link, who created "Columbo" and also produced their first season. <br /> <br /> Peter Falk insisted on first rank, experienced television directors for the first season of "Columbo", such as Bernard Kowalski and Jack Smight. But Falk agreed with Spielberg after seeing part of the Clu Gulagher episode "Psychiatrist". <br /> <br /> Spielberg says on the DVD of "Duel" that he loved Steven Bochco's script "Murder by the Book" on a levinson / link story) and he tried to make the production look like a million dollars function, even thought he had much less money to work with. <br /> <br /> This episode of "Columbo" is far more visually stylish and makes better use of the audio track and background music than almost any other "Columbo" episode, although the series has always used top executives. Spielberg manages to keep the big Falk and Cassidy from hammering it up too much, but both actors are still very funny. Spielberg also gets fine support from Martin Milner, Rosemary Forsyth and Barbara Colby. All performances have a freshness and vitality about them. The only "Columbo" section that was close to being straightened is the episode "At Dawn's Early Light" with Patrick McGoohan (directed by Harvey Hart). I believe the two episodes of the "psychiatrist" and this episode of "Columbo" suggest that Spielberg has not developed technically as much as director. He was great from the beginning. In a "Combat!" DVD comment from a 1962 episode guest starring Albert Salmi, Robert Altman says the episode was virtually as good as he ever got as an instructor. Perhaps the same applies to Spielberg.
