This was the first television episode in the Columbo series (though it was recorded after "Death Lends a Hand"), and it is one of the most successful television series in history. Jack Cassidy (who played the killer in the series three times) excites ease, arrogance and assertiveness right here, like Ken Franklin, half of a mysterious writing that closes a detailed plot to kill his partner, Jim Ferris (played by Martin Milner ) who decide to end their professional relationship, leave Franklin exposed as just a good publicist rather than a productive writer. The first assassination set is great, and Cassidy's performance makes for an honorable recognition that he was the best Columbo killer in the series. <br /> <br /> Peter Falk is wonderfully underrated in his role as Columbo and the character's intrinsic features and oddities emphasized by an apparent slowness and absence contrast particularly well with Cassidy's character's extreme smugness: one of their early stages Together, as Ken Franklin presents a motive to kill through Jim Ferris's non-existent expedition to identify hitmen operating in the underworld, this illustrates very well. Franklin beckons to Columbo, this potential motive and Columbo (intentionally or unknowingly) fails to unlock and forces Franklin to express his disappointment in a markedly condescending manner and compare him unfavorably with the detective in the books, Mrs Melville. Also remarkable is the early director's contribution of 24-year-old Steven Spielberg. In spite of some elementary camera inclusions shading the actors and actresses, he adds some stylish and detailed details to maintain the general professionalism of the episode. A particularly sharp image is of Jim Feriss's dead body lying on the sofa, almost dark in the foreground, as Ken Franklin raises a glass for him in the background after he finishes answering a phone call to Ferris' distraught wife. I have no doubt that working on a restrictive 10-14 day plan, Spieberg's efforts should not be underestimated. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the event of the second murder has been necessitated by a dismissal scheme designed by a female friend of Franklin's (and ironically called "sloppy" by Columbo in his climatic summary). of it all. The forefront of the screen has been compromised, and the screen time between Falk and Cassidy inevitably diminishes at this point, perhaps to help the scriptwriter (Stephen Bocho) out of a tight corner as he cannot develop the story without another murder. <br /> <br /> The climate is the most disappointing aspect of this episode. The original bias and exchange of words between Falk and Cassidy is done vigorously and effectively, but it merely announces the fact that it should have happened more in the episode. The greatest aggravation lies with the sealing thought (if it can be called as a clue): Cassidy's character so far is ambiguity and arrogance unbelievably exhibited by a clue that really does little to bring about its guilt. And when this is mentioned, he surrenders in a rather unspecified and uncharacteristic manner. All in all, a bold opening to the series, which inevitably announces and predicts everything that is good about Columbo, and vice versa, is the problems associated with such ingenuity, ie. to maintain high standards and, in particular, to create a credible and appropriate intelligent end.
