Being Beatlemaniac, as I am, nurtured two of us with a combination of fear and fascination. Having seen 'In his life: John Lennon Story', I was totally worried that To Of Us is not getting better. The fact that Aidan Quinn and Jared Harris look absolutely nothing like John Lennon and Paul McCartney? even with some make-up and proper hairdos ?? did not help a bit. <br /> <br /> But I was more than a little pleasantly surprised. It is probably thanks to the involvement of Michael Lindsay-Hogg, who instructed Let It Be in 1970 and consequently, John and Paul knew quite well that the characters and dialogue came across as convincing as they did. (The written credit of Two Of Us is given to a man named Mark Stanfield, whom I absolutely do not know; I feel confident that Director Lindsay-Hogg had more than anything to do with the script.) Two of us are not a biography of the Beatles; It has very little plot in fact and takes place in a day in New York City. What it does is imagine a meeting between John and Paul in 1976 while John lived in New York. That meeting is completely fictitious, of course? Although it really cannot be disputed that such a meeting actually took place. But through the imagined conversation it gives us an insight into the personalities of these two great musicians ?? their intelligence, their sense of humor, their different reaction to the star and most of all their relationship; what made them a good team and what broke them up? <br /> <br /> As it is a talk film, it is not much, except for the two-character dialogue in half and half an hour of Beatles fans but it is a fantastic piece of writing and storytelling, and it is both informative and touching. For those interested in these two musical giants, you will quickly come across the shock of different actors watching from their peers and feeling that John and Paul had come to life? so intimate and convincing is the manuscript, and so engaged are the actors. Two of us give you invaluable insight into the life of two geniuses, and a tale that is both sad and fun. Definitely recommended.
