The quintessential Georgian film by Georgi Danelia, Ne goryuy (1969) aka Do not Grieve, is loosely based on the novel by French author Claude Tillier (1801-1844) "Moms Uncle Benjamin" The novel takes place on the country side of the 18th Century france The great French revolution is still ahead, but some of its stormy signs are present in society. Benjamin, the local doctor is a soul in a community, the educated, friendly and democratic person who often treats the poor free of charge. It makes him very popular with the locals, but certainly does not help with his bank account. He is in love with a beautiful manette, who also loves him, but is closely monitored by his father, who called his daughter "his little capital" and is determined to protect his virginity until the time of the marriage contract ... I have never read the book, and from the description it sounds like a charming very French novel, but I am fascinated by the results of moving the characters and some platinum elements from the 18th Century France to the early 20th century Georgia-Grusiya . I would think it was Danelia who came up with all the colorful memorable characters that feel so much at home in his homeland Georgia-Grusiya, the country of long and wonderful traditions, including art of making and drinking wine, rarely music talent as all Georgians seem to possess, very unique humor and high code of honor. When we watched the movie last night with my husband, he said, a good example of an art film, and I agree with him. Not Grieve is a perfect art movie, visually beautiful, deep but fun, sometimes sad and philosophical, but never in a praggy arrogant way, but optimistic, celebrating life with all its beauty and sorrow, full of interest, loving irony and understanding of its a little eccentric but very human character. What's most important, the movie is warm and gentle, it doesn't look down on its viewers as some of the art images do. You don't have to be a movie movie to love it, live with it, smile and sigh it, to follow the kind-hearted young doctor Benjamin (first role in a Danelia movie of famous songs and actress Wachtang Kikabidze with whom Danelia wanted continue to make two more movies, including one of my all-time favorites, Mimino) on his journey through Georgia's roads and mountains. Or to be a guest of a party where friends gather to celebrate the life of Old Doctor Levan, who would be a guest of his own waking, to hear what his friends should say about him when he dies while he is still alive and who can choose what color he prefers for his coffin. When I watched the movie, I thought it was a kind of movie that Federico Fellini might have wanted. I was not at all surprised to find the article about Danelia, where he is called Fellini's number one director. I also found out that, according to Danelia, the famous Soviet directors, Leonid Gaiday (creator of many beloved comedies) and Sergei Paraszhanov (the visionary I do not need to introduce, loved another Danelia's movie, adventure about the American boy Huck Finn, Sovsem propashchiy) felt and spoke negatively if not make sure while Fellini praised it loudly. I dare to go a little further and just guess that Maestro Fellini might have remembered some pictures and the aura and atmosphere of Do Not Sorrow as he made Amrarcord in 1973. Just a thought, because there is something important that links both films. Both artists came back to their roots, to the places they love deeply, to the people they remembered, loved, and wanted to honor. Both films have many smiles through their tears. Both are art films that would come directly to viewers. Both are masterpieces. <br /> <br /> I think I'll add Georgi Danelia to the list of my favorite directors. He has made some of the brilliant images in my most favorite genre of dramedy, even tragicomedies that are fun and bitterly sweet, sharp and subtle, earthly and uplifting, gentle and shiny. When I looked at the list of movies he wrote / directed, he was amazed that he didn't make a single bad movie since he started back in 1960 with the award-winning story of a young boy, Seryozha. Many of Danelia's films are among my favorites as I am sure they are among his legions of fans. The man behind 'Seryozha, Sovsem propashchiy (1972), an adaptation of Mark Twain Huckleberry Finn's Adventures, 33, Ya Shagayu Po Moscow (1964) aka Walking the Streets of Moscow, Ne goryuy (1969) aka Do not mourn, Afonya ( 1975), Mimino (1977), Osenniy Marafon (1979) aka Autumn Marathon or Sad Comedy, which is a very appropriate title for this movie as well as for the entire genre that Danelia practically invented, and the cult favorite for over 20 years Kin-Dza- Dza (1986) is brilliant and deserves our true love and true gratitude for the unforgettable moments of cinematic happiness.
