WWE needed a savior like Wrestlemania 14 rolled around. The departure of Bret Hart and subsequent evaporation of the Hart Foundation had left the Vile D-Generation X staff unsolicited in WWE. Their despicable leader Shawn Michaels had stolen the title from Hart thanks to the involvement of Vince McMahon, and with the help of his cohorts, Triple H and Chyna had systematically taken out all who challenged his supremacy. But at the royal rumble a new competitor had come. Stone Cold Steve Austin. Hated by McMahonagement, Austin DX had concerns. So actually worried that they had attracted the help of "The Baddest Man on the Planet", Mike Tyson as a special enforcer. Austin wanted the odds firmly against him in his title fight with Shawn Michaels. <br /> <br /> But first there was a sub-card to get through that kicked with the Legion of Doom and win a forgettable 15 team match Royal to become No. 1 rivals for the roof titles. I had actually forgotten that this match existed until I rewatched PPV. Not very good and really highlighted the lack of depth in the roof division during that period. <br /> <br /> Next fight saw the title Light Heavyweight defense by Champion Taka Michonoku against Aguila. WWE had established Light Heavyweight Title to compete with the strong Cruiserweight Division of WCW. It was not successful, and that was the only time the title was defended at Wrestlemania. Short fight that goes about five minutes and actually too short too much to be achieved. How little they did was exciting, and it was a nice little match that looked back with the title. <br /> <br /> OK, our next match saw DX member Triple H defending the WWE European title, which he won in farcical fashion from Shawn Michaels at RAW in December and did not defend at PPV, against Owen Heart, Sole Survivor. Triple H got a big entrance with the DX band there to perform its theme song. Chyna followed Triple H to ringside, but was then handcuffed to WWE commissioner Sgt Slaughter. Triple H and Owen have a nice little fight before Chyna interfered with a low blow on Hart, leading to Triple H, which retains the title. Good fight, could have been good if it was a little longer. <br /> <br /> But of course we would not take time away from our next match, so real life husband and wife Marc Mero and Sable defeat Goldust and Luna Vachon in the first mixed tag match at Wrestlemania for 8 years . And, honestly, it wasn't worth the wait. Although not terrible, the fight was by no means memorable either. This was nearing the end of Mero's only run in WWE, and the main purpose was to continue the dissolution of his relationship with Sable. Next time we saw Ken Shamrock out and cost the Intercontinental Championship when he destroyed the IC Champion The Rock, but then refused to let go of his ankle lock submission team, resulting in the referee turning his decision. This was a short game but decent for what it was. Next saw the first good game of the night when WWE Tag Team Champions, New Age Outlaws, lost their titles to Cactus Jack and Chainsaw Charlie in a fun dumpster match. The decision was overturned the following night, as cactus and chainsaw had thrown Outlaws into a dumpster backstage, rather than the one used in the fight, but this was still a fun game. <br /> <br /> Now it was time for the much anticipated first meeting between Kane and his brother Undertaker. Kane had cost the Undertaker WWE Championship at Royal Rumble and then "killed" him when he helped Shawn Michael's lock Undertaker in a coffin and set him on fire as a revenge for Undertaker burning their parents' house and leaving him terribly horrified years before. This was a decent fight and told a good story when Underataker absorbed everything Kane could throw at him and then knocked him out with three tombstones to finish the match. <br /> <br /> This left only the most important event that saw WWE Champion face Steve Austin with Mike Tyson as guest's enforcer. Michaels had suffered a debilitating back injury in his fight with Undertaker at Royal Rumble and was remarkable in this fight despite his physical limitations. Triple H and Chyna were banished in the back in the early hours after interfering with the outside. The fight ended with Austin ducking an attempt at Sweet Chin Music and hitting Stone Cold Stunner with ref down. TYson then came into the ring to count the three, celebrating the winner with Austin and then knocking Michaels out after the match. It turned out that Tyson and Austin were together and the cat had been playing with the mouse all the time. <br /> <br /> It was the last PPV fight for Shawn Michaels for four and a half years. It helped establish Austin as the biggest star in the mining industry, and the general public created by Tyson's appearance turned out to be a crucial turning point in WWE's struggle with WCW. Austin would continue to be the largest star in WWE History and, along with Rock, Mick Foley, Undertaker and Triple H, lead WWE throughout the period when they would achieve their highest cultural relevance. And it all started here at Wrestlemania 14.
