This movie works because it feels so real. The story is simple and realistic, capturing perfect joys and concerns of youth love and sexuality that most of us experienced in our teens. The actors are as natural as characters in a documentary, but are as convincing and as charismatic as experienced artists. The dialogue is fresh and honest ... and fortunately not filled to the surface with cutesy pop culture references. The cinematography is also angry and beautiful, making the Lower East Side setting alive in a very tangible way. <br /> <br /> On an artistic level, I love this movie because it reminds me of a great Italian neo-realm movie like The Bicycle Thief and La Strada. Movies rarely feel like "right" as it does ... or as Bicycle Thief did. And the only other movie I've seen that treats teenagers' sexuality with the same degree of seriousness is Elia Kazan's Splendor in the Grass. Author / director Peter Sollett deserves great praise. This movie is quite an achievement. <br /> <br /> On a personal level, I am always happy to see a movie dealing with members of ethnic America with love and respect. As Italian-Americans, I hate the way my own people come to the cinema (like racist, female, criminal geniuses in annoying popular epics), and my aggravation of this counter makes me acutely sensitive to other groups and their horrible silver screen representations. In particular, the Ascites and Asians see curses playing villains in western and action films. (Good thing Gong Li did not try to become famous in America!) Of course, thanks to the rise of indie pictures and the influence of Miramax, we see a few more pictures about ethnic characters here and there ... but raising Victor Vargas is easy one of the best. While I really like my Big Fat Greek Wedding, it is a refreshing change that Raising Victor Vargas plays straight (with less exaggerated and broadly drawn characters) while still being very fun in itself. Finally! Latino characters worth noting. I have a feeling that this is a movie that is remembered. Of course, as he has now made this wonderful image of a family from the Dominican Republic, I hope Peter Sollett will come around to make a movie about Italians soon! :) - Marc DiPaolo
