This is a movie that had removed me so far, but now that I have seen it, it is one of the most important items in the noir style. As usual with the DivX format, the view was far from ideal ?? marred by occasional video and (mostly) sound errors ?? but considering that the movie is still not available on R1 DVD, it must be done at the moment. Since the film's reputation is quite high within the genre itself, I assume that the reason for this oversight is because it does not have a well-known actor at the forefront. In any case, the delayed entrance to the movie's nominal star is ?? Franchot Tone ?? packs a wallop right (especially as he turns out to be the villain of the first)! Tone was an underrated actor ?? he rarely got fleshy roles, and it may well be his best (making his paranoia both fascinating and credible dangerous). The female lead ?? Ella Raines, who would later work in BRUTE FORCE (1947) and Siodmak's own THE SUSPECT (1944) and UNCLE HARRY (1945) CRIMINAL MATTERS ?? is very nice and takes the role of the distracted secretary to prove that her convicted boss (Alan Baxter) is innocent of his wife's brutal murder. Other key supporting parts are prepared by Thomas Gomez as the original bullying, but ultimately sympathetic police investigators, and Elisha Cook Jr. ?? the genre is quintessential falling guy ?? as a meandering "ladies" man of a percussionist. <br /> <br /> Like BRUTE FORCE's Jules Dassin was Siodmak at this time of his career and this movie is certainly beneficial to his amazing direction? ? all tilted angles and amazing set pieces, including the fairly famous jazz sequence, where Cook manic turns on his drums in a sexual frenzy caused by the dull Raines (who does an action to get his attention and eventually run him to admit that he withheld evidence of the investigation that could spring her departing lover from prison). Another great, long-lasting order is the one where Raines follows a bartender (another cooperative witness) around New York Street? which results in him being knocked down by a car! <br /> <br /> Also, the experimental sequence is ?? which is fully depicted through the audience's reaction, then judge, jury, witnesses and D.A. is never actually seen (though the judge's voice is recognizable that veteran character actor Samuel S. Hinds). The main point of the film is the scene in which Gomez and Tone discuss the character of the criminal involved, with the inspector's closure of the latter as mentally insane, giving the original alley Tone "dizzy spells". The exciting climax finds Raines alone with Tone in her apartment, where she discovers signs of her guilt? and he admits having had an affair with Baxter's wife, but killed her when she would not lose her husband for him. <br /> <br /> By the way, I hit a little deaf in the movie: while History is clearly set in 1943, I noticed that in the taxi house runs toward the beginning of the movie ?? where Alan Curtis accompanies the titular lady to the theater ?? The New York original shot (which clearly contains stock footage) has a distinctive, promotional Laurel and Hardy's 1938 musical comedy, SWISS MISS! Incidentally, the famous mystery writer Cornell Woolrich wrote the original novel on which this was based using a pseudonym.
