Alan Curtis has a loud, violent-sounding argument with his wife, knocking out of his apartment, having an evening drinking with a mysterious lady with a big hat in a bar (run by Andrew Tombes, in a nice crook for a change), and returning to find his wife's death and the police, led by Thomas Gomez waiting for him. His attempt to prove his alibi - that he was with the mysterious lady - falls because everyone he can think of (Tombes, Elis Cook) claims there was never such a person. He ends up with no alibi, even though his secretary (who secretly loves him) Ellen Raines believes him. The conviction of a trial awaits the death sentence. Raines begins to go after the truth and discover that Gomez has some doubts about his own. She also finds an ally in a friend of Curtis, Franchot Tone, who apparently was out of town in the night of the crime. Will she clear Curtis in time? PHANTOM LADY is based on a novel by William Irish (the great noir writer Cornell Woolrich). As film fans know from other works by Woolrich (LEOPARD MAN, NIGHT HAS A THOUSAND EYES, BAG WINDOW, NO MAN OF HER OWN), one cannot assume what is true on the surface anywhere. The missing wife of a seller cannot actually be upstate, send him messages as she arrived if he still has her jewelry. The mentalist can really be able to predict tragedy - or was he planning the murder of his old partner, now an oil millionaire? Has a leopard killed the young women, or is the well-run residence in the city actually hiding some guilty knowledge? Is the young woman who claims to be the wife of a brother killed in a train wreck, actually a fraudster? Here is Raines and Gomez (with an assistant of Tone) trying to prove that Curtis saw a woman no one would admit to seeing - and if he saw her, why can't anyone else remember to see her? The problem with the story is really Curti's personality - he gives too easily when he is found guilty of the crime he did not commit. In fact, anyone who is innocent will scream it for the moment they are executed. However, to defend Curtis collapse, it also happens to other people in various films: Gary Cooper, in MR. THAT GOES TO BY, then gets disgusted with the framing he gets as a delusion and angry with Douglas Dumbrille and his minions that he doesn't defend himself until the people who want to rely on his help shout their fears in the courtroom and recharge his sense of responsibility. But Curtis just seems to give up. Under normal circumstances, Raines, Gomez and everyone else would not like Curtis. <br /> <br /> But the film survives this weakness. The slowly elevated lie of witnesses overthrown by the real killer allows two sets of pieces to Raines with a grave on a desolate elevated platform and Elisha Cook on a jazz session. Gomez turns out to be more conspicuous than the villain expects him to double-watch his alibi again. And the villain manages to hold slightly ahead of Raines and Gomez until the final minutes of the movie. If it's not as well a movie as DOUBLE DAMAGE or POSTMAN NEVER RING TWICE or MALTESE FALCON, it stays pretty well until the moment Curtis and Raines are reunited at the end.
