This noir may not be the best-remembered movie from the era, but it has a fantastic mystery image, the common noir atmosphere and some good performances from its lesser-known cast members. Robert Siodmak, the talented director behind the mystery / horror classic 'The Spiral Staircase', instructed this film two years earlier than the aforementioned film and shows a true flair to create a dark and exciting atmosphere and create a plot that intrigues and fascinates the viewer . Phantom Lady focuses on Scott Henderson; a man married to a woman he does not like. He picks up a lady in a big hat in a bar one night, and the two agree on a "no strings attached" night of fun. He returns home to find his apartment damaged by police officers and quickly finds out that the reason they are there is because his wife has been smothered with one of his neck ties! He is horrified to find that no one saw him while the mysterious woman can remember her, and the jury of course sends him to the murder of his wife. But fortunately for him, his beautiful female employee becomes involved ... The plot moves together nicely throughout, and unlike many of the better-known noirs, this has a few murders that make the case more interesting. In fact, if it wasn't for the fact that it was made in the eighties and shot in black and white, I would swear Phantom Lady was an Italian Giallo! The key characters are all interesting enough, with Alan Curtis giving a good portrayal of the unfortunate victim, and Ella Raines is effective as the female improvised detective. The actual exhibition of the film, however, is the Franchot Tone, which gives a memorable performance as the insane villain of the piece. The film also has a role to play in supporting the actor, extraordinary Elisha Cook Jr, who plays drums in the movie's most memorable segment. If I were to criticize this movie, I would say that the killer's identity is revealed a little too early - although the Phantom Lady deserves some credit on the front for the original way it goes about it. The conclusion is satisfactory and everything makes sense (which is great considering the unlikely plot line) and generally Phantom Lady is probably one of the largest and most under seen noirs ever made!
