I rated this movie 7/10, which is an average of 8/10 for manuscript, direction and 1944 production values ​​and 6/10 for acting. My play was again calculated for 4/10 for all screen characters except for what played by heroine Ella Raines as Carol Richman, who was excellent at 8/10. I also recommend Thomas Gomez as Inspector Burgess, whose character convinces that he personally do not believe that the guilty verdict on Scott Henderson (Alan Curtis) was just in the light of his naive alibi .These two form an alliance to prove Scotts alibi. <br /> <br /> I have this movie on a "Suevia Film Noir Cine Negro" DVD in Spanish as "La Dama Desconocida" with the original soundtrack "Ingles" as an alternative language, since I do not search could find a completely english version. However, I was eager to see another performance by Ella Raines after being impressed with her performance as a heroine in "Impact" who played a single female garage owner. Here Ella performs another heroic role of believing in her engineer's chief innocence and denies several suggestions that she should return to her home in Kansas (her boss's pet name for her) before solving the missing alibi. The fact that she is secretly in love with her boss is a little hard to believe, as he formally just seemed to have had a formal business relationship with her. However, he had designed children's homes and playgrounds, so I assume that "family man" was enlightened in Carol's brain. In the 1940s with the "movie code" in operation, the producers could only depict sex through metaphors, and here it is done in the form of furious drum games played by Elisha Cooke jnr. Carol even pops up as a girl with easy virtue in an attempt to lure drummer into giving her information on "The Phantom Lady" alibi. The other protagonist, Jack Marlow (an associate of Scott Henderson) played by Franchot Tone, whose performance I found theatrical and wondered why, for example, Carol did not notice him constantly and Strang ely admires his hands.Here the script should have improved and given more excitement as these theatrical moves telegraphed the plot too early to the audience.
