The goal of a James Bond game is to make the player feel like he is fulfilling an ultimate fantasy: Step into the shoes of agent 007. "FRWL" gets closer to this goal than any other game, this time you control the real James Ribbon. No offense to Pierce Brosnan who made a great Bond and borrowed his voice and similarity to "EON" but Sean Connery was the original James Bond and there will never be anyone coming close to his level of cool. <br /> <br /> At the moment, like many others who have gone through this game, I have to say that Sean's 70-year-old voice does not fit his 30-year-old on-screen image, and it takes a while But it's certainly worth it. He makes lines like "Bond James Bond" and "Shaken, not stirred" for a big deal again. But controlling Sir Sean when he takes on the evil organization called OCTOPUS is, as Bond said in "Octopussy", "tipacle's tip". The game's awesomeness begins with the opening gun barrel. It's the original gun barrel from the movies. Then you take on the first mission, rescued the prime minister's hottie blonde daughter from terrorists in parliament, and everything from cars to clothing is completely retro. The game world is truly the world of the original James Bond, right down to the classic rock-n-roll rendition of the James Bond theme, which finally plays in a central moment late in the game, as Bond infiltrates a secret factory. <br /> <br /> After the game's opening, the plot faithfully follows the ground in the movie "FRWL." James Bond is sent to Turkey to collect a Lecturer unit from a Russian cipher clerk claiming she is in love with him. In Turkey, Bond stands up with beloved sidekick Kerim Bey. Bond must pick up the unit, protect the girl in distress and get both safely back to London. Bond screenwriter Bruce Feirstein worked on the script and he has done a good job of making the game the same, but different from the movie. The characters from the movie have all been well restored, but some are better than others. The impersonators voicing villains Rosa Klebb and Red Grant are scary. And there is a moment early in the game where you interact with a Miss Moneypenny, M and Q, which everyone sees and behaves like they did in the original Sean Connery 007 movies. <br /> <br /> What sets this game miles ahead of the other Bond games beyond Sir Sean's voice and equality are two notable features in the game. One is Bond's focus. While you can send sheds by simply locking them with a button and killing them with the other, an extra button press will allow you to zoom in closer to a target and choose between spots Bond would shoot at, such as a grenade that is Attached to a belt that will send an enemy and a pair of his friend or a rappel cord that will cause a suspended enemy to jump to his death. The other notable feature is stealth and mêlée kills. When you're close enough, just hit a button to knock down an enemy with the cruel brutality that only Sean Connery's James Bond showed. <br /> <br /> Sean Connery's Bond was mainly dependent on his raw humor and talent so you have few gadgets, but they are good. Q-copter is a remote control helicopter that can self-destruct and explore areas. Bond cannot reach, as Q-spider in "EON", only better. The classic laser clip is useful not only for entering enclosed spaces but sending enemies when you don't have other weapons available. Sonic cufflinks and a serum gun are the most fun to play with, but you have to experience them yourself. In addition to gadgets, you can dress Bond in a variety of retro costumes found during the game, including the gray suit from the movie, the standard black tuxedo, a retro stealth suit and the classic white tuxedo, all similar to each other when Sir Sean had them in the movies. As you drive in the game, you drive Aston Martin DB5 straight out of "Goldfinger." It may not turn invisible, but it has a gadget for popping tires like in the movie. And when you don't fly down the streets of Istanbul in the "Goldinger" car, you can fly through the air in the Thunderball jet package. <br /> <br /> There is a multi-player. Of course, it should be compared to the standard of the "GoldenEye" game and it fails. You can also only play Bond villains instead of Bond himself or the other heroes in the game. But the multi-player is entertaining and a decent bonus as one player campaign alone makes it impossible to play the game. The basic game has other errors. Some of the movie's most exciting moments, especially the Gypsies' shooter, Bond's fight with Red Grant on the Orient Express, and a confrontation between Bond and Rosa Klebb's leafy shoes, have not done justice in game form. And the game is a fast-paced game, even in the most difficult difficulty. But overall, this game is the best James Bond experience so far.
