I'm not a fan of a particular movie genre. I only classify movies as industrial or non-industrial. Valentine is the second industrial film by director Jamie Blanks, after his Urban Legends. Unlike Urban Legends, the manuscript and story line are very weak. Once again, unlike Urban Legends, the basic elements of the movie are dashing and iconic, and that is what makes Valentine the best. <br /> <br /> As the first basic and iconic element, the growing hatred of the serial killer is so down to earth. Since his colleges he has grown up with his wounds, he had accumulated in his soul against his classmates who made fun of him. When you concentrate enough on this first element while watching the movie, you will see this view of humanism: "No one is absolutely good or evil. In fact, one known as evil may be secretly kind hearted." Just because the history line and the direction are very weak, we are not as happy as we deserved. <br /> <br /> Of course, the other iconic element is the magnificent clash of the late 90's superstars: My favorite is Jessica Cauffiel, who is killed in the coolest way of being killed. An arrow shot from a bow throws on the stomach and sticks in while she secretly plays with her blind date, never able to meet. Katherine Heigl is the first starlet to be killed in a biology lab while trying to hide under human body models lying on the operating tables. Denise Richards is killed third while she has just found a Valentine's Day gift for her in a hot tub. Jessica Capshaw is eventually killed in a confidential and invisible way, so she is calumniated for being a serial killer. Marley Shelton is the most sinister, with a beauty, to be killed in the most confidential way we will never know because the film is being stopped before she is killed. Finally, Benita Ha is the luckiest when she was not a classmate of serial killer David Boreanaz. <br /> <br /> The third and final iconic element is the soundtrack from the blind date maze scene, Valentines Day celebration at Dorothy's house scenes and ultimately killing themes. Everyone has loved the soundtrack as far as I know. Hard Rock never fits better within a serial killer-mystery movie.
