If I had been familiar with the stage production of Guys and Dolls before I saw the movie, I might not be as happy with what I am. Even though I was fair enough in the film production because of my general worship of both Brando (for his plays) and Sinatra (for his voice, even though he is also an actor, see Manchurian candidate or from here to eternity.) As for some of the other reviewers' opinions on the songs, I have the Broadway soundtrack, and although Isabel Bingley's voice separates it from Jean Simmons, it's no more comfortable. I find it to have a rather sharp quality. Jean Simmon's voice is much more realistic, though not always a major concern in musicals. Also the only time I particularly noticed Marlon Brando's particularly weak vocal register was during his reproduction of "Luck Be A Lady" and only there because I was previously familiar with Sinatra's version. I also find Vivian Blaine's voice to be much more comfortable in the movie than it is on Broadway. And Sinatra's voice alone would be able to redeem all the others if they really needed redemption. (They were not) It is infinitely better than Sam Levene's, especially in my favorite song, 'Sue Me'. <br /> <br /> I also ask the complaint that many songs were omitted from the movie for child songs. 'A Bushel and a Peck' is hardly a gem, and the song that has replaced it, 'Pet Me Poppa' and the associated performance is more Hot Box material. I don't care about 'Marry the Man Today' and am delighted with what it was not in the movie. I love 'I have never been in love before' and even though it was not sung in the movie, the instrumental version can be heard when Nathan is in Adelaide's dressing room. The song 'A Woman I Love' expresses the same feeling as well and probably in a range that both stars could reach more capable. And the movie wouldn't be the same without the song 'Adelaide' that wasn't included on Broadway. In fact, if the movie soundtrack was for sale, I'd recommend buying it instead of Broadway. Although I have not seen the original production, I cannot imagine that the play would be superior to the movie's lead actors. <br /> <br /> The important thing is that the story is as charming as ever, and the actor and son GS don't make it any less.
