I will not try to wonder what Brando was trying to do. At best, he turns to such oddball achievements and insists so many things at once that it doesn't seem to do as much as playing an involuntary instinct. Often, it seems that he is aware of a favored aspect of his character over everyone else, a concentration that succeeds in showing some of a red herring, as he appears more subtle, cleverer than at first. This is a mastery of artifice, not naturalism, which may be associated with the method. Sky Masterson's role, which Mankiewicz so wonderfully realized, seems tailor-made to him who must begin with strange and strange still at the end, for what Brando has done, he has managed to reach a grace perhaps all his own, but a perfect grace - Again, strange, comes from an actor with limited musical ability, never before or after associated with the musical comedy. Jean Simmons, also strangely cast, is not quite as impressive but certainly over just enough, really lovely in the Havana sequence, and never less than enjoyable anywhere. <br /> <br /> And yet ... maybe because the actors are both so focused on what they are doing, and signs of what they are intending for each other, it doesn't seem to be the "Chemistry" was then required more than once. Brando / Sky Masterson and Simmons / Sister Sarah probably feed each other well enough, but I for one does not look any more than that. In a movie, this is quite dazzling and entertaining (and mostly all about it, craftsmanship, just that - dazzling), that the lack seems somewhat tactful and easily overlooked, but so much would depend on true chemistry! One, at least in part, conversion of the characters through such a chemistry would lend something positive to moving to the final scene. As it is, you certainly leave this movie happy, but not really moved, except in a way to reject the authenticity of faith. Note Sister Sarah is married in her missionary uniform, Sky Masterson in his same night-time man-in-town duds rather than wedding tux. And they have changed back to them from their previous scene! <br /> <br /> Funnily enough (it's insightful), the most touching and most serious scene is, I think, between Brando and Vivian Blaine, as Sinatra / Nathan Detroit's doll, Adelaide, the only scene where these two are only together, not least because there is nothing good between them, even though it is in Adelaide's changing rooms, while Adelaide is changing. Although one has to submit there is no room for it, Sky is really the type of "checking out" Adelaide in such circumstances. He's even there to tell Adelaide. Nathan won't meet her to elope. Adelaide and Sky are both true in their respective ways to Nathan, even piteous of him, as evidenced by a tone in their exchange. Adelaide is, of course, also frustrated and disappointed, but her anger is softened by her deeper feelings for Nathan when Sky commits her to not loving a man and then wishing him to be someone else. <br /> <br /> Guys and Dolls is another ride in the sex game, about themes of game and salvation. Since both the compulsive gambler and the seeker of salvation are more or less subconsciously driving despair, there can only be a dark secret intentionally behind Brando's and Simmon's lack of chemistry. After all, this deficiency may well signify an excess of narcissistic shooting (the echo of the Sinatra / Blaine mating, although significantly less self-deception is involved), which could explain Brando's and Simmons' strange, rather provocative, interpretations of Sky Masterson and Sister Sarah. I am aware that Simmons most can depict colds and skepticism, but Brando, although playing to confront her, is not exactly heated and eager, and more than keeping the distance - he is also assimilating it and keeping his balance through it. His unconsciousness is simply playing against her - going to Cuba, kissing what it takes - but he is actually not winning by seducing her as much as beating her in her own peat. This can be wise, as playing for zeal can be the only way to get to the missionary and through. But it makes Sky's transition from just trying to win a bet to actually miss Sarah Brown a little less than convincing. But why does he want her? What does love in Sky mean? I find the only way to bypass this by actually accepting that his humanity has kicked in and that he will not end up with a simple cad against Sister Sarah so he does what he has promised her to deliver the sins to her prayer meeting does well with her "marker" as he puts it as a way to win her when it seems that he has already won only to lose her. But it is more and more independent concern than anything else. However, it also allows Sarah Brown's own restraint, as Sky will place the missionary in her to return to the lover. Neither at least does it seem to change much of their union except perhaps in the reception of the other. Nevertheless, it seems to be anything but a badly troubled suggestion: Accepting is still a cry away from gaining happiness in the other, let alone the transcendence that each one seems to imply by "chemistry". And behind all this I suspect that Mankiewicz is fully aware. <br /> <br /> For all those who might say, in defense of Guys and Dolls, it can't be much expected from musical depths, I need only remind them Cabaret, The Three-Penny Opera, Carousel, a Star is born, even the sound of music that I don't care about (and one can continue to add to this list without even reaching for post-cabaret musicals), everything wraps beautiful music and dances for grim anxiety.
