It would be easy to call Guys and Dolls. It has Frank Sinatra and Marlon Brando (and unlike Sinatra's original wishes, the foundry works), it has a really cool 1950's feel, though it is essentially accomplished from stage to screen with only a slight interruption. And most of the songs are often very fun and captivating, and are done with the snap and nod to the wonderful escapism that lies in the form itself. If it is not quite as big as some of its ilk, it should be no fault of the filmmaker Joseph L. Mankiewicz. Not all songs click completely, and a little of the dialogue feels like it is being performed to the stage as opposed to movies (it's hard to say at times - Brando and Sinatra stretch the line so often that you have to look carefully to tell when a player to the camera or to the stage, while the actor plays Adele is better at the stage than the screen shot.) The plot is one of the winners that works well during his period, even though you wonder if its influence is stretched like in 1999's She's All That (yes, not quite, but close). A gambler (and 14-year-old fiance), played by Sinatra, wants to host a big-time game, but it says "heat is on," which means the police are on the verge of winning. So he has only one choice to host the game, with a thousand dollar fan. The only way he can get it is through a big-time effort with fellow player Brando, who is set to do a wild job with a missionary. It allows for the predictable twists in history, in the sudden interruption of character's charm, of idiosyncrasies from people from the streets (gangsters and dancers and the "saitn" played by Jean Simmons, who falls for Brando). It is in its basic concept of this whole world of guys and dolls, and how to balance one or the other - of course, without getting married or being compromised. <br /> <br /> Mankiewicz brings a lot of energy, even when you keep quiet with the camera on the subject and his stars are properly reeled in. Hell, even Brando seems great for a musical as he goes beyond being Simply the METHOD actor and show their chops for song and great star quality. The story and the characters gradually fall into what you hope will happen, and that's fine. All we ask for - and what we get - is entertainment in good game, with dialogue and a few songs and dances that bring the house down (my favorites were the number with lady cats at the club, luckily being a Lady, and the two numbers down in Havana, Cuba). ONE-
