A group of model caliber San Francisco women who have been friends since elementary school are suddenly threatened and attacked by someone who sends them bizarre Valentine's Day cards. Who is the killer and why is the killer after them? <br /> <br /> My assessment often changes with subsequent movie viewing - sometimes a bit up, sometimes a bit down. However, I can't remember another movie where my rating has changed as drastically as it has for Valentine. The first time I saw it on its theatrical release, I thought it was pretty awful - I gave it a 4 out of 10, similar to a "F" letter class. I see it for another time last night, I can't remember what it was I didn't like about it. I can only assume that maybe I was in the wrong mood to see it, or maybe I just didn't get it. In any case, I loved it this time and gave it a 9 out of 10 or an "A". It may sound ridiculous to say that I didn't get a movie like this, but there's something to get. Valentine is almost a comedy / horror. Director Jamie Blanks, who was also in charge of 1998's Urban Legend, takes the stereotypical teen horror formula that became so popular in the late 1990s after Scream (1996) and pushes most elements down, making Valentine intentionally cheesy / campy almost to the point of absurdity (where absurdism is a positive stylistic expression). In addition, he gives us a film that is characterized by humorous commentary on romantic relationships. The humor is unusual because it has the same exaggerated fighting tone as teenage horror aspects. Most of the situations in the movie and the villains modus operandi, humorous or not, are tied to the Valentine's Day theme. Many viewers will likely draw points from the movie to its various cliché-sized but incredible scenarios and plot developments. In the light of the above, however, the film is deliberately cliched, relentless and ridiculous. It is as if Blanks is trying (and mostly succeeding) to transcend the typical teenage slasher by mocking / spoofing the convention's genre, while also satirizing eros. It's the attraction to the irony of basing a horror movie on Valentine's Day. It is a discrepancy that is wisely woven throughout the film, and it is the very core of the slash genre, making it the best feed for Valentine's extravagant lampooning. Screaming had a similar goal with its scare material, but it was there that the film was "self-conscious". Valentine's Day is deliberately not self-conscious; viewer should rely on contextual traces for satire. Let some believe that I "read too much" in the movie, it is worth noting that Blanks said in interviews that he "did not just want to do another movie after Urban Legend" and producer Dylan Sellers said he would do something "more adult". Other viewers may be dissatisfied with Valentine's Day deviating so much from his supposed source material, the novel of the same name by Tom Savage. The novel's characters, setting and plot are very different from the movie. Sellers have said, "Though it was a nice book, I didn't think it was the right story for a movie". So instead, the short story, which is very dry and more serious in tone, was used as a launching bag, a motive for creating variations for a horror / thriller story centered on Valentine's Day. While these facts will not help the Purists know the book as the film, it is useful to understand why the film has its divergent plot and attitude. It is probably better to watch the film as an independent unit with a similar theme. <br /> <br /> Blank's direction is impeccably visual. Valentine's Day has a lush look all the way through with complex deep colors, interesting sets and good layout. Blanks are admirable for keeping their villain and attacking scenes not too dark, with clear action. He also leads his actors with aplomb and often catalyzes sloth humorous performances. David Boreanaz, as Adam Carr, is involved in many of the funniest moments. <br /> <br /> While Valentine's Day is no masterpiece, it is a very good scare / thriller movie that seems highly prone to misunderstandings. If you see it expecting something more heavy-in-cheek, you might find yourself appreciating it much more.
