This is a Frank Loesser masterpiece of entertaining lyrics, competent themes and solid construction of those that adapted Damon Runyon material to the musical's "book". What is surprising about the movie is how seamlessly the musicians are streaming from history. Abe Burrows made the book with contributions from Loesser; Michael Kidd was the choreographer and the outstanding artistic direction was contributed by Joseph Wright. The story can be told in two sentences. Nathan Detroit, played by Frank Sinatra, needs money to fund his permanent floating crap game to entertain Big Julie, a Chicago Mob Boss. He asks odds player Sky Masterson, well presented by Marlon Brando, that he cannot get an Salvation Army Girl to go to Havana with him; Masterson wins the bet, saves the mission, falls in love with the girl, gets gamblers and riffs on the crap game to join a service and tells everyone that the lady was impenetrable to her charm - a complete lie. Of course he ends up with the lady; and Detroit marries tall, long-suffering fiancee, Vivian Blaine. Others in the casting include Stubby Kaye, Johnny Silver, Robert Keith, B.S. Scroll like Big Julie, Mobster, Sheldon Leonard, Regis Toomey, Mary Alan Kokanson, Kathryn Givney as Salvation Army Leader, Veda Ann Borg and Jean Simmons as the Lies Salvation Army Girl, Sarah Brown. The famous musical tracks of this award-winning Broadway smash include "Fugue For Tinhorns", "Guys and Dolls", "Luck Be a Lady", "I'll Know", "A Person Could Develop a Cold" and "The Elderly Established Permnanet Floating Crap Game in New York! ". Joseph L. Mankiewicz of "Cleopatra" and "Letter to Three Wives" Fame dishes the case; and the flow of work is very interesting and preserved successfully. He is just as good at getting a nice dialogue, acting and managing such big numbers as "Luck Be Lady", the varied and challenging brawl section, Havana "A Woman in Love" section made for the movie that precedes it , the presentation of the title sang "Guys and Dolls" and "Pet Me, Poppa" in the club where Blaine works. The action is very uneven. Simmons seems wrong for the part at times, Brando goes by with the song and is very good much of the time on instinct, charm and subplay, even in the comedy. scenes. Sinatra is trying hard but is wrong for the role of several reasons like Nathan Detroit; Blaine is a little too theatrical by selling her songs, which she of course sings professionally. Leonard, Toomey, Kaye, Keith and Pulley are doing what is asked and more on all points. The stylized opening and closing is made to work well; All in all, this movie is a triumph for Loesser's gracious and subtle lyrics, for director Mankiewicz as ringmaster, and for the genre of musical self, so much justified in this case. Delightful and very different.
