This musical was not quite what I expected, mostly there were not many scenes between Brando and Sinatra. Based on a Damon Runyon story, I was expecting irony and surprise, one of which was a great one - when we discover that Sinatra's gang has used the Salvation Army office for their crap games while Brando was in Havana with Simmons. If the course also comes in the right moment when Brando brings her back. I really didn't expect much from Brando as a singer, but he surprised me. He wasn't good, but he was just fine in the role. His big number in the sewer, however, with the rest of Sinatra's boys was the only place I felt Brando's voice was weak. He just did not have the power that the great climax required. All in all, I found the scenes between Brando and Simmons to be filled with electricity, something I thought would not happen when we first see Simmons himself and later when we are introduced to Brando in the restaurant with Sinatra trying to pull one on him quickly . It was not until Brando went to his office that the story came to life. <br /> <br /> On the other hand, Frank Sinatra was flat, even his vocal performances. And Vivian Blaine, whom I have never heard of, but I think played the role of Broadway, just seemed to lower the case. The scenes between her and Sinatra were obvious. Her songs also felt the weakest for me both in terms of accelerating history or character. In addition, all the Goldwyn Girls numbers seemed to be shoe-like, right there for the glitz. For example, when Frank meets Brando in the nightclub, we just cut to the stage routine for the cat number - then cut it back to the guys who continue as if there was no dance number at all. When Brando and Simmons were on the screen, I had a good time, but every time we returned to the Sinatra-Blaine story, my interest level fell. <br /> <br /> With regard to the songs, there were some good ones, especially the very first song with Stubby Kaye, Fugue for Tinhorn's number (can do!). It's a good song, and it reminded me of the very first song in The Music Man - Cash for the Merchandise ... no matter what it's called. And the number in the sewer - I couldn't help but be reminded of "Cool" from West Side Story - which brings me to a point. I really didn't like the art direction in this movie. The fake Times Square was just as completely false, it drew attention to itself. Same for the Havana sequence, and especially the sewer. I realize back in 1955 most musicals were shot on sets, but things changed - carousel, for example, made great use of location photography. Even at Town Shot scenes in Mahattan in 1949. At the time we arrived at West Side Story in 1961, it is a prerequisite that things happening in Manhattan should actually be shot in Manhattan. So, by comparison, Guys and Dolls set-bound Manhattan felt dated and more than a little too sweet. And changing Lindys to Mindys - should they really do it for legal reasons? Now I always thought that Guys and Dolls was a musical about Sinatra and Brando and their adventures with different girls. It was much more focused than what is to its credit. In this respect, it is much better than Les Girls, who was interesting in itself, but had some basicity for it. <br /> <br /> My only major complaint about Guys and Dolls and I don't know if this is endemic to the original stage show, but when Jean Simmons realizes that Brando never took money for a bet he made with Sinatra And even said he lost the bet, she just runs to find him and we cut for the wedding. It seems to me a scene between Brando and Simmons would have added the impact of history. Seeing Brando come around when she came to him would have been a great scene. There is such a scene in The Music Man (SPOILERS AHEAD) when Harold and Marion have the duet while waiting for her to change. She's upstairs in her house, he's down on the sidewalk. He sings 76 Trombones. She sings Goodnight My Someone. They suddenly change and sing each other's songs - a beautiful way to convey their crosses to each other. It's an emotionally high moment in the movie. Still, Guys and Dolls had a lot for it.
