I am fascinated by the strong sense of favor against (or sympathy for!) Sinatra in the other reviews here. I have read elsewhere that Sinatra never seems to have forgiven anyone for not being thrown as Sky Masterson. <br /> <br /> So, who wouldn't be thrown like Sky Masterson? ?? That's a big part: the charismatic successful player who makes a serious mistake when he allows himself to be suckered into a bet where he must take Salvation Army Sargeant Sarah Brown on a date to Cuba or lose. It's not the money ?? It's the pride, but he and she meet their fight. Meanwhile, Nathan Detroit will juggle his long-lived fiancé Adelaide trying to find a craps game that will make him rich if it doesn't alienate her fiance forever. <br /> <br /> The movie started life as a series of short stories by Damon Runyon: it's his unique dialogue you hear, and it's his big character names, and it's his horse racing / nightclub / night night gambling world. Then it became a musical, and you can't help but feel that in film form it never really left the scene. The camera is exceptionally static and the phrases remarkable ?? and not pleasing ?? flat and childish. Fortunately, the music is so big, I don't care about it. However, my absolute favorite thing about this movie is the song and action of the two non-singers, Brando (like Sky) and Jean Simmons (like Sargeant Sarah Brown). Of course, putting pro singers in these roles would have produced better music; but it will probably be forgotten that two of these excellent actors brought something else to the party instead: what they lacked in vocal talent they more than consisted of in gusto, acting ability and pathos, pathos, pathos. You're with Sky, as he argues with Sarah for reason, stability, pipe and security. You enjoy Sarah's solution under the influence of Cuban "milk". You feel the suddenness and passion of their scene in the courtyard with bells ringing and an hour to go before the plane takes them home. As Sky rightly says, it is "chemistry". Pro singers ?? be the Broadway belts or smooth crooners ?? cannot necessarily be invoked to make this happen. (And they didn't.) I read somewhere that Brando criticized Sinatra for not putting himself in the role of Nathan Detroit. Sinatra, on the other hand, was confused by Brando's four-take behavior. Like a Brando fan (showing it?!) I'm bound to take the other side, but I can't imagine that this movie would have been the much-loved classic it's today if Brando and Simmons hadn't been in it with their wonderful chemistry; Brando's unpredictability Simmons face, all pink cheeks and brown hair, drunk and ashamed in a Cuban bar. Beautiful. I always want a copy of this movie in case I feel good again. You will forgive me if you want to give some of Nathan (sleeping) speaker parts 100% brush-off, right? Don't you want to? Oh, be quiet and get some more of Mindy's cheesecake!
