I remember seeing the Disney version and seeing it now makes me believe it somehow lost its magic touch. Lots of other extras, Ever After put secluded, by Cinderella, have actually lost their touch over the years. Then I found this production with a flawless performance by Kathleen Turner as the evil stepmother and was blown away by the phantasmagoric essence of this fantasy story that has thrown me under the spelling since childhood. <br /> <br /> We all know the history of Cinderella, a young girl who's father died and was dominated by his evil grandmother and diocese and longing to go to the ball for a last chance of freedom. But this plot line takes another twist in the classic Fairy Tale by causing Cinderella (whose real name is Zizola, and is only called Cinderella by her family because of her slavery) to be caught in a situation by her father (who still living) slowly losing to a dominant wife who manipulates him to play favorites with his wife and swipe against his own and tries to poison him. Thus, Zizola goes out to save his father by stopping his grandmother from finding another officer at the ball by distracting the men who come her. There, the bored Prince Valiant has a heartbreak from his boring life and falls in love with the mysterious lady in the strange dress (forged by a water nymph called Mab) with rose petals for slippers. <br /> <br /> What pushed me to this movie was primarily to take the old Fairy Tale that no one can compare to. It doesn't weave a web of lies like most Cinderella stories, it doesn't ignore any reason why Cinderella wants to join the ball, nor does it show a low side to the prince as the Disney version did. Instead, it shows more of Cinderella's selfless heart more than any other production, and the artwork is simply amazing! The costumes are all beautifully made, especially Zizola's sapphire blue ball gown that fits the marvelous beauty and soft, spirit-like voice of Marcella Plunkett. <br /> <br /> I would highly recommend this movie to anyone interested in a dreamlike order of the classic adventure with an interesting twist. My only problem is that the producers and the director did not make a complete collection of other adventures with the same element and the fact that the film is now out of print.
