It's hard to say sometimes why a movie is so effective. From the moment I first came across "The Stone Boy," something told me it would be a good movie. Despite that, it seemed very unlikely that I would ever have the opportunity to actually see it for myself. Then I watched one day while looking through my local library's online catalog that they had recently purchased the DVD release of this movie. As I am extremely happy because the cinematography has a fantastic depth and quality that an old VHS copy could never replicate. <br /> <br /> And when talking about cinematography, I have to put it out so far and over the most amazing aspect of this movie. As a photographer who is practically pursuing the exact visual style depicted in "The Stone Boy", I firmly believe that a large film photographer can almost handle a movie. Here he has great help from an extremely talented cast, and a director who perfectly understands what history needs. But to have Juan Ruiz Anchía behind the camera, almost all scenes make some beauty. And you can hardly ever say that. Most movies would never even expect such a thing from you. Scene after scene captures some details, a little bit of visual magic that breathes. <br /> <br /> Director Christopher Cain has had a long and interesting career. As far as I can gather, this film is not very representative of it. But sometimes, to catch a director near the beginning of his career before all the big budgets and the loss of focus, there is a really subtle magic to find. Cain resumes in this movie, lets things happen with one's own life and then more and more. Like early John Sayles movies, characters get room to breathe, time to talk. Side stories happen because they do it, and that's how life is. Cain shows a remarkable, raw, even scary painful understanding of human nature in this film. The story binds much of this story together. When people talk when they exist in this movie, they do it as the actual people, not detained by the fact that they play characters. Gina Berriault's script provides immensely talented and respected actors like Wilford Brimley, Robert Duvall, Glenn Close and Frederic Forrest to spend time that just exists. Whether the things that they have to say are minor or of profound significance, it all comes down to the weight of pure reality. When you look at the actors involved or the great soundtrack of James Horner, it seems strange that such a movie is almost forgotten. Perhaps much of what makes "The Stone Boy" what it is was the period it was made in. There is this 1970's hangover's feeling on this image that reminds me of my own childhood. People talk about the 80s with respect to modern styles and music, but it's not the 80s I lived in or remember. The appearance of the images, the underestimated and darkest knowledge quality of the play and the overall result should come under the skin of any person who grew up in or near this age in North America. I see myself in this. I see how I saw the world. And a movie like "The Stone Boy" sees the world as it really is. <br /> <br /> For more of this feeling, see: <br /> <br /> The Black Stallion (1979), Never Cry Wolf (1983), Tender Mercies (1983), Testament (1983), Places in the heart (1984), Matewan (1987), High Tide (1987), Driving Miss Daisy (1989), The Secret Garden, The Secret of Roan Inish (1994), Wendy and Lucy (2008)
