Honestly, I find this movie almost too depressing for my own benefit. It is very depressing until pretty much at the end. There is no way I can justify judging against any character who did things I didn't like (well, except for the obnoxious character of Fredrick Forrest). But it is still so frustrating to see people behaving this way and putting the walls around themselves when just a word or so can break the ice and promote healing. A terrible tragedy hits a Montana family. They think they've lost a son, but it turns out they've lost 2. The key is, if they just communicate and confront their grief, they won't end up losing their second son permanently. <br /> But they just can't. Something is blocking this family to share their sorrows. Some families retreat to silence and anger while some others point to fingers (and then continue and cheat their poor pregnant wife by seducing the deceased's beautiful girlfriend ... that Andy character is really a snake!) The only member of the family who does not threaten Arnold in any way is his grandfather (Wilford Brimley). Grandfather seems to be able to talk to the boy without judgments or even children's gloves. He seems to know what the child is thinking about, even though Arnold doesn't say much these days. It is really a blessing for the poor child to have the one he can turn to. No one else seems to understand that Arnold can be in shock, in denial, or that his way of caring cannot be the same style or speed as they would expect. It's so easy to judge and be angry and to feel that someone is "made of stone" just because they don't mourn in a way we think they should. The story is very quiet and naturalistic. You're not going to get a spanking story or a Hollywood good-good resolution. I was very worried about the fact that this kid was so burdened that he felt it necessary to drive hundreds of miles to apologize to the piggy Andy's wife for something he shouldn't blame. Arnold may have killed his brother, but no one is responsible for the end of this marriage, which apparently was a miserable one anyway, except for the two persons in the marriage. It's just stupid luck Arnold didn't get into the car with a pedophile or a murderer. <br /> <br /> Robert Duvall and Glenn Close are frustratingly effective as parents who somehow cannot find in themselves communicating with their son to find out what Arnold is going through. Jason Presson, whom I have not seen elsewhere, except a childhood favorite called EXPLORERS and an eerie ghost story called THE LADY IN WHITE, did an incredible job as Arnold, a great play by a children's actor. <br /> <br /> Apart from being slow at times, STONE BOY is an excellent and very depressing movie.
