Stone Boy is an almost forgotten drama from the 1980s. Considering how many famous or soon to be famous people are in the movie, one wonders how it might have been so overlooked. This is a slow, moody, but touching account of a tragedy taking place on a farm family. The film is more or less an accusation of Midwestern stoic values ​​and suppression of emotions. The movie will not be for every taste, but anyone who can appreciate a true human drama liked it. <br /> <br /> In the early moments of the movie, we see two brothers head in the early morning hours to pick some peas and maybe shoot a duck or two if they are lucky. As he climbs through a barbed wire fence, the gun accidentally triggers and the younger boy poorly shoots his older brother. These boys have apparently never taken a hunter safety course. The way for two men to properly walk through a fence like this with a gun would be as follows: First man climbs through. Second man then passes the gun through the fence. The first man then puts the gun down and helps the other through the fence. In no time should every man have his hands on both the gun and the fence. At least when his brother is killed, the 12-year-old Arnold is counting on his own world. He does not even run for help after his brother is shot. He simply goes and chooses the peas and tells his family about the accident later. In no time at the funeral or investigation, Arnold seems to show any regret or grief at all. His family seems to escape him. Maybe they're even angry with him to kill his brother. An ornery uncle, played by Frederick Forrest, is outraged by Arnold, even though the elder brother's death allows him to beat the baby's boyfriend. Arnold's parents do not seem to understand how to handle their son. They don't even try to talk to him. About the only person he can communicate with is his grandfather, who is played in the typical grandfather of Wilford Brimley. After a while Arnold goes into the old hours himself. Nothing seems to make Arnold open until he takes a bizarre road trip to Reno Nevada to inexplicably look at his uncle's former wife. When he meets her, he begins to get out of his shell after apologizing for breaking her marriage by starting the whole family's unrest with the accident. From here, the film becomes a quick investigation into reconciliation and revival. <br /> <br /> The action is, by and large, scary. Robert Duvall and Glenn Close make the perfect chair parents. The front is good, but perhaps it is trying too hard to channel Paul Newman's performance in Hud. The kinematics are also outstanding. If you like moody pictures of ordinary folk music, this may be for you. Some may even be recommended to bring some tissues. 8 out of 10 stars. The dog.
