Michelle Rodriguez is a well-built high school senior who discovers she has a strong blow and begins amateur training at a Brooklyn gym. Santiago Douglas is a beautiful young man, older than she, who also trains there. They meet after class, so to speak, and feel attracted to each other. No sex. Santiago has been instructed to save it to his next match. Both are participants in a "gender-blind" athletic program that does not distinguish between men and women, an erroneous attempt to offset athletic play. <br /> <br /> A conservative radio commentator recently announced - and I swear I won't make it up - "Let's see, the president is black." I'm here to make a straightforward observation - "Men and women are different." Now, in 99 cases out of 100, it doesn't have to make any difference in physical performance. But in the top one percent - trained athletes whose skills have been honed to a fine edge - men generally have the advantage. With their narrow hips, they can run faster. And they have greater muscle mass and upper torso strength. These differences in bodybuilding enable women to feed and educate children and for men to capture and kill food for them. This sexual bifurcation is the result of the normal process of natural selection. Without it, there may be no people at all. And that, boys and girls, is why they have men's events and women's events in the Olympics. I'm talking to you as your anthropologist. It will be ten cents, PayPal favorites. <br /> <br /> So I called this gender-blind program misunderstood. As a talented, a boxer like Rodrigues, as she approaches the object of the game, will eventually lose a man. <br /> <br /> This is where the complication occurs in this movie. Rodrigues is finally matched to his boy friend, Douglas. Neither wants to lose anger on the other, not to mention round house rights, but both are proud of the game, and the pride is both personal and gender-related. Douglas refuses to fight with a woman in the ring. And Rodriguez is offended by what she sees as his condescending attitude. It ends happily. <br /> <br /> I didn't expect much from the movie. I thought it would be a rip off of Clint Eastwood's "Million Dollar Baby" until I discovered that this was released years earlier. And I had never heard of the director or any of the performing artists. This kind of obscurity generally increases sickness television sets and so on. <br /> <br /> But I was surprised at how fine this is. The total absence of the bathos left me open mouth. It also made the minimal use of boxing cliches - the erased ropes, the blood, the cutting of the swollen eye, the violent faces, the fat and sweaty eagles shouted "Kill him!" head, the heroic music that signals the long-awaited apotheosis of victory. None of this - yes, almost none. The whole plot could be considered as a formula. Tough children find the outlet in the ring etc. The feeling that you are back with is that this is probably very much what these amateur competitions are. Different from those we see on TV and in regular movies. No bells ring, for example, instead of a dancing and observant judge screaming "Stop!" And "Box!" The competitors carry the main gear. The gym is not populated by a crowd of happy spectators, but only by a handful of people who have particular interest in the hallway. It's a pure movie, despite the rather ugly attitude and the unhappy family dynamics. Michelle Rodriguez can look right, what about her muscular mass and her eyes glowing under her lower forehead, but when you get used to the idea that this is a girl who can beat you to a lot whenever she wants, And when you hear the feminine contours of her super-segmentals, she's not bad. (A scene where she struggles with her father to the floor, exaggerates it.) It was a little difficult to understand Douglas' restraint when Rodriguez crawled over him in bed. The director, Karyn Kusama, has carefully chosen her talent. <br /> <br /> Shows what you can do with some talent, imagination and a modicum of money. There should be more movies like that. Take one of the multi-billion dollar blockbusters full of dinosaurs or spaceships and spread the generosity around a little.
