The first step to getting away from the path leading to nowhere is to recognize that you are on it in the first place; Then it becomes a matter of being confident and taking positive steps to overcome the negative impacts of your life that may have put you on that path to begin with. That's exactly what a young latino girl does in `Girlfight ', written and directed by Karyn Kusama. Diana (Michelle Rodriguez) is an eighteen-year-old high school senior from the projects in Brooklyn and is facing expulsion after her fourth match in the halls since the beginning of the semester. She affects an "whatever" attitude that masks a deep-seated anger that threatens to take her into places she'd rather not go. She lives with her father, Sandro (Paul Calderon), with whom she has a very preliminary relationship, and her little brother, Tiny (Ray Santiago). With her life stretching on the resolution, she desperately needs an outlet through which you can channel the demons that plague her. And one day she finds it without looking for it when she stops at the gym where Tiny coaches. Ironically, Tiny doesn't want anything to do with boxing; He wants to go to the art school, but Sandro is determined that his son should be able to take care of himself on the street and pay the ten dollars a week, which costs for his lessons. When Diana convinces Tiny's trainer, Hector (Jaime Tirelli), takes her on and approaches her father for the money, subject to calling it a weekly allowance (she doesn't want him to know what she wants the money for), Sandro turns her down and tells her to go out and earn her own money. In the end she finds with Tiny's help a way, and the ring soon becomes her second home. It is an environment that she easily adapts to, and it seems that her life is about to take a trip for the better. And the fact that she has to fight for men, not women, in "sex-blind" competitions, doesn't beat her at least. Diana has found her item. First time writer / director Karyn Kusama has done a fantastic job creating a realistic framework for her story and presenting an honest portrait of life in the projects and conveying this desperation so well known to so many young people who are in death situations and on it road leading to nowhere. And there is also no clay coating on it; as Hector, Diana tells when she asks him how he came to be where he is: "I was a fighter once. I lost." Then you look around in the busy gymnasium, like most of these guys they will lose too. But that's all they know-- "And that's honesty of attitude, as well as the way the characters are portrayed, which makes This movie is as good as it is. It's a gloomy world, underlined by the dimly lit gymnasium - you can pretty much smell the boxer's sweat - and the feeling of desert hanging all over like a pallet covering those people who grab and hang on to the only thing they has everything they know. <br /> <br /> Making her screen debut, Michelle Rodriguez is perfectly cast as Diana, infusing her with a depth and burning intensity that radiates from her in waves. She is so genuine that it makes you wonder how much it really is Rodriguez; exactly where does the actor go and the character begins? Whatever it is, it works. It is a powerful and memorable performance by an actor from whom we await another great anticipation attempt. She certainly makes Diana a positive role model, where many will hopefully find inspiration and recognition that there are alternative ways of life, at least for those who would seek them. <br /> <br /> As positive as this movie is, however, end up with some ambiguous note; Although Diana obviously has her feet on the ground, there is no indication of where she is going. Is this a short-term solution for her, or is she destined to become the female counterpart to Hector? Really (and given that realism is one of the strengths of this movie), professional boxing is not exactly a business that lends itself to or opens women's weapons. And, in line with the film's subject and filmmakers approach, a confirmation of the results of Diana's self-confidence would have been appropriate. <br /> <br /> The supporting cast includes Santiago Douglas (Adrian), Elisa Bocanegra (Marisol), Alicia Ashley (Ricki) and Thomas Barbour (Ira). Although it delivers a very true picture of life that many will be able to identify, there are some aspects of "Girlfight" that stretch credibility slightly in terms of some of what is happening in the ring. On the other hand, it is a positive film, which is mostly a satisfying experience. I rate this 7/10. <br /> <br /> <br />
