Once Hollywood produced live action, G-rated movies without foul language, immoral and gore-splattered violence. These movies neither insulted your intelligence nor manipulated your emotions. The heroes varied slightly from the crowd. They shared the same feelings and carried the same burdens. Since the 1970s, the film industry has largely written off G-rated movies for adults. Basically, modern mature audiences require large doses of embellished realism for their cinematic diets, twisting heavily with silly profanity, mattress-dumping sex, and crushing fist cakes. These ingredients make up the difference between G rated films and those classified either PG or PG-13. <br /> <br /> Miraculously, director John Lee Hancock, who wrote scripts for Clint Eastwood's "A Perfect World" (1993) and "Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil" (1997), hits a home race with this G -rated, feel-good, four-bagged by a baseball epic that not only celebrates America's favorite summer time sport, but also allows the competitive spirit of the game. In essence, "The Rookie" resembles Robert Redford's story "The Natural" in 1984 about an old-fashioned slugger who makes a comeback. Unlike "The Natural", "The Rookie" trembles hard, sex and violence. <br /> <br /> In addition, robust Dennis Quaid plays a reality individual. Jim Morris' autobiography, "The Oldest Rookie: Big League Dreams from a Small Town Guy" served as the basis for Mike "Finding Forrester") Rich's unpretentious, Norman Rockwell-style play about white middle-class ambitions. Morris achieved his dream when he debuted on the chin as a relief pitcher in 1999. Although it does not belong to the same league with the inspiring James Stewart classic "The Stratton Story" (1949), "The Rookie" qualifies as that kind of movie as Hollywood rarely does, because the audience finds them outdated. <br /> <br /> Hancock and Rich encapsulate their entertaining oddball biography into a mysterious mystery. A wildcat oil prospector convinces two Catholic nuns back in the 1920s to bankroll a West Texas well. They fear that they have blown their money on a bad advice, the sisters carpet the dry terrain with rose petals and ask for St. Rita's patron saint for hopeless reasons' intervene. The well thrills! The Town of Big Lake pops up and roughnecks swat on baseballs when they don't drill holes in the terrain. The baseball spirit radiates from the ground as petroleum. Meanwhile, the US Navy does not retain Jim Morris, Sr. (Brian Cos of "Manhunter") and his family in a place long before they were uprooted. The constant movement takes a toll on Jim Junior. Jim's father shows some sympathy and baseball. <br /> <br /> Nevertheless, Jim has baseball in his blood, enough that, when he accepts a high school teacher's job in his Texas hometown, he organizes a baseball team. As the foul-mouthed "Bad News Bears", "The Rookie" chronicles Jim's triumph by turning losers to winners. Morris promises the team if they reach the division's playoffs, he will try a professional baseball team. Predictably, Morris maintains students' end of purchase. At the age of 35, Jim stunks the big league scouts when he throws fastballs at 98 miles per hour! "The Rookie" never out.
