Picture scene: a mountainous alien landscape. Two moons illuminate the blood-red sky. Tardis lands, and out, the doctor, a middle-aged man in a Victorian robe and Rose, escapes his companion from the ground. A flicker of recognition crosses his face. "Well, I never! It's the planet Saurious-7. Where I fought for the warlike Kraggartians. They were trying to use giant Skinkons to take over the planet." The girl sniffs the air. "Can't we go, Doctor. I don't like the look of this place. I keep thinking that we're being watched." The doctor beckons with a disapproving finger. "Don't be stupid, girl. I wonder if the King and Queen of Cordaraby City remember me from my last visit. Come on, Rose, come on!" He progresses, the girl struggles to quit. High on a hill, spooky red eyes consider them with hatred ... It was not how the 'Rose' began back in 2005, and thank you for that. The original British broadcast "Rose" can now surely be considered a milestone episode where "Dr.Who" is back where it belonged, as one of the BBC's flagship programs. The errors made by the McGann T.V. movie were well learned. Instead of trying to shoehorn the new 'Who' into existing chronology, it represented a new start for the series, beginning with the shop girl Rose Tyler (Billie Piper), who goes about her daily routine. One day she goes to the basement to find a man named Wilson, and then the trouble begins. Mannequins come to life and attack her. It is only through the intervention of a mysterious stranger (Christopher Eccleston) that she is rescued. <br /> <br /> The story, though it may be, is more than sufficient as a starting point for the series. The autos are, of course, an old villain (this was their first appearance since 1971), but there are no references to their earlier appearances - another wise move. The final effectively restored the famous scene in 'Spearhead From Space' when shop windows came to life. As a doctor, Christopher Eccleston lacked his predecessor's eccentricity and preferred a modern leather jacket for doctor's traditional period clothing, but it made him more accessible to the show's hoped new audience. Billie Piper confused his critics by making a big impression as 'Rose'. Also good was Noel Clarke as her boyfriend 'Mickey'. <br /> <br /> Yes, special effects were emphasized, but then there had to be - the wobbly sets and unbeatable monsters from the past have no place on the 21st century television. More importantly, how good a script is. Ten million people are set to see the new doctor. <br /> <br /> 'Dr.Who' was back - and back with a bang!
