As an essential part of the British pop culture such as Monty Python and James Bond, Doctor Who was a big hit for 26 years (1963-1989), making it one of the longest running television shows in the world (most series are fortunate to have ten seasons). Plans to reboot the series were always on the BBC's agenda, and after a miscalculated (not to mention Americanized) TV movie produced by Fox failed to capture the magic of the original version, another nine years (Comic Relief spoof and animated mini-series, though) was required before the ultimate Time Lord could return properly, gratitude by the acclaimed author Russell T. Davies. Davies' brilliance in reintroducing the character lies in his decision to make it through the eyes of an outsider: Rose Tyler (Billie Piper), a London-based girl leading a very normal life for one night, she is attacked by creatures made by living plastic. She is rescued by an elusive stranger who simply introduces herself as a doctor (Christopher Eccleston) and then disappears after quipping: "Nice to meet you, Rose. Run for your life!". As she becomes more and more curious about this "man", she soon finds herself in a whole new world: aliens, invasions, traveling through space and time, and of course the ubiquitous Police Box-shaped TARDIS. <br /> <The first 45 minutes of the new Doctor Who is almost perfect (special effects could have used a little more polishing) because Davies nails two things: the show's unique humor and the two main characters. The original series of most inviting features were its blend of spectacular sci-fi and pure British comedy, a hybrid that is difficult if not impossible to export. Here, everything is connected with the conversations between Rose and Doctor, which come out as fully rounded characters after just one episode. Okay, so technical Eccleston's Doctor is the ninth to use that name, but he refrains from the previous eight incarnations by speaking with a northern accent (the one he uses daily) and justifying it with a fantastic line: "Lots of planets have a nerd! ". <br /> <br /> However, the actual triumph of this episode is Piper's achievement: in theory, Rose is in his late teens, therefore, almost the same age as thousands of young viewers who had never heard of the doctor before. Her depiction of an ordinary girl who has been lost in a new exciting universe represents the new generation's reaction to the recall of a TV icon, and the chemistry that is instantly formed between her and Eccleston is a sign indicating the new doctor who is as good as the old one. First, fifth, ninth, it makes no difference: There could have been others before Eccleston (and Piper, for that matter) but together he, William Hartnell, Peter Davison and the rest of the pile are a single sign, such a tough one he needs Not even a name: he is the doctor.
