With the sun shining brilliantly on a quiet Sunday almost waking up, love can be felt in the soft breeze that sweeps past my feet and can be seen in the smiles of the people I go with. It is the perfect day to stop for croissants and a café-o-lait before heading out to the city of light and love. Of course, a flight to Paris is not reasonable in this humble film critic's budget, so I had to choose the second best thing, Paris, JE T'AIME, a collection of 18 short films by a number of international directors. Each piece is named after another Parisian neighborhood and is a reflection on love. Be careful not to glorify the most powerful and convincing of all human emotions, Paris, JE T'AIME explores love in the many phases of its own game. The results are spontaneously romantic and surprisingly consistent. And really, what better way to express the fleeting nature of love and how to change your life for a moment than with a collection of filmed moments. <br /> <br /> The beautifully poetic quote above is taken from Tom Tykwer's Faubourg Saint Denis. Tykwer (RUN, LOLA, RUN) uses time-lapse photography and repetition to demonstrate the whole cycle of love, from beginning to resolution. Originally shot in 2004 and mated to this anthology, Faubourg stars Natalie Portman as Francine, an American actress in Paris for a role in a movie, and Melchior Beslon as Thomas, a blind man she falls in love with. Here the blind blind through it most unstable terrain where two people consume each other to a point where their lives almost lose their own existence. As love seems to go from dazzling to dizzying, Tykwer reminds of the tricks it can play on our minds and the illusions it can create when in doubt. <br /> <br /> Perhaps the most giddily romantic offer from Sylvain Chomet is the Tour Eiffel. Chomet (LES TRIPLETTES DE BELLEVILLE) chooses the city's most identifiable attraction for his title and gives us a little boy who tells the story of how his parents met and fell in love. His father, a mime (Paul Putner), finds himself in a surreal scenario after another and eventually lands in prison. This is where he meets the woman who becomes the love of his life (Yolande Moreau). Miming has become something of a dying art if it is not already dead. But in nature it is dreamy and incredible. Miming points his silent finger to the ridiculous human behavior, and what but love can make people act more absurdly? We can find someone special in least likely cases if we could just take a little less seriously. Paris, JE T'AIME keeps the flow lively by not always focusing on love between lovers. Three memorable shorts focus on the love between a parent and a child. Walter Salles (MOTORCYCLE DIARIES) has Catalina Sandino Moreno singing lovingly with her child before leaving him to sing the same song with a longing for the child she is watching. Nobuhiro Suwa (UN COUPLE PARFAIT) has Juliette Binoche trying desperately to overcome the emptiness she feels after losing her son. Binoche says very little yet, not surprisingly given her huge talent, her struggle is evident in her face as she learns that love sometimes means getting away. And Alfonso Cuaron (CHILDREN OF HUMAN) weighs into a coherent shot of a father (Nick Nolte) and his adult daughter (Sara Martins) joining together for what has to be the first time in a long time. We only see them across the street and we only get close to them as the distance between the two characters narrows to a place of comfort and acceptance. <br /> <br /> The last card for the screen is Alexander Payne's 14th arrondissement. As usual, Payne (SIDEWAYS) takes an ordinary person and shows us what makes them extraordinary. Carol (Margo Martindale) is another American in Paris. She is there alone and for less time than she would have liked when she has dogs waiting for her at home. She is an ordinary person with an unintentional life who finds herself in a city rich and lush. In beautifully delivered American-inspired French mice, she's about the sights, and how there is, makes her feel. This woman spends so much time trying to be happy despite the many disappointments of life, and as she sits in a city made for lovers, she realizes that she is actually happy and loves herself more than she knew. She falls in love, maybe just a moment of life and love. <br /> <br /> The characters that appear but fleeting in Paris find JE T'AIME in the romantic center of the universe. The moments they share with each other, if it helps someone up after a hard fall or reaches their hand to another person without touching them or without their knowledge, are the moments that give love their flare and bloom. Outside the city lovers, it may be easy to miss moments like these, but we need to remind ourselves of their importance. It only takes a moment for love to shine through a cloudy sky. Just keep your heart open to see it. And if a city can be so abundant with love, one must believe that it can find its way one day to your door.
