Paris, JE T'AIME is a wonderful cinematic greeting to the city of light and the love city, a movie that is so complex that it almost endures summary and review. Ask a large group of people their impression of life in Paris, and the result would be somewhat akin to this movie. Tied together by each of the sectors or arrondissements of the city, the film explores love in all forms, indigenous folk in their Parisian states, and tourists interact with the big city. Ca. 20 writers and directors, each with approximately five minutes of screen time, include Olivier Assayas, Coen Brothers, Sylvain Chomet, Isabel Coixet, Wes Craven, ALFONSO COARON, Gérard Depardieu, Christopher Doyle, Vincenzo Natali, Alexander Payne, Walter Salles, Nobuhiro Suwa, and Gus Van Sant among others less well-known. The stories range from hilarious to humorous, to touching, to tragic, to banal and to bid. In a story, a young Frenchman (Gaspard Ulliel) is attracted to a young lithograph (Elias McConnell), radiating his heart in French into a boy who speaks only English. In another, a separate man and wife (Gena Rowlands and Ben Gazzara) meet in the Latin Quarter to complete divorce proceedings, while another couple in Pere Lachaise (Emily Mortimer and Rufus Sewell) approach marriage unconnected until that departure, Oscar Wilde joins in. Steve Buscemi in Tuileries confronts superstition in a metro with his bag of tourist collections, in Bastille Sergio Castellitto (in love with mistress Leonor Watling) is ready to divorce his wife Miranda Richardson until she says she has terminal leukemia, confronts Juliette Binouche pain over her son's fantasies and losses in the Place des Victoires using a mythical cowboy Willem Defoe, Sara Martins and Nick Nolte and Ludivine Sagnier show a sharp tale of failed ideas in Parc Monceau, Fanny Ardant and Bob Hoskins' play out 'a strange relationship in Pigalle, Melchior Beslon plays a young blind man to actress Natalie Portman to learn to see in Faubourg Saint -Denis, vampire love between Elijah Wood and Olga Kurylenko in Quartier de la Madeleine. Maggie Gyllenhaal is a former patriot actress in the Quartier des Enfants Rouges, and Margo Martindale is a visitor tourist letter carrier desperately trying to speak the French she has been studying for her life tour in a beautiful hilarious 14th arrondissement. <br /> <br /> The last few minutes of the movie are trying to link as many of the stories as possible, but it only works on superficial levels. The movie is long and there are no bridges between the many stories, a factor that can tire the audience due to lack of time to assimilate all actions. But it is finally a really detailed greeting to a big city and delivers the viewer with many vignettes to visit as a scrapbook of a time in Paris. It's a movie worth seeing several times! Grady Harp
