I took my 19 year old daughter with me to see this interesting movie production exercise. I always find it exciting to get views and opinions from another generation on film, especially as I am such a cynic myself. It is good to get a grim opinion from someone who has not yet reached "been there, made it" approach to every movie she sees. I am pleased to say that we both really enjoyed it and considered it a successful mother / daughter evening out. Far, far better than seeing some brain-dead "chick flick" that I collect is what we should enjoy, according to the demographics? 18 directors were asked to make a short piece about each of the arrondissements in Paris, a city I haven't visited in 20 years. But I wish I had it. They are loosely associated with taking part in shootings and representing various approaches to love in the city, considered popular culture as the hallmark of the romantic capital of the world. Some of the movies work better than others, but as other reviewers have said, it never goes too far into kitsch. Some are fun, some are sad, some exciting and some are simply confusing (I'm still trying to distinguish deep inner truth from the "Flying Tiger, Hidden Dragon" hair salon.) Some are just funny and maybe shouldn't be over-rated (f eg the vampire and the tourist). Perhaps my only criticism of the whole movie is that it makes Paris look too good. It can also be cold, wet, misty, indifferent and miserable, or in the summer it warms and filled with so many tourists that you feel like a sardine for a while to see every single attraction. But I am nit picking. <br /> <br /> My personal favorite was by far, the Coen brothers filmed shot at Tuileries subway station and starred a perfect cast Steve Buscemi as a confused tourist accidentally trapped in a lover's tiff. Absolutely perfect, and very, very fun, without Buscemi having to say a word. I have also perverted the piece about the two mime artists who were probably closest, as the movie was cutesy - it was certainly tame on the edge of the kitsch, but it was just on the right. Rufus Sewell and Emily Mortimer gained insight from a meeting with Oscar Wilde's tomb left me indifferent, and Juliette Binoche trying to cope with the death of her little son made me very, very uncomfortable. I thought both the Bob Hoskins / Fanny Ardent piece and Ben Gazzara / Gena Rowlands fell a little flat, but Maggie Gyllenhaal was good (does she have the corner market in junkies? I saw Sherry Baby last week.) <br /> <br /> But I felt the two "social justice" pieces (for the will of a better way to put it), worked very well. Thus, I mean first and foremost the film that the young mother leaves her own child in a day care to take care of the baby of others throughout the city. And then the film about the African immigrant struggling to exist on the margins of an indifferent society that is stung and dies on the street in front of a young, new paramedic. Another murder statistic in a world that sees thousands of immigrants die in the battle to achieve what they see as a better life, every year. I thought both were very well observed. The final film, 14th arrondissement, where Margo Martindale plays a postman from Colorado who tells the story of her first trip to Paris ?? in very badly accented French? to her night school French class, moved me. A perfect end to a good, exciting, if not absolutely fantastic, movie. <br /> <br /> Paris you t'aime was an ambitious idea, but it seems pretty good.
