... for Paris is a moving party. "Ernest Hemingway <br /> <br /> It is impossible to count how many great talents have immortalized Paris in paintings, novels, songs, poems, short but unforgettable quotes and yes movies. The famous movie director Max Ophüls said about Paris, <br /> <br /> "It offered the shiny wet boulevards under street lighting, breakfast in Montmartre with cognac in your glass, coffee and lukewarm brioche, gigolos and night prostitutes. Everyone in the world has two homeland: his own and Paris. "Paris is always associated with love and romance, and" Paris, Je T'Aime ", the subtitle" Petite romances ", is a collection of short films, often sketches of 18 talented directors from all over the world. familiar with one of the City of Light 20 arrondissements and with the Parisians of all ages, sexes, colors and backgrounds, all of whom deal with love in its many variations and stages, in some of the "petite romances" we are witnesses to the Unexpected encounters of strangers leading to immediate interest, closeness and perhaps relationships: as for Podalydès and Florence Muller on the street Montmartre in the opening movie or for Cyril Descours and Leïla Bekhti as a white boy and a Muslim girl whose cross-cultural romance directed by Gurinder Chadha begins at Quais de Seine In this category I will include Gus Van Sant's humorous short film "Le Marais" a boy po Make his heart out to another boy who confesses suddenly unexpected closeness and pray r for permission to call - never realize that the subject of his interest does not understand French. Some of the vignettes are flimsy and even dark. In Walter Salles and Daniela Thomas' Loin du 16ème, Catalina Sandino Mareno (fantastic Oscar-nominated debut for Maria full of Grace) is the single working mother who will work as a nanny in a wealthy neighborhood to pay for day care where she falls her baby every morning before she goes to work. One of the most memorable and truly heartbreaking films is the "Place des Fêtes" by Oliver Schmitz. Aïssa Maïga and Seydou Boro co-star as two young people for whom love could have happened. There were promises, but it was shortened because of hatred and intolerance that are present everywhere, and the city of love and light is no exception. Another really came to me was "Bastille", written and directed by Isabel Coixet starring Sergio Castellitto, Miranda Richardson and Leonor Watling. Castellitto has fallen in love with his wife Richardson, but when he is ready to go with the beautiful mistress, the devastating news comes from his wife's doctor ... I can continue to reflect on all 18 little beads. I like some of them a lot. The others felt weak and might be forgotten soon, but generally I am very glad that I bought the DVD and I know that I will return to my favorite movies over and over again. They are "Place des Fêtes", as I have already mentioned, "Père-Lachaise" directed by Wes Craven, which involves the ghost of one of the wittiest and brightest men ever, Oscar Wilde (Alexander Payne, director of "Sideways "who would save an uneasy relationship. Payne also instructed the "14th arrondissement", where a lone middle-aged postman from Denver, CO explores the city on his own, giving voice to French with the heavy accent. Payne's entry is one of the most moving and along with fun "Tuileries" by Joel and Ethan Coen (who else? :)) Steve Buschemi is my absolute favorite. In both shorts, American tourists sit on the bench (Margo in the park and Steve in Paris Metro after visiting Louvers), observing the life around them with the various results. While Margo must say, "My feeling is sad and light, my grief is bright ..." Steve's character finds that even the most comprehensive and useful tourist guide would not help a tourist avoiding doing the wrong thing in a foreign country .
