Just seen this tonight at a digital projection seminar (35mm shot, and the first movie file scanned fully in 6k mastered in 4k and projected with 2k projector at ETC / USC theater in Hwd) .. so much for tech stuff. 18 leaders (including Alexander Payne, Wes Cravens, Joel and Ethan Coen, Gus Van Sant, Walter Salles and Gerard Depardieu, among several good French / international directors) got every 5 minutes to make a love story. They come in all shapes and forms, with well-known actors (Elijah Wood, Natalie Portman, Steve Buscemi .. too funny ..., Maggie Glyllenhall, Nick Nolte, Geena Rowlands .. so good .. and she actually wrote the piece she were in, Msr Depardieu and many good international actors as well.The stories range from all out romance to quirky comedy to Alex Payne's touching study of a woman who discovers Van Sant and one of the things happening everywhere. Nothing really extinguished by having French spoken in most sequences (with English subtitles) and a small amount of real English languages, although it will probably refer it to art houses (a la Diva.) Also only a piece that can be considered "experimental" "but colorful and it is also fun, the other simple studies of sometimes complex conditions. It is easy to follow (unless the" experimental "annoys your desire for a formal story. More have raised some feelings for me ... I admit that I am affected by love in the cinema ... When it is presented in other than sentimentality. I even laughed at a mime piece like no other I've seen (thanks for that!) The movie hit its highlight for me, somewhere just over half way, then retrieved the last two sequences. Some beautiful shots of Paris at night, lush romantic kind of music, usually used to be a good effect, not just schmaltz for "feelings" in sound, generally good filmography, although some pictures seemed to be soft focus as it couldn't have meant to have been (protagonist in the shot / scene). The pacing of each movie was good and the overall structure, but a little long (they excluded two of what should be 20 movies, but said everyone would be on DVD) seemed to vary between tones of the movies to keep a good balance. Not sure when it comes out, but a good study of how to make a 5 min film work .. and sometimes, what doesn't it work (if it covers too much time, emotionally for a short film.) Should be in the region a when they were released, but they did not know when.
