I was lucky enough to attend a screening in Stockholm for this elegantly expressed, fun and thought-provoking film. With romance as the heaviest weapon in his arsenal, Paris you fall into love in Paris and navigate in the various forms in eighteen separate "quartiers" but without pouting Parisiennes and saccharin formulas. Its gold memory is undoubtedly due to frustration on the director's parts ?? frustration only having 5-10 minutes of screen time ?? Thus, you are only presented with the best and safest direction from each party. <br /> <br /> Negotiating whether to review all 18 segments, I came to the conclusion that it would be superfluous and long lasting. Instead of being sure that each director grabs the movie with their eccentric styles and skills, and surely you will find your favorite. Although Gus Van Sant cannot resist the temptation to be introspective, his LES MARAIS is one of the better contributions, even by sneaking into a well-placed Kurt Cobain reference. The Coen brothers recreate one of the more accessible segments in Paris, a scene with a subdued but emotionally transparent Steve Buscemi, deadpan humor and clever camera angles that probably created the most laughter in my theater and perhaps rightly so. <br /> <br /> In this way, all story lines are exquisitely unique ?? filtered through the mind of different directors ?? But the one who deviates most from the rest is Vincenzo Natali's QUARTIER DE LA MADELEINE, a dark horror-gothic love starring Elijah Wood as a lost tourist in Paris' night-night trails that face a vampire. With a black-and-white format but blood-red color contrast that seems to be unnoticed soft from the screen, it becomes almost a pastiche of Sin City ?? a refreshingly scary and visual bend in an otherwise pretty reasoned movie. <br /> <br /> But my only favorite segment was FAUBOURG SAINT-DENIS by Tom Tykwer, but I think I was conditioned to think it when I went to the theater with him as my favorite and nudged my friend in since saying "finally, it's my favorite instructor here". Nevertheless, it cannot be denied that Tykwer delivers a nice segment where a blind boy picks up the phone and hears from his girlfriend (Portman - for once not annoying) that she breaks with him and he reflects on their relationship. As it is Tywker's style, the story is staggeringly fast, kinetic and repetitive, with screams and races (Lola Rennt), making it the most adrenaline pumping segment in Paris, you t'aime and possibly also the most touching when Tywker begins to wear its most powerful tool ?? music. <br /> <br /> In order to fill in the negative account, it is clear that all directors do not share Tywker, Van Sant, Cohens, Coixet and Dépardieu. Sylvain Chomet scrapes the bottom of the pile by cutting out a real one-time segment where a little boy tells the story of how his parents met. They are two lonely mimes. This part is so in-your-face French and desperately quirky that it is insulting to international viewers. Suwa also leads a bad and fluffy segment with an unusually fragile appearance Juliette Binoche who takes care of the loss of his son. Nothing else happens. Finally, the enclosure and the interweaving of the 18 stories ultimately feels somewhat hasty and half-hearted. <br /> <br /> But Paris you t'aime really pamper you with quality, because all the other stories are well-designed with sharp plays and fun writing. It is certainly one of the highlights of 2006 (not much, I suppose) and a very personal movie in the sense that it is inevitable to choose a favorite and a least favorite. Highly recommended both to the mainstream of the "pretentious" (heh) audience. <br /> <br /> 8 out of 10
