Although Cameron Grant was clearly employed to replace Andrew Blake at Ultimate Pictures, when the latter started his own business (Studio A), he almost made up the "Master" right out of the gate when it came to creating steaming sex scenes. So even though all of Blake's window apron was groundbreaking (starlets in fetish underwear and sunglasses, coiffed and composed as if they were to hit the catwalk), very much present and accounted for, Grant added his own personal spin to carnal content. That way he raised the heat to a level that had beaten Big A ever since his first ?? and IMHO best ?? movie NIGHT TRIPS. Cam's virginity, ELEMENTS OF DESIRE, may still have been handicapped by an overly Slavic compliance with the Blake aesthetic (with a girl on girl girls), but his subsequent DINNER PARTY is already showing him at the top of his form, what should certainly be classified as his masterpiece . The title spells the starting point as a group of good to make friends and acquaintances gather over dinner to swap sexy stories, with an expanded orgy in the conclusion. Scrumptious July Ashton and Tammy Park forge foods over each other's flawless physique in their kitchen sequence, which will surely delight them with a taste of combining the joy of the palette with the meat of the flesh. Busty Crystal Gold (here: "Catalina") was rarely more than a reliable second stringer and added spices to several Ona Zee dealer cellar noirs, yet looks fantastic in a romantic four poster with Fabio lookalike Vince Voyeur. Beautiful blondes Kylie Ireland and Yvonne who made out with Marc Davis (for the record, the last two were a thing at the time) during a waterfall, completed the eye candy section of the movie. <br /> <br /> Time to get cooking! Early Jenna Jameson ("Daisy") outlines the greatness that comes when she drains Frank Towers ("Mark Slade" on his subsequent shift to the gay side of the industry) of all vital juices, albeit with a little help from brunette Diva For effective contrast, the scene's stylish industrial setting is an atmospheric backdrop to full tilt tilt sex. The impossible hunky construction worker Gerry Pike seeks to cool on a swimming summer day by pumping down, a vantage point to tantalize the primary businesswoman Asia Carrera (on her all the most painful) to pass. Best of show should be the imaginative order that has nasty Norma Jeane and beautiful Sean Michaels teasing pants of each other ?? initially ! ?? while being separated by a glass partition straight to the predictable splashy conclusion. <br /> <br /> With sex that turns out to be either artificial or hot, and more often than not both, Grant has cooked a veritable sandwich table of fleshy items to continue the movie's gastronomic analogy title. Couples may be the primary target audience, but a variety of cheeky 'n' nice should rightfully contain the recipe that "something for everything" recipes, so many adult features aim. As an instructor, his instructor shows a great eye for detail, as if the shot of Asia Carrera's pristine white shoes is spattered with mud and enriches his vision. This marks him as a great filmmaker rather than a purely usable, as was the case with Nick Steele, who resigned to take his place at Ultimate ?? effectively making him a replacement? ?? when he packed for greener pastures.
