Robert Altman is my favorite American director. I have to admit that I have enjoyed the movies that were usually despised: "Quintet" if I only gave the pleasure of seeing an adult and beautiful Brigitte Fossey, who was unforgettable as the little girl in the "Forbidden Games "; "HealtH", to have Lauren Bacall, Carol Burnett, Alfre Woodard and Glenda Jackson, all in the same cast; "Popeye", for the amazing and surrealistic world, Shelley Duvall's Olive Oyl and the wonderful Malta places; "O.C. & Stiggs", for its proposal for an anti-"youth girl"; "Beyond Therapy", for all its lunacy and the presence of Genèvieve Page, which for all its powers to see Parisian chic is taken to a travestite ... I even enjoyed his one-act television movie, "The Dumb Waiter "and" The Laundromat ". When there is not much plot to develop in their films, you have amazing performances from Burnett, John Travolta, Kim Basinger or Jane Curtin. I perceive and enjoy the different approach and description he makes of the many different cultures in the United States. It's a pity that his genius is rarely appreciated and that he is always forgotten when the time comes to give American awards and prices. He is not your typical main supplier of fantasies. He's more of a maverick. So it is not surprising to me to find so many bad comments posted here on "The Gingerbread Man", his most "mainstream" action to date and to my knowledge. I didn't know there were so many people thinking like Leonard Maltin who didn't like Altman at all. In this case, you don't like "The Gingerbread Man", but for me, the reason is more about Grisham than with the director screenwriter. Some of Altman's trademarks are here: improvised dialogue, good performances, a fun law office with typically irreverent receptionist and secretary. While some people find it boring, I found the first action fascinating, also thanks to the great filmography of Changwei Gu, the man who shot "Red Sorghum", "Ju Dou" and "Goodbye My Concubine". He has a way of showing us the same things we see in other American films, but under a different light. Throughout his foreigners' eyes, almost everything seems new and different. In this first act, things were so logical and true! Wait until you get older. You can get into trouble if you fall under the spell of someone younger and beautiful like Embeth Davidtz. I know for myself what I have fascinated by someone younger than I am! Then you have Robert Duval's abominable, threatening and mysterious character, while Geraldo storm threatens Savannah. The other act becomes a little fake and even fun because Altman might have done it with a laugh. I remember laughing loudly in several cases with his ironic remarks. I think he used a bit of Brecht, removed us and prepared for the third act of pure Hollywood pastiche. Altman does it with expertise. Being a wise man and an intelligent instructor, fortunately he did not fall into the traps of today's action movie. He directed a tale of lust, greed, and death. I was not disappointed with the movie. If I give it a nine instead of 10, it's because of Grisham. The American reader has made him a best-selling author. So why complain? Perhaps we should thank Altman for showing us the seams of his stories, their dullness, flattery and sadness in all of them. But he does so with so much gusto and humor that I cannot but disagree with the negative comments. For me, these people saw another movie ... And vice versa.
