Robert Altman should not make a movie like this, but the fact that he did it - and it turns out to be a reasonably good and tightly spun thriller in this paperback tradition of Grisham thrillers - shows a versatility that is legitimate. In Gingerbread One must actually work with something that unfortunately is not always very successful, or at least it is not the first on his checklist as director: plot. There is one of the big, juicy, almost pot-kettle plates, where a winding lawyer is hit by a desperate low-class woman, and then a shameful figure related to the woman has entered their lives in the most dizzying ways , twists and plots follow, yada yada. And it is surprising that Altman would really want to go on one of these "I saw what comes from there!" endings, or just such a semi-conventional thriller. <br /> <br /> But it's a surprise that pays off because Altman is able to capture some of the very fine behavior, or rather is able to coax it out of a very well-molded ensemble of a small Georgian environment. The film drips with the atmosphere (if not all in all superlative craft, sometimes it is good and sometimes just decent for Altman), as Savannah may be hit by a great hurricane, and swamp and swamp and rain keep things soft and humid and humid . So the atmosphere is really powerful, but also the notions of (sometimes) hysterical Kenneth Branaugh, Embeth Davitz as the "woman" that lawyer Branaugh is hit by, and Robert Downey Jr (when is he not * good?) As a private detective in Branaugh's employment. Did I defeat Robert Duvall, who in just five minutes of screen time makes such an indelible impression to hang the bad vibes in the picture? As I said, some of the plot is a little weak or just a kind of standard (lawyer is divorced, bitter custody, innocent and foolish children), but at the same time I think Altman saw something captivating in the material, somewhat darker than some of the other Grisham works, who has this in one way or another. If it is not quite masterful, it still works on its limited terms as a will-next mystery-southern noir.
