Steven Spielberg wanted to win an Oscar so badly that he figured he wouldn't win by fixing special effects epics (he was nominated for three of them: "Close Encounters of the Third Kind", "Raiders of the Lost Ark" "ET: The Extra-Terrestrial." So he decided to be very serious by instructing "The Color Purple", a special feature film without any special effects. Spielberg's first serious drama is a remarkable movie, but the academic voters who voted back In 1985 still did not give Spielberg any respect. "The Color Purple" received 11 Oscar nominations, including Best Picture, but Spielberg was unjustly stumbled when he was not nominated for Best Director. Win a single Oscar, it was completely closed, it wasn't right "The Color Purple" should have won a couple of Oscars, including one for Whoopi Goldberg's spectacular movie debut as Celie, a woman suffering from a violent man's Ducks (terribly placed by Danny Glover), so get s throngs throughout the movie thanks to some special friends. Oprah Winfrey also made her film debut here and gives a fantastic performance like Sofia, one of Celie's friends. Since I am from Chicago, I had already known Winfrey from her talk show (which at the time of this movie's release had not gone nationwide). Like Goldberg, what a movie debut! Margaret Avery is great as Shug Avery, another friend who also happens to be a mistress of Celie's rat man. All three actresses received well-deserved Oscar nominations for their work here (Goldberg for Best Actress, Winfrey and Avery for Best Supporting Actress). Seen in the south in the first half of the 20th century, "The Color Purple" is a movie so strong that it made me cry at the end. It also made me laugh at times too. Why academic voters were so hard not to nominate Spielberg for best director is a mystery that still puzzles me today. But Spielberg would continue to win two Oscars years later for "Schindler's List" and "Save Private Ryan", making him one of the best film directors of all time. But he should have been nominated for this movie. The job he went from special effects blockbusters to "E.T." For a serious drama like "The Color Purple" was remarkable. <br /> <br /> **** (out of four)
