In Joel Schumacher you have one of the most inconsistent filmmakers from all the time. But this is common knowledge; I think his biggest problem is the number of genres he covers, while he doesn't develop any particular style that can feel him an author. Hitchcock liked his excitement and his horror / thriller; Chaplin liked his comedy; Scorsese likes his criminal-run mafia stories among others, and Spielberg likes his big, big budget adventure movie, combining just enough violence for the adults and fun for the kids. Other more unclear examples are Kubrick and Welles, who covered too much to write about here. <br /> <br /> But Schumacher is the kind of guy who makes a fake movie about a good idea or a really enjoyable movie that revolves around an apparently boring premise. Falling Down had a good idea behind it, but I found it flawless and anticlimactic with too many scenes apparently relying on comedy. Batman is a superhero; superhero film has been big hits recently, so how he managed to make not one, but two scary superhero films, is beyond me. Then comes 8MM; a movie with a basic premise that is performed in an impressive way before Tigerland, which is Schumacher's best film from what I have seen so far. With the war genre, laughter is not something you want to connect with most of the time. I remember scoffing at the absurdity of the D-Day landings during Spar private ryan: when I first saw the movie, I didn't have much knowledge of the Second World War bar when it started and ended. My eyebrows were up, my mouth slightly open with a weak 'I can't believe that smile' on my face. Needless to say, it was because of the movie I was seeking to learn a little more about what that event was about and the war as a whole. In Tigerland you are invited to laugh at the absurdity of the war through Bozz (Farrell), a hard and selfish soldier education for the Vietnam War. <br /> <br /> But what's smart here is that there is no jaw that overthrows war scenes of fighting and death and destruction; only one man and his battle with the system for most of the time. The things he says and the inexperience he is dealing with are reminders of a schoolchild who runs a number of teachers at an extremely strict boarding school. Tigerland can borrow from the Full Metal Jacket in the sense that it is a training routine for the Vietnam War, but the ego and superego play more of a role here, I think. Superego, who is the drill sergeant, goes up against Bozz, whose ego is extremely large. There is also the third part of Freud's triangle that falls into Bozz: ID. Compared to all the other soldiers who all have pretty big egos, Bozz is the only brave to show it in front of the sergeants, suggesting that he allows what he doesn't have to do to float to the surface and express himself: "You are all dead in this situation! "barks a sergeant. "Any questions?" "Yes, if I'm dead, how do I ask a question?" replies Bozz, whose penalties like push-ups and dirt eat seem to un-faze him in true id style; That is he enjoys the punishment. <br /> <br /> Also, with regard to supergos, Bozz is trying at some point to control a group of soldiers in field training. This is something that the existing captain of the squad cannot do, suggesting that he lacks both the superego required for the job and the confidence to tell Bozz that he is responsible. What follows is an actual conversation between Bozz and an existing drill sergeant giving him his Christian name. This is where Private Wilson's character (Whigham) character steps: His uncontrollable rage and anger at Bozz explode at a certain time, culminating in the film's only real scenes of a shootout in the form of a training exercise in a river. Wilson can't control his impulses and doesn't like Bozz and acts. <br /> <br /> What I also liked about Tigerland is that it's shot in such a way that it's brave. Though lacking in innovation, Tigerland seems to be using lower class movie stocks or smaller cameras to get across its gritty look. Make no mistake that this could have been a beautiful movie with lots of color and appeal. But we get a documentary approach in the final piece, so everything looks like it was shot on a typical daily camera for TV; The importance of handhelds is also evident, but Schumacher is clever: he never allows the movie to become too much like a mockumentry, while suggesting the film's budget could have been half what it was. It is worth saying here that Spielberg said he would save private Ryan to resemble the actual role play or something in that direction and as if it were recorded from the war scenes. While he was very fun and entertaining, Tigerland is still a good study of what makes people not necessarily crawl in war but in the near possible replacement. Its investigation into a man and how much he hates the system that he can't even take it seriously is fascinating as every soldier runs. There are several memorable scenes and situations that culminate in a happy, if not unhappy ending that opens your mind and makes you think about what it might be right in the military.
