Will and Ted's lively journey is an existential journey through the themes of mortality, religion, time, heaven and hell, man's search for fame and his fears that the body is being overcome by a rare machine. It is the most intelligent work of fiction since Paradise Lost and refers to many amazing past works of art-Dante, Iron Maiden, Virgil, Shakespeare. This time, the pigeons are a famous rock band who have traveled through time collecting icons from the past Napolean, Joan Of Ark (Noah's wife), Oscar Wilde and Charles Darwin. They took the skills they learned from each of these people, abducted a few princesses, and finally learned to play their guitars and write songs. These songs teach the world to love again and war, hunger, evil are overcome for eternity. We are moving forward in the distant future, where an evil dictator who despises good music is called Simon Cow-Al, who will rule the world. He eats Rooshus (the cool guy from the first movie to help Bill Playboy Esquire and Ted Theodore Alvin) and power to send two cyborgs back in time. Cyborgs are living tissue over metal exoskeleton and coated in mimetic poly alloy allowing them to survive the turmoil of time travel, and they can mimic all those samples by physical contact. It's their job to kill the good Biff and Fred and take over their lives by making horrible music that no one liked. Doing so will change the world forever - Gryll and Jed's music will never be left behind a world of war, famine and hatred and more annoying gentle girl / girl group pop music. There is an exciting twist as the good guys are actually killed, and they must prepare a way to save the world, themselves and their wives from the evil dopplebangers who are in their bodies. <br /> <br /> Penelope Spheerhead shows her knowledge of both youth culture and true culture by blending modern music and sentences with postmodern sets and artistic references and seeking to teach us everything by immersing ourselves in our psyche to show ourselves . She presents the nightmares that were confronted with the late 80s teenage in a society that had left them and called us to dissect post-structuralist jingism, self-love and the disadvantage of time. Let us believe that we can really change the world, it is an inspirational message, but to achieve such dreams we must cross and in fact face our nightmare. Overcoming is succeeding, defeating death is the first step in truly living and not just survival. With Kenneth Reeves words - "Wow!" Best scene: For a fun game - see how many songs, tapes and albums cover references you can see throughout the movie. There are at least 6.
