Ying, a Chinese girl who speaks Czech, invited us to screen a Czech film (with English subtitles) in the Institute for Visual and Environmental Studies (VES). It was the first time I saw Samotáři (Loners, 2000) and it was pretty good. As in many other Czech films, the seven key characters seem to have a rather difficult and dirty life; The internet indicates that this theme was popular among American films in the early 1990s. Their relationship breaks up, combines and recombines. Another typical feature of Czech films is that none of the characters are designed to be a universally negative, and neither of them is a permanent positive character either. You can also see how the characters judge the functions of others depending on the context; It is a very realistic feature of the film's psychological analysis. Ondřej is a talented and married young surgeon who has two daughters. Nevertheless, you learn that he has only studied neurobiology to prove how much he loved another woman, Hanka. He is so obsessed that he repeatedly dresses as a plumber to enter Hanka's parents' house - a house which he repeatedly burns. <br /> <br /> At the same time, Hanka has a very mixed relationship with her parents. She just decides - by throwing a coin - to break up with Petr, who works in a private radio station. Hanka does not see her parents' bourgeois life as a good example, but seems rather unsuccessful in creating a better environment. But she is a very flexible figure, inasmuch as the type of her boyfriends goes. <br /> <br /> For a while, Hanka seems to have serious plans with Jakub, an innocent drug addict whose memory seems to be quite corrupted by the drugs. However, friends from his band, Jakub, announce that he already has another girlfriend. Hanka is disappointed and returns to her parents. <br /> <br /> When Hanka and Petr break up, it is organized by Robert, a matchmaker who also works for a travel agency where his job is to show the usual Czech life people to Japanese tourists. Robert - who also supplies Jakub with marijuana - is never serious about anything, and he usually sleeps with many different women; Eventually, his mother dies in a hospital and he has his own ways of dealing with depression. <br /> <br /> Vesna (a Slavic word for "spring") that came to Prague from Macedonia, acts as a barmaid - and you won't learn if she came to the Czech Republic to see her father or ufo. She seems rather confused, but sometimes helps the other characters from their problems. <br /> <br /> Petr works in the radio station and he is the only one who likes his job - a job he eventually loses. He announces to his audience that he broke up with Hanka - how Ondřej learns about the news that makes him very happy. Finally, Ondře's wife Lenka is always willing to forgive him and stabilize their marriage - even after Ondřej asks a magician to make him disappear, so Ondřej can try to catch Hanka again. (The sorcerer pays his debt because he is the brother of a victim of an important car accident - Jakub and Hanka bring the victim to the hospital and Ondřej saves his life.) Lenka also works for the travel agency - who translates - and eventually she has to translate some hysterical scenes for 20 or so Japanese tourists who shoot their film during Hanka's parents' dinner. The seven characters interact in interesting and exciting ways that would be natural if Prague was less of four orders of magnitude. Given the actual size of the Czech capital, it seems a little unlikely that all of these events will take place among seven people, but it's fun.
