This is the first American movie to successfully adopt the naturist style that Europeans, especially the French and Belgian, have used for at least a decade, and is it not time? After three high school girls in the Crown Heights neighborhood of Brooklyn in the last days of their summer vacation between freshman and sophomore years, it does what every good art should: it discovers universal in that particular. Although the girls' footage is outwardly conventional - boys, sex, popularity, money, freedom and clothing - we look at how their entire lives are shaped, the universal interface between character and destiny. <br /> <br /> Naturalism is whole, complete. The film breathes, remains present, resides real time. The story tells itself. The media and its artifacts, for once, are not the message. The film undoubtedly provides the childhood perspective with its figures; It does not impose its own adult meaning or morality. Details emerge from their own, are never pushed, and thus they seem more real and powerful for their understatement. Although great pain has been taken to capture the authentic social reality of Crown Heights, part of the largest black ghetto in New York City and one of the most dangerous violent places in the United States, the subject is childhood in the ghetto, not the ghetto itself. <br /> <br /> The documentary of the training exercises in a marching band, Jackie Robinson Steppers, periodically replaces the film with an explosion of color, movement and sound. Otherwise, the camera remains very close, very intimate, a patient, blurred and discreet observer. The language is rich, spontaneous, the actor transparent. Some scenes standout as the girls lolling about, each revealing her deepest fantasies. Lanisha's announcement of her acceptance of a death with random violence is the most shocking one of the deepest scars in the ghetto. She shares with her mother her confusion and fear of the growing challenges of adulthood is just as moving and beautiful, carelessly affirmative. Social realities are respected, not propagated: All three girls are raised by single Moms, only one, Lanisha, has a father active in his life (and not by chance of the three, she is the most emotionally stable and empathetic of others and the one with the most selvrespektive). Two of them suffer from asthma, a disease that is disproportionate in the inner city. Gunfire, an accepted daily event, only interrupts their conversation temporarily. Only one of the girls, Joy, feels hoped for, feels she has control over the future, while the other two have already accepted despair to varying degrees. <br /> <br /> This is by far the best dramatic American movie I've seen this year. See it, see it, see it.
