I reflect back to those days when I held my girlfriend hat to smell him in existence in my time alone when I was 16. The little moments in this movie are so accurate and just as it goes on in mind and hearts of young people girls under the age of teenage years. Now in my age, I will preach to them about their decisions and how life in those times is not as important as it all works in those moments. That if they can be patient in their youth and wait to experience life's adversity both externally and internally, life would be so much sweeter. But then again, young people today face some variables that I never had to deal with a youth. <br /> <br /> The three main characters played by all three actors (Kerry Wahington - Lanisha, Anna Simpson - Joycelyn and Melissa Martinez-Maria) give us the very credible portrayal of a piece of reality for young girls who live in poor situations. They have poor family lives, all of which are raised by single mothers with the expectation of Lanisha whose father is present but does not actively support her daily. They have poor education systems and lack direct contact with the achievement of role models. These situations greatly affect them and are their reality, but all of this does not have any particular depressive concern for these young women in their daily lives. They dodge their situation and focus on the same things young girls all over the world are worried about. Finding true love in a man, having good friends that you can trust, get some respect / love and responsibility from parents and enjoy life. This is where this film crosses the race, age and gender difference imposed upon it by its characters and the attitude in which it is stamped. <br /> <br /> The director and writer McKay explains on the DVD how each of the scenes came into his head by simply observing young people of the age who lived in these neighborhoods. In addition, you add three up and coming actresses who are not so far removed from the time of their own life that you get a really good synergy of reality and act at its best. The only thing I know about (African Americans and Hispanics) is that there is always a spiritual family member or neighbor who is in the foreground or near the earth and believes in a better day and better life and future despite it current situation and is a role modeling there to some extent. This was never touched in the film for not preaching, and I understand it, but it also narrows the culture to have no hope of anything but itself. <br /> <br /> HOPE FACTOR: I'm thinking about my future and where I've come from and saying that Lanisha did "Today is a good day. 'Yes, poverty still exists, racism, sexism and any other ism that we can add. Yes, some of these young girls' actions continue isms and are self-destructive, everything around them is poor, but none of those actions past or neither present nor their environment leaves them without hope of a bright future. I was left with sad hopes of each of the characters and a deeper desire to be a role model in the life of a young girl on the edge of making a destructive decision. I suppose it is the value of movies, it should not only entertain but cause each of us to think, reflect, and then act in a positive way to make this world a better place. <br /> <br />
