"One day we will be in the rays of a beautiful sun. Some days when the world is much brighter" - The 5 Stairsteps "Ooh Child" <br /> <br /> Films about black teens usually involve inner city gangs that treat drugs or committing violence to a hip hop soundtrack. Movies about everyday problems with ordinary inner city teens are hard to find but there is an undiscovered gem that I would recommend. Our song, by Jim McKay, is about three girls in the Crown Heights section of Brooklyn, who learn that their high school is being closed to asbestos removal and has to decide their future direction, one that may involve their separate ways. The story is told from a 15-year point of view, not from an adult reminiscent of the past as in most movies in the years to come. To avoid the mandatory street hose and excessive use of F-words, it provides an honest and loving portrait of three friends on a crossroads in their lives. The girls: Lanisha (Kerry Washington), Joycelyn (Anna Simpson) and Maria (Melissa Martinez) are in their sophomore years at the local high school. They are active members of Jackie Robinson Steppers, a truly marched band whose rehearsals for a Labor Day parade provide discipline and purpose for their lives. <br /> <br /> Similar to David Gordon Green's George Washington, but less stylized, the movie shows non-professional black and Latin actors with Kerry Washington as a standout. While the performance has some amateur moments, I became so involved in the story that I forgot the girls themselves were present. Maria, whose father is in prison, has learned that she is pregnant by Terrell, a local student. She wants the baby even though she is only 15 and knows that Terrell is unlikely to be of great help. Joycelyn works in an upscale dress store, but dreams of becoming a singer. In a very exciting scene in her bedroom, she pretends to talk to her fans and then lies in bed to recite one of her poems. She is close to Lanisha and Maria at the beginning, but runs off to make friends outside the neighborhood. None of the girls receive much support at home and Maria is too scared to tell her mother about her baby herself. Nevertheless, single moms are not typical movie deadbeats or alcoholics. They are warm and loving parents whose time with their children is limited due to the pressure to support the family. <br /> <br /> Lanisha's parents are divorced, but she is able to visit her father, a doorman in a luxury apartment, and talk about music. Her mother is comforting when Lanisha learns that a friend in the neighborhood has committed suicide, a somewhat melodramatic plot point in an otherwise realistic movie. As the summer turns down, the girls slide apart and decide on a different course. There are no great dramatic moments, but only the sad recognition of inevitable change. Although we have no blinds on the frustrations that can await them, we identify with their hopes and dreams without dwelling on the negative. Our song is an emotionally satisfying film about growing up in projects that refuse to see life on terms other than the opportunity.
