When you begin to see this animation masterpiece, you quickly notice that it is a European production. Although Europeans (unfortunately) have integrated some of the clichés you normally find in an American production of this kind, most are missing. One of these is that there is an overwhelming evil that only our (very few and very unlikely) heroes can overcome. Another is that one of the groups is only in the store for the money, is greedy, runs away when the heat is up, but somehow gives in to its better nature. This movie would have been better without both. <br /> <br /> The movie is based on a television series that was released four years before the movie. Unlike the movie, the TV series is a comic book and not a computer animation. At first I thought the computer would kill the charm and character of the plot, but I was quickliy convinced: who had the animation knowledge of his or her stuff! Although the characters are of course fictitious (in still pictures they do not even look right), they seem to be alive and alive as the audience after their search. Making signs that by "normal" standards could be considered deformed (those microbes could never carry the giant body even make it leap) so vivid and lovable is more than "just a highlight"! The creation of the world is another masterpiece. Not so much because of its appearance, but because of the ingenuity of it. The world our heroes travel is not solid as our own but is made of many pieces of soil varying in shape and size that seem to be floating in the middle air. When a person steps on a smaller piece of land, it nods a bit like a spring from the weight. In some cases, up and down no longer apply, but our heroes still manage a place. Although the floating island world is completely surreal, in this movie it is absolutely credible, and after a short time it does not seem to be any weather than to drive into a car somewhere in New York. I wrote that the world's appearance is not as breathtaking as the idea. As true as it may be to me, the quality of the world, the characters and the attention to detail are staggering. Although the faces of the characters have relatively few characteristics, emotions can be read as clearly as in Sean Connery's or Dustin Hoffman's face. The world around the signs is wonderfully colorful and no two settings are the same. The background is always on, something is always happening, which makes the world seem even more vibrant. If you stop the movie and look at the background, you will be surprised at how many details you can find. The existence of Hector actually puts the cherry on top. Hector is a furry little "thing" (possibly the same as a dog in our world) that is absolutely lovable and extremely fun. Although he is not really important to the main plot, he would be missed as Scrat would be in the ice age. The really cool thing about Hector is that you have to speak Gibberish to understand him. <br /> <br /> If the movie is so big, why didn't I give it 10 stars? Now the plot itself was quite thin. Two hunters are sent out to save the world from a really bad dragon who wants to swallow the world, is not entirely original. That in itself would not be much of a problem. What I missed was the background information. What kind of dragon was this, and why did it look that way? I love mythical stories, but if they get too thin, they seem to be written after the movie has finished with a weak attempt to give it all a depth. Another thing I did not like was Zoé. Although a little girl like her could be considered sweet, she was a little pain in this movie. She seemed rather resilient to all forms of learning about reality, kept dreaming of some from a history book, and actually slowed down the others. She would have been ok if she had developed a little more and a little earlier in the movie - or had been less of a velvet to begin with. To me, the idea of ​​this girl who was there to twist the story was a little return to the authors. <br /> <br /> All in all, this is a great movie in virtually every age.
