My first impression would be that this is Beowulf only with all the good pieces of fighting Grendel and dragons intact, making it a tension route from start to finish. Written by Frederic Lanoir and Arthur Qwak, the two have created a stunning landscape that becomes a character in itself within their history with its ever-changing environment consisting of small, earthy surfaces, which can either be desert areas or green globes. <br /> <br /> The story is a simple one that tells of a country that is cowering in anticipation of a mighty drawn unwanted visit to loot and destroy, and the resident knights have all been destroyed. Enter the King's grandson Zoe (Marie Drion), who gathers Lian-Chu (Vincent Lindon), a great brute with tremendous strength, but really a gentle giant, and his partner Gwizdo (Patrick Timsit) who balances the partnership with his cunning brain. Lian-Chu and Gwizdo (along with their pet's creature who proudly spies on emerging fires) share a common dream of owning a farmland and spending idyllic days caring for their pets, but to do so, the requirement to be economical free and hence their career in monster extermination, which does not even pay. <br /> <br /> It's pretty much the core of it, but what makes this movie a play is its CG graphics that are solid, detailed, and eye-catching. It has some wonderfully crafted sets of actions that were carefully designed to draw you into the thick action, and during these battle sequences there is a dull moment. Photorealistic moments of non-existent landscapes make you the ultimate fantasy of make-belief, and it is easy to honor the landscape that goes beyond the usual three suns and a kaleidoscope of flying tingamajigs (here you have George!) And I couldn't get enough of the final battle, even though the usual bricks will find fault with the infinite principles. <br /> <br /> I suppose this movie had opened my eyes to the fact that there are many more computer-animated companies out there around the world that have quality in their product to suit Pixars. And it's definitely a movie that Zodiac's local filmmakers can learn from the race begins and legend of the sea. to keep the story effective, and let your moving artwork do all that is spoken. Definitely highly recommended!
