Originally, I would have thought that secret sunshine had something critical to say about religion (and here is Christianity) and wondered if it would be a riot against the evil of blindness or the manipulative power of those who are allegedly sanctified than you . It was surprising that it was not of this kind and was largely non-judgmental, to initiate events as a matter of fact and allow the audience to draw their own judgment and conclusion. <br /> <br /> And I can't help but chuckle in the role of Song Kang-ho, a man who has a taste for the single-child Shin-ae (Jeong Do-yeon), and begins to walk in church when she does. The reasons for going to church are many, I suppose, either to find inner peace, to seek help, to be afraid of eternal condemnation in hellfire, to confirm faith or even things like getting married in a church or skirt hunting ( I'm not asking you). But for each one's own reason to turn up in church every Sunday and join prayer groups for fellowship, what is actually dangerous, is when the underlying backgrounds are not satisfied and that is when frustration is put in. Or when you discover how hypocritical a man can portray a face inside the house of God and show another outside. <br /> <br /> Shin-ae and her son Jun move to the city of Miryang, the birthplace of her late husband. Wanting to start life again, she opens a piano business to give lessons, although she discovers her new, free freedom and in a moment of lack of good judgment another tragedy has taken place. And it takes an hour to get to. Secret Sunshine really took time to come to this point where things are starting to become a little more interesting with Shin-ae, now taking to embrace religion to handle and accept her present state and soak up the comfort that religion and accomplices , can offer. What began as crying for sympathy turns into acceptance and belief that religion offers that silver ball to solve the evil of all people, and sometimes you wonder if it is because of your personal myopic perception of what the Almighty makes you start adopting a somewhat selfish opinion that everything is good to go your way, and in Shin-ae's case, her grandiose attitude to forgive others who had violated her, and forgot something very basic, The feeling can also cut both ways. The last act is probably the most fun of the party, as it says enough where most of us can identify with - why me and why not someone else whom we rage against our faith and start questioning, unfortunately without quick and quick answers available. It is whether we fall by the way or continue with devastating deeds so rebelliously. But somehow, the plug gets carefully pulled into Secret Sunshine, not to offend, and what might have been a nasty draft, was subdued. <br /> <br /> If you bite into the hype, generate this movie, maybe you will realize only Jeong Dohon's excellent portrayal is worth mentioning as she completely owns her role as the widow Shin-ae, which is probably the most eerie person on earth who has to deal with the many tragedies in a short time and if you look at it carefully, most of which are by themselves. When she looks at her transformation, the ticket price is worth it, and despite having my personal favorite Korean actor Song Kang-ho in the movie, it's something he just breezed right through.
