The most interesting thing about Miryang (Secret Sunshine) is the actors. Jeon Do-yeon, the main character of Lee Shin-ae, is a woman with a young son whose husband is dead in a tragic accident and who leaves Seoul to live in Miryang, who was his hometown with his young son. Jeon's face is very changeable. She is beautiful, flirtatious, elegant, aged and sad, desperate and happy, with it and terribly isolated by swing, and that's all in her face. The movie also originates from Song Kang-ho as Kim, a man who meets her when her car breaks down in Miryang, which happens to drive a garage in the city and who follows her constantly after her apparent lack of interest in his attention . Song is the biggest star in Korea right now known for its work with Park Chan-wook and Bong Joon-ho (Sympathy for Mr. Vengeance; Memories of Murder and The Host). And yet here he plays a smooth character, almost a forgotten man. But of course he makes him interesting and curiously appealing. He is the crucial ballast to keep Jeon's character from floating away. <br /> <br /> Lee Shin-ae is a piano teacher. She comes to the new city, which is a neutral place, a kind of poor man's Seoul, a city "just like anywhere else" that Kim says (just like he is in a way like everyone else). Her little boy is sharp, as little boys are, but clearly damaged and withdrawn at times too. His father used to spin, and when he misses him, he lies awake and pretends to spin. He goes to school, and Shin-ae meets parents and students and shopkeepers. There is a sense of space in the movie, although the place is in a way "anywhere." People speak in the local dialect, and everyone knows everything, and Shin-ae's Seoul origin is immediately seen. Is life really harder here, away from the big city and its sophistication? Shin-ae doesn't seem to realize the danger she's in. Something terrible happens. And Shin-ae doesn't necessarily handle it the best possible. But that happens, and she must face the consequences. But she can't. She breaks. An offender is trapped, but there is no comfort. Eventually she becomes so desperate, she relies and goes to a Christian meeting again, a friend has pushed her to participate. She finds peace and releases with this. But when she decides not only to forgive the perpetrator, but to go to jail to tell him, this experience is full of irony and it destroys her again. She becomes angry and desperate, and she no longer finds comfort in religion. And it gets worse than that. <br /> <br /> Jeon Do-yeon gives her all in this extremely demanding and protean role. Lee Chang-dong can be a very good director. If an actor of Song Kang-ho's style expresses immense admiration for him, it is convincing. According to Scott Foundas of LA Weekly, Lee's first three films, Green Fish (1997), Peppermint Candy (2000) and Oasis (2002) have marked him as "one of the leading characters in his country's latest cinematic renaissance." But it's not as successful a movie as the other Korean directors whose work I've seen, such as Yong Sang-Soo, Bong Joon-ho and the amazing, almost perverted Park Chan-wook. It can actually begin as Foundas says that as some "Asian Alice does not live here renewed" and then "suddenly and without warning" turns into "something of a thriller, and once upon a time, an almost bitter investigation into human suffering." But that progression does not only seem to be random and indigestible. the film cuts and loses its propulsion towards the end and then simply slides out without any sense of end. There are also weaknesses in the action. Shin-ae takes foolish chances with his son and makes bad choices all the time. If she is mad as Betty in Jean-Jacques Beineix Betty Blue, who can explain her peculiar and wrong choices, it is not something that is properly developed. This is an interesting movie, certainly a disturbing one, but one that leaves a questionable and unsatisfied after putting one through an emotionally charged wringer. An official selection of the New York Film Festival presented at Lincoln Center, 2007 ?? An event that has made right of Korean filmmakers lately.
