The Corean cinema can be quite surprising to an independent audience because of the many tones and genres you can find in the same movie. In a Coreen drama like this "Secret Sunshine" you will also find some comical parts, thriller scenes and romantic times. "There is not only tragedy in life, there is also tragic comedy," says at a time of the film the character interpreted by Song Kang-ho, which summarizes the mixture of the image. But don't make me wrong, this heterogeneity of the genres covered by the movie adds veracity to the experience that this rich movie offers to its spectators. It does not mean that it lacks consensus: on the contrary, it is rare to see such a close and deep portrait of a woman in pain. <br /> <br /> Shin-ae, who is in search of a quiet life with her son in the native city of his late husband, truly gives all the various suffering of suffering she goes through, agreeing in this movie. It's realistic part is deleted by the psychological descriptions of all the phases that the poor mother goes through. Denial, Lost, Anger, Faith, Reality Reality: The movie slows down all the steps that character crosses and resembles a psychological catalog of all the stages of suffering a woman can experience. <br /> <br /> The only thing is to accept what can look like a conceptual experience (the woman carries the mask of tragedy, the man represents the comic interludes) and lets art objects in the film touch you. I have to say that some parts of the movie really move me (especially in the beginning), especially those related to Chang Joan's ability to really help the one he loves, but also that the accumulation of suffering emotionally tends towards the end. Nevertheless, some cinematic ideas are truly breathtaking and surprising (for example, the scene where a body is discovered in a great shot is amazing). This kind of scene makes the "Secret Sunshine" melee equivalent of "The Host" for horror movies or "Memories of Murder" for thrillers. These movies are truly surprising, most original, aesthetically incredible, and capable of giving another dimension to the genres they deal with. The only thing that "Secret Sunshine" forgets as the "host" forgot to be scary is to make the audience cry: bad point for a melodrama, but good point for a good movie.
