Secret Sunshine marks the return of director Lee Changdong to the film-making world after a multi-year absence. He has three critically acclaimed films already under his belt, and now recruits veteran thespian Jeon Doyeon and her significant (Cannes-winning) talents to Lee Shinae's primary role. What follows is a journey through a woman's tragedy and an exploration of her handling mechanisms. One of the things that becomes apparent while watching Secret Sunshine is that it is not right to care about following a particular genre, but rather captures genre traits when necessary to convey what it is trying to do. convey. The story itself follows Lee Shinae as she moves with her son to the town of Milyang (whose Chinese-Korean translator to Secret Sunshine). She moves to Milyang followed by her husband's death as it was his hometown, so the movie was born from tragedy. And you think things might just get better when she opens a piano shop and meets a bit of a bumbling nice-guy mechanic Jongchan (played by Song Kangho). But this is not a romantic comedy. As we (and Jongchan, doggedly) follow Shinae when she meets Milyang and the fate it has in the store for her, the cracks in her armor become apparent. She is a troubled woman trying to understand her own strength to overcome the tragedy, and we see, when she finds that it is not enough. The secret sunshine still manages to follow a most aristocratic dramatic arc, but retreats on catharsis, which may disturb some viewers, especially the end, but the Romanist symbolism present in Milyang's name, the sunshine discussions and the images of the image used in movie very well left me happy when i began to think about the movie some more. <br /> <br /> Ms. The Jeon is pretty impressive everywhere, especially considering that if the role was less successful, it would quickly have been a rather painful melodrama, but she captures shades of Shinae's attempt to handle her loss with a layer of subtlety. Mr. Song has a much smaller role in this movie than other films, but he does enough, appropriately, gives stage to Mrs Jeon. Technically, the film is well done in the classical sense. No flashy aesthetics are employed here - the director clearly tries to let the story tell himself. I think my only real complaint and one that may not be resolved is that, despite the whole time we spend with shinae, there is a little distance between the shinae and the audience (or at least me). I think some of this stems from the nature of the work, because if you were pushed into total empathy, we would not be able to see the problems that shinae has objectively. On the other hand, I have never felt moved along with Shinae's situation, despite her many tears and increasingly irregular behavior. Still, the film is still quite impressive, especially because it stimulated me to think about it, the additional meanings that are present in it and its ruminations of tragedy, coping, self-deception, isolation and belief in me well after the credits were finished. . Powered by a strong driving performance, I honestly didn't notice its 2.25 hour runtime. And that says something. Well done. 8.10.
