Secret Sunshine (2007) is famous for its awards at the Festival de Cannes in 2007 and other film festivals. Jeon-Do Yeon, who played the recent widow Shin-ae, won the best actress trophy at the 60th Cannes festival. Secret Sunshine was also a winner of best feature film, and Jeon-Do Yeon received a best actress from the Asia Pacific Screen Awards. In addition, this film won the best movie prizes in almost all Korean film festivals. Masterfully written and directed and uniquely photographed, Secret Sunshine expressed the hope and salvation that can be found when life is painful because of the continued tragedy. This film also talked about the forgiveness of God and man. Lee Chang Dong, director and author of this film, said in an interview: "In a great sense, I wanted to express what love is and this movie could be a melodrama in a way. Without love, we cannot talk about hope and salvation. "Lee acknowledged that Secret Sunshine had no apparent genre. This movie is not a film about religion, but it highlighted many Christians in Korea because there were many Christian elements in the film. The turning point of Secret Sunshine comes when Jun, Shina's son, is kidnapped and killed. Kidnapper asks for money because he assumes that since she can buy land, she must be rich. Her lie gives much grief. <br /> <br /> Shin-ae becomes a church-goer and wants to forgive the killer. She decides to visit her son's murderer in prison and forgive him. Jong-chan, Shin-ae's boyfriend, says, "Just forgive in your heart. Do you have to go to jail?" Her companions are cheering for her and saying they will pray for her. Her pastor agrees with what she wants to do. It is a sad moment because it is too early for her to do an action. The result of the meeting with the killer is another turning point in Shin-ae's life. The murderer says with a peaceful smile that he has already been forgiven of God. These sparks anger in her toward God. She says, "How could you forgive the man before I forgive me?" <br /> <br /> She begins to fight against God. She looks up to the sky and proclaims, "I will not lose you." She becomes a snare, her heart is a trap, and her hands are chains. It's more bitter than death. She becomes crazier and crazier and is sent to a mental hospital. On the day, Shin-ae departs from the hospital, goes to a beauty shop and sees a familiar face. The daughter of her son's murderer works in the shop and cuts her hair. The daughter of the murder has helped the kidnapped Shin-ae's son. While she is shearing Shin-ae's hair, the protagonist can't understand what's going on and gets out of the store quickly. It's not hard to talk about Jong-chan in the movie. Jong-chan does his best to be at the Shin-aes side. Even though Shin-ae doesn't care about him at all, he's next to her all the time. Shin-ae leaves the church fast, but Jong-chan, who began to attend church because of Shin-ae, stays there because he feels peace with God. Secretary of Secret Sunshine Lee Chang-dong says Jong-chan is like Milyang (secret sunshine), rural or vice versa. He seems to be "too secular and passionate, but he is always two steps behind her and takes care of her. Milyang is like him." Mr. Lee adds, "Someone was crying that Jong-chan could be an angel. I think he could be the angel. Who knows? We can't say there is no angel." If there is a person like Jong-chan who follows forever with the words of his loved one, we can defend ourselves against the superpower. Shin-ae's life is full of meaningless. Her husband died when he cheated on her, and her only son was killed by a murderer as she moved to her husband's hometown. And her soul was damaged because she wrongly taught Christianity ?? And that makes her crazy, literally. It's too easy to say that her life is full of meaningless. Does she still have hope in her life? Can she find meaning in her life? The final scene gives us hope. Shin-ae is trying to cut hair by itself: we go on our own journey. However, she realizes that it is difficult to do it herself and we know that we cannot do everything ourselves. We see Jong-chan holding the mirror for her while she is cutting her hair. It's her hope. She has Jong-chan next to her and he is willing to help her whatever the situation she is. As I mentioned earlier, Jong-chan is like an angel to her. If we feel that an angel is always next to and behind us, we can find joy in life, even though we face adversity in our lives. <br /> <br /> Secret Sunshine was a hot topic of conversation in Korea. It's like the Da Vinci Code. While the Da Vinci Code helps us discuss early church history, Secret Sunshine asks us to handle the messiness of life and find meaning when life seems unbearable. With a thorough interpretation of the film, people misunderstand Christianity and its theology. With a deeper interpretation, this movie will help us look below the surface. Some people say they have gone from attending church worship after seeing Secret Sunshine, and Lee Chang-dong reacts by saying, "They were already anti-Christ before they saw this movie. Secret sunshine is a life story about a woman, and we can interpret our lives through the life of Shin-ae.
