Lee Chang-dong's exceptional "Secret Sunshine" is this year's most emotional ravaging experience. It is an instant brilliantly, brutally honest character on the loss of loss and a graceful memento mori that resonates with a striking density density, but remains as impenetrable as the emotions it observes. Through its layered naturalism and astonishing trenchant view of the small town dynamics, Lee implicitly deconstructs the traditional Korean melodrama by pulling the film's surplus and tearing to tear the arches that shape its characters and justify the case of a crushing slime of stoic realism. <br /> <br /> The "Secret Sunshine" remains a tremendously convincing, fluid work throughout its 142-minute lifetime. Its bravura's first hour is filled to the surface with sub-textual insinuations, remarkable foreshadowing, and clever tones of tone evoked by humanistic passion. Adapted from a short story, Lee infiltrates the film with its sensitivity to the sublime paradox of life, last seen in his transgressive comic and irreverent "Oasis". Understanding how personal revolutions are falsified when views of our universe change, Lee not only sees the emotional disaster of the widow's grief through a scope of investigation, but also feels the tumultuous currents that support the film when religion becomes a narrative scapegoat in the understanding of The evil of the human experience. Do-yeon Jeon's ("You Are My Sunshine") Best actress recognition in Cannes in 2007 is well deserved. Her performance as widow Shin-ae remains a relentless riddle. As a sign drawn apart by forces beyond her control, the glorious grandeur of this achievement is central to the movie's turbulent character. With the Jeon setting up a cyclonic upheaval after another, there is a sad sense of collapse that the movie to its credit never approaches. Instead, it finds a delicate balance covering the charged theatricality and subsequent banality of ordinary tragedies and its fallout. She becomes the center of the film's universe as well as ours. Filmed in glorious handheld CinemaScope, the movie feature frames and compositions turn out to be visually acute, as is silent enough when the camera never refrains from the eyes of Shin-ae through times of happiness, guilt and repentance. <Br /> <br /> Lee captures the details of life in the small, suspicious city of Miryang ?? the inappropriate of municipal situations, its unpleasant silence and its devastation spun out of personal dramas. Shin-ae's interactions with the townspeople rarely inspire yields, especially when they are only unable to cope with their son's, Jun (Seon Jung-Yeops) fault. The one recurring acquaintance is Jong-chan (Song Kang-ho), a bachelor mechanic with uncertain intentions that helps her along the way to Miryang in the enchanting open-order movie set to a captivating stream of sunlight. Singing has placed itself as a comic anti-hero in South Korea's greatest film, but his nuanced, key delivery here means that the director's thought process never has to reveal more than clearly necessary. <br /> <br /> If pain is ephemeral, grief can never resurrect. And Lee finds complexity in life. When Shin-ae tries to go down the path of reconciliation only to be confronted again with unthinkable heartbeat, she uses failed evangelical Christian fellowship as a foil for her grief. But Lee knows better than that when he understands that religion in connection with the human canvas of struggle and misery is never a simple solution. But Lee never regrets religious essence as he understands the value of salvation for some through a higher power, even though it serves some form of denial in others. The scenes in the last half that deal with religion do not allow themselves to become aggressively passionate, which is an experience in itself considering how many filmmakers allow the material's momentum to take over from what to say to be faithful against its history and characters. <br /> <br /> Lee's first film since his call to office as his country's culture and tourism minister is an uncompromising treatise on human suffering. In a movie that is so obscure and real, it reveals violently that there is nothing as simple as emotional catharsis, only oppression and diminishing pain. "Secret Sunshine" leaves us with desolate mercy pulled out of evanescence, pointing to a deep understanding of despair and faith.
