I do not intend to write this review, but after reading the standard view displayed on this movie's URL, I felt compelled to write a recall. The movie in a word is superlative. It does not deserve the horrible review the author has written. I think the author has largely missed the point in the movie. In fact, I was also dismissed by the exaggerated exhibition of evangelical devotions that occupied the center of the film to a large extent. However, I have to ask to separate from the proofreader by the fact that this movie is not a propagandism for evangelistic action. I think what the director has shown is how religion is not enough to find all the answers, how religion is largely unable to answer simple, simple questions one can ask, and everything The religion has to offer is sometimes just banal flutter of some kind. This does not show a value judgment on religion, as we must remember that religion is transmuted and expressed by ordinary, mostly well-meaning, basically good people, and they usually have no monopoly on the truth, and therefore religion cannot finally Give the ultimate answers to some questions in life. In the end, it's a matter of faith. You have to take it on faith and that's all. And if you are given faith, then you can appreciate any show of faith. And if you are not given faith, then some beliefs are tiring. It is thus at the same time instructive to note the commentary's reaction to the film. In any case, the instructor shows us that one can choose not to accept the religious interpretation of events and answers to questions, and despite the fact that life continues, and there is "secret sunshine" in this world that awaits all wounded souls, regardless their religious orientation. And that's just the core message in the movie! Please note the film's last scene if you don't get this! In the end, the film is a big and very thought-provoking and confronts you - the viewer with questions you have to answer yourself. Thus, it is a work of art that is challenging for you personally. I agree with the reviewer that the gospel stuff was a little too much. But, given the above interpretation of religion as shown in the film, I think the director was trying to balance the action, perhaps not being called an evangelist ?? basher! Actor Kang-ho Song was great as always. He is so balanced and just perfect that he is just great. He is my favorite Korean actor without a doubt. I know the actress Do-yeon Jeon got the Cannes award for best actress for this movie. However, I found no specialty in her plays. It looks like getting prizes, you just need to act convincingly in crying and hysterical scenes and everyone ?? All in all, a fantastic movie. If you don't like it ?? Please see it again and see if you get it! If it leaves you unhappy or uncomfortable or poses questions, think if that was not what the director actually aimed at through this movie in the first place!
