I love Korean movies because they have the ability to really (honestly really) capture real life. I usually watch Korean movies just for that reason alone. I've seen these directors other movies before. Whoever comes closest to the emotions I got from this is Oasis and another great movie called This Charming Girl. But my title overview must be from a chromatic perspective, so I just start doing it instead of just dusk it with praise. For a non-Christian perspective, director Chang-dong Lee has taken an impartial and almost honest divorce depiction of a modern Protestant church (regardless of denomination) warts and all. I've always been waiting for a Christian movie that really portrays the darker grooves of church life. Because Christian films tend to speak in a language different from those they want to share their faith. Many movies with religious undertones, although they have good motives, tend to have the resonance of a Disney movie or after school special. They should show life as it is. True people curse, real people lust, real people fall. And even though Christians believe that salvation is available to those who seek it, we are still being challenged by the daily life scares. And Doon Yeon's character is a completely honest and almost brutal depiction of a woman who found God, but because of the bitter reality of life, she loses the love for Him she once had. She does not deny that God exists. It's just that she refuses to accept living with the idea that he is an all loving and forgiving God. <br /> <br /> In her decency to the edges of morality and madness, her character asks questions that are in the mind of anyone, religious or not. <br /> <br /> "If God is love, why does he allow such terrible things to happen?" This movie is not true. And I think the last 10 minutes of the film, even though it is open to interpretation, leaves us a hopeless future for our protagonist and brings the idea of ​​"secret sunshine" full circle. <br /> <br /> I don't believe for a second that this movie was trying to be religious or in any way tried and set out to be. Basically, it worked even more. That's right, it's honest. And because of that, it's by far the best summary of a real Christian life I've seen on movies.
