Paul Verhoeven has one of the greatest oeuvres of any great director: he began making art house films in his home country before moving to Hollywood, where he began making subversive genre pieces, often seen as mere entertainment of the regular crowd. 1983's fourth man was the last film he made before moving to the US, and it seems to have been a transitional movie for him. From the beginning of the fourth man it is clear that the film is viewed from the perspective of the famous, yet poor author Gerard. In an apparent greeting to Carol Reed's similar title 1949 film The Third Man, the film begins with a writer taking a trip to talk to a lot of literature enthusiasts. On the other hand, the similarities end when Gerard does not run into major complications until he reaches the auditorium, and the speech itself goes fairly smoothly. Despite the relative ease with which he completes this function, we know that the author is a little uneasy as he has realistic fantasies of murdering his roommate before leaving his house, and he also has a surrealistic imagination involving one hotel he sees advertised and a detached eye grows out of a door peephole. That he sometimes has difficulty keeping his fantasies separate from reality is made clearer when an anecdote he tells is postponed as false, and he admits that he "lies the truth until he no longer knows if something was doing or did not happen. "<br /> <br /> The fourth man is full of surreal fantasies and dreams that are made more disturbing because it is very easy to see how they relate to events that we have seen and because they sometimes foreshadow events that the garden did not occur yet. Between the effectiveness of the unreal sequences and Verhoeven's meticulous editing style, it ends up being the most atmospheric film this side of Do not Look Now and such films are full of ambiguity. Unlike that film, the fourth man is also perversely fun, as Gerard's deeply held Catholic beliefs seep into every aspect of his life, including sexuality. Of course, he associates a female hair stylist he knows intimately with the Biblical Delilah, though he fears that she will remove an even more important symbol of masculinity with his scissors. In an erotic fantasy sequence that would make Luis Buñuel blush, he replaces a man he is attracted to for a lifestyle statue of Christ on the cross. The fourth man is a horror movie that manages to bring the viewer into the main character's mind while maintaining some ambiguity: It certainly seems as if Gerard is in danger, but it can just be more of his "lying truth." The film is also full of both subtle and not so subtle visual symbols that help make it a unique and satisfying movie experience.
