Seeing the FOURDE MAN (aka THE FOURTH MAN) is a somewhat disturbing and quite fascinating experience. It is a very tight and intense psychological mystery / thriller from Holland's Paul Verhoeven. He directed this movie just before he grew up with his "free-ticket to Hollywood" movie FLESH + BLOOD. In many user comments on this page I noticed the mention of Alfred Hitchcock. In fact, this movie may well be Hitchcockian, but I've also noticed early Cronenberg (the visceral), the taste of David Lynch (surrealistic historical images) and even Roman Polanski (plot-wise set-up). The funny thing is that the films from the directors I was thinking of watching the Fourth Man were first made until 1983, the year of the release of the FOURTH MAN. Then go figure. <br /> <br /> Very much credit must actually be given to the story of the original novel by Gerard Reve, this film is based on. Gerard Reve is also the protagonist's fictitious name (a troubled writer played by Jeroen Krabbé and balancing on the dangerous line of a serious psychosis). Now has anyone stopped and thought that the word "rêve" is French to "dream"? And the film has many dreamlike / nightmare sequences, often to the extent that you don't always know whether Gerard is awake or dreaming himself. Could it be accidental ...? Maybe it's just me, but I don't think so. Renée Soutendijk is quite fantastic as a leading lady (in a rather demanding role). She sometimes seems to be guilty of overworking (in a subtle way). But this aspect was clearly intended to portray the character she plays, as when this film progresses, you become uncertain of what to actually think of this lady and her intentions. Prove again what an excellent actress she is. I can add that the movie also contains several scenes that show full frontal male and female nudity, as well as some fairly explicit sex scenes (and you will even notice that some scenes and aspects were clearly the drawings of scenes later shot for Verhoeven BASIC INSTINCT). Another aspect of this film is a lot of symbolism and biblical references / images that apparently made the movie thoroughly hated by some conservative / Catholic movements at the time of its European release. No matter what makes the movie worthy of another view. Now someone recently told me that he had serious concerns about DE FOURDE MAN. One of them is that the film maneuvers itself in a position where it needs the Virgin Mary's divine intervention to resolve herself. I even have major problems with the way Catholicism has been, and is still sometimes portrayed in many films in any genre (not only when it comes to religiously-themed horror movies). But, surprisingly, I had no worries whatsoever when it comes to the FOURTH MAN. Although the Virgin Mary aspect of the plot made me scratch my head at some point, I also had fun with it in a way. I think the keyword why it didn't bother me at all is 'duality'. Because this movie works on two levels. Though the 'divine intervention' may have solved the plot line from the protagonist's point of view ... on the other hand: The film implies that all this could have been the scary ramblings of a raving madman. And that's the fun part: You never know for sure. And then there is the question: Can it be that Gerard Reve somehow received distorted visions of the things to come ... like receiving alerts? At some point in the film, Gerard is even trying to trick Christine into believing he is clairvoyant. The way he plays Christine in that scene is exquisite to see. <br /> <br /> So with its compelling story, convincing performance and the right direction, THE FOURTH MAN is a highly recommended show indeed (especially if you enjoy a solid European psychological horror movie). But make sure you see the original Dutch version (not the one called).
