I do not know if I would consider it a masterpiece of not, but it is cursed nearby; It is extremely well-crafted, artistic, exciting, intricate plot, thematically challenging and full of gloomy foreshadowing and sexual-religious imagery. There is also a good camera work by Jan de Bont, an atmospheric score by Loek Dikker and an excellent action by Jeroen Krabbé and Renée Soutendijk, the latter providing one of the most shabby, subtle femme fatal achievements I have ever seen. Like many other European films, this film has an unbelievable, non-judgmental attitude towards sex, nudity, and the complexity of sexuality and has no reservations about mixing it all with religious and / or surreal images (some of which are blasphemous) images. In other words, if you can't think of seeing a gay homosexual performance the object of his carnal desire, which Jesus crucified on the cross before the two enter into a cemetery creep, then it may not be that movie for you. What surprised me more is how this bizarre movie managed to completely avoid being a pretentious mess. It blends the abstract / surreal / parallel fantasy reality scenes and somehow does everything work. As a good mystery you can see the pieces slowly fall into place when the film progresses. There is NOT a solution outside the left field here. The film has direction, there is no unnecessary filler, and when it is finished, you begin to understand the purpose of what may have confused you earlier. If you like the work of Ken Russell and David Lynch, I can almost guarantee that you will love this movie. Hell, if you have no idea who they are, you still like it. <br /> <br /> I'm not going to ruin the plot by being too detailed, but the movie's opening image - through a web like a spider captures its prey - sets the scene as Krabbé, as pristine alley, the bisexual author Gerard Reve ( interesting also the name of the author whose novel this is based on) crossing paths with a wealthy, mysterious, sexy woman named Christine (Soutendijk, message androgynous stylings with Simone Simon-like innocence / cuteness that is quite unpleasant), which may be a literally 'black widow' responsible for the death of her three former men. The two become lovers and move into each other, but we are led to believe (through Christine's bizarre behavior and the frequent appearance of another woman - played by Geert de Jong - who may or may not exist), something terribly boiling beneath the surface . When another of Christine's lovers, the young and "beautiful" Herman (Thom Hoffman) appears at the house, things take an unexpected turn. And that's all you need to know. <br /> <br /> The 4th MAN was a major art success in many parts of the world, but did not make it to the United States until 1984 when it was awarded the Best Foreign Film of the Year by the Los Angeles Film Critics Association. The most common video is the Media release, which has been terribly baptized. Try to avoid the one and go directly to the newer subtitle Anchor Bay DVD release. Since joining America, Verhoeven's career has had its ups and downs. He has made some decent films (Flesh & Blood, RoboCop) and some miserable (Showgirls). In fact, Verhoeven's big hit Basic Instinct is almost like a less interesting junior league version of The Fourth Man. Soutendjik also tried her hand at performing in America, and since GRAVE SECRETS (1989) and EVE OF DESTRUCTION (1991) were the best offers she got, she went home to Holland.
