The obedient Catholic writer Gerard Reve (Jeroen Krabbé), who is gay, alcoholic and has frequent visions of death, is invited to give a lecture at Vlissing's literature club. While in the railway station in Amsterdam, he feels a non-corresponding attraction to a beautiful man who embarks on another train. Gerard is introduced to the cashier of the box and the cosmeticist Christine Halsslag (Renée Soutendijk), who is a wealthy widow who owns the beauty shop Sphinx, and they have a night stand. Next morning Gerard sees the picture of Christine's boyfriend Herman (Thom Hoffman), and he recognizes him as the man he saw in the train station. He suggests her to bring Herman to her house to spend a few days together, but with the secret intention of seducing the man. Christine travels to Cologne to bring her boyfriend and Gerard to stay alone in his house. He drinks whiskey and snoops her for sure, finding three movie wheels with names of men; He decides to watch footages and discover that Christine had married the three guys and all died in tragic accidents. Later, Gerard believes that Christine is a witch and a question of whether Herman or he becomes her convicted fourth man. <br /> <br /> The ambiguous "The Fourth Man" is another magnificent feature of Paul Verhoeven in his Dutch phase. The story is supported by an excellent script using Catholic symbols to build the excitement of smart dialogues; Magnificent performance by Jeroen Krabb in the role of a disturbed alcohol writer and fantastic filmography. The unresolved resolution is open to interpretation as in many European films exploring viewers' sense and intelligence. There are mediocre leaders who use men's foremost nudity to promote their movie; However, Paul Verhoeven uses Gerard Reve's nudity as part of the plot and never aggressive or seeking sensationism. Last but not least; the sexual Renée Soutendijk's androgynous beauty fits perfectly with her role as a woman who attracts a homosexualist. My voice is eight. <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): "O 4o Homem" ("The 4th Man")
