Paul Verhoeven's predecessor to his breakout hit 'Basic Instinct' is a stylish and shocking neo-noir thriller. Verhoeven has become known for making slightly blurry paper copies, both in his home country of Holland and in America, and this film is one of the reasons for that. The fourth man follows the strange story of Gerard Reve (played by Jeroen Krabbé); a gay, alcoholic and slightly sour writer who goes to Vlissingen to talk about the stories he writes. As he meets the seductive Christine Halsslag (Renée Soutendijk) who takes him back to her house, he discovers a beautiful picture of one of her lovers and proclaims that he will meet him even if he kills him. <br /> <Paul Verhoeven twists the truth many times in this movie, and it ensures that you never quite know where you are with it. Many of the events in the fourth man could be what they seem to be, but they could easily be interpreted as something completely different, and it keeps the audience on the edge of their seats for the whole duration and also makes the movie act as this story is what it thrives on. Paul Verhoeven is not a filmmaker who feels that he has to stay back, and that is one of the things I like best about him. This movie has a very shocking scene that made me feel sick for hours afterwards (and it doesn't happen very often!). I don't want to spoil it because it needs the surprise element to work ... but you want to see what I mean when you watch the movie (make sure you get the unknown version!). There are also a number of other macabre scenes that are less shocking than the one I mentioned, but are lovely anyway; one man is eaten by lions, another has a tube sent through his skull, a boat is smashed in half ... lovely. The act of the fourth man is nothing to write home about, but it is fixed all the way through. Jeroen Krabb keeps the audience's attention and sees the part as the drunk writer. It is Renée Soutendijk who impresses most, though as a femme fatale in the center of the story. Her notion is what Sharon Stone would imitate nine years later with the Basic Instinct, but the original fatal did it best. Paul Verhoeven's direction is solid throughout as he directs our attention through many views, all of which help to create the mystery of history. Verhoeven is making some nonsense, but of course he has talent and it is a shame that he does not make it better to use. Of all the Verhoeven movies I've seen, this is the best, and although it can be difficult to get across; Believe me, it's worth doing.
