A movie that can make you shed tears of sadness and tears of joy will be seen as a step in the career of a joint filmmaker. The fact is, Steven Spielberg, probably our greatest story-teller, has done so in various movie formats for years. COLOR PURPLE was considered risky at that time, especially for action classics such as JAWS and RAIDERS OF THE LOST ARK. Eventually, this movie should not be surprising, because Spielberg had made us cry tears of joy and sadness in E.T. Critics called COLOR PURPLE his access to intellectual fare. It's an entrance. No special effects, no swashbuckling, just brilliant storytelling based on a literary classic by Alice Walker. One surprise is how Spielberg could present such a floating film about African Americans in the deep south. Slavery is gone, but in the southern part of the world, it seems that blacks use other blacks as slaves. <br /> <br /> Spielberg is always down for the sentimentalization of its images or the addition of an element of childhood to satisfy the audience. This is really the first of overlooked movies from his career that you cannot make these observations. It is the first in a series of films that people do not or would not see because there are no foreigners. His sunlight is always SKINDLER'S LIST etc. His amazing talent is obvious with this specific picture because A) he uses mostly uneducated, first-time actors, B) he tackles a topic that most felt was unadaptable to the screen, and C ) It is pure drama without threads drawn where signs grow and change over about 30 years. It is almost epic-like in appearance and scope, and the fact that it did not achieve a single Academy Award from 11 nominations is a travesty and an insult. <br /> <br /> Whoopi Goldberg is fabulous as the tortured Celie, an unattractive woman given away by her incestuous father to a fierce Danny Glover, whom she only knows as "Mister". The film follows a trace of occasional blows and mental torture that she goes through with "Mister". The PG-13 nominal movie is quite open to the sexual problems raised by the Walker short story. This is not "The Burning Bed" in Georgia in any way. There is no obvious revenge taken as expected. It happens gracefully. Goldberg perfectly plays a human being, a person who needs love and someone who deserves it. The movie's most exciting and heartbreaking moment comes when Goldberg and her sister Nettie (played by Akosua Busia) are separated, perhaps forever. (Possibly guarding the Holocaust separation of child and parent?) You may need to check for a pulse if you have not moved this sequence. <br /> <br /> The color purple stands for the beauty of the fields and flowers that surround these poor people. There is really something to live for, but love triumphs everywhere. Spielberg bashers notes: The guy can make an unforgettable classic without any cute foreigners. <br /> <br /> RATING: 10 or 10
