This rather poorly named Western series won an Emmy for Best Syndicated Program and is definitely an interesting series. It was produced by the republic, the studio, which made action better than anyone and they put their best in it. Each episode was built around a real historical figure of the old west. A railroad detective named Matt Clark, similar to the later Elliot Ness with the gangsters of the 1920s and 30s, managed to get involved in almost all infamous western crimes between the mid-1800s and WWI. The best asset of the series was Jim Davis. Long, robust, robust appearance, in noble form, with an authentic western accent and good riding skills that made him completely convincing in the action scenes, Davis was every inch the western hero. He was with two lovely and active co-stars, Mary Castle as "Frankie" in the first season, and Kristine Miller as "Jonesy" during the second. Everybody worked well with Davis. What separated this show from its contemporaries and much of what came later was the professionalism invested in the action scenes. Ace Action Director William Witney directed 30 episodes. Franklin Adreon the rest. Both filmed the action with Polish. The Republic's large store of stock footage from series and B's was used to provide scope. The level of individual episodes increased or decreased with the quality of the guest stars being brought into the game where they were out of doors. Among the really good ones were Marie Windsor as Belle Starr, Lee Van Cleef as Jesse James, Fess Parker as Grat Dalton, Jean Parker as Cattle Kate and Joe Sawyer and Slim Pickins like Butch Cassady and "The Smilin Kid". The cream from the western up and coming, Pickins, Parker, Denver Pyle, James Best and Richard Jaeckel, beat their craft. B veterans with decades of experience under their belts, Harry Woods, Glenn Strange, Kenneth MacDonald, Earle Hodgkins, Steve Darrell and Chief Yowlachie, gave the old leather feel of vintage westerns. <br /> <br /> The weakness of the concept was that there are so many famous Western crimes. By the second season, the famous characters became a mite that was unclear to all of the most dedicated story birds. Nevertheless, a few of the later shows were a match for anyone because of the guest stars. Henry Brandon portrayed rustler Nate Champion, and former Republic star Don Barry was excellent as a small-time-outlaw Milt Sharp. <br /> <br /> Western fans or history buffs would like to see this.
