This modest, straightforward series deserves credit in the television storybooks for two reasons: it was the first to win an Emmy award for best syndicated series, and it was the very first show to come from the fabulous studios in Republic Pictures. known for its low-budget but high-powered shoot-em-ups in the 30s and 40s. Republic was one of the first Hollywood studios to make a leap in the small screen that was still in its infancy. But the term of the study period as a producer of TV pulp fiction would be short. After this performance they will later dabble with the other format they were known for, the adventure series with "Commando Cody" and other series, but as they were no longer than 39 episodes. Also, the Republic was in its final stages as a study; it would end its ownership in Hollywood as a lease for several Revue Studio series such as "Soldiers of Fortune", the original "Dragon" and "Kit Carson" before finally closing its doors in 1959. <br /> Fall, "stories of the century" was not so bad for an otter, his business card was stories based on authentic characters in Western history, mainly banned as Black Bart, Johnny Ringo, John Wesley Hardin, The Dalton Bros. and the like. The late Jim Davis, known for his role as the Ewing Patriarch in "Dallas," put a gracious job in the lead as Matt Clark, a fictitious railroad specialist, struggling with the said bans, played by veterans and soon- to- our character actors. <br /> <br /> Two fantastic facts here: The events would take place in different timelines, some in the 1880s, some at the turn of the century, but Clark never ages. And also, Matt is fortunate enough to sit down with two lovely female detectives such as sidekicks, Frankie Adams, played by Mary Castle, and her replacement, Margaret Jonesy Jones by Kristine Miller. The Lone Ranger could only wish for the lady company. You can only spend such time with Tonto. <br /> <br /> "Stories of the Century" is a Studio City TV production from Republic Pictures Corp. 39 episodes were made in 1954, all of which are in public domain and on DVD.
