ROUGH PRICES AND TRIUMF OF "VILLA PARANIA" The popular film, which was more important than the jury prize, was Erik Clausen's brilliant bittersweet dramatic comedy, "Villa Paranoia", which was also selected by the European Youth Jury, suggesting its appeal to cinephiles of all ages . The following day, director Clausen traveled to the remote city of MAMERS, the Pays de Loire, to a provincial festival of a new European cinema where "Villa Paranoia" fetched three prizes - Best Movie, Professional Jury; Best movie, audience award; and best film from another youth jury composed of "lycéens", French high school students. Five prizes in a single weekend - not a bad scoop for a movie from a small country with unknown actors. In addition, "Villa" was awarded the Grand Prix, MAVERICK SPIRIT AWARD, in San Jose, California, a week ago by the distinguished British actor Sir Ben Kingsley ("Ghandi"), giving a total of six prizes in a single week. If Lars van Trier has put Denmark on the offbeat oddball Dogma Cinematic card in recent years, there is now a good chance that Veteran Maverick Erik Clausen (62) and his skilled crew members will soon show the world that Denmark has more to offer than dogmatic drivel, that is, a lot of audience pleaser for both young and old. In addition, the woman's pencil Sonja Richter has such a magical screen presence that, with a little more exposure, she has a good chance of becoming the next international Scandinavian diva. For the record, "Villa Paranoia" is a fiction film, written, directed and acted by Mr. Clausen, and uses certain motifs from Moliere's "The Imaginary Invalid". Anna (Richter), an ambitious young actress, has lost a deeply sought-after role in the Moliere game, and is reduced to making a completely stupid TV commercial commercial, lying on the verge of suicide. But Jørgen (Clausen), who runs a massive chicken company that sponsors the place, offers her a work with space and table that takes care of her cantankerous, senile, wheelchairs, father Walentin, who has not spoken a word since his wife Stella committed suicide years before. Anna is the only one who ultimately finds a way to communicate with the hostile silent old grouch - and besides, he discovers that he has failed deafness and immobility all these years - a living "Malade Imaginaire". This will cause her to play the greatest role in her own life to uncover the dark secret that led to Walentin's total withdrawal from life and reality. Villa "Paradise-Paranoia", which is true to the Moliere tradition that it is partly derived from, is a heart-alarming, multi-layer serial comedic psychodrama that literally has something for everyone and only needs proper placement to achieve that kind of general international outcome it deserves right. Alex Deleon, Paris / March 21, 2005
