Passionate, dramatic, riveting like Flamenco himself, the movie is simply amazing. It is tuned to the immortal Bizet's music. The original music is written and performed by one of the greatest classical guitarists leading the modern flamenco style, Paco de Lucia, who plays a musical with the same name. Legendary Flamenco dancer and choreographer Antonio Gades wrote / wrote the script and choreographed this amazing version of the famous Georges Bizet / Prosper Mérimée novella / opera. He plays a protagonist Antonio, the famous dancer / choreographer who works to tell Carmen's story in the Flamenco style, combining dances with song and rhythmic towel, and has a highly charged level of dynamism that appeals immensely to the viewers. /> <br /> Brilliant and graceful Cristina Hoyos whose technical excellence matches the elegant artistry of her dance shines in the bearing role. Hoyos had been the first dancer in Gades 'company for twenty years (1968-1988) and she was the protagonist of three films that Carlos Saura made of Gades' three fantastic shows: "Bodas de Sangre" (1978), "Carmen" 1983 ) and "El Amor Brujo" (1985). Gorgeous Laura del Sol is a young dancer named Carmen, where Antony sees from the first glance another Carmen, immortalized by two Frenchmen, the author Prosper Mérimée in his most famous novel written in 1846, which inspired George Bizet's world-famous Opéra-Comique version from 1875. <br /> <br /> As in the opera and short story, Carmen in Saura's film is desirable and deadly, the ultimate femme fatale that has to be free of everything else. She could not tolerate any man's possessive love and preferred death to submission. It's about. 50 movie adaptations of the story and the opera to the screen, and as diverse as they are, they all share the only possible tragic end. The Saura / Gades movie is unique as the most sensual of all and truly Spanish. I fell in love with it from the first time I saw it twenty years ago and it is so special and beautiful today as it was then. Highly recommended.
