Without a doubt, one of the great John Ford's masterpieces, young Mr. Lincoln, virtually unnoticed at the time of his first release, no wonder, because the year was 1939, when many of the greatest films in the entire cinema history had been released, including the most mythical West in the history of genres, John Ford's milestone Stagecoach and many others such as Gone with the Wind, The Wizard of Oz, Mr. Smith Goes to Washington, who took Oscar in the only category. Young Mr. Lincoln was nominated for Original Screenplay. <br /> <br /> It continued to be the most underrated Ford movie for many years until gradually fading away in the shadow of other John Ford's masterpieces, but in the late 1950s, American and European film critics and historians a team of a note written by legendary Russian director Sergei Eisenstein about the young Mr. Lincoln, where he praised it and acknowledged that if he had only been able to control an American movie ever made until then, it would certainly be John Ford's Young Mr. Lincoln. Impressed by such an undoubted preference from Eisenstein, critics began to watch the film again, but only with slightly different eyes, and the film's reputation has been increasing since then. <br /> <br /> It was by no means the first time that the life of one of the most legendary US presidents was brought to the screen. Right in the early 1930s, Griffith made it in his Abraham Lincoln and the same year as Ford's movie, MGM released John Cromwell's one called Abe Lincoln in Illinois. Curiously, both were based on a very successful Broadway Stage Play, published in 1938 and written by Robert Sherwood. <br /> <br /> As far as John Ford's film is concerned, we can easily find many references to life and deed and even the death of the mythical Lincoln's figure in several of the director's works, such as the 1924 The Iron Horse or the 1936 The Capture of Shark Island, the other, like Young Mr. Lincoln, as the main musical theme, utilizes the favorite Lincoln song - Dixie. The play is based on a previously mentioned stage play and Lincoln's biographies were written by Lamar Trotti in collaboration with John Ford himself, which was quite rare for Ford to do, but the final result was simply amazing - a script that combined Play elements with multiple historical facts and myths and legends about the beginning of Abraham Lincoln's life and law practice culminates in a hilarious but most heartbreaking feature film, which is the film's highest point and mainstay and tear generator, where Lincoln defends the two young brothers accused of a murder and must devise ea way to help their mother when she is brought to court as a witness and where the prosecuting lawyer (played by Donald Meek) requires her to indicate which of her sons have actually committed the murder apparently commits her to doing an impossible choice of condemning to death one and letting the other live. <br /> Overall, it is a very touching, heartfelt and even fun movie with simply grand achievement from Henry Fonda in his highest characterization of Abraham Lincoln and with overwhelming wealth of other characters, no matter how small or large they are incarnated from the wonderful and intelligent manuscript and led by John Ford's brilliant ability to one of his best deliveries ever. A clear must see for everyone. 10.10
