My what an instructor intuition can bring to material that has only the right knot in the right directions. Young Mr. Lincoln is filled with some old-fashioned values, which in decline, despite its two-dimensional depiction, are at least more respectfully done than one could see in cardboard in the current cinema. What makes it work as extremely well as it does, in all its simplicity and grandeur, is a really great courtroom drama in the cover of a history lesson. <br /> <br /> We all know Abraham Lincoln as the 16th president who murdered the emancipation and after the civil war. But as a lawyer in his earlier years, he was charismatic, fun at the most unexpected places and a true master. He is not a superhero who cannot do anything wrong (which was Fonda's only fear of the part before joining), but a figure with possible errors that has been surpassed by his innate goodness and clarity of right and wrong. <br /> <br /> Suffice to say, John Ford is unique as a storyteller almost without trial. In fact, it's a lie he tries, but he makes it so effortless in the studio system; he worked in a self-contained manner while at the same time rejoicing at Zanuck, so he was pretty much left alone in his own clever practice of "editing in the camera" and not moving it around so as not to venture far away from history. It is this strength of conventional wisdom that somehow works hand in hand with the material, as a kind of companion to the full-blooded Americana in 1939, as seen in Mr. Smith Goes to Washington (only here is the law and not the policy). <br /> <br /> Fonda is great at the forefront - his first with Ford - and lets us never overlook Lincoln past makeup and extra boost in the shoes. Fonda's own personality, in a way that it would be in anger with grapes and my stupid clementine, comes out in Lincoln's character. However, it is unlikely that there are no others from this period who could have played him then: he is mature and clever, but has the gravity to prove himself in this case of a distorted sauce-to-man-did-she murder case. <br /> <br /> Only in small pieces, like the final shot that overlays Lincoln, goes down the road with its monument, and a few small instances under the big parade scene early, seems quite dated. As for the goals set with young Mr. Lincoln, everyone was greeted by Ford and his crew and thrown; It is not as hokey as one might think to enter, and it has a strong balance between humor and true pathos.
