1939 is universally accepted as the biggest year in Hollywood history, with more classic films released than in any other, and John Ford instructed three of the best, "Stagecoach", "Drums along the Mohawk" and this beautiful tribute to Border Days and a young backwoods lawyer with the purpose of finally saving the Union, "Young Mr. Lincoln". <br /> <br /> With the world in a war that America feared but knew it would be pulled in, Abraham Lincoln was much on people's mind, in 1939, as a person who had faced the same dilemma in his own life and had won. On Broadway, Robert E. Sherwood's award-winning "Abe Lincoln in Illinois", with Raymond Massy's physically deadly portrayal, played to full houses (it would be filmed in 1940). Carl Sandburg continued his epic biography, "Abraham Lincoln: The War Years", was released and quickly became a best seller. President Roosevelt often referred to Lincoln in speeches, and the Lincoln Memorial, in Washington, DC, became the most popular landmark in the city (a fact that Frank Capra used himself in "Mr. Smith Goes to Washington"). /> All this was not lost on Darryl F. Zanuck, at 20th Century Fox; As soon as he read Lamar Trotti's manuscript of Lincoln's early days as a lawyer, he designated it for a prestige production and made John Ford lead and Henry Fonda to the star. <br /> <br /> Fonda did NOT want to play Lincoln; He felt he could not do justice to "Great Emancipator" and feared that a poor performance would hurt his career. Even a filmed make-up test where he was stunned by how much he would look like Lincoln would not change. According to Fonda, John Ford, whom he had never worked with, he cussed out royally at their first meeting and explained that he did not portray Lincoln of Legend, but a young "jackanape" country lawyer faces his first attempt at murder. Humbled took the Fonda role. (John Ford offered another scenario of the events, but the result was the same!) Of course, they found a chemistry that worked, as almost all of their mating would produce classics. <br /> <br /> Unlike the introverted, melancholy-racked Lincoln of "Abe Lincoln in Illinois", Ford's vision for a shy and sympathetic young lawyer easily made friends and misses the mother he lost, too young ( which resulted in a bond with a pioneer mother it becomes an important part of the story). Unjust rides him, and he speaks "common sense" to inhibit violence, mixed with doses of humor. Both productions play on Lincoln's (non-documented) relationship with Ann Rutledge; in the fords version, the couple are really in love and engaged in each other. After her death, Lincoln would often visit his grave to share his life with his "spirit" (a theme Ford would continue in "She Wore a Yellow Ribbon"). An attempted murder is the centerpiece of the film, showing the astonishing talents of the star and the director. Fonda depicts complete Lincoln's inexperience, yet serious belief in justice mercifully, and Ford emphasizes the gulf between the metropolitan intellectuals (represented by the pompous DA Donald Meek and his clever "adviser", Stephen Douglas, played by a young Milburn Stone) and the informal Regular landing for Lincoln. With the Ford 'Regular' Ward Bond as a key witness, the experiment is both unconventional and quirky. <br /> <br /> With the film's closure when Lincoln walks away in the stormy distance and his destiny (dissolves in a view of the statue at the Lincoln Memorial), the audience could comfort themselves in the film's message that if a cause is just, It would well eventually win. <br /> <br /> "Young Mr. Lincoln" is a truly remarkable movie from a great year!
