In his otherwise excellent book, Lincoln in American memory, historian Merrill Peterson Young calls Mr.Lincoln a "boring, horrible movie". This incredible wrong analysis simply shows that great historians are rarely fine film critics. I am working on a PhD thesis on Abraham Lincoln and Frederick Douglass. As part of my preparation for writing the dissertation, I did a careful analysis of this film and of Tag Gallagher's brilliant interpretation of it in his seminal book on Ford. Young Mr. Lincoln comes out in the culminating year of the first phase of Ford's cinematography, 1939. In the biggest Hollywood years, Ford counted three fantastic, still not fully appreciated films: Drums along the Mohawk, Stagecoach and Young Mr.Lincoln. It may be odd to say that Stagecoach is not fully appreciated, but only the purest of critics may find that it is one of the greatest Western, and perhaps even one of the hundred greatest films of all time. But what is NOT quite appreciated is that these three films work together as a kind of trilogy - a triptych indeed. Ford creates a kind of mythical story in America on the screen. Drums along the Mohawk are the revolutionary war. Young Mr.Lincoln is before the Civil War America. Finally, Stagecoach is Post Civil War America. What the three films have in common is that they are an extended meditation on the American Adam and his "song of honor in the desert". What are the mental and social costs of American apparent fate, as the United States strives to build a new human city in the desert? Lincoln symbolizes America's journey as he seeks to reconcile the principle of civilization (law) with freedom in the desert. Mr.Lincoln is not history (It's filled with historic "howlers" - as both Ford and Trotti were well-aware), but myth. This is Lincoln, the symbol of justice and mercy, Lincoln, the desert man who strives to find a civilization in itself and to become the "notable legislator" for young America. Young Mr. Lincoln is not historic as James Age's long-forgotten Lincoln show, and as Sandburg's biography, it's an epic poem ... a very beautiful epic poem.
