<br /> <br /> Have you ever felt like you're watching tabs on every move you make? Well, just remember, before you decide to break the law, the FBI will always be there. It is at least the feeling you get after seeing the poignant but slightly mild crime movie, The FBI story. It tracks the organization's roots from a small agency to one of the most modern facilities in the world (in 1959) by telling the story through the eyes of one of its agents, Chip Hardesty (James Stewart). <br /> <br /> Chip was with FBI from day one, and he happily puts his work over everything else in the world, even occasionally his family. The FBI story traces his life by portraying what he does as an agent and how to influence his personal life. The film does a spectacular job of showing what kind of case the FBI handles and how they handle them. The audience gets to see Chip Stop The Ku Klux Klan runs, goes undercover to fix an Indian murder / property scandal, imprison refugees, rescue hostages and helped fight in World War II. He even helped bring communist spies to court. <br /> <br /> Stewart is in a weakly complex performance stellar (as always) as the slightly neurotic agent who loves his job perhaps a little too much. One of the best parts about this movie is that we see the inner effects of both Chip's family life and his job. We testify that he is suffering from the death of his best friend and then his son. We also observe that his wife has an abortion and his marriage has stony times. Almost all of his personal problems are due to love for his job. Vera Miles gives a spotty performance, but it is very convincing, nevertheless. She was never a brilliant actress, but there was always something very attractive and amazing about her. Well maybe it's just me? Unfortunately, none of the other ideas are worth mentioning, but the history of attention managed to keep me very interested. <br /> <br /> The movie of this movie was impressive, especially the scenes of the South American jungles. The colors all had a texture that really puts the atmosphere in the film. Perhaps the biggest part of this movie was Mervyn Leroy's amazing direction. Each scene was so fluid, they just rolled together to tell a brilliant story. It's full of brilliant camera shots, some with a very Hitchcockian feel. All in all, The FBI Story is a spectacular but overlooked movie. After two and a half hours, some viewers may be scared, but if you get the chance, I recommend jumping into this. I enjoyed Jimmy Stewart's spectacular performance and the captivating story.
