This is an entertaining "story" of the FBI, but it should be seen as fiction, because that's exactly what it is. What's more, J. Edgar Hoover personally approved and had a cameo role in production. James Stewart is excellent, as usual, and the supportive cast, except for the talented Vera Miles, is good. Murray Hamilton is particularly good at supporting role as Stewart's partner and best friend. The FBI achieves that the film's highlights are undoubtedly right. What matters is what it leaves behind. <br /> <br /> One of the most shameful parts of the movie is the depiction of the murder of John Dillinger. It's pretty much depicted as it happened, but there's no mention of Melvin Purvis, the Chicago Bureau Chief, who led the operation. Instead, the operation is depicted as if the fictional Chip Hardesty ran it. It has been said that Hoover was jealous of the mention that Purvis received after Dillinger was killed; Purvis was subsequently transferred to a remote post and immediately left the FBI. There is no doubt why Purvis was never mentioned in the movie. But this viewer stopped at least to believe that if Purvis was treated in this way, what about all the agents who carried out all the other operations depicted in the film. They were also completely ignored and replaced by the fictional Hardesty. <br /> <br /> The movie is probably accurate in its depiction of FBI activity through the end of 2. world War. After that time, the film would make us believe that the only threat to the United States came from international communism, which is no doubt what Hoover believed. Don't forget the mafia. Do not care about the lynchings still in the south. Never mind that blacks were scared to keep them from voting in much of the south. I do not know if the FBI had started throwing Martin Luther King in motion when this movie was made, but if not, it was not that long ago it started. As I said at the beginning, it is pretty good entertainment, but it must be seen as the sanitized fictionalisation that it is.
