Drug Years actually suffer from one of these aspects for mini-series or other types of television documentaries running over and over in a few weeks on television. In fact, it's not long enough in a way. All the major bases for decades are covered, and they are all interesting to note as views in postmodern history and from different sides. But it almost doesn't cover enough, or at least what is covered at times, is given over once, as it could deserve more time. For example, part 3 information and details about the whole process and business itself for shipping mass quantities of substances (partially marijuana, later cocaine) are very well presented, but there are more details that are duly taken of how much time there is to cover. <br /> <br /> Overall, the documentaries portray enough light on how drugs, pop culture, government intervention, upper classes and lower classes and in suburbia all felt the wave of different drugs over the years, and the interaction between all was very clear. No one in the movie - except for the possibility of small tips with the pot) - goes to approve substances directly, but it is shown in archive clips on the honesty of what is sometimes fun and so tragic about taking certain substances. The appearance of various staunches, ridiculous anti-drug officials raises some points hard - even in such an overview of drug cultures and America's connection as a whole - as there is only one major point made a few times by one of the interviewers. The only way to really approach the issue of drugs is not 'just no' because, as the war on drugs has shown, it is not as effective as thought. It's really just getting on all sides about all the drugs and the people who can be hypocritical about them (like Oxycontin on the market). Is it with the great interest and depth of a Ken Burns documentary? No, but for some summer TV prospects for the young (ie, my age), who will see much of this as almost old story, although most are only a generation ago, as well as for the 'old', That may reflect some decades later on the great peaks, careless times, and then the disillusionment prodded more of the same media that were previously propagated and announced. There are those who may find the documentary film to be particularly biased, which is not entirely false, but it is trying to get enough different take on social, political and entertainment conditions for drug interleaving (for better or apparently worse) for enough of a fascinating view .
