May and her husband visit their children and grandchildren. The visit is awkward because grandchildren and "children" don't really know each other as one might expect. The heat that should be missing. After dinner, corn man says he doesn't feel good, blames it on his daughter's cooking and says irritable that he wants to go home. He's dying that night. <br /> <br /> May, now widow, is lost. She obviously did not have a passionate marriage or a very interesting one, but she had a purpose. She had someone who needed her, and although her own needs had gone unformed for years, she had something to do with her days. She is depressed and unmotivated. She goes with her daughter, Paula, who, shortly after her mother's arrival, lets her mother know that she never felt that her mother had given much of herself. She lets herself loose with anger over her mother's lack of care. May seem disarmed and surprised, but she also doesn't seem to have the energy or the desire to really do it right. "I am your mother and I love you." What really says? (I've heard this from my own mother too many times and haven't yet figured out what that means.) Paula is a bit (more than a little) neurotic. Both women are needy, even though they show it very differently. <br /> <br /> Paula has been involved with a friend of her son, Darren, who is a craftsman working at the house owned by her son. While Paula works during the day, May begins having talks and lunches with Darren. Darren is a married man who has stayed with his wife because of their autistic son, Nicky, but does not live at home with his wife. <br /> <br /> May be attracted to Darren because he is virile and she enjoys the connection they seem to have. Darren is attracted to May because she offers some kind of peace and understanding that he does not come from the other women in his life. (He also becomes too interested in money, as May says she can give him "get away from it all", although he obviously is not interested in his desire to be on such a journey. sleep together in the extra room during the day and may enjoy fulfillment as a woman she has not known this year, or had never expected to know again. This becomes part of May's rationalization, what she's doing is fine. <br /> <br /> In a writing group that Paula heads, May is introduced, rather forced to come with a widower she's not There is a scene where she has sex with the elderly man who is unlikely to be able to perform, and it is really painful and disturbing as we see the total disgust on the face of corn as she maintains the once terrible connection. /> <br /> Finally, Paula is discovered through some very graphic s kits performed by her mother, it is actually her mother and the bitch have been having sex. <br /> <br /> This movie will undoubtedly be seen by many in many ways. Sympathy is divided. At some point during Paula's writing group, through a brief essay she used to feel as if she hated her children at the end of the day and would leave pubs after they slept, make sure to come home again before her husband. Obviously, a good mother is not thinking of leaving children alone while going out to the local pub. However, May had also previously revealed in the film that her husband did not like her to have friends so she did not have any. She did what he wanted her to do. She was unhappy, but she put up with it because, as she said, "it was easier." So while May was not the best mother, for those who tend to have sympathy for her, one could see May's actions as a women's act that would only be sexual and be a living for "a few minutes" in her lifetime. A woman who just wanted someone to listen to her, to know her as a human being, to have a friend and a lover. Paula, although neurotic and unhappy, may have become the way of distant parents who raised her. It is certainly not difficult to understand why Paula feels completely betrayed by her mother. It is a well-designed movie with more complexity than I have mentioned, and certainly one that will leave the viewer with many, perhaps conflicting, reactions. It's a movie worth discussing and debating, and above all worth seeing. <br /> <br /> One thing that the film leaves us with is horror and fear of a lonely life. No matter who is considered "right" or is considered "wrong" by every seer, the theme of old age and loneliness that evokes a sense of fear in most of us is inevitable.
