While movie titles contain the word 'mother', the first thing that comes to our heart will be a mother's love for her children. <br /> <br /> But the mother tells a different story. <br /> <br /> The mother does not discuss the love between a mother and her child or how she sacrifices for the benefit of her child. Here, Notting Hill director Roger Michell tells us how a mother's love for a man about half of her age makes people badly around her. <br /> <br /> Before Daniel Craig takes on the role of James Bond, he plays Darren, a man who helps renovate his mother's son's house and also sleeps with his daughter. Anne Reid, who was a well-known face on television series, takes the challenging role of the leading character, May. The story begins in May with the sudden loss of his husband Toots in a family visit to her son, bobby. As she turns to Darren, a craftsman doing a renovation at Bobby's house, she was shocked to find out that her daughter, Paula, was sleeping with Darren. At the same time, May was after his death. Fear that Harry and Paula would not have her, May begin to find her life on the road until she spends her afternoon with Darren. <br /> <br /> Darren was lovely and kind to May and may soon find a love on the beast Instead of treating him as a friend, she treated the man who was about half of his age with love for one couple. Later, May found sexual pleasure from Darren, giving her the pleasure she could never find in anyone else. And that's the beginning of the disaster that can lead to a family break. The mother explores the inner world of a widow who would try something she never had in her life and comfort someone who was there for her to. It may be said from May that he bought a meal for Darren to meet the sexual needs of a man younger than her, eventually giving her more than she negotiated. Anne Reid has made a breakthrough for her May, as she was previously best known for her different role on television series. Since she does not have many films in her career CV, her mother has put her on the critics' attention. Daniel Craig, on the other hand, had a similar role in his film career, such as Sylvia (2003) and Enduring Love (2004). If his James Bond representative role fails, movie reviewers should not forget that he has a better performance in small productions in his film career years, and his mother is one of them. The mother must not be everyone's favorite, but it is certainly not your usual matinee show to follow with tea and scones, accompanied by butter and jam.
