With her elder's spouse's death in May, an elderly woman faces a future in a city world that sees her as invisible, dead from the neck down and unwelcome in her son, Bobby and his low-wife pseudophysical yuppie home, Helen and Paula, a self-absorbed, clinging and minimal talented daughter. The central family is anything but warm, supportive and understanding of her new and tragic scene of life with her husband's death. The mother is a silent character study pointing to how in some societies the older parent is both unwelcome and a burden for adult children whose career and status seek overshadow everything else. <br /> <br /> When May acknowledge that the world is still important to her, the lonely widow finds her libido revived and alive with her daughter's boyfriend, carpenter, and coarse. Can start an unrestrained sexual affair with Darren, whose character is first and foremost sympathetic to her, but his flawed character is quickly revealed through the pressure of the women surrounding him. <br /> <br /> This is the kind of role Hollywood actresses of a certain age have never written for them, but will never express themselves because the film's honesty, open sexuality, outrageous wardrobe, little makeup and social comments about the violence in the very community that most film industry friends are rooted in. The performance of the leading actress Anne Reid ranges from calm to giddy and her interpretation flourishes on the screen from the killing widow to a sexually alive and liberated medieval woman with no facelift, hair extensions and liposuction. She carried more than her soul to the screen. <br /> <br /> Daniel Craig is the possible craftsman, Derrek, who asks both mother and daughter. He turns to another star performance, which is initially sympathetic to the widow's situation, but eventually he is without redemption when his true nature unfolds, and he is literally rooster in a hen house. His effortless character is the inability to say no to the former wife, dull boyfriend and her mother is blamed as the root of his ineffective existence. Although he is good at building a winter garden, he is unable to construct meaning in his life. <br /> <br /> One of the best films from the UK this year is simply grown up in its history. The mother is the rare form of movie that may be too honest for the American audience to tolerate having no cargo, no bling, no rap soundtrack to penetrate the cretin performances with television starlets and buff stud muffins. The mother reflects how the aging of the infant is now available to people, that the offspring are willing to overlook, send to the guest house and get out of the way. May not know what to do when she gets alive by Darren, is not willing to go to the old homes, and finds her children more conservative than she ever was at their age.
