What a moving movie. I have a dear friend who is in her sixties and for the past 15 years has told me that people do not see her anymore and she longs for companionship. Being in my late 40s, I begin to see what she has complained about. You are no longer youthful, beautiful or touchable. When May says "... this lump of a body ..." wow. How our bodies change and how we are told is no longer beautiful. I love when she begins to change what she wears ... the colorful scarf ... no longer the bumpy wife. It is a sad and wonderful picture at the same time. Sad in May betraying his daughter's confidence ... beautiful in that she finds herself through the affairs of affliction and chooses to move forward and finally have her own life. I love the character's bold to start a love affair myself. <br /> <br /> For the most part, I love the movie because it is finally a picture that shows the intricate nature of relationships, be it familiar or not. We see Paula vulnerability, but she wants what she wants at all costs ... (when she tells her mother that she wants a baby for Darren, whether he wants one or not after her mother asks about Darren even want a child). The film hits the mark about how relationships can change, and yet reveals what has been there all the time, sleeping. May has strangled her own creativity to travel a family. A family she didn't really want, but was "something you just did when she was young". I love the scene when Darren calls her an old pie and she smiles and says "I was never called before". It was really a gem of a movie. <br /> <br /> And Daniel Craig. Well, I just love him. I was pleasantly surprised. Not only is he comfortable on his eyes, he is a true talent. What a nice role. He is much more than any 007 that is safe, and I look forward to seeing him in several roles of this kind. The scene where he is pleasuring May, and the look he gives her is a wonderful appearance that he has such control over this woman, and also a pleasure to give it to her. He actually enjoys giving her pleasure. A wonderful scene. The contrast is the love scene with Bruce. Bruce is completely absorbed with his own pleasure ... two completely different men. <br /> <br /> Alas ... I wonder where's my Darren?
