This is an excellent movie that deals with a potentially exploitative subject with great sensitivity. Anne Reid, formerly known in the UK for her television roles, including 'Dinnerladies' (a Victoria Wood scripts on catering companies if you wonder), gives a performance of finely judged understatement in May, 60-year-old mother of two - adults in an inner city in London. Her husband Toots (Peter Vaughan) dies on their visit to the latter of the latter species (Bobby) and we see that the couple are secretly greeted by Bobby and his family. However, May's daughter Paula (Cathryn Bradshaw) lives nearby, and the relationship between May and Paula seems to be closer. Thus, when she decides that she cannot live in her own home and returns to London, she is able to stay in Paula 's house and do some entertainment about Paula' s more appreciative offspring. <br /> <br /> It is on May visit to Bobby's house that she begins an affair with Darren, a mid-30s friend of Bobby working on a house extension. In what may be the first ordinary British film to portray it, May and not Darren (Daniel Craig *) is starting the meeting, and at least initially it seems that the relationship is based on mutual respect. There is no explicit sexual content (at least in the DVD I saw: Differences in the IMDb cast list suggest the existence of other versions), and the physical basis of the affair is handled directly but not exploitively. More strongly portrayed is the relationship between May and daughter Paula, a recent transformation to 'therapy and self-exploration', which states that the mummy has never been supportive to her. Paula is also Darren's beloved, and when she finds May's explicit but rather poor drawings of Darren and May together, it goes downhill in a dramatic but controlled manner. Only in an English movie, a daughter might announce that she is going to beat her mother and politely ask her to get up and duly her. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, May has been drawn into a supposed relationship with a decent, but older (of his own generation) member of Paula's writing group. The contrast between the resulting unwanted intercourse and her affair with Darren is clearly made; It is at the time that May begins to acquire Paula, and Darren's worm begins to reverse (he reveals on cocaine that he may have been after his money, if not all the time, but for some of the trip). So May finds herself superfluous for both her children's needs and eventually returns home (but later leaves it on a jet for new lawns). <br /> <br /> The strength of the movie is that it depicts, with imperfect but sympathetic truth, the nature of contemporary adult parent-sibling relationships, where the deceased can make the surviving parent feel more alone than if they did not have any. to care for them. This is not new, but the openness about the depiction of sexual needs in over 60s may well be. The darkness of the film's content, from a manuscript by Hanif Kureishi, contrasts with the way it is lit (it seems to be eternal summer), and the general mood is uplifting - it could have been so easy set in a dour and rainy England. Perhaps the end is signed because we don't know where May goes or how long - maybe she's Shirley Valentine's pension, she's definitely no Picasso. Anne Reid, however, is revealed as a fine actor whose professional life will certainly have changed forever. As Julie Andrews in Torn Curtain (said by Paul Newman), "Your Mary Poppins {read Dinnerladies} image goes well". <br /> <br /> * Yes, he: announced Oct 2005 as the new James Bond.
