It's hard to imagine a director who is capable of such a godly crap as "Notting Hill" that draws something as sensitive and as attractive as this, but well, here's the evidence, and it's pretty convincing. Several have referred to TV drama, and yes it has seventies Play for Today feels at times, but is always a cut above, mainly I think because of some quite superlative action by Anne Reid and a fine script like shadow boxes with cliché without ever getting one on the nose, except perhaps at the end. (I didn't like either the track of indifferent colors through the hallway or the scary morning final scene: she deserved a more studied finale than I think after all the hard work. The slippers company was also a bit OTT on reflection). What I mean by avoiding cliché: Now I had a delayed expectation that the "mature" man May's daughter is trying to put her up with would Castes in 2 dimensions as a repulsive old bore, to point the contrast more painfully with it attractive, virile young geezer whom he unconditionally competes with. Instead, we get an unexpectedly subtle and sympathetic comedy by a lonely, clumsy, not quite creepy and very human guy who nonetheless does not have a lot of clue about entertaining a woman. It was around the time I started sitting up and paying more attention. Here was a script that lets the actors breathe and do something interesting with relatively small parts. Almost Mike Leigh in that respect (minus the tried and true catars that the latter inexplicably advocate). And of course I was, as everyone probably was stupid of what Anne Reid does with her character and with her body. She is / not / "the oppressed, dutiful housewife discovers herself for the first time", this is far too simplified for the sign we have. Again and again it is expressed that she has been a "poor housewife", not to mention the thing she does with hills, trying to look nourishing and comely and only succeeding in looking awkward. The daughter accuses her of having "sat in front of the TV all day" instead of, yes, regardless of her motherly duties being supposed to have been: she has no answer. She was never a model wife and mother, at least not for herself - this is where much of poignancy comes from, the feeling that someone has wasted a life trying to fulfill a role she simply was not good for ever.
