After SuperFriends and Scooby Doo left on Saturday morning waves in the fall of 1986, I pretty much stopped looking at Saturday morning comics at the time when they were the only two who kept me tuned. And since neither Real Ghostbusters nor Flintstone Kids seemed very promising to me, I "retired" and began to sleep on Saturday morning. I only came back to Saturday morning television in 1988 for one year only for one and only an animated show. <br /> <br /> A new animated show by Superman was something I wouldn't pass. I was 17 and in high school at that time, but so what! I loved this show. From what I remember, this series was a gift to fans, I assume on the occasion of Superman's 50th birthday that year. It had theme music and music style reminiscent of John Williams movie score from Richard Donner / Christopher Reeve Superman movie. I honestly felt that animation style Ruby Spears reminiscent of Super Powers Team: Galactic Guardians series by Hanna Barbera a few years earlier. Unfortunately, Danny Dark was not back as Superman, but I felt that Beau Weaver did a very impressive job as Superman and his Clark Kent's voice was nerd like the Chris Reeve version. After hearing him as Reed Richards / Mr. Great on the 90's Fantastic Four, I could still see this version of Superman in my mind. Ginny McSwain as Lois Lane. LAUGH OUT LOUD! What a rhyme. She was a voice director of Hanna Barbera and Ruby Spears, and I think she took it upon herself to do Lois. Memories of SuperFriends lingered in this series when it came to the cast. Jimmy Olsen is Mark Taylor, who at SuperFriends was formerly Firestorm. Perry White is none other than former Batman television writer Stanley Ralph Ross, who at SuperFriends was Gorilla Grodd and Brainiac in Super Powers shows. And Lex Luthor, now a clever cracking billionaire tycoon is none other than SuperFriend's voice alarm, Michael Bell, whom I know best as Zan and Riddler as well as many other characters in many other series. <br /> <br /> I felt that this series was a combination of the movie Superman with the post-crisis John Byrne re envision of Superman, with Lex Luthor as billionaire tycoon, Jonathan and Martha Kent living to see Clark as Superman. The Bruce Timm series and Lois and Clark would also do this. Unfortunately we never saw Brainiac, Bizarro, Toyman, Metallo or Darkseid. Other than Luthor we saw only Prankster and we saw General Zod. I especially enjoyed the one episode with Wonder Woman being spoken by BJ Ward, who also played her on the Super Powers team. The episodes smashed and I also enjoyed Clark's growing and developmental stories from childhood to childhood to adolescence to an adult moving to Metropolis in the short little segment, Superman's Family Album. <br /> <br /> The only two things I didn't like. It only lasted one season. And after the Wonder Woman guesthouse, I hoped Batman would turn up Adam West (still thinking of the Super Powers Team episodes I guess). I also hoped for it because the Metropolis baseball team in the Prankster episode was pitted against Gotham Goliaths. <br /> <br /> Each popular Super Hero features a cartoon series that is ultra rare. For SpiderMan, I mean that it is the 1981 solo series that was sent simultaneously with Amazing Friends. For the incredible Hulk, it's the 1982 cartoon. For the Fantastic Four, it is the 1978 series of HERBIE Robot. For Batman, it is New Adventures of Batman 1977 by Filmation featuring BatMite. But for Superman, the rarest series is this one. <br /> <br /> Superman books and documentaries never cover or mention it. This is another series that WB should consider for DVD publishing. All in all, this 1988 version of Superman is good .... Super !!
