In the opening scene, the eyepiece wearing desperado named Hawkeye has a smooth forehead, but when he follows Johnny into the pueblo, he is shown with a scar over his patched eye. It is just one of the many continuities that lapses in this pointy 'spaghetti' Western, but instead of degrading the image, it adds a special flavor to the procedure. Another arises when Sanchez turns in his three dead bodies, they must be examined for their identities - "You just can't imagine how many false cadavers we have in our city". Immediately afterwards, Carradine (Lawrence Dobkin) shows up to collect his bounty with no more than one desired poster in his hand. <br /> <br /> As for the film's main Johnny Yuma (Mark Damon), he is shown with her holster alternately on his right and left hip throughout the film after replacing the pistol belts with Carradine after the barroom steeple. Johnny is tied to San Margo at the request of his uncle, but must avenge his death in the hands of fraudulent wife Samantha (Rosalba Neri) and her creeping brother Pedro (Louis Vanner). It takes a little while to get there, but it is a fun trip with one of the best music results on record. As for the salon match, I got a kick out of the kung fu sound effects every time a punch was connected. <br /> <br /> Beware of some more stories exaggerations? After the duel with Pedro the first time, Johnny wipes a small amount of blood from his lip, which he manages to apply to Pedro's entire face. Similarly, when Pedro slips around a little Pepe later in the movie, he doesn't cut him, but when Johnny arrives, Pepe's face is covered in blood. "Johnny Yuma" is probably one of the best of the genre that doesn't have Clint Eastwood in it. As Johnny, Mark Damon is a reasonably fit but without the sweetening exterior. Carradine seemed to be a substitute for the obligatory Lee Van Cleef character, without being a total bad guy. Initially, the identity exchange between Carradine and Johnny did not seem to make sense, but it was interconnected when the film ended. You knew every hand would open up for its sake; The marking time for each was part of the expectation. <br /> <br /> If you are wondering, the title hero has nothing to do with Nick Adam's character from the classic TV Western "The Rebel". In this movie Johnny got his name from a ceasefire he once had in Yuma. <br /> <br /> Perhaps the most unique feature of the story was the way it tied together with the evil Samantha, who pulled strings behind the scenes all the way. After shooting Carradine, she strikes a quick retreat before Johnny can get his revenge. Still alive, Carradine seems to be trying to shoot her and miss, but it doesn't take long for Johnny and Sanchez to trace her into the dessert, where she died without water - Carradine aimed at her canteen.
