One of the more satisfying western all'italians, Johnny Yuma has the freshness of many WAIs made during the heyday of the genre and is highly recommended to fans of the genre or offbeat, intelligent cinema. <br /> <br /> In most respects, Johnny Yuma is not terribly original, but this actually does not count towards it. The success of a genre film depends on how well it meets the expectations of the audience and provides surprising variations on these expected elements. Previously recreated experiences, but with subtle (or large) twists that continue to interest. The quality of the execution is also of course important. A tired retread will be less successful than a sincere attempt to entertain or move the audience. <br /> <br /> In light of these criteria, Johnny Yuma succeeds. There are many reproductions of elements from previous films. The setting is the brutal, winding semi-feudal twilight world shared by many of the best "Gothic family" westerns made in 1964-1968 as Tempo di Massacre (1966). The reason is a combination of the basic Fistful of Dollars (1964) plot and the Ringo films, a fact not surprising when the screenwriter Fendiando di Leo was involved in both. Di Leo was one of the best screenwriters in the popular cinema that came out of Cinecitta in the 1960s and 70s, and his work helped to give much of the thematic continuity and coherence of the genre (along with a couple other personalities in a few separate circles of actors, directors and writers). In the FOD plot comes the protagonist of the city, discovers a tense situation and then undergoes a near death followed by a resurrection (in some films, like Quella sporca storia nel west (1968) it is quite literally a crucifixion). The Catholic undertone of the narrative and symbolism is exciting, especially considering the implicit populist / explicit socialist fates of the filmmakers and their films. The Ringo plot, developed more fully by screenwriter Ernesto Gastaldi in a series of films starring Guliano Gemma, chooses a selfish protagonist to interest a society over itself through a relationship with a member of this community (with a healthy dash of ironic uncertainty) . The relationship between Carradine and Johnny is clearly based on Manco / Mortimer from a Fistful of Dollar (1965). The two scenes for changing the pistol belts provide a smart dialogue and understanding between the two. Numerous films, including Da uomo a uomo (1968) or even El Chuncho, quién sabe? (1967), use this relationship between an elder and a younger man (father / son, elderly / younger brother, angler advisor / opponent and peasant revolutionary) as a central dynamic for the plot. is a focus on deception and misdirection, mazes and mirrors that re-emerge during the best early WAIs. Almeria's guns and pueblos become literal labyrinths through which the protagonist and antagonist play changing games with cat and mouse. What distinguishes Johnny Yuma from other WAI is the quality of director Romolo Guerriri's use of visual / psychological space together with the script's intelligent mechanisms for relaying the plot. The dialogue was never very important for WAI and often absurdly incomprehensible (thought there are exceptions, such as the cynical comments in Django (1966) or Faccia a faccia (1967). <br /> <br /> Psychological depth is created almost entirely by iconic pictures, it's juxtapositions, and it's a description of the overall narrative situation, see how the presence of the deadly Samantha is felt under the striking scene, looking from the roof or from the background of the action, or how Johnny strips Samantha and Pedro off Their safety and confidence in their power through their smart invasions of their ranch, hotel, even bedroom (this is again a theme of the FOD). Finally, note how focus is on the search for information. Many elements are borrowed from the FOD as in ultimately based on the hard-boiled mystery novel Red Harvest, it is through random contacts, desired posters, overheard conversations, gaze out of windows, clocks in the door t or fork tease identities and movements through ripples created by the actions of Pedro and Samantha within this surreal and absurd reality, which the narrative complains to its conclusion. <br /> <br /> The film was remarkable in the time of what was perceived as a surplus in violence. Of course, these movies were hardly more violent than many American westerns. What was different was the psychological intensity of the violence and the reasons for it, that is, it was not the violence, but it was meant to have changed. Johnny Yuma is distinctive and interesting in his use and depiction of violence, and this is another interesting aspect of the movie. What I personally find most interesting about most of this genre is the link it gives to the anonymous, nameless audience in Italy and Spain, to whom these recurring stories had some significance and interest. The object cannot have anything in itself worth it? Some flintdebatite from a prehistoric site, a fate of cruse ceramics or a crumbling piece of leather and rusted metal ?? But it refers to some nameless presence, life that was significant simply because they existed. While Johnny Yuma has intrinsic value, it's a lot of interest to me that comes from this connection and mystery. Top spaghetti western list http://imdb.com/mymovies/list?l=21849907 <br /> Average SWs http://imdb.com/mymovies/list?l=21849889 <br /> <br /> Only for fanatics (bottom of barrel) http://imdb.com/mymovies/list? l = 21849890
