The TENANTS began as a short novel from 1971 by the late Bernard Malamud - author / philosopher - to investigate the conflicts between Jews and African Americans in the burning atmosphere of Brooklyn at the time the book was written. As a novel, the story was sparkling really: as transcribed to a play by novices David Diamond and Danny Green (who also lead), it is more of a cerebral dissertation that gradually breaks out into action at the last moments. <br /> <br /> Harry Lesser (Dylan McDermott) is a Jewish novelist with a book under his belt, but is currently trying to finish his 'latest' book ten years in writing. Convinced that he must implement the novel in the same environment where it was started. He is the only tenant in a condemned Brooklyn residence owned by Levinspiel (Seymour Cassel) who is constantly trying to "buy" Harry's rent so that the dirty counterfeit building can be demolished. Into this atmosphere enters another black militant quasi-anti-Semitic writer Willie Spearmint (Snoop Dogg), whom Harry turns to, stores and offers help to the upcoming novelist's attempt to write about the death of all white people. Harry's attempt to help Willie lead to conflicts, not least Harry's meeting Willie's boyfriend, the white Jewish Irene Bell (Rose Byrne) on a less than friendly collection of Willie's militant black brothers and sisters. Willie and Irene are skiing and Harry is falling in love with Irene and they are planning to leave New York as soon as Harry finishes his novel. When Willie hears about the award and further criticized by Harry, Willie explodes and begins the downward descent of not only a delicate friendship but also a competition between writers. The ending "reveals the smooth nature of human condition and the human capacity for violence and regret." The actors do their best with a script that is a little awkward, but despite script lines adjoining the sermon, they create credible signs. The kinematics improves history, keeps the mood thankful and close and primarily limited to the condemned building. The musical score appropriately uses solo jazz trumpet and blues piano to emphasize the excitement and isolation of each of these unfounded characters. Although it takes a little patience to do so through the brain business, the movie is finally worth seeing. At least, it tries to restore Malamud's bizarre gaze to life in the big city. Grady Harp
