Like Jack Nicholson's direct debut, Drive, Han Said at least shows that he is a gifted director of actors. Even when the story may seem to be losing its way to the audience (and to a modern audience - if they can find what appears again and again on eBay - it may seem more free-form than they think), the movie contains live, interesting characterizations. The film tells of two college kids: The main character is Hector (William Carpets, in which limits on a break-out performance), a star of the leopards, the college basketball team he plays on. While dealing with a coach (Bruce Dern) who puts the pressure on the focus, and an on and off girlfriend (Karen Black) with her own emotional problems, there is Gabriel (Michael Margotta), the other child. Gabriel seems to be a little more than freaked out of the opportunity to be drafted, and then in his own radical memory state he does what he can to endure. But when Hector tries to find the balance between his gracious fame and those he loves, Gabriel goes over the threshold. <br /> <br /> Nicholson, on the technical side of things, shows a fascinating editing style that keeps things on the edge under the basketball scenes and implements darkness in many other scenes with a documentary feel throughout. And from Carpets, Black and even Robert Towne (author of Chinatown, Last Detail and Mission: Impossible among others who rarely appear), he gets some credible work. Although carpets tend to break down their feelings. In some scenes, for example, when he could act brilliantly sarcastic, he does not play for what it is worth. On the other hand, from Margotta, there is a living, twisted force in his performance, and when he comes down, it is frightening, but perhaps understandable from the ages (and what climax). Dern steals most of his scenes by the way, in a performance that should have given him an Oscar nomination. Each line of his dialogue is appropriate, true, and it has never been hanged up as in recent coach movie performances. <br /> <br /> But what pulls down the movie is that elements that involve the characters are not explained to the extent you might want more. The film was based on a novel by Jeremy Larner, who wrote with Nicholson, and I expected the movie to be longer than it was. It's a thin volume with lots of information, about the times of the sport, about the underlying feelings that were with the younger generations. Nicholson presents us with these characters and situations, and rarely are they shown to motivate them (anti-war protesters not included, their part is understandable enough). Gabriel is disturbed by what is happening in Vietnam, but what else is there? Hector is also a guy who has the fear of being drafted for the NBA and he still loves to play, but what keeps him back? This whole atmosphere is exciting as the 60's college / basketball experience was, but the exciting quality that leads to some unconventionality is kept at a point where it cannot go further. Overall, the effect of the film as a whole is bittersweet and somewhat memorable for its good points, and not for the low ones. And surely you can see who is behind the lens every step of the way. B +
