This is a great movie to watch. Using digital technology, the director, Rohmer, has literally circumcised his live actors in painted scenery. Most of the time it works brilliantly, especially at the beginning, where the movie is like a pop-up history book, comes to life. It is less successful in some scenes where it limits camera angles (they had not painted the side of some of the buildings for example), but it is a very interesting way of filming a historical movie that is just as much about our own misunderstandings and limited view of history as the story itself. It is told by the memoirs of Duc d'Orleans wife, Grace Elliott. Then there is a story about an event, like a Marshal historian, especially in France, as one of their own has been told by a female aristocratic foreigner. Inevitably, there is another point of view - there can be no objective representation. The use of the memoirs gives the film a rather episodic quality. Personally, I found the story of the king's death the most interesting. A strong royal she is shocked when Duc votes for the king's death (a basic knowledge of the French Revolution is probably useful to follow the Grace-Duc dialogue here. He was Louise's cousin and had elected to the assembly where he immediately changed his name to Philip Equality). The film about Louise's death is masterful. Grace and her maid are in Meudon, out of Paris, looking from a hill with a telescope. We don't see the execution, we only hear the girls' comments, like Grace. The most dramatic event of the revolution is off screen. Grace can't bear to see her king be killed. Her view is that of an aristocrat. Any justification for Louise's death is literally past her vision. This is a powerful, intelligent movie production. The love story between duc and Grace is insinuated, never told, and moves vigorously (thu Duc seems a bit of a pompous fool at times; what does she see in him? No account for taste). The undercurrent of madness (simply existing is enough to be a suspect), sweeping individuals together at a time like the Revolution, is illustrated when Grace's life is turned upside down, she is housed daily, but she still orders her servants to make food for her food and unable to dress herself! If you have any interest whatsoever in a subtle, well-liked film, make smart use of new technology to tell an old tale or representation of a pivotal moment in Europe's history told by an aristocratic foreign woman, the ultimate outsider, so this is worth it your time. It is a bit slow in places, but your patience is rewarded.
