Like many Americans, I was first introduced to the works Hayao Miyazaki when I saw "Spirited Away." I fell in love with the movie and have seen it many times. Now I'm hunting to see every movie by Miyazaki. One of his earlier works is "Castle in the Sky." Even though it's still fun, it's not as good as "Spirited Away" (though comparing this or any movie to his 2002 masterpiece may be unfair). A young boy named Pazu (James Van Der Beek) is working in a mine late one night when he sees a girl slowly falling from the sky. When she wakes up the next morning, she introduces herself as Sheeta (Anna Paquin). But Sheeta has a secret, and before he knows, Pazu is drawn into an adventure that will endanger him with pirates, the army and a lost floating city. <br /> <br /> Entering a movie of Hayao Miyazaki means you can expect one thing: a sense of wonder and magic. Many filmmakers have tried, but no one can create a sense of magic and awe like Miyazaki. Watching a movie from Miyazaki is like experiencing a fantastic dream from your childhood. Because the movie is animated, it does not mean that duplication of the film is much of a problem because it is almost impossible to determine whether or not the lip movements match the words. It also helps that the translated dialogue is well-written and pronounced by talented actors. The voice effect is varied. James Van Der Beek fares best. He brings an irresistible enthusiasm and excitement to the role of Pazu, which is perfect for the character. Anna Paquin is almost as good as Sheeta. She is afraid of the events going on around her, but she knows what to do. Mark Hamill is unrecognizable as the evil Muska. He is dangerous and wants something from Sheeta and will do anything to get it. The other voices are bad. Cloris Leachman is horrible as Dola. Leachman may have won an Oscar for "The Last Picture Show", but she is annoying as a pirate leader. Leachman gives the character an unpleasant squawk that is almost always monotonous. It's so bad it almost destroys the movie! Jim Cummings is an effective voice-over actor, but he is overlooked as general. I would definitely recommend seeing the "Castle in Heaven." I probably end up buying it myself. But even though it's not as good as "Spirited Away," it's still pretty good.
