Backed from its original Japanese name LAPUTA (to be an offensive sentence, something that director Hayao Miyazaki was unaware of at that time), CASTLE IN THE SKY is the champion's third animator, and it's one of his most beloved whole the time. Originally a disappointment in the box office in its release in 1986, it has since been embraced by critics and audiences around the world. Inspired by Jonathan Swift's "Gulliver's Travels", CASTLE IN THE SKY is an action adventure of steampunk theme about two young orphans - young miner Pazu and the mysterious girl Sheeta (wearing a magic crystal around her neck) to find it far lost island Laputa, rumored to have great wealth and gems. They are aided by a band of bumbling but sympathetic air pirates led by the feudy Dola (who initially chases them but turns out to be true allies) and persecuted by the government led by his crook top secret agent, Muska, who wants Laputa's power to their advantage. <br /> <br /> For anyone looking for an exciting way to spend two hours, this movie is an excellent choice with just the right amount of humor, exploration, wonder and mystery to keep one interested. The artwork, although not as spectacular as in some of Miyazaki's later films, is stunning and beautiful enough to look with imaginative characters and locations, incredibly exciting action scenes, and amazing flight sequences that make one feel dizzy. And while the characters filling this narrative are less complex than Miyazaki's other works, each one has a memorable, loving personality that stays with the viewer long after the movie is over. Dola in particular makes a fantastic cartoon character, shouts orders for her missing sons for a moment and becomes protective of Sheeta the next. Muska is one of the few Miyazaki creatures that ever crosses as an irreversible villain, but as Dola, he commands every scene he's in with a creepy charisma that is both close and cool. <br /> <br /> Anime fans have often compared this movie to Gainax's sci-fi adventure series NADIA: THE SECRET OF BLUE WATER. On the contrary, both works share the same story and character elements ... not to mention that they were both created by Miyazaki himself. Where both are different in their execution. NADIA, although it was charming mostly, suffered from a wrong turn at mid-point, turned into cartoon-like nonsense, all but distracted from the main plot, though it had a strong ending. CASTLE IN THE SKY, on the other hand, stays consistently entertaining and focused for its two-hour running time, and that's better for it. While the movie's epic tone is sometimes broken up by some "cartoon-like" moments, like a fight between Pazu's boss and one of Dola's sons, it's never to the point that it detracts from the movie. <br /> <br /> About the student Many years ago, Disney released an English version with a large selection of big names like James van der Beek, Anna Paquin, Cloris Leachman, Mark Hamill, Mandy Patinkin and some cameo valves by veterans such as Tress. MacNeille and Jim Cummings. It also has an ambitious reworking of Joe Hisaishi's beautiful musical score for a performance of the Seattle Music Orchestra (interestingly, the man behind this rescore is none other than the composer himself). As much as purists have shouted over scoffing at this version for its occasional extra dialogue and the aforementioned rescue warrant, Miyazaki did not have such problems; In fact, he is pretending to have patched the process and for good reason, because the newly created music is really the star of the new dub. While there are some cases where filling in some critically silent scenes from the original Japanese is a bit devastating (especially the journey through a dragon-infected storm cloud), overall recast is fantastic and improves in many ways on the original, especially in scenes such as when a robot attacks a fortress and the climatic moments towards the end. Here, Hisaishi shows his musical versatility and genius to match music to images. <br /> <br /> As far as the performances in the dub are concerned, the leaders are probably in the short end of the stick; James Van Der Beek's Pazu sounds much more mature than his character, while Anna Paquins Sheeta speaks with an odd accent that sometimes fluctuates (a problem that actually works for the character). Having said that, both do good jobs in general and give a fairly credible chemistry all the way through. It's the lively support casting that really makes this dub so fun, especially Cloris Leachman's Dola and Mark Hamill's Muska. Both are perfectly cast and steal every scene they are in; As with the rescore, these two really warrant a listen to Disney Dub. Manuscript customization often borders on the loose side - there are quite a few extra lines and / or comments (some of which are invaluable fun and others slightly overdone) - but apart from at least one debatable change (Sheasa's speech in the climactic showdown "the world cannot live without love "unlike the original" you cannot survive except mother earth "), the overall characters, history and spirit remain faithful to the original. On the whole, there is little to compare the Disney version with the original language track; each puts their own stamp on this legendary masterpiece, and I like both of them. (They are also better than Streamline / JAL's more literal but frightening robot, lifeless, abysmally acted and poorly written older dub from the late 1980s, don't think anyone says that this version is "superior" to Disney's - Believe me, the opposite is true. <br /> <br /> Whatever, you can't go wrong with CASTLE IN THE SKY. It's one of Miyazaki's all-time biggest and I highly recommend it.
