I just realized that I've been using IMDb for years now, and I've never reviewed my favorite movie. By favorite I don't mean something I like for now, I think this movie is so supernaturally perfect that there is never another animated experience to touch it. This is obvious because I never become a child again; I watched this movie at ITV in the early 90s. I was 12, which is the age group this movie is aimed at, I am also the man, the sex this movie is intended for (the overwhelming majority of Miyazaki's main characters are women). Therefore, this film inextricably inspired my childhood psychology, and I'm obsolete to Carl Macek (sp?) To produce the English dub of this movie, which is far better than Di $ ney production, which isn't even fun - I've never been could see the one - of course, the subtitle is the only way in the end, but the Macek version is so good (the voices almost correspond to the original Japanese actors) that this version is available on the Japanese DVD! It is not available on any distribution in an English speaking country. Go figure. <br /> <br /> There are hundreds of competent reviews, so I'll put some trivia here, not that I'm the ultimate archive of information for this movie. <br /> <br /> First of all, I would agree with the reviewer who said you need 20 out of 10 to review Miyazaki's movie - they are so in their own league that they do almost the entire catalog on IMDb combined pale to negligible. <br /> <br /> The fascinating story of this movie is that Miyazaki based the landscape around the Battle of Ravine (Pazu's urban area) on the Welsh mining communities. He visited Wales for a couple of months in the early 80's (perhaps in the late 70's) right after one of the big mining dabbers. Being an avid supporter of the students' socialist movements in the 60s, he felt their situation. The battle between the cities and the pirates in the beginning serves to illustrate this empathy with the worker. The landscape and clouds especially in this movie remind me of where I grew up as his film depicts a fantasy version of the rolling hills of the middle British islands. The island is of course from Swift's ingenious satirical novel from the eighteenth century - the story in Swift's book is deliberately ridiculous. In the castle in heaven, Miyazaki weaves myths like Atlantis and the Babel Tower - I also think the architecture is based on Peruvian ruins, though I'm not sure anyone told me. <br /> <br /> Anyone who comes around to read this review and likes this movie would really like to check out Miyazaki's epic series Mirai Shounen Conan - Future Boy Conan - based on the short sci fi novel 'The Incredible Tide of the Alexander Key (novel available online). Conan is basically a prototype for Laputas Pazu and Shita. In addition, you may not be familiar with his previous work for Masterpiece Theater - some of his key frame animation. He also made a key frame for Sherlock Hound - this has some of the finest backgrounds I've ever seen. See also Miyazaki and Takahata's first feature film Horus Prince of the Sun (1968) - fantastic today with today's standards. What's more ... Gauche the Cellist and The Flying Ghost Ship - even though they are quite rare. <br /> <br /> This movie is such a gift, I do not know what we would do without it with all this other crap storytelling around, this is like an oasis. Arigatou Miyazaki-sensei!
