Castle in the sky is undoubtedly a Hayao Miyazaki movie. Having seen it for the first time, I'm happy to say it doesn't disappoint. On the contrary, you get your time worth, which means (as far as Miyazaki's films are concerned), it's nothing short of excellent! <br /> <br /> Produced early in his cinematic career, Castle in the Sky expects many of the brands in his later films to be helped by strong (but young) female characters forced to grow up due to external circumstances by very interesting (and sometimes lovable) support signs. And of course, the usual battle of nature against civilization, flying machines (lots of it !!), beautiful painted sceneries ?? but unfortunately no pigs (at least what I have noticed, after all I have only seen it once). Nevertheless, Miyazaki had already had his theater debut two years earlier, with Nausicãa, who was a dressing test for Princess Mononoke, his magnum opus. Sky Castle is a bit of these two, with a soft action package first 30 minutes, similar to his television series Conan, and his directed episodes by Meitantei Holmes. Here we are introduced to Sheeta, a girl who literally falls from the sky, only to be found by Pazu, a young boy working in a small rural mining. Inundated by her memory loss and suspecting a connection between her and the mysterious flying city of Laputa, Pazu sets out to help her find out where she came from as he left the army and a gang of air pirates. As the film progresses, the plot becomes heavier and much more interesting, and Myiazaki reveals its best. The soundtrack is very similar to Spirited Away, (or vice versa, when the castle in heaven was first produced), and much like its director, Joe Hisaishi, the composer, begins with a very light score, It becomes more complex and beautifully appropriate as the plot progresses ! <br /> <br /> A note to the English dubbing with a good interpretation from the two main stars, although Anna Paquins Sheeta has a very clear accent (which the actress still had at that time in her career) and a head up for Mark Hamil as Muska and make a happy but devil villain! <br /> <br /> Don't miss this people!
