Hayao Miyazaki's second feature film, and his first to be widely recognized both commercially and critically (though his debut - Nausicaa AKA Warriors of the Wind is considered by many fans, his best), 'Tenku no Shiro Rapyuta' AKA 'Castle in the Sky' may seem childish and simplified compared to his recent masterpieces such as 'Kiki's Delivery Service', 'Mononoke-hime' and 'Spirited Away', but in 1986 it was the year before its time, and that was one of the milestones of modern anime . It is important to remember that 'Castle in the Sky' was made two years before the revolutionary 'Akira', and although it is not provocative and controversial as the aforementioned masterpiece, the protagonists are all essentially basic manga heroines / villains. characters, and the story is quite predictable and obvious (at least in today's standards), Miyazaki's design and animation work are norms that you have never seen before. While history and humor are a bit stupid and outdated at times, the film is still very entertaining and very entertaining - if not as breathtaking as 'Spirited Away'. And if you want to allow yourself to see the beauty of the framework itself and ignore low budget coloring and animation and the same twin surfaces - at this time Miyazaki is still believing in its roots and the agreed standards of Japanese comic film - you'll see Miyazaki's genius shine through as well as it does on 'Spirited Away' and Mononoke. While 'Castle in the Sky', which is a sci-fi adventure and very suitable for children, fits more precisely with classic anime than anything else he had done since, his motives and principles still show and play an important role. To say much more would be to destroy the movie so that I am kind. Suffice it to say that I only give it nine stars because if I gave it ten, I couldn't go higher for 'Spirited Away' and 'Princess Mononoke'. And that would be a crime. As in most anime movies, I recommend watching the Japanese version with the English subtitles, even if you don't speak a word of Japanese - the English overdue just don 't tend to be very good and in this case is It's just awful. You might want to see it in the English version once, but just for the laughs, and for the star-filled cast (the English dub was first recorded after the success of 'Spirited Away' as it was for 'Kiki's Delivery Service') - Anna Paquin and James Van Der Beek (Yes, Dawson the guy!) Complete the lead, Mark Hamill (Luke Skywalker from 'Star Wars' if you don't know!) Play the villain and other roles are filled by Andy Dick, Tres MacNeille (The Simpsons, Rugrats, Animaniacs ...), Michael McShane (Friar Tuck from Kevin Costner's Robin Hood travesty) and Mandy Patinkin (Hi I am Inigo Montoya ...) Good for a laugh or a couple of laughs really. But first see the Japanese.
