Listen to the soundtrack at the moment, the pictures come back with a liveliness that makes my longing for a dry eye very strong (to be able to write this). I've seen it twice so far, and I was ashamed to have seen it * only * twice. <br /> <br /> I've seen all the Miyazaki & Studio Ghibli movies, and they're always nothing short of masterpieces (except perhaps for Nausicaa, who was, even in the uncut version prematurely compared to the nec -plus-ultra manga). Still, their strength sometimes becomes their weakness, as they tend to be too naive / positive (Chihiro) or with more nuance a little too explicit / moralistic (Mononoke). At least compared to, for example, the second Ghibli master Takahata (Fireflies grave / Only yesterday / Raccoon Wars). But not this one. <br /> <br /> In Laputa, Miyazaki pays tribute to all the amazing narrative that narrators of narratives have gathered and perfected over time, combined with a bit of morality, but nicely interwoven with not only a completely transcendental atmosphere but also with humor and entertainment of for example Totoro. Each protagonist is perfectly portrayed with their doubts and fears and their qualities that help them solve difficulties. The pacings are so perfect that I know nothing except a black hole that could exert such gravity on your whole being. The story stands out as an action tile with mysteries hinted at, but when the girl falls from the sky, unconscious, floating with the stone, and the main theme kicks in, you get a glimpse of the great mystery you're about to uncover, but the story sets and gradually over a series of carefully selected scenes of action and serene beauty built into an unforgettable climate of melancholy, hope, beauty - as after days of gloomy gloom and finally, the horizon on a clear morning sees the road going, looking ahead, but smiled on the mere fact of being able to catch a glimpse of it. It is like an exploding white light in your skull that if, when the credits begin to roll, you have kept your eyes dry and your mind numb, see a therapist. Although some recent Miyazaki techniques may be more overwhelming, I remain his undisputed masterpiece. If you take a fraction of a second to realize that this was made back in 1986, you can only come to the conclusion that Hayao Miyazaki is a genius like a star that only appears once every 200 years. This has, of course, been suggested before, but for me it is his only film which in itself can illustrate the simple fact. If you miss this during your lifetime, you will die with a big hole - which would be a shame as the coffin costs the same.
