Have you ever wished you could escape your boring and stressful life in school or work and go on your own magic adventure with one of your closest friends by your side and face every possible danger and villain and solve the mystery of a lost civilization who just waiting for someone to discover all his secrets? Even if you are not that much of a fantasy lover, have you ever wished you could just see what it is like to be a child again and not have care in the world for just a few hours? <br /> <br /> This is exactly what Miyazaki's "Castle in the Sky" is all about. Pazu, a young but very brave and ambitious engineer, lives a rustic life in a mining until one day, a girl named Sheeta falls from the sky like an angel and takes him on a journey to a place far beyond the clouds while the whole Currently, the pirates and military units have heat on their tracks. Simply put, it's just the amazing adventure every child dreams of at some point and I can't help but feel my worries melt away every time I see it. <br /> <br /> As it is one of Miyazaki's older works and takes up a lot of everyday life, the film is not as visually spectacular or deep in its history as Spirited Away, Howl's Moving Castle or even Princess Mononoke. Nevertheless, I find it difficult to say that any of these films is superior to the other because all three of these films are mysterious at some point, if not confusing, especially to the youngest of the viewers. <br /> <br /> "Castle in the Sky" on the other hand does not try to be an allegory of any kind, nor is it a historical story; Instead, it is one of the best portrayals of the interior of a child's mind I've ever seen. Not only is the work of art beautiful, but the use of perspective from the children's eyes is just amazing; whether it is panning the "camera" to see the huge trees or clouds overhead or the incredible sense of height from looking down to the ground or the sea, while hundreds of feet in the air, I just can't help but feel like I is there with Pazu and Sheeta, just a child in another world, far away from reality. Even the children themselves do not have a complex relationship that suggests a need for hope such as Ashitaka / San or Chihiro / Haku; Sheeta is Pazu's angel, who has literally fallen into his life from heaven one day, the perfect person for him right from the start. As the film progresses, more and more of their true adventurous childhood spirit comes out through their kind words and beautifully realistic facial expressions. Not only are they a sweet reminder of who I used to be, but their loving friendship never leaves the whole movie, but grows stronger only to the last frame. That's why I fell in love with the two of them more than I have with any other Miyazaki couple. At the same time, "Castle in the Sky" is such an easily accessible movie because it doesn't matter what kind of random movie goods you can be, you will be sure to find your solution here. Mystery, action, drama, comedy, excitement, sci-fi, romance, even some Western ... it's all here, almost everything people go to for movies (except maybe horror). Therefore, I can easily recommend it as a first Miyazaki movie; It is perfect for those who do not have the expectation of having seen the incredible other secrecy of some of his recent works. Even the final song of the film, when translated into English, conveys the feeling of longing for the discovery of a kind of lost civilization and a kind of soulmate that could not be found in our worldly life. "The reason why I long for the many lights is that you are in one of them ... Earth spins, carries you, carries us both, who will surely meet." Miyazaki has always delivered poetic lyrics to make final songs out of Joe Hiasashi's beautiful scores, but it's the only one I've seen that is both a touching love song and an inspirational dream. I've found myself near tears and just listening to it. <br /> <br /> "Castle in the Sky" may not be Miyazaki's most developed, spectacular or meaningful work, but it is perfect for what it really was supposed to be: a true vision of fantasy from childhood and a wonderful escape from reality to adults who want them to have the same amazing sense of imagination they had when they were just carefree little children. Sit back, relax and love it for what it is.
