It is always difficult to put a stamp on any movie as "the best", whether it is a particular genre or what you have, but I think a strong argument could be made that Laputa is actually the largest animated movie ever made . It is in my mind the masterpiece of Hayao Miyazaki, the most talented of Japan's animated directors, and it captures his forces as an instructor, narrator and designer, and encapsulates all of his underlying themes. The version I am reviewing is the American American dubie in 2003 (I know, the shrine of a hard-core anime fan not to see it in its native language); there is at least one other english language out there, i have it on vhs (i have no idea which source) and that version is the best single dub i have ever encountered any movie. But I thought it was better to concentrate on the version that people can actually find. <br /> <br /> Laputa tells the story of a boy named Pazu (pronounced by James Van Der Beek here) who grows up in a mining operation when one day a young girl named Sheeta (Anna Paquin) literally falls from heaven. It seems she is being pursued by a monstrous government agent, Colonel Muska (Mark Hamill), who is more interested in the magic crystal hanging around her neck. To keep things alive, there is also a vicious fun pirate band after the crystal, led by the aging but still fierce Dola (Cloris Leachman). The reason is about the crystal's ability to reveal the location of the famous flying city of Laputa, a potential treasure trove of scientific knowledge and hidden treasure. It is all very much in keeping with a fairy tale setting, but Miyazaki knows exactly how far it is to take the story, and the plot is scented with 'gosh-wow' moments and cramped with its usual morals and warnings of abusing nature's power. <br /> <br /> The design work at Laputa, almost twenty years later, is still revolutionary. Airplanes of all sorts of surfaces are completely impossible, but so carefully designed that you immediately accept them without blinking. The world is set around the beginning of the twentieth century, with telegraphs and old motor vehicles along with the wonderful impossible airplanes. But it is the city itself that is pure shine in execution; Laputa is both the Garden of Eden and the sky of heaven itself, and by the fact that the side position is its appeal, its power and its danger. Besides being a thought-provoking design and beautifully reproduced film, Laputa is blessed with a wonderful sense of film. From sweeping flying shots to quick hunting of small one-man flyers to ships, immersing in the clouds as if they were water, Laputa shows an extent like most movies? even with the magic CGI ?? can only daydream about. Although we only see a small part of this world, it stretches its elegance beyond the frame and we have no trouble believing it. The movie also includes one of my favorites, if not the most exciting, action sequences ever: A cradle robot that fell to Earth is accidentally re-activated and gets chaos on the fortress as it is kept, constantly trying to protect Sheeta ( who was the one who woke it up). In the meantime, Pazu and the pirates hit their small airplanes to move her, literally, from the destroying quays. From the horrible sight of the robot that burns the landscape to the thrilling last second's rescue, the whole sequence is a masterpiece of timing and camera angles and knowing exactly how far it is to take the audience. <br /> <br /> It helps what Laputa has a fantastic score. Composer Joe Hisaishi captures the wonderful beauty of this world, the gloomy innocence, the exhilarating action, and the other world of the flying city and its bizarre robotists. Although he resumed it for this DVD release (which the IMO is not an improvement over his original score), paragraphs add here and there, the score perfectly matches the images, a rare total of sound and vision. <br /> This is not a bad dub. I'm very fond of the older English dub, and this one explains things just a bit in spots, but I was almost shocked at how closely these voices matched them (and they matched the Japanese quite well). Especially Dola is hard to get right, but Leachman is spot on as the fiery old pirate woman (her sons are not quite as good as the original). Paquin does a good job as Sheeta and Mark Hamill, while I knew it was him early, is more than talented enough to do Muska (I liked the other English dub of Muska a little more, but Hamill is good). Much of the film rests on Pazu's shoulders, and Van Der Beek is wonderful. Listening to him made me believe that this crew must have had access to the other English dub because VDB matches very closely with the original Pazu. Even though I see a dub is the reason for excommunication among the believers in Otaku, as much as I love this movie, I don't think you sacrifice much, simply looking at this Anglicized version. John Lassiter from Pixar introduces it to the front, and my suspicion is that, like many others, he simply loves this movie so much that they tried very hard to secure their high quality. <br /> <br /> In recent years, Miyazaki has been successful in America with Spirited Away and Mononoke (one of his few films, I don't care), but for me, Laputa is still his huge achievement. Anyone who is familiar with his later work will almost certainly enjoy this earlier work, and again this film is a master at the top of its form, hitting each cylinder. I would pay big money to see this on a big screen; while this may not happen, it is good to know that at least this classic has been preserved on DVD.
