Now you've probably heard a bit about the new Disney double of Miyazaki's classic film, Laputa: Castle In The Sky. During the late summer of 1998, Disney released "Kiki's Delivery Service" on video that included a preview of the Laputa dub that said it was due "1999". It is clearly far past that year now, but the stud has finally been completed. And it's not "Laputa: Castle In The Sky", just "Castle In The Sky" for dub, as Laputa is not such a good word in Spanish (though they use the word Laputa many times throughout the double). You've also probably heard that the world-renowned composer, Joe Hisaishi, who scored the movie originally went back to recreate the excellent music with new events. Laputa came out to my neighbor Totoro and after Nausicaa from Vindens Dale, who started Studio Ghibli, and it's a lot of hits. And in my opinion, I think it is one of Miyazaki's best films with a powerful lesson in this two-hour and four-minute gem. Laputa: Castle in the Sky is a movie for all ages and I encourage everyone to watch it. <br /> <br /> For those who are not familiar with the castle in Sky's history, it begins right at the start and does not stop for the next two hours. The story is so flawless and masterfully designed, you see Miyazaki's true vision. And believe me, it's a fantastic one. The film begins with Sheeta, a girl with a helluva passing by as she is being held captive by the government on an airship. Sheeta holds the key to Laputa, the castle in heaven and a far lost civilization. The key to Laputa is a sacred pendant she has, as many are looking for, namely the government, the military and the air pirate group, the Dola band (which Sheeta and Pazu later turn to). Soon the pirates attack the ship and she escapes during the raid. She falls a few thousand meters, but the fall is soft and thanks to her pendant. As she flows down from the sky, Pazu, an orphan who survives by working in the mines, sees Sheeta and catches her. The two become fast friends, but thanks to her pendant, the two are caught up in a great thrill ride that the Dola band and government are trying to capture Sheeta. One action sequence after the other, we teach all the characters' motives and identities, which we build on the emotional and action-packed climax that will surely delight us all with the amazing animation and wonderful dialogue. Plus some horrible surprise. I think this movie is simply remarkable and lasts for two-hour and four-minute maturity. The story is wonderful as we jump into Hayao Miyazaki's animation, which has no boundaries. The setting of the movie is a combination of many time periods. It seems to happen in the late 1800s, but it is an alternative universe that has advanced technology and weapons. Laputa is also surprisingly a fun movie. The movie has tons of fun moments, almost like drama and action that the movie possesses. I think the funniest part is a battle scene where Pazu's boss faces a pirate and immediately after a rebellion breaks out. It's fun when we see the men, compare their strength, and the music fits in perfectly with it. <br /> <br /> Now let's talk about how the doubles are. An excellent cast gives some good performances to bring these characters to life. Teen heartthrob James Van Der Beek plays the hero Pazu, who has a much more mature voice than in the Japanese version, where in the original he sounded more childish. In some way I think his voice is a good fit with Pazu. Anna Paquin, the young Oscar winner from "The Piano", plays Sheeta. This is also a good performance, but the voice is a bit uneven, she doesn't stick to an accent. At times she sounds like American as an apple pie, but at other times she sounds like a person from New Zealand. The most enjoyable performance, however, was by Coris Leachman, who played Mama Dola. Not only is this an excellent achievement, but the voice and feeling she gives the character really brings it to life. If there was ever a live-action Laputa movie (G-d forbid), she would be the one to play her, you could just imagine her in the role (well something). Luke Skywalker himself, Mark Hamill is Muska, and this is another top-rate Hamill performance. You may be familiar with Hamill from a wide range of voices after making the original Star Wars movies, but he makes Muska evil. His voice sounds like his regular voice and mix of Joker, which he played for many episodes on the animated Batman series. Rounding the draft is the voice character actor Jim Cummings who does a big, gruff job as general and Andy Dick and Mandy Patakin as members of the Dola gang. <br /> <br /> Now let me talk about what really makes this dub special, Joe Hisaishi is newly arranged music! For those who have never heard of him, Mr. Hisaishi music and like all the Miyazaki movies, the music is very memorable. Each of his scores has his own personas, which fits perfectly with that movie. Now these new schemes he has made are more "American as", which I think was the goal of the new footage. Don't worry, the classic tunes in the Japanese version are still here in good shape. The result, for me, sounds like being arranged as this is a Hollywood blockbuster. It has more power, it has more weight, it is clearer and deeper. The movie's prologue, the first few seconds when we are introduced to airships, has some new music (I'm not sure, but I think when we first saw the ships, there was no music at all). But a majority of the music has new backgrounds and more background music to enjoy. Things seem much improved. In a strong scene, the music is stronger than in the original versions. In a quiet scene it is more quiet. All in all, I think many of you will be happy with the new events a mix I did a lot myself and personally think it helps improve the movie. I prefer the new score over the old one and I hope Disney will release or license the music rights to a full blown soundtrack. <br /> <br /> Another plus side to dub is that the story remains faithful and much of the original Japanese lines are intact. In Kiki, I'm sure a few lines have changed, and it's the same way lines have changed. But a majority is close or exactly the original lines and the Miyazaki dialogue has written. I was afraid some good lines would be slaughtered, but they were intact. Some new lines have been added as well as helping. But I'm not sure if it's a good thing or a bad thing that Disney doesn't translate the final song it was in Japanese. I was mortified as they made brand new songs for Kiki dub, but with this version it is the original song ... in Japanese. So I think it's good, it's still the original, but bad, since a majority of people see this dub speak English. There is a big down side to this dub, and it's about how voices match the character's lips. Of course, in any dub it won't be perfect, but I think in Kiki and Mononoke that the line of matching lines was much better done (and Disney had a little more time with this ...) . Some of the time matches everything perfectly, some of the time that doesn't fit perfectly, and in rare cases someone says something, and the lips don't move at all (there's a scene where Sheeta chuckles and her mouth doesn't move a bit) . <br /> <br /> As far as the movie is concerned, it's my thoughts. I thought the most amazing part of Laputa was the animation. From the opening sequence to the end, the animation is so lush and detailed, you just have to look in awe. You see the true nature of each character, true details in their face with extreme close-ups and action. You need to give a ton of credit for the effort that these animators put into this movie. Everything is so well done and beautifully hand drawn, it is like a moving work of art. And to think, this was done in the mid-1980s. The animation is quite different from Disney, Ghibli has its own distinctive flare, which is very different but very good. And after all these years, the colors look like living as ever. Laputa also has tons of action sequences, lots of aircraft dogfights plus a couple on the ground. These sequences are so well-finished and so exciting, it's scary that they can be compared to a big budget action movie. And the final is just something you should see. The sound effects are clean and classic and fit explosions, gun guns and everything else good. And like all Miyazaki movies, each focuses on a different theme (eg, Kiki: Confidence). This one has a good lesson on greed and power. People are not aware of how greed can take you and how to have too much power is not good. People are obsessed with power and are greedy, and the most important villian, Muska, shows it strongly. <br /> <br /> All in all, Laputa: Castle In The Sky was a great movie to begin with, and is now mostly improved. I am glad that a more ordinary audience now has the chance to see this classic animated film in all its glory. With a great voice cast that put much in the movie with the excellent redone musical score of Joe Hisaishi, Disney has done a good job on this dub and is well worth it. Although I think the voices matched the mouths better in Kiki and Princess Mononoke Disney dubs, Castle In The Sky is still a big dub and is worth the long delays, because now more can show a great movie.
