Whatever personal opinion one might have of Walerian Borowczyk's grotesque but beautiful gem "La Bête" from 1975, one must admit that this bizarre gem is a truly unique movie experience. Borowczyk erotic adventures were banned in several countries for a long time, and it is quite clear why this controversial gem was the victim of stupid film censors. "La bête" is a fascinating blend of intense and beautiful fairy-like atmosphere, rather explicit eroticism and genuine disgrace that bravely refuses to compromise. The fact that beastiality (one kind) is one of the film's central themes did not help it at all with the censors, but it made it very controversial and therefore known to a wider audience. <br /> <br /> Pierre de l 'Esperance (Guy Tréjan), head of a French aristocratic family, has arranged for his slightly-denied son Mathurin (Pierre Benedetti) to marry Lucy Broadhurst (Lisbeth Hummel), the young and beautiful daughter of a wealthy English family. Because of an old curse, Mathurin's uncle (Marcel Dalió) is strictly against the wedding. When Lucy and her mother arrive at the French property, Lucy is immediately fascinated by a portrait of the 18th century ancestor Romilda (Sirpa Lane) and with an old book showing bizarre drawings. The story soon comes down to a bizarre sexual fever dream ... Without giving away too much, I can say that fans of extraordinary cinema should not consider missing this movie. As a bizarre, "La bête" is undoubtedly also amazingly beautiful in style, settings and movies. The fever-dreamlike atmosphere is present inside and outside of dream sequences. The forest garden and the impressive family home are magnificent surroundings, and the beautiful score and incredible cinematography build an overwhelming atmosphere for this grotesque story. The very explicit sexuality ranges from erotic (elegant female nudity, incredible actresses) to severely demented and even disgusting (close-ups of horse genitals while having intercourse ...); In either case, it is not likely to be forgotten. The whole cast "La Bête" is amazing, and everyone involved delivers excellent performances in eccentric characters (some of which are severely demented). The film deserves from an exceptionally beautiful cast, it is Lisbeth Hummel in the lead, the Finnish actress Sirpa Lane (who unfortunately died of Aids in 1999) as an ancestor of the dream sequences or the relatively unknown, but extremely hideous actress Pascale Rivault, who plays the aristocratic daughter who take the opportunity to have sex with a black waiter in a closet. <br /> <br /> I do not intentionally give a full description of the main parts of the plot, as they simply have to be seen to be believed. Some scenes are among the most bizarre ever captured on film, the scenes with the eponymous "beast" are certainly among them. Certainly not everyone's cup of tea, but highly recommended for fans of controversial and unusual cinema. A real cult gem!
