Polish film producer Walerian Borowczy's La Bête (French, 1975, aka The Beast) is among the most controversial and brave films ever made and also a very excellent one. This film tells everything that has generally been hidden and denied our nature and our sexual nature, especially with the symbolism and silence of its images. The pictures may look wild, perverted, "sick" or exciting, but they are all relative to the latter. Gender, desire and death are very strong and primary things and dominate all flesh that has a human soul within it. They interest us and tempt us so strongly (and by our nature) that they are considered scary, unacceptable and something too wild to be true. <br /> <br /> A sophisticated young woman travels with her mother to a French landscape to meet her soon-to-man husband, who has had a sort of letter business with her. Everyone is very exciting and each other's parents and relatives are waiting impatiently to see the new people coming to their families. The innocence of the young bride shines through, and no one knows what can happen and wakes up in the walls of the great and beautiful French mansion with all its people and animals and a mysterious "la bête" that turns out to be the signs or the Most of the film's audience could never have imagined being real and (in front of) them. <br /> <br /> The film is about the same theme as Canadian David Cronenberg's Shivers (1975) swap function, which takes place inside a large luxury building, where devastating and gory parasites spread from human to human through sexual contact and causing people to act furiously and violently in their desire for joy and fulfillment of instincts. Man has instincts that can be and are stronger than his will, and therefore these instincts can be as dangerous and powerful as any other animal's instinct, an animal, it is a desire for blood, revenge or sex, and carnal pleasure. People are only animals that have intelligence and tools to convey it, but because we are animals too, intelligence is not always used too much, as one can see everywhere around us. The film opens strongly and very shockingly to most hypocritical attitudes that show a horny male raging in rage, waiting to enter the mare and continue the race, but the angry and visible desire we see from his eyes and violent movements are key elements of the beginning and why it is there, not close-ups of organs that could be so easily claimed. The horse is an animal struggling in an almost unbearable heat, in heat that is much stronger than its will, as it no longer has control over it. The power of instinct makes an animal an animal. After the memorable beginnings, the characters are introduced, and the film has amazingly all the necessary age groups within it from the small innocent children waiting to grow up and grow into their flower, to the adults and elders who all represent their own part of longevity, which creates the human sensation of life on the screen. A movie does not necessarily need more characters this way, as all the important ones are already there and represent the entire race, including the cities and the country's inhabitants and both genders. The house house makes the protagonist's girl sexuality stop as she saw the horses interconnect and appear as she of course never thought of. For the first time, she sees something unique and something that spans and feels almost essential to her and her body, like getting water when you are very thirsty. The change of the girl is a very important element of the movie, as she has not lived ignorant of these things inside her, with her mother and camera and a letter girl, even though things have just been waiting for the moment to jump out. Meat wants meat and it belongs to being a human, but still these things are not so easily laid anywhere, and movies like these try to portray it being banned for decades? Human stupidity and unwillingness to interpret images must not be an argument for a movie being banned or otherwise violated. <br /> <br /> The last 30 minutes of the movie are as important as the beginning, and show once again how powerful the cinema is without unnecessary words and talk. When the girl and the audience realize what her body begins to feel and desire, she begins to dream of the mysterious animal that turns out to be other than the drawn form of ourselves, having lived in the woods without other people / animals near him. The dream sequence is the one that causes and caused most of the controversy along with the film's overall equal and honest attitude, and the images are so easy to be judged as "perverse" and "pornographic" without the courage to go deeper into them, character reactions and thoughts behind what we see. The pictures are exciting in their dream, and finally in the dream of the dream (more) human character, and Borowczyk forces us to admit it with the pictures so close to a "normal" sexual act between a man and a woman who is a beautiful thing and expression of love, another human need. Also, the many and wisely black humorous love of scenes inside the mansion, between the young mother and the black servant, are interrupted many times as someone screams for the waiter, and there is no doubt that the sensual image of two young people organs, who are together and are interrupted with an angry shout, at least no more comfortable at the break. Borowczyk has managed to paint his pictures so beautifully and "sensitively" that his message is almost impossible to be misunderstood, but nothing seems to be impossible for our cultures and minds that criticize art. He only uses dialogue when needed, otherwise the picture takes the job and makes the movie powerful. <br /> <br /> Death is also there when the flesh dies sooner or later after the year's life and instincts die. The ending is inevitable, but the meaning of the dream sequence could also have been so powerful without the kind of dramatic and "revealing" end too. Another faintly humorous element comes when we see the shocked city women running out of the place where they saw a little more than they were looking for! They visited the lord of truth about flesh, us, and them. The film reminds me of the French author Georges Bataille's Eye Story with the same themes on eroticism, death and how they are both always associated with the nature of our meat. The book is well-written and amazing as well as this movie, and of course both have been blamed for their "explicit" content and other equally remarkable shallow comments. Borowczyk's film is also very beautiful visually along with its raw honesty, and nature and the forest have rarely seen as bright and shiny as they do in this film. The sun shines through the trees and to all places where humans live, and the beauty is always there, but it is also the cruelty that comes from the world's inhabitants. To all innocent white sheep there is a selfish, evil and terrible animal in our world, and that is why the intelligence we have received never seems to overcome the power of our bad instincts and the other side of the sheep that is present within any human soul. It's about how many people need to keep the dark side passive and not active. The fulfillment of some of our instincts is not a bad thing, and by using this intelligence and seeing which instincts are good and how bad, they can be satisfied without exploitation, violence, and the lethal and destructive circle created by the. Man is no more than an animal with intelligence, intelligence that is so easy to be forgotten and eaten in the background of things that feel better and more satisfying in each and every sudden moment. Borowczyk's film is a masterpiece, unforgettable and wise piece of magical cinema with a timeless theme and also an example of how much can be achieved, expressed and given by a film producer who is also only a human being.
