OK ... this is a shame ... Frankly, I can't tell you all the inner plot points of THE BEAST, cuz I started losing interest when nothing happened during the first 45 or more minutes - But just wait, it's certainly "pick up" ... Plot involves something about a monster in the woods, some French aristocratic chicks turned back today. Finally, you see "THE BEAST", which looks like a guy dressed in a giant rat children's clothing with a horsepick attached to it. The scene takes place with the aristocratic woman running around the forest and looking for a lost sheep. The sheep end up killing and the woman gets scared. THE BEAST pops up, rapes chicken and shoots 400 gallons of spunk over her. Finally, the chicken begins to enjoy the animal's "attention", resulting in some beautiful new simulated sex scenes, including an unpleasant erotic foot masturbation scene, where the woman shakes off the animal with her feet while the monster shoots more stresses everywhere (yes I have a twisted foot -fetish - so sue me ....) ... The whole movie is told in flashbacks and lengthy dialogue scenes that used to be a bit boring. A "shocking" but predictable ending concludes with this extremely strange movie ... THE BEAST is a movie that I find difficult to assess. The kinematics themselves are quite eye-catching, and the sets, costumes and places are elaborate. The ground is a little horrified and seems to take it terribly seriously for what ends up being such an unintentional hilarious movie about a chicken boning a rat bear. A good bit of slut, ass and hairy 70 French bushes to help compensate for the boring first half of the movie. I must honestly say that if it wasn't for the graphic scenes from BEAST flaring over the willing girl, this movie would have been a real drill - that is, unless you like boring dialogue and some graphic horse sex (the beginning has one very close and personal scene of two horses boning, including a vibrant and spunk covered female horse vagina ... YUM !!!). But the BEAST sex scene is so strange and such a refreshing change from the rest of the film that I must say that these scenes alone make up for what would otherwise have been a real snoozer. I have to recommend this to anyone who thinks they've seen it all - BEAST rape is really out there and something to witness. Also recommended to all fans of the 70s / 80s sleaze movies - this is quite high with them. Worth looking for you sick rat carrier beastiality lovers out there (like me) ... 8/10
