If, like your movie, you like your movies to be unique and unlike most other movies, I totally recommend checking out The Beast. The film is a grotesque, erotic fantasy adventure centering on a mythological 'Beast' that is rumored to be wandering grounds for a French mansion and a desire for women. The film is very bold with the professional material, and it is something to give it credit for. Topicality theme is a specific taboo, and for good reason I can add but the film conveys it; right and to the point. Like other movies dealing with a taboo topic in their center, The Beast could have gone around and made us use our imagination to fill the gaps, but Borowczyk didn't, and he's brave in that respect, especially as a movie like this will let him open to any kind of criticism, but the fact that he continued with that means in my opinion a big thumb for the guy. <br /> <br /> The movie starts with a sequence that sees a striped male horse assembling a woman. This opens an exclamation mark on the movie and prepares the audience in some ways for the incredible, turn-of-the-power, eroticism they are seeing. The scenes that see the animal's companion with the woman are free and shocking and are bound to offend many people (hence the reason it was banned for over 20 years), but these scenes are not just an excuse for Borowczyk to shock the viewer . this movie has a defining point. As I said during the film; The only difference between man and animal is intelligence. Both man and animal have instincts, only man knows how to control them. The animal explores this difference between human and animal through sexuality; The fantasy sequence, where the animal looks, embodies the control of human desire, and it is only when the central female character goes out of her control that she can see the animal. The film has strong themes in the ancient story of 'beauty and animals' woven into it, and in general it is a shocking morbid tale of lust, but not without morality. Many criticize the scenes of the movie's shocking sex sequences to be boring, but these scenes are important for the film's history. Without these scenes, we would not learn to know the animal's signs or history, and most importantly; the story of 'beauty and the beast' would not be able to get the horrible conclusion that was addressed to the audience and since it is one of the main elements of the film; It would be a shame. In addition, Borowczyk keeps his audience entertained through these scenes, not with shock, but with dialogue and family upper class persona along with the beautiful shots on the homeowner's land would not be seen, and therefore the strong contrast between it and the Events later in the film would not exist either. <br /> Overall, The Beast is a shocking movie. It's a portrayal of a taboo topic, and the shocking way it is portrayed will ensure that this movie is not for everyone. But if you can get over the movie's shock and embrace The Beast; What is waiting for is a skillful and beautiful work of art that you should not miss by anyone willing to give this film a chance.
