The title is the sound that one of the characters does when he drives his imaginary cart over the trash where the characters live. The film is based on a series of stories by Shugoro Yamamoto and tells the story of a group of people who effectively live in ramshackle homes on the edge of the dump. It's a mix of laughter and sadness. <br /> <br /> The first color film made by Akria Kurasowa has been something I've wanted to see for a long time. It was odd that it was often listed as only available in an abbreviated version from a three or four hour original due to a maturity error in some sales materials. I endured the full version and waited to see what Kurasowa wanted us to see, only to find out Criterion's recent release that 140 minute version is the full version. <br /> <br /> Finally, watching the movie last night, I am of mixed feelings about the movie. First of all, it is visually linked to every movie that followed. You can see all other Kurasowal's remaining six films reflected in this movie, down to the painted sunsets. It's a striking film in its use of color, and you can understand why it took him so long for a movie store that he would be happy with (of course, there are also bug projects). The film is a visual work of art. (Even if you are warned you want to see this on your widescreen TV, this shot was 1.33 so it appears in normal TV conditions.) The rest of the movie is a mixed bag. Part of the problem is that the lives of all these people do not come together completely. As separate stories, they all work well, but as a cinematic whole they do not hang like one. I do not blame Kurasowa as one cannot always knock things out of the box, especially when some such as Robert Altman, who specializes in majority films of this kind, occasionally bombed. <br /> <br /> This is not to say that there is no reason to watch the movie. Like all Kurasowa movies, there are always reasons to watch their movies, whether they work or not. The first trip of the "wagon" is one of the best things Kurasowa has ever done and is worth the cost of a rental. Its one of the most magical moments in the film history that the cart is inspected and taken out. The father and son who live in the car touch (although ultimately very sad) and there are other pieces and pieces that shine (like the throw that is across the table large) and one should at least try the film as something other than a man We are usually associated with samurai movies or the criminal drama. It is an exciting misfire from a master filmmaker, which means in this case that it is better than the success of most other movie makers. <br /> <br /> Between 6 and 7 as a whole, much higher in pieces.
