Most people, when thinking of the expressionist cinema, look at the b & w German movies of the quiet and early sounds - films that highlighted canted angles, extreme contrasts of light and dark, exaggerated performance, and occasional use of surrealism to create a dreamlike atmosphere to depart from traditional, naturalistic forms of biographical representation. If we are willing to accept that the Germans were not the only filmmakers to create expressionist cinema (and that the above-mentioned properties are not prerequisites for expressionist films), I would argue that the Dodes'ka (DKD) is a primarily example of this type of film. <br /> <br /> As a dream, DKD is a bit unheard of for a Kurosawa movie that doubles as it does in the unreal. However, DKD is, in contrast to Dreams, a great movie and probably my favorite Kurosawa image. Why? For the most part, I think it's the colors. This was, I think, Kurosawa's first color film, and the man saturates the movie with vibrant primary colors and creates a completely unreal modern Japan. We are used to neon lights and shiny Tokyo skyscrapers; We are not used to a city that seems to have been colored with crayons. <br /> <br /> As mentioned, DKD is a peculiar movie, inasmuch as many of its characters live in a forest chamber that seems to live in an alternative universe. That is, I think, the point - these are the Tokyo outsiders, the people left under the great advances after World War II. The film also represents one of Kurosawa's more fervent films; there is true feeling here and true pathos (as when the boy's father describes their dream home). It's an incredibly moving movie from a man better known for amazing, John Ford-like outlook and samurai. Everyone should have known that Kurosawa had a movie in him that touched and thought as such (Ikiru foreshadows the emotional resonance of this movie in many ways). <br /> <br /> Finally, I would argue that this is Kurosawa's greatest achievement. His samurai film, but capable of pictures, pale to works by Kobayashi (Hara-kiri is the largest and most intelligent samurai film committed for celluloid). Rashomon, hidden fortress, Seven Samurai, Yojimbo, Sanjuro, Kagemusha and Ran are all fine movies, but they are just good (and honestly I think the word is too generous for Hidden Fortress and Kagemusha). DKD is a fantastic movie, as is Ikiru. They are the crown jewels showing Akira, not a one-trick samurai pony. They reveal his art and cinema championship.
