If there was anything that Akira Kurosawa did wrong by doing the Dodes'ka, it did so with the partnership he formed with the four knights (the three others are Kobayaski, Ichikawa and Konishita). They wanted a big hit to stop their partnership, and instead, Kurosawa, probably the group's chief cheese, provided an abstract humanistic art film with characters living in a decimated slum that had many of its signs that face dark tragedies. Had he made it more independent or went to another study that knows, but it was because of this among some other economic and creative miseries that also contributed to his suicide attempt in 1971. But at the end of the day, as an artist Kurosawa did not stop delivering what he is notorious for with his dramas: the strength of the human spirit as opposed to adversity. That the background is a little more unusual than most should not be ignored, but it is not at all a fault in Kurosawa. The material of the Dodes'ka it absorbs, but not in ways that you normally find from the director, and mostly because it is driven by character rather than plot. There are things that happen to these people, and Kurosawa's challenge is to blend them into a coherent whole. The character that starts in the picture, oddly enough (but fortunately, since there is not much room for him to grow), is Rokkuchan, a brain-injured human child who walks all day and makes train sounds ("clickety-clack" title), only sometimes stop to pray for his mother. But then we delineate ourselves: There is the father and the son, the latter who scrounges restaurants for food and the former, which continues with place-specific descriptions of his dream home; an elderly man looks to death for him, and we later learn that he is lost much more than he will tell most people, including a woman who has a past with him; a shy, silent woman who works in service with her adoptive father (or uncle, I am not sure) who raps her; and an insane guy in a suit that has a constant facial field and a great midwife - to those who are social around. There are also small markers of people around these characters, who two drunks who stumble around every night, like clockwork, make great demands on their spouses, sometimes (accidentally) switching them! And there is the kind of fault selling on the bike that has a cute but strange connection with the shy quiet woman. And of course there is a group of gossiping ladies sitting around a hole in the middle of the slum and having nothing too good to say about anyone unless it is about something erotic with a guy. First, with all this, note how Kurosawa puts the picture; It's a little after apocalyptic and doesn't look at any particular time or place (it's until a couple of shots we see modern cars and streets). It is a marginalized society, however, the concerns of these people are, to a tragic extent, believed to be deconstructed through dramatic force. Like Bergman, Kurosawa is unable to dissect people's broken feelings, especially with a scene, when the dead-fashioned man, who has hollow, sad eyes, sits scratching cloth in silence when a woman joins it. <br /> <br /> Sometimes there are charms, and even some laughs, to be with these people. I even enjoyed, perhaps ironically, the little moments with Rokkuchan (especially with Kurosawa's cameo as a painter on the street), or the awkward silence with the man with facial tics. But while Kurosawa allows his actors a space to improvise, his camera movements still remain as they have always been - patient, but awake, with wide compositions and claustrophobic shots, picturesque visions and faces sometimes with stylization of a silent drama referred to as a weeper. In the midst of these sometimes bizarre and touching stories, with some of them (ie, father and son in the car) especially sad, Kurosawa illuminates his film and designs the color scheme as his first in Eastmancolor, as it is one of his paintings. Lush, bubbly, wasted at times over the seam, but always with some control, this place is not necessarily "easier"; It is as if the abstract has come full-blown in the scene, where things look alive, but are much darker underneath. It's a brilliant, tricky double-edged sword that allows for the dream-like intonations with such a fierce drama. <br /> <br /> With a cute "movie" score, Toru Takemitsu (also responsible for Ran), and some outstanding performances from the actors and a couple of indelible scenes in a fantastic career, Dodes'ka is in his way a lesser work from the director, yet almost perfect on his own terms, which, as with many Kurosawa dramas such as Ikiru and Red Kids, holds hard truths on the human condition without much sentimentality.
