Lawrence Olivier and Merle Oberon made two films together within two years. One is considered one of the great romantic films of all time, and the movie that made Olivier a great movie star (and gave Oberon her best performance role): WUTHERING HEIGHTS. The second is this film made in England a year earlier. LADY X'S DIVORCE is a romantic comedy (since WUTHERING HEIGHTS is a romantic tragedy). Olivier is a lawyer, Everard Logan, a dynamic lawyer, but is also a total misogynist. One night he checks into a hotel right in front of a crowd of people. It is a very foggy night (the type of pea juice that London was known for until a notorious "killer" fog in the 1950s), and the crowd (who had been at a party at the hotel) needs beds. The management tries to get Logan to allow one or two socialite ladies to sleep on a couch and a day bed in their rooms, but he refuses. But he hasn't counted on Merle Oberon as Leslie Steele. The baby daughter of a Supreme Court judge, she manages to enter Logan's rooms and manipulates him to not only accept her sleeping there but uses her bed (he goes on the couch - much to his discomfort). <br /> <br /> The next day, they share a breakfast, and in small talk it is clear that despite his mistrust of women Logan finds Leslie very attractive. But she refused killingishly to tell him his name. She is determined to learn more about him, and she finds her attitude to women annoying. Meanwhile, Logan is referred to a wealthy nobleman (Ralph Richardson as Lord Mere) as a potential customer. More suspects his wife Lady More (Binnie Barnes) for having an affair. In fact, he tells Logan her Ladyship was with her lover in the hotel, Logan knows he was on the train. Logan (of course) jumps to the conclusion that Lady Mere was his mysterious roommate that night. I will not go further into the plot, except to say that Leslie finally realizes what a mistake Logan has made and decides to use it to teach him a lesson on women. <br /> <br /> The script has the feel of a Wodehouse novel but is slimmer. Nevertheless, the performances of Olivier, Oberon, Richardson, Barnes and Morton Selden (as Oberon's grandfather) are all amazing. It shows what a good molding can do with even the smallest materials. Look at some of the smaller scenes to see what I mean: The first scene of the seldom, complaining about his weak coffee to his butler / officer who tells him properly (they have been used to each other's personalities for years). Or Olivier deals with a young clerk at his office who is confident that there were two Lady Meres in the office two minutes before (there was, but Oberon and Barnes joined together) and end up believing that the poor clerk is and simpleeton. Or the waiter at the hotel who cannot understand why the tenant in Olivier's room is constantly changing from one man to a woman to a man. As I said, a little charming comedy - but it's very charming.
