A convicted servant time arrives to give the Cold Case unit information about the murder of a policeman committed years before. The murder of Sean Cooper, a good policeman, was never resolved. Of course, the detectives believe that the new evidence will help them put together all the pieces of the puzzle that frustrated their colleagues. In flashbacks, we have been baptized by James Bruno's baby. Sean and Jimmy were partners. There is excitement when Sean, who is the godfather, arrives disheveled and late for the rite. Eileen Bruno does not seem to be happy to be there. The real mystery is revealed by her. She caught Sean, drinking with Jimmy in the backyard, kissing her husband and even more shockingly, Jimmy reacting intentionally. In a way, the parties become the center of gossip. Sean did not commit to his superior because he discovered the involvement of a criminal in his area who controlled the drug business. Sean realizes that this man is in with the strong man of the drug because he always makes an excuse to release the scum bags Sean and Jimmy to the station all the time. The print is too much on Jimmy. Sean is comfortable in his homosexuality and wants to be honest about it. Cooper's own father won't have anything to do with a sweet son. Even his superior McCree wants him outside his jurisdiction, but the case is complicated because Cooper comes from a large number of Irish men serving in the police force. Sean is killed because of his homosexual state and of knowing too much about his comrades' commitment to dirty money. <br /> <br /> Tom Petit wrote this honest account of the life of a police officer in the closet and his secret love with another colleague. We thought it was an honest account of a serious matter that no one was talking about these days. Sometimes, the people involved in the show dare to fear reprisals from sponsors or networks, not to present these real-life situations. Jeannot Szwarc, shows a sensitive approach to this thorny problem, which is treated without sensationalism, the case could have been shown with another team. <br /> <br /> There is a rare Chad Everett look like the older Jimmy Bruno. His roof is right on the target with a touch of sentimentality that doesn't go out of hand. Shane Johnson makes an excellent contribution to the show as Sean Cooper. The game is wonderful and it includes well-known performances from everyone under the direction of Mr Szwarc. <br /> <br /> In this episode, Nick Vera gets closer to his neighbor, the basketball player's mother, who the detective took his ball away. Nick is on her way to romance with the woman!
