Galaxy Express 999 (Ginga tetsudô Three-Nine). Made in 1979. Directed by Rintaro. Based on the original work by Leiji Matsumoto. <br /> <br /> How little I know about GALAXY EXPRESS 999's story, it was first published as a popular manga in the 1970s and was created by Leiji Matsumoto. GE999 is set in the same Space Wars universe's Star Wars type as Matsumoto's second famous space rock: CAPTAIN HARLOCK. In fact, space pirate Harlock and other characters from the manga (including Queen Emeraldas and Tochirô Oyama) make appearances in GE999. GE999 was a success as a manga and was soon followed by popular anime series that included over 100 episodes. It was broadcast in 1978. One year later, this animated film, which is not a successor to the series, came up with the main points of the story of two hours of film. <br /> <br /> The story is set in unidentified Star Wars future, where travel to different planets has become an opportunity. The people of the future can have themselves mechanical bodies where they can live for hundreds of years, perhaps even forever. The main character, Tetsurô Hoshino, is a young boy who testifies how a cruel Count Mecha, whose entire body is made of mechanical parts, kills Tetsurô's mother. Tetsurô swears revenge and is convinced that he can only achieve it by having a mechanical body. To accomplish this, he has to travel to a remote planet with space train Galaxy Express 999. But since Tetsurô comes from poverty, he has no money to get the expensive ticket. By chance, he meets a beautiful young woman, Maetel, who is similar to her dead mother. Maetel offers a ticket to Tetsurô on condition that she accompanies him on his journey. And then the journey begins ?? <br /> <br /> I first saw this movie last October, about six months from now and again yesterday. I feel that I must first tell you what was bothering me most in this movie: it seems very hasty. So again, what can you expect from 2 hours of movies trying to tell the highlights of over 100 episodes of episodes? Whatever happens, situations change at a fast pace, and Tetsurô meets other important characters in history, mostly by pure chance. I feel that decision makers should either leave something or include extra 30 minutes. <br /> <br /> However, there is no reason why GE999 has earned its place as an anime classic. The animation itself, very true to the style of Matsumoto's manga, is detailed and beautiful to see. Even after nearly 30 years of release, the animation has not become "obsolete", but puts many later anime movies in shame. The music through the film is fun to listen even though it is something "old" this day (it was the whole 70's). I have not heard any English dubbed of this movie, so I can only comment on the Japanese sound which is good. Voice actors give life to their characters, the most memorable being Masako Nozawa (primarily known as Goku's voice throughout the Dragon Ball saga) as the tense and young Tetsurô and Masako Ikeda as the calm and mysterious Maetel. The supporting characters are not left in shadows but also have their own life, most memorable for me to be waitress Claire. <br /> <br /> The story itself is suitable for those looking for some hours of entertainment, as well as for those who are trying to find deeper messages. GE999 is an entertaining adventure movie, but can also be seen as Tetsurô's journey from boyhood to crew. The whole movie is told from his point of view so we are forced to feel what he feels. I think many people can relate to Tetsurô, because despite the fantasy elements he is a very realistic character: young, hot headed, awkward and naive. We follow him as he begins to see the differences between humans and machines and concludes whether or not he wants the mechanical body. Maetel, on the other hand, is a mystery in the movie and finally when she reveals who and what she really is, it doesn't matter much to anything. Maetel can be seen as a dream of a growing young man, always close but just out of reach. <br /> <br /> It's the weird but beautiful relationship between Tetsurô and Maetel, still awakening to talking and asking questions and fascinating after the decades. People have argued whether their relationship is for two friends, mother and son, or two possible lovers (which raises great criticism when Maetel's age is unknown, and Tetsurô has not even reached her puberty yet). Without any means to sound deeply, I think the best expression to describe them is "soulmates". There is no doubt that the two feel devotion, care and love for each other, but it goes beyond that of friendship, family, and lovers. I think if their relationship would be filled in any of these categories, it would take something out of the whole movie and of the characters. Finally, the scene, even though you already know what will happen, is still very touching and memorable. All in all, despite the rushing of the plot and some corny scenes, the GALAXY EXPRESS 999 has its place as an anime classic among the films such as Katsuhiro Otomos AKIRA (1988) and Mamoru Oshiis GHOST IN THE SHELL (1995). The film was directed by Rintaro, who had previous experience with Leiji Matsumoto's works when he had worked in the CAPTAIN HARLOCK series. Later Rinatro directed a wonderful-looking METROPOLIS (2001), which also questions the difference between humans and machines. <br /> <br /> GALAXY EXPRESS 999 (1979) is a classic that should be seen at least once by every anime fan.
