I ran over this several years ago while the channel is surfing on a Sunday afternoon. Although it was obviously a cheesy television movie from the 70's, the direction and point were well enough that it grabbed my attention and I was actually hooked and had to look it through to the end. I recently got the opportunity to buy a foreign DVD in this movie (unheard of, it didn't mean that a domestic was finally released a few months before) and was very happy to see it again (and in full) . <br /> <br /> I don't quite understand the phenomenon, but somehow the 70s seem to have a lock on horror movies that are actually scary. In the decades before the 70s, some beautifully recorded movies and most of our lasting horror produced icons, but are they actually scary? No, not much. Similarly, in the years since the 70s, we have got horror movies that are cooler, more exciting, have much better production values ​​and sophisticated special effects, are more fun, more fun, have effective "jump" moments and some very creative uses of gore, But again ... they are not really scary! There is only something about the atmosphere of the 70's horror movie. The granular film quality. The eerie dark scenes unilluminated by large high-tech lighting rigs. "The edge of the dream land" dampened the quality of the dialogue and the odd and stubborn EQ'd scores. The odd sense of unrest and ugliness permeates everything. Everything that works to undermine most movies from the 70s in the event of horror seems to benefit it. <br /> <br /> Especially in this movie, the quiet, intense shootings of the devil staring people down are quite discouraging. So much more efficient than if they had gone the more obvious route to get the dog to grow, slavery and overtly hostile ("Cujo"?). The filmmakers save it wisely when the dog appears in its perfect supernatural form. The effects, when it happens while they are incessant in today's standards, literally gave me chills. The bizarre, vaguely defined, "I'm not quite sure what I'm looking at" looks intuitively at me as more like how a true supernatural vision would be, rather than the hyper-genuine crystal clear optical printer / digital composer of ridiculous horror movies. While the human figures in this movie are not as satisfactorily reproduced as their nemesis or the world they inhabit, everyone is doing a decent job. Pairing brother and sister from the "Witch Mountain" movies as, yes, brother and sister, is a pretty cheesy stunt casting, but they're doing fine. Yvette Mimieux always manages to be entertaining if it is not possible. Richard Crenna is gaining more and more empathy from the audience when the film progresses. His doubts that his family alien is really due to a supernatural plot, or if he just succumbs to paranoid schizophrenia, are pretty well handled, though his thoughts on getting a routine physical can explain what he has experienced , is absurd in its naivete. The movie's ending of The End-Question-Mark type is one of the only ones I have seen that doesn't feel like a cheap gimmick, and has actually made me think about choices these characters would face next and what They would be inclined to do and how they would feel about it. <br /> <br /> Attractors of this movie can say that only a feature-length vehicle for some neato glowing retina shoots, but hey, you could say the same about "Blade Runner". :-)
