This 1953 Sam Fuller movie features some of his best works, and it is boring that he couldn't continue to get the support of big Hollywood studios to do his thing. The story line goes something like this. A hard, hard (read prostitute) runs on the subway on a hot summer day, and gets her wallet picked by Skip McCoy. What Skip (and lady) is not aware of is that she also carries some microfilm to be transmitted to future spies. This opening shot without dialogue, and mostly in close-ups is a beaut, one of the many Fuller uses the entire movie. Playing the baby known as Candy is Jean Peters, who was never better or better looking. You forget how beautiful she was and she handles this role very well. The pickpocket is played by Richard Widmark, who has already made his mark and set his style with the death of 1947 as the crazy creep of the creepy grin and even though he is a little "softer" here, he is still scary. These hard edged figures have soft spots here and there, but it is noir and nasty all the way. The standout performance belongs to the wonderful Thelma Ritter who plays the Moe chair that saves her dough to pay for her own funeral. Ritter received a well-deserved Oscar nomination for her performance, but lost to the dull but popular performance of Donna Reed as the B-girl (read the prostitute) in "From Here To Eternity." Hollywood loves it when a good girl goes bad and loves to Oscar them, even though their performance is usually horrible. See e.g. Shirley Jones in "Elmer Gantry", located among New York City ports and dives with sharp black and white photography by the great Joe MacDonald and some very good artistic directions. Especially good is the set that represents the New York City subways and Widmark's shack near the river. At the height of the cold war and the red scare it is willing of the piece the ordinary look played by Richard Kiley, who is far more dangerous than the pocket box that is a criminal, but is just trying to live and above all is a loyal American.
