Samuel Fuller brings his usual, playful and stylish direction to this cunning, pulpy story and manages to create one of the undiscovered gemstones of the 1950's cinema. Richard Widmark plays a little guy thief guy (a role he perfected over many movies) that snatches a teen's (Jean Peters) wallet on a New York metro and with that a piece of much desired microfilm. This is 1953, so of course the microfilm property of the Commies spies will stop at nothing to get it back. When the girl discovers at Widmark's harbor front cabin, sent by a violent girlfriend to reclaim the movie, Widmark discovers the possibility of shaking her and her "comrades" for big money. The ground deepens, people start dying, and Widmark and Peters fall in love. Fuller handles the love story clumsy, but more from a sense of indifference than bad writing or direction. It's as if he included a love story under coercion, and it did intentionally unbelievably, as love stories were so often and still in Hollywood movies. Peters gives a remarkable achievement as a tough New Yawk cookie, some gangster minor and some ladies in need. When violence arises against her, we are really interested in her well-being, and it is typical of Fuller's recalled contemporary style that a happy ending is not necessarily a prior conclusion. <br /> <br /> But the ultimate success of "Pickup on South Street" rests entirely on Thelma Ritter's world-famous shoulders, playing Moe, a feisty lady who makes money in every way she can, whether he sells ties or acts as police members. Ritter provides the performance of his career; In a breathtaking monologue she communicates without any direct addressing to the whole sad path of her character's life and hopelessness she feels waking up every morning to a world of struggle, crime and adversity. It's as if every character Ritter ever played converges for a brief moment to vent to all the emotions they didn't have the opportunity to vent in the other movies. The scene is the highlight of Fuller's film and a highlight of the 50s cinema, period. <br /> <br /> Degree: A +
