This movie is a spicy little piece of film production by Sam Fuller, which gives Richard Widmark the chance to show some of his best, most brave actions in the role of Skip McCoy, a small-time thief who stumbles onto a military secret while picking beautiful Candy's (Jean Peters) pocket on a crowded bus. It turns out that Candy did a favor for her (ex?) Boyfriend who works for "commies". <br /> <br /> Superficially there is a mystery here about Candy's motives and Skip uses a large part of the movie to determine her motifs. In fact, he seems to start assuming she is a "commie" that goes as far as pouring beer into her face in a creepy gesture. But the real question is ?? What happens to Ships? What are his motives, and why does Candy love him so much? Why do we (the audience) like him so much? Basically what the filmmakers have done here is to create a very striking "male fatal" in Widmark's character and his performance. Like the male audience tends to consider the length of a movie such as "The Big Sleep" or "The Glass Key" with the protagonists, whether the female character is credible or just a beautiful face, the filmmakers here have created a similar problem for female viewers. Widmark is beautiful and there is also a charm in his boyish imperfection ?? But the first two times he meets our leading lady, he robs her and beats her face. Finally, the question becomes? would skip zinc as low as selling his land for a buck (his remarks to the police as "you are waving a flag by me?" suspects us that he would) or is he simply out of revenge for the murder of his friend Moe (Thelma Ritter)? I'm not sure the movie gives us a decisive answer either. <br /> <br /> Thelma Ritter's character work deserves special mention ?? She has created a truly indelible character here. Fuller is not afraid to give her lots of "business" ?? in the form of physical objects that she uses to draw the audience in her world, especially her used tapes. Another example of Fuller's "business" would be the scene with Victor Perry (an actor I've seen elsewhere used for lesser effect) using chopsticks to scare Candy. <br /> <br /> The emphasis on Moe's relationship with Skip gives one of the cinema's most obvious "glory among twenty" themes. In fact, Skip has the same kind of lightness and the same kind of casual relationship with the police, with the remarkable exception from Capt. Tiger (Murvyn Vye) who is reluctant to him. I loved the scene where he invited the police by name and offered them a beer when they came to pick him up at his cabin. These are the kinds of details that make this movie a reality? whether it really is "realistic" or whether it would have completely separate issues. All told, I would say that this is a major crime film showing many of the best and most durable attributes of the "film noir" school in film making. A predictable plot is cut off by a number of colorful characters (uniformly well done), cheap sets are disguised by the film's unrelenting pace, and the final product feels much larger than it is likely to be. This is the best movie I've seen so far by Sam Fuller and helps me look better why he is considered a master leader? here he has accomplished some things that I think he tried, but ultimately failed to do in other films such as "The Crimson Kimono" and "Shock Corridor" as far as very emphatic acting styles and really gripping excitement . This is one of my favorite shows from Widmark that I have seen so far ?? and Widmark was a talent I am tempted to say (based on the few extraordinary films I have seen with him) that could be compared to Alan Ladd or Humphrey Bogart, although he probably did not do so many classic films.
