'Shock Corridor (1963)' was my first film by Samuel Fuller, and I was impressed by the director's exciting mix of B-movies and big-budget aesthetics, even though history itself was pure schlock. 'Pickup on South Street (1953)' was released a decade earlier in Fuller's career, of course, produced on a larger budget from a major name study, Twentieth Century-Fox. However, the images are still remarkable because there is a somewhat raw, naturalistic element in the photograph, not unlike Dassin's 'Night and City (1950)' and Kazan 'Panic in the Streets (1950)' (the latter was also shot by cinematographer Joe McDonald's. In some scenes, Fuller shoots the camera so close to his actor's faces that they are not in focus, and records the intimate thoughts, feelings, and short bends communicated through the most revealing facial features, the eye. melodrama, and with a hint of anti-communist propaganda, 'Pickup on South Street' is a strong film noir that succeeds most successfully in its postponement of the New York City underground. <br /> <br /> When McCoy (Richard Widmark), just outside the prison, snatches a woman's jacket on the subway (Jean Peters), he pockets more than he originally negotiated for. The woman, Candy and her swept ex-boyfriend Joey (Richard Kiley) had smuggled top secret information to the Communists, and McKoy has unexpectedly picked up an important piece of microfilm. Will he turn MacGuffin to the right authorities or sell it to the highest bidder? If 'Pickup on South Street' is wrong, history seems to be designed solely to reinforce an anti-communist agenda that pushes propaganda as nothing since World War II. [Dwight Taylor, who delivered the story, also wrote especially The Thin Man Goes Home (1944), the only propagandist film in the series}. Without obvious reason, every identifiable character ?? even the smugly self-catering Skip McCoy ?? Finally, a self-sacrificing patriot, the transformation is predictable from the start. In the traditional film noir, the unapologic criminal always gets his comedy, the rational punishment for his sins, but apparently not when they have served their country; patriotism dries slate clean. <br /> <br /> Richard Widmark, an actor I really like to play, plays the tall bag of peace but always with the hint of discomfort that suggests he is biting more than he can chew . The opening scene on the train is the movie's finest, as McCoy breathes and quietly fishes around in his quote's handbag, reminiscent of Bresson's Pickpocket (1959). Thelma Ritter is great as a tired street woman who will inform someone who is willing to pay for it (of course she pulls the line at Commies). Jean Peters is well-cast as the trashy lady who sends information to the other side, plays the role almost completely devoid of glamor; Fuller allegedly threw the actress on the observation that she had a prostitute weak hanger. Nonetheless, Peter likes to have a noble love affair with Widmark, which really brings down the film's attempt at realism. Fascinating at the release "Pickup on South Street" was immediately condemned as communist propaganda by the FBI, and the Communist Party condemned it to be the exact opposite. Go figure.
