This Cecil B. DeMille epic from the old vest contains what may be Jean Arthur's finest achievements, such as a hysterical, eccentric, incurable amorphous, but dedicated doting Calamity Jane. She really pulled it! Gary Cooper is in his most stylish but manages some occasional pithy words: "The plains are large, but paths cross ... sometimes." The story is a pastiche to finish all pastas. All the Western lore cowboy heroes seem to be in there somehow except for Jesse James. Even Abraham Lincoln opens the story personally (or at least DeMille would make us believe it). There is no room for something as evanescent as subtlety, this is a 'stomp'em in the face's narrative for the masses. One notable thing about this film, however, is that it is a very early full frontal attack on what Eisenhower eventually called the military industrial complex. It's not just a story about the pistol runners, but about waking everyone up for money and doing it from the heart of Washington. But let's not get into politics, let's leave it to DeMille, which can be guaranteed to be superficial. The main film of this film all these years later is that it uses the first movie score composed by George Antheil, who has much to say about the job in his autobiography, 'Bad Boy of Music'. Antheil seems to have come from "the great sound" adopted by all subsequent Westerners, whereby the plains sing out with voices and sounds of countless cowboys in the sky, celebrating the open spaces and blending ordinary melodies. That's why it doesn't sound unusual, because we've heard it a thousand times. But he seems to have been the first to assemble all of the saw brush's combined rustlings in this open-air symphony that has entered American mythical lore and given it a soundtrack that has never been varied since May, but no doubt appropriate . It's fun to see Anthony Quinn in an early look like a cheyenne Indian. Gabby Hayes is in there somewhere, but you miss him in the crowd. Gary Cooper takes over all of them, threateningly big - but when did he ever vague?
