Sam Fuller's outstanding PLAY ON SOUTH STREET is the choice of the pile from a number of early 50's Cold War-influenced low-budget noir vehicles. With a running length of less than 80 minutes, PICK UP ON SOUTH STREET is hard, greedy, explosive and endlessly entertaining. <br /> <br /> Widmark stars like the pickpocket Skip McCoy, already recorded three times. Still, McCoy can't keep his wandering fingers out of trouble - and that's exactly what he slides into when he embarks on the gangster's tiny Candy (Jean Peters). Candy's wallet contains a roll of microfilm priceless for the communist movement, and it's her last job for former boyfriend Richard Kiley to make delivery. But when Widmark promises it, Peter must do all that is required to claim the movie she (originally) knows nothing about. <br /> <br /> It is a tasty setup with Widmark's character, while not psycho of KISS OF DEATH, a real live wire, unpredictable and hard, yet curiously charming. When Bogart or Mitchum entered a film noir role, you knew what you were going to get: A lonely anti-hero maintains its moral integrity and wins at the end (Bogart), or an overly laconic guy who allows himself in a trap (Mitchum). With Widmark you just don't know what you want and with its incredibly modern acting style (his movie always keeps well) he's great to see. Here he is torn between making a big score for himself by selling the movie, or handing it over to the police and fighting the "Commies" on the right side of the law. And he still has to suffer that he never got hold of Peters to avoid the fatal fourth rap on his sheet. Peters gets his best role as the minor-with-a-heart-of-gold Candy. Widmark's unpredictability may be best expressed in his scenes with Peters; the beautiful tramp quickly (and quite unbelievably - the romance angle is pretty hasty) falls under Widmark's spell, but Widmark switches between kissing her or relaxing her around. Peter's hard-hit beauty, but lack of over-painted Hollywood glamor (Lana Turner would never have worked well in this role), is a great asset to the movie. Candy is not innocent, but she is very vulnerable and is constantly being transferred and beaten by men. Widmark beats her cold at the first meeting and wakes her by pouring beer over her face, but by the final act he is much more greeted to her (after she bitches a hell of a transition from Kiley). The scene in the hospital with Peters and Widmark should not work, but it does. <br /> <br /> Thelma Ritter is brilliant as stoolie Moe, deserving of his Oscar nomination. Ritter's performance, like anything else in the movie, is gritty, real and heartbreakingly honest. Her death scene is amazing. Fuller's camera movements and location settings are particularly interesting. Fuller loved a good close-up and PICK UP ON SOUTH STREET is full of unpleasant, clumsy, tight shots that only enhance the thrill of the plot. Fuller is not afraid to let the camera borrow on a shot for longer than the standard Old-Hollywood really allowed, yet attractive pulls away from Ritter's death scene to give the audience maximum impact. The urban locations and unusual confrontational camera angles provide PICK UP ON SOUTH STREET, a bold and uncompromising modern look. <br /> <br /> 10/10.
