Samuel Fuller is hardly one of America's great directors. I'm not sure he qualifies as one of Hollywood's great craftsmen. But he certainly stands up there with the best of Hollywood's true professionals who were willing to march to their own music. In the time he worked for Hollywood studios, he knew how to take a task, shape the intermediate material that was handed over to him, and then transform it quickly and effectively into something that is usually better than his parts ... on time and in the budget. Pickup on South Street is a case in point. On the surface, it is one of Hollywood's early 50's anti-Commie movies, complete with appeals for patriotism, a hard-boiled hero and a slim (and very sweaty) bad guy. Fuller makes this bag of Hollywood clichés an exciting, exciting drama with any number of off-kilter twists. The hero, Skip McCoy, is a three-hour loser, a petty villain with soft fingers who doesn't change his stripes to the very end. The girl in the captain, Candy, has a level of virtue that would be easy to go over if you are so inclined. One of the most appealing characters, Moe Williams, is a stoolie. And in an unusual approach to Hollywood's fight against Commies, the appeals to patriotism fall on deaf ears; The hero is not motivated by anything that changes. He just wants repayment for personal reasons and ends up being ... at least for now ... a good guy. <br /> <br /> In addition, all the actors were mostly assigned Fuller by the studio. He had to do do. Richard Widmark had now established his presence as an actor and star, but Jean Peters is a surprise. She gives a fine portrait of a woman sexy and stupid, and not better than her boys ... or her clients ... want her to be. And Richard Kiley, who would later become a two-hour Tony award-winning star on Broadway, is convincingly smooth and mistaken. It's hard to remember that he was the actor who caused us, I believe we introduced "The Impossible Dream" from Man of La Mancha, <br /> <br /> More than anything else, this story about a pickpocket Choosing a purse in a metro car and finding itself in microfilmed secrets rather than cash, pursued by Feds and Commies, is moving straight ahead with great economy. The whole company, with a classic noir look, only takes 80 minutes to tell. The dialogue, with Fuller as the scriptwriter, has the party corny, partly sharp hard-boiled pulp fiction style. "The muffin you're doing ... she's okay," says a sign to skip Candy. Fuller moves us quickly enough from stage to stage to keep up with what's coming next. Then Fuller throws in the character of Moe Williams. Suddenly, the story raises to a whole new level of interest, some comedy help and some sad inevitability. <br /> <br /> What I like best about the movie is how the opening exemplifies Fuller's talents and strengths. For 2 minutes and 15 seconds, starting just after the credits, Fuller can instantly turn the movie up, to establish for us what the story is about, and to show us what kind of characters - Skip and Candy - we'll be involved in And he does so with so much enticing curiosity in the warm, packed metropolis that we can only feel, Fuller sets the hook to catch us. <br /> <br /> says Glenn Erickson, in my opinion one of the best film critics, "in what is to be a conflicting story, co-defines his distinctive perception of Americanism from scratch: stiff, aggressive self-interest that, when fully expressed, recognizes what is wrong and what is right and is not afraid to fight for it, as always in his work, the people who fight hardest for their country are the least likely to take advantage of the effort. "He is right and that makes a movie still alive after 55 years.
