"Pickup On South Street" is a drama of high-speed trains on a small criminal who suddenly finds himself involved in the activities of a group of communists. The action is presented in a very direct and dynamic style, and the moment is kept by some brilliant edits. The use of a wide variety of camera angles and efficient close-ups also contributes to the overall impression of constant motion and vitality. Samuel Fuller's governance and filmography by Joseph MacDonald is excellent and there are many scenes that, through their composition and lighting, provide a strong sense of atmosphere and atmosphere. Ace Pickpocket and Repeating Officer Skip McCoy (Richard Widmark) comes in deep water when stealing a wallet from a young woman named Candy (Jean Peters) on the New York subway. She was used by her ex-boyfriend Joey (Richard Kiley) to deliver to one of his contacts in a communist organization and unknown to her, she wears American secret secrets recorded on microfilm. Two FBI agents had followed Candy and experienced theft. One of the agents continues to haul her back to Joey's apartment, and the other, Zara (Willis Bouchey), visits police captain Dan Tiger (Murvyn Vye). Zara explains that the FBI has been following Candy for some months as part of their practice of the communist group leader. <br /> <br /> In order to identify the pickpocket, Tiger speaks in a "stoolie" called Moe Thelma Ritter), which, after receiving a precise description of the "gun" working method, lists eight possible suspects. When Tiger sees Skip's name on the list, he is immediately convinced that he is the man to track, and he sends two detectives to arrest him. When Ship is brought into Tiger's office, Zara tells him about the microfilm, and Tiger offers to drop charges if he wants to cooperate with the investigation. Ships are flippant and arrogant. He doesn't trust Tiger clearly and denies all the theft knowledge on the subway. <br /> <br /> Joey orders Candy to find out who stole the microfilm and then download it. Candy pays Moe for Ship's address, and when Skip returns from being tipped by Tiger, he finds Candy looking in his home and knocking her unconscious before she steals her money. When she returns, Skip requires $ 25,000 for the microfilm. She tells Joey about Ship's demand, and Joey's boss gives him a gun and orders him to restore the microfilm the following evening. Ships and Candy are attracted to each other, and it is because of their troubled, evolving relationship that a means develops into which they are able to shake the police's attention. It soon becomes clear that solving cases with the Communist gang will only be achieved through more direct action. <br /> <br /> The portrayals of Skip, Candy and Moe as signs in a seedy world where they are forced to face big risks daily are powerful and compelling. <br /> <br /> Moe's work as a police officer relies on her knowledge of the population in her community, but also these people know what she is doing, and some of them can at any time seek revenge. She seems to be clever and streetwise, but also has her vulnerable side as she describes herself as "an old clock running down" and saving money to be able to get a decent funeral at an exclusive cemetery on Long Island. Her belief that "every buck has its own meaning" leads her to sell any information whatever danger, friendship or principle, and yet there is an opportunity where she refuses and it turns out to be fatal. Thelma Ritter's performance certainly deserves the Oscar nomination she has earned for her role. <br /> <br /> Ship is a violent criminal with no concern for its victims and has already been convicted three times before, living under the constant threat of being imprisoned for life if sentenced again. Despite this, he continues to pursue his criminal activities and is strangely only philosophical when Moe betrays his whereabouts, and he even assures Moe of receiving the funeral she has appreciated so much. Candy is an ex-hooker and a person whose activities are constantly endangering her, but behind her hardening exterior a warmer side is gradually becoming more apparent. Widmark and Peters are both perfect for their roles, and like Ritter depicts the various facets of their personalities with great style and belief.
