In this excellent Twentieth Century Fox movie noir, the metropolis is a desperate maze, where scientists and predators survive by living together. Embarrassed cityscape lies above the poor humanity in gloomy expressionist symbolism. <br /> <br /> A prostitute has his purse snapped on the subway. It contains a microfilm, and a communist spy ring will go in some lengths to restore it. Two parallel studies unfold as both spies and the police are chasing the precious information. <br /> <br /> Anti-hero pickpocket Skip McCoy is played with disgusting insurance by Richard Widmark. He knows the police to be his morally equal and intellectual inferiors, so he cheats them: "Continue," he says to Captain Dan Tiger (Murvyn Vye), "drum a charge. Throw me in. You've done it before." In this relentless world, the police are just one more street. Like the Candy hooker, Lightning Louie bribes to get a lead, so the police are busy paying stools for information. It is hard to believe that when Widmark made this movie, he was already in the early Middle Ages. The 39-year-old star coming to the end of his contract with Fox plays upstart Skip McCoy with the annoying brashness of a teenager. Today, it may not be acceptable for the romantic leadership to turn its love into interest in unconsciousness, then revive her by the beating beer in her face, but by the time of the season it meant toughness - and Candy is a fallen woman. br /> Jean Peters is brilliant as Candy. Here right in the middle of her five-year outbreak of B-movie fame, she is beautiful and engaging as the hearth of the golden heart. She is the victim of history, a martyr to her beauty as much as anything else. She does well, but is constantly being manipulated by cynical men - Joey, Skip and the police. <br /> <br /> The real star of this movie is New York. Haunting urban panoramas and carving metro stations offers a claustrophobic statement of the city as a living, vicious force. Like maggots in a rotting cheese, human figures frighten through the city roads. Lifts, subways, sidewalks - even a stupid waiter serves as the wiring for the flow of corrupt humanity. People cling to any niche that provides security: Moe has her ugly rented room. Skip his hut on the Hudson River. As the characters move and interact, they are framed by bridge architecture or lattice gratings or are divided by hanging winch grips. The city's personality is constantly imposing itself. The angles and crossbeams of the angles are an echo of the gridiron street plan, and the map index cabinet in the board house mimics the Manhattan skyline. When Joey's exit from the subway is blocked, it is as if the city's bars are lowering him. <br /> <br /> A surprising part of this movie is shot in extreme close-up. Character drives the plot as it should, and the close-ups are used to magnify the character. When Skip examines Candy, the close-ups capture the sexual energy between them and invoke the words of the enemy Hope. Jean Peter's beauty is painted in light, in exquisite soft focus close-ups. The device is also used to increase the voltage. The opening order, the purse fragment, contains no dialogue: Drama is entirely dependent on close-up for its effective effect. Snoopers, and snoopers on snoopers, fill the movie. Moe (Thelma Ritter) lives as an informant, and her place in the hierarchy is accepted, even by her victims. When Skip observes, "she must eat," he chanting a recurring renunciation. Like "straight" New Yorkers, lamb chops or timber peddle the Underworld traffickers in the information. <br /> <br /> And although the stools are superior to Joey and his communist friends. Joey's feet on Moe's bed symbolize a violation of the most basic moral code. Joey is beyond the pale. Moe will not trade with Joey, even to preserve his life: "... even in our curvy business, you must pull the line somewhere." <br /> <br /> "Pick-Up" was made in depth by the Cold War. Richard Nixon had just been elected as the Republican Vice Presidential candidate, having made his name with his false Algerian hoax exposed false communist microfilm and all. The McCarthy show trials were a daily reality. We see the police in the film inveigh against "the traitors who gave the Stalin A bomb". <br /> <br /> New York can be seen as a giant container where human by-products scam, squeals and murders. Containers form a leitmotif through the film. Moe carries her trademark box of ribbon, and the bag of the candy, the microfilm container, is the engine of the plot. Ship holds its only possessions in a submerged box that symbolizes his secret street wisdom. Paupers' coffins, moving down the Hudson on a barge, are containers with only one extra load that is shifted around in the relentless metropolis. <br /> <br /> The film is a masterpiece of composition. Candy is shown over the shed Skip the crooked gangway of the shack, which denotes her moral ascent. When the gun is placed on the table, the extreme perspective it looks larger than Candy - violence has begun to dwarf compassion. The loved ones are obscured by the shadow of a stevedore chin and reminds us that their love is neither pure nor absolute, but dependent on the whims of the evil city. The Enyard Communist is a shadow on a wall or a disembodied blow of cigarette smoke. He is like the lone cuddly cat among the garbage bin - a prey of the night. Camera recordings from under taxi camps, inside newspaper kiosks and through pillars in hospital beds constantly reinforce our awareness that we are all trapped in the metropolis. We are the mulch of civilization.
