Pickup On South Street is one of the most amazing movies ever made. An example of the steering: When Candy (Jean Peters) begins to walk through her bag and notes that her wallet is missing, an alarm goes off in the background of the building she is in - as if it is an alarm going on her head. It's not cartoon-like - it's subtly woven into the background in a way that hits you at a subconscious level until you've seen the movie a couple of times and it just clicks there is an alarm clock going away when she beginning to turn Richard Widmark is at the top of his game as a smart alec - he is really good - but the highlight of the movie was the first scene for "Moe". street peddler / inform, played by Thelma Ritter. Later in her apartment you do not see a movie - you see a real person. I never saw any "action" so right, I felt like I was looking at a real room for Ritter's performance - right down to how her hair stuck a little while removing the hat. <br /> <br /> About a million other things have just * worked * from the way Lightning Louie picks up money with his chopsticks to the way Candy's jewelry clicks when she slips Moe's hand away from her brooch, to the way Moe get dollars and shifts from the police captain across the FBI guy's coffin - and even the captain's opening of the filing cabinet, as if he's done it that way in that room for many years. "Pickup On South Street" are detailed movements (directing) with complete performances (acting) and excellent nuostostic pictures of the day, such as the panel car, the boards leading to shack out on the water, the dumbwaiter - and the unforgettable place Skip stashes his lommepukker. Wonderful things. "Pickup On South Street" is also one of the few films where even though the characters are not perfect, you worry about them - perhaps because they have become slightly branded of their past in difficult-to-escape ways: a "three-time loser" and Candy as a young woman who has "turned around" a lot. When these people behave a little worse than you would expect, these are new ways that make you look at people you would never imagine - and yet you know they are possible because the actors make them so recognizable human.
