After the mistake of "The Crusades" at the cash register, Cecil B. DeMille stopped making films about non-American history. His film for the next thirteen years was about our story from Jean Lafitte to World War II (Dr. Wassell). The first in the production order was this movie, starring Gary Cooper as Wild Bill Hickok, with Jean Arthur as Calamity Jane. James Ellison was Buffalo Bill, John Miljan (not a crook as usual) was General George A. Custer, and Anthony Quinn was one of the Indians who fought on Little Big Horn. The villains were led by Charles Bickford (selling weapons to Indians) and Porter Hall as Jack McCall (who killed Wild Bill Hickok). Basically, the film takes up the history of America after the civil war. Lincoln is shown at the outset to talk about what is the next step now that Lee has surrendered. Lincoln talks about the need to secure the West (more on this point later). Then he announces that he should go to the theater. April 14 should have been very busy for Abe - in "Virginia City" he is forgiveness to Errol Flynn at the request of Miriam Hopkins that same day. <br /> <br /> In fact, while Lincoln was worried about West, his immediate thoughts on the last day of his presidency were about reuniting the former federal states and its citizens to the Union as soon as possible. It was reconstruction that occupied his attention, not West (except for the problems with Maximillian and his French-led forces in Mexico against Juarez). But he had been involved in real problems with the West. In 1862, he sent General John Pope, the loser of Second Manassas, to Minnesota to make a serious Indian war of Sioux (the subject of McKinley Kantor's novel "Sprit Lake". Pope, incompetent to Lee and Jackson, proved quite effective here, and the rebels were crushed. <br /> <br /> But with all of Lincoln's actual attention to Western issues, it is doubtful that he says (as Cooper repeats at least once), "the border must be safe." There is nothing to say he couldn't have said it, but it's hardly a profound statement by a senior statesman. As said, Teddy Roosevelt said: "Eat a good breakfast every morning for your health." It's not a profound policy statement. At best, a statement of recognizable fact: Cooper, making it a smaller mantra, like Lincoln's version of the Monroe doctrine, is ridiculous ... typical of the way DeMille's scripts have really bad mistakes in common sense. br /> <br /> But this is not one destructive. "The Plainsman" is a fairy tale movie and as such has the full benefit of DeMille's filmmaker of acting. As such, it is worth seeing. But not as a textbook on Lincoln's political ideas or his citable heritage.
