Kim Basinger stars as Della, a housewife who has twin children (Terri and the Tammi game by Luke Gair and Erika-Shaye Gair) and a violent shake for a man (Kenneth), played by Craig Sheffer. <br /> <br /> The movie opens on Christmas Eve. Kenneth is heading home from work, also runs a good car I can add. He is on his mobile phone and argues with a business partner I would assume. When he comes home, he sees that the floor is a mess with shoes and toys scattered all over. This attacks him even more, and he deals with his wife, Della, and asks her why the house is always a mess. He points her up to the wall. Twin clock from the stairs. He paves the wall, leaves a hole in it and goes away. She tends to the children and tries to comfort them. After all, they are all said, she has to go to the mall to do some last minute shopping and because she is out of wrapping paper. She comes there and the parking lot is full because there are many last minute shoppers there. While looking for a parking lot, she notes a car that takes two seats and it annoys her. She finally finds a place to park, makes her way to the choppy car and leaves a note under the wiper calling the owner a "selfish jerk". Then she goes to the mall to do her last minute shopping. <br /> <br /> When she finally leaves the mall, it shuts down and many people have already left. Not the owner of the car she left the note on and she notes this on the way to her car. She also notes that the note she left under the wiper is no longer there. Odd. When she arrives at her vehicle, she comes in to start it up. She notices a car coming up behind her and it blocks her to back up. She just comes out of the car to be confronted by the owner of the car (Chuckie game by Lukas Haas), she left the note and a bag of her thug friends. Yelling ensues and a mall cop (no, not Paul Blart) make their way to them to see what the problem is, only to get his brains blown out of his head by Chuckie. While this happens, Della jumps into her vehicle, starts it and runs over the median in front of her. Chuckie and his posse hop in their car and hunt. Della ends up throwing her vehicle in a pile of housing development, but she is unlucky. She manages to do it behind her vehicle, open the hatchback and grab a toolbox before thugs get there. <br /> <br /> Della spends the rest of the night trying to run out with the thugs armed with only the tools she has in her toolbox as a weapon. The first kill is, in my opinion, the best. The first kill that Della does anyway. The latter was probably the weakest, and it should have been the best since it was the biggest bad guy she was offensive. <br /> <br /> I will admit that some will be dismissed, buy the finish and I was let down a little myself. As a whole, it was a fun flip and moves nicely together, as it is 1 hour and 20 minutes maturity.
