Gordon Parks, the productive black Life magazine photographer, made a real ticking timebomb of a movie here - one not rooted around! Based on the true story of two NYC police - who were later called Batman and Robin - who once used radical tactics to clean up their drug neighborhood, this is a policeman before that term became a repetitive formula. The lightning is not an insignificant throwaway scene here. <br /> <br /> In the early 1970s, NYC must have been a terrible place to be a police officer, from looks like movies and "Serpico". These two police begin as security participants who break dealers in their spare time. But instead of receiving applause from the city's police authorities, they receive nothing but opposition and opposition from their peers. They have to navigate individually in a mining of police and legal corruption, overhead tasks to keep them away from their work on the streets, ruthless narcotics and a grim ghetto neighborhood. <br /> <br /> Both David Selby and Ron Leibman are great in the leaders; Part of the entertainment looks at Leibman's eyes trembling in every scene in what is a flawless cartoon performance, and Selby's play is low key and angry. These two make all comedy aspects of the story work - showing a palpable frustration mixed with gutsy determination. Director parks that were already known for his coverage of controversial issues in his photograph are not shy of the grin of history. The film is rather uncompromising in portraying the toughness of the world of police and street criminals that these two men reside. The addition to this realism is the fact that the real Hantz and Greenberg acted as technical advisors to the movie and even appear as surrealistic cameo roles as two co-officers who ridicule the main characters. It is a real tribute to the effectiveness of Parks' direction that he manages to balance this depressing environment of light comedy. <br /> <br /> Why has MGM / UA let this sit down for 30 years - almost not giving it a home video or DVD release in the US? It is a small masterpiece from the 1970s.
