First, this looked fifty years ago on a black and white television in a small Samoan village and thought it was fun. Now I've seen it for the second time, so much later, I don't find it fun. I can't find anything more fun anymore. But this is a witty and light-hearted comedy that moves fast without stumbling, and I have enjoyed it. It's 1945 and Fred MacMurray is a 4F who dies to enter one of the armed forces. He rubs a lamp in the scrap yard he manages, and a genius seems to give him some desires. (Ho hum, right? But even though the introduction is no more than okay, the fantasies are quite lively.) MacMurray tells the genius he wants to be in the army. Poof, and he marches with Washington's soldiers into a particularly warm and welcoming USO, where June Gardens and Joan Leslie have lots of blonde doilies or whatever, and lavender patches. Washington sends MacMurray to spy on the enemy - red-faced, German-speaking Hessians, not British. The Hessians get stuck in a Bierstube and sing a very entertaining drinking song that immerses Vaterland's virtues, "where the white wine is the winier / and Rhine water's Rhinier / and bratwurst is milder / and the yellow hair is yellower and the Fraulein is jucier. / and the walking steps are more beautiful. "Something in that style. Characteristics are amazing, as good as Sig Rumann's best. Otto Preminger is the suspicious and outrageous Hessian general. "You know, Heidelberg, vee is 241 to 1 against you - but the bee is not afraid." <br /> <br /> I can't go too long with these fantasies, but they are all quite fun, and so are the lyrics. When he wants him to be in the Navy, MacMurray wins with Columbus and his imagination is presented as grand opera. "Do you not know that sailing vest meant / a terribly expensive investment? / And who suspects you are giving the funds / but Isabella, Queen of Queens." When they see the new world, someone notices that it looks good. "I don't care what it looks like," Columbus murmurs, "but that place is called Columbus." <br /> <br /> Yet, everything is finally straightened out, though the genius at this time is quite full, and MacMurray wins the Marine Corps with the real girl. I've made it sound too sweet, maybe, but it's cute. The children will enjoy rose petals and the magical and corny love story. The adults will get a kick out of history's more challenging elements (who are the hessians?), Unless they happen to be college students, in which case they might want to stick to the doctors' theme and say "Wow! Awesome!"
