Before there was Crash, there was this interesting movie called the Grand Canyon. Released about 14 years earlier than the previous movie, the Grand Canyon was a movie about two people from different backgrounds coming together as friends during life. For me, Crash was still a little better movie, but the Grand Canyon wasn't slim either. <br /> <br /> Instead of an over-class lawyer named Mack (Kevin Kline), a shortcut through the seedier side of the city takes only to get his car crashed at worst. He calls for a tow truck, and has to wait a while, soon to be threatened by a group of dangerous people who want their car. Soon the rope truck driver comes to the perfect moment, and Simon (Danny Glover) goes out to take the truck away. Both men are threatened, but Simon manages to get himself, Mack and the car out of punishment. It is from here that a friendship develops between the two men over life with Mack, helping Simon out, just as Simon had helped him out of a dangerous situation earlier. You see that Simon's sister Deborah (Tina Lifford) lives in a dangerous neighborhood with her two children and fears for her eldest son who seems to roam the street at night with some bad people. Mack gives them a better place to live as well as joining Simon with his secretary's friend Jane (Alfre Woodard). <br /> <br /> This is the main file of the movie, but there are other smaller charts involving the same secretary mentioned above (Mary Louise Parker) and Mack's wife (Mary McDonnel) who discover an abandoned baby not long after their Son Roberto (Jeremy Sisto in his first film role) has gone to camp for the summer and is likely to continue his own life soon. The details of all these plots are gathered in a complex movie using a police helicopter as a metaphor for life and as a bridge to immerse all the different scenes. This simple plot unit works very well and helps a lot with the story. <br /> <br /> Director Lawrence Kasdan, whose biggest movie to date was The Big Chill, has created a fantastic movie here. The molding is excellent and most ideas are well thought out, but unfortunately, it lacks grandeur because some points that would have made the film even stronger are over. The story of the secretary is one, and the other one involving Simon's nephew is the other. These scenes should have been more separate from the whole story, and perhaps Lawrence Kasdan's view of life between the upper and lower classes would have been more at a better level rather than just very good. Still the Grand Canyon exceeded expectations, and yes, you will see a view of the canyon that this movie was named for. There is also a small role for Steve Martin as Davis, who produces violent films that offer their own views on life and have a small role to play in the film's ideas.
