If you really want to know how most of the actors and directors of the Hollywood scene "do it" to where they are, the vast majority will tell you (assuming they will tell) that a strange case occurred. On the other hand, they met the right people at the right time and entered the right project that led to other connections and other projects. Quinten Tarrantino took a acting class whose director knew Harvey Keitel. Kevin Spacey raised a back stage pass from a sleeping old woman on a lecture by a famous playwright who helped him land an important role. And Robin Williams credits his career to Gary Marshall's son, who, after seeing "Star Wars," suggested to his father that a foreigner visit Cunninghams of "Happy Days". These coincidences, seen many times as pure luck, make many of Hollywood's career today. Or is it pure luck? Is it possible that something else happens? The "Grand Canyon", written and directed by Lawrence Kasdan, suggests a completely different explanation for the inexplicable, also the strange miraculous coincidence. The film relates to several different characters whose life cuts because of positive and yet inexplicable coincidence. <br /> <br /> Kevin Kline, a middle-aged father, is experiencing a breakdown in one of the more dangerous areas of LA. After calling a tow truck, a young gang comes to him. They threaten violence if he does not leave his car. Just before the confrontation can escalate, Danny Glover appears as the driver of the wheelchair and dampens the intentions of the tires. Although Glover denies it later, he probably saved Kline's life. A producer (Steve Martin) of cheap violent films is shot in the leg and after divisions have a spiritual experience. He then announces retirement from producing blood and doing entertainment. And Kline's wife, Clair (Mary McDonnell), finds a baby hidden in some leaves on a morning chase. She claims that the child cried for her and that her "rescue" of the infant was pre-ordained. <br /> <br /> The film explores the results of these strange connections that lead to further relationships, ending in relationships and new beginnings. And all the time there is a stranger homeless man in the whole movie, as if he or she is also connected to everything that goes on. It is very rare in Hollywood or for movies in general to explore such a purely esoteric subject. There are a few moments that seem something incredible, but maybe that's the point. What makes the movie work is the amazing play of the cast. Although the miracles and coincidences may seem dangerous, the actors make you believe they are experiencing these new realities. Perhaps this is a topic we should explore more often.
