I visited the Grand Canyon earlier this year when I set out to compile a top ten list of the 1990s. I first saw the movie when I was 17 years old. How did I hear about it? It was reviewed and recommended much by Siskel & Ebert in 1991, and I finally got it on video a year later. <br /> <br /> It's a great movie, a strong movie, a healing movie about the power of listening, really listening to each other. I've seen it six times now, and it entertains and inspires me with every subsequent show. But why the poor reviews for this movie? Malta's movie guide gives it two out of four. For melodramatic, too much coincidence, too juicy, are the terms I read the most. Yes, there is melodrama in this story, and yes, there is also a lot of coincidence. But it delivers with an intensity and power that works smoothly. For all the "plot" found in the Grand Canyon, such as Firearms, a police hunt, an earthquake, a love affair, a woman's discovery of a baby in the bushes, another shooting, a near-miss with a new driver and worldly advice from a homeless man, win this movie because of the clever performances of Kevin Kline , Steve Martin, Mary McDonnell, Alfre Woodard, Danny Glover and Jeremy Sisto. It also succeeds because of Lawrence Kasdan's talented direction and writing. You know this is not just another movie when considering a sequence at the start of the movie involving Kevin Kline being harassed by four black youths. Danny Glover plays a tow truck driver that helps Kline character, but not before being harassed also by the leader of the pile. Listen to the dialogue the child suggests Glover, "Are you afraid of me because of me or because I have a gun?". The Grand Canyon is filled with a perceptive scene after another. Steve Martin should have been nominated for Best Supporting Actor as a film producer who has a change in heart and then a subsequent change of mind. I think his character is a warning that "the good" can carry us forward, that idealism is a virtue, but one that we must fight for constantly rather than relying on. <br /> <br /> I fear the Grand Canyon may be lost forever in the desert of non-new releases in the video store. But with the offers now on older releases as low as 99 cents, I urge anyone who has read this far to a review by a reviewer who you want to thank after hiring it, the Grand Canyon is something special. If you loved Magnolia, another movie with a large ensemble of deep humanistic themes, you'll also love the Grand Canyon.
