I cannot say how close the film follows the novel, without having read the book, but since it is about six and a half hours, it is a good effort that most of the base is covered or at least we can say with a some assurance that this is not a Reader's Digest condensed version. <br /> <br /> The production values ​​are high, up to the standards of other BBC classic series such as Inspector Morse and Sherlock Holmes. We can believe Dickens' London looked, sounded and thought a lot in this way. There are some occasional minor dropouts - some athletes shoot a gun with a percussion cap in 1840 or 1820 or when this happened. <br /> <br /> The play must also be applauded. Suzanne Burden is the polite and honest heroine who is quietly doing good. She is also sweet, in a mature way, her beauty in her compassionate nature not in any flirtation. Denholm Elliott is her guardian (and more than that as it turns out). Burden and Elliott are two of the very few characters that are good in an unalloyed way. Another is a former sergeant who is forced to hurt evil people. Another is a poor and helpless young boy. <br /> <br /> I don't think others could have written this. It has all of Dickens ear tags - poverty, tragic deaths, capitalism in the raw, the generous rich guy in his gated home, hidden parents, shady motives, and impotence or utterly malicious legal system. Well, not the justice system as a whole, but the chancery, which was obviously a court that decided to deal with the distribution of property. (So ​​I gather from Wikipedia.) It became so infamous and dilatory that it was thoroughly renewed in England in 1973. Twice Elliotts character denotes it as a curse. The most impressive scene involves a money-scrounging creditor hounding a retired soldier in the latter's gymnasium under a fence lesson. The Sergeant is more masculine in the traditional sense than any other male character I remember from Dickens. The apoplexy money lender and tenant screams threats from his seat and the sergeant turns to him and makes a delicate exercise with the saber after the other, each progress bringing him closer to his plagues while the corrugated face old creditor shrinks back to his seat. <br /> <br /> A few things are missing. Often, Dickens will stick to at least one or two entertaining dialogue lines. ("Humbug!" Or "The law is an ass.") Not here. "Bleak" house is the right title. Second, there are virtually no Weberic "ideal types" - no Mr. Micawbers or Artful Dodgers or Scrooges. Third, the atmosphere, the whole ethos, is mercilessly bleak. A hardship follows another who usually has to deal with money or some shameful peccadillo out of the past. My God, it's depressing. It's as if the author was waiting for his spleen on everything he hated in the world he knew. Poverty, okay. He knew poverty. But you wonder what the chancery did for Dickens to deserve this kind of treatment. Maybe I should add that I've just seen the first episode of the 2005 series - and it's better in two ways. There is more zipper in the direction, so the pace is a little faster. And Jarndyce vs. Jarndyce's business is explained satisfactorily right in front, rather than lurking in the shadows as the mysterious "curse", so the plot is easier to follow.
