This production was made in the mid-1980s and seems to be the first serious attempt to put BLEAK HOUSE on celluloid. No movie version of the novel was ever attempted (it is remarkably rich in subplots that actually serve as counterparts to each other, so it would have been very difficult to cut it down). The novel was Dicken's only attempt to make a central narrator (one in two at work) a woman, Esther Summerson. Esther is raised by her aunt and uncle, who (in typical Dickens style) mistreates her. She is illegal, but they will not tell her anything about her parents. Later, we become involved in the gentry, Sir Leicester Dedlock, and his wife. Lady Honoria Deadlock (Dame Diana Rigg) is having an increasingly difficult time regarding her privacy and interference in the family lawyer Tulkinghorn (Peter Vaughn). We are also involved in the actions of Richard Carstone (Esther's boyfriend) to try to win a long-standing estate chancery case, Jarndyce v. Jarndyce, as everyone (even Richard's cousin John Jarndyce - played by Desmond Elliot) does not warn of efforts. <br /> <br /> Dickens had been a law reporter and then a parliamentary reporter before writing fiction. From the start of the violation of the pledge in PICKWICK PAPERS, Dickens looked closely at the law. Mr. Bumble said it was "an ass" in OLIVER TWIST, and Dickens would consistently support this view. He looks at the slum as a breeding ground for crime in TWIST that the law hardly tries to cure. He attacks Chancery and outdated property laws, as well as powerful lawyers and greedy lawyers (Tulkinghorn, Vholes) in BLEAK HOUSE. In LITTLE DORRIT, he attacks the debtors' prisons (he also hit it in David COPPERFIELD). In our MUTUAL FRIEND he looks at testators and wills. In the EDWIN DROOD AUTHORITY he was supposed to go for an attempted murder. Dickens was far more critical of legal institutions than most of his contemporaries, including Thackeray. <br /> <br /> But the short story also looks at other issues (such as charity and religious hypocrisy, the burgeoning Scotland Yard detective force, social snobbery in the industrial revolution). He also uses the novel to satirize various people: Leigh Hunt author, Inspector Fields of Scotland Yard, and even the infamous Maria Manning. Most of these items were kept in this fine mini-series version. If it appears again on a cable station, take it.
