Two-thirds of nearly 2,000 IMDb users who voted for this movie rated it 8, 9, or 10, and a user reports using six video tapes (Was this a record or just a defective VCR?). Although the film is primarily intended as a period, it obviously has a rather unusual fascination. But for some reason I imagined it pretty much moody, and until recently I didn't feel like seeing it. My mind was changed by Elizbeth Von Arnim's original book. My wife loves to read, but her vision no longer gives her the opportunity to read much so she borrowed it in speech book form. Such books are usually annoying to a companion who is busy with other things, but I gradually realized that this was seductively soothing, even though it was not syrupy and also very well-written. I realized that my wife would enjoy watching the movie and then decided to buy her video tape. I am now very happy that I did, and will definitely recommend her purchase to others who appreciate a quiet reflective work without fireworks, but with well-built character development and a very successful Italian atmosphere before Mussolini. The story is set in the immediate post WW1 period and starts with two married London ladies who decide to collect their savings and enjoy a vacation together, away from their families, in a rented villa in Italy. Power of circumstances causes this pair to be connected by two others with very different characters and backgrounds. Its theme is essentially no more than the interactions that take place when their holiday progresses, not only between these four very different mature ladies, but also with occasional male visitors. If you want action, excitement, dramatic sex scenes, natural or man-made disasters or Harlequin-style romances, it wouldn't be the movie for you. But IMDb users have collectively and very much demanded that none of these are necessary for a movie to be very rewarding to watch, and if you are interested in trying it, you can, as I did, come to rate it among your beloved movies. <br /> <br /> It is quite rare for me to watch a movie of a book that I am already familiar with. In many cases, I find that this takes some of the pleasure away from watching the movie, but here there is such a strong visual appeal in the attitude that I actually found my pleasure enhanced by the expectation to see the next segment of the book, effectively unraveled before my eyes. (Perhaps Italy itself has a part in this. The last time I had this experience was when I looked at stories from Boccaccio's Decameron on television.) Generally, movies of books tend to increase the dramatic level of the original work to ensure that the filmed version has an even wider appeal, but something about it is reduced to keep viewers aware of the gradual character development rather than on any background events. This works very well, although changes from the book are few, and basically the film is still true to the original story. Big credit is due to the director, Mike Newell, and all the cast members, especially the well-known British actresses who play the four main ladies.
