Three girls, the youngest descendants of the Gaylord family, one of America's most royal families, are orphans at a young age. Just before he goes out to France to fight in WWI, their father tells the elder, Fiona, never to sell the country. When the sisters have grown up, they have had to blow up most of their money to pay for lawyers to defend their property. Through some loopholes in his father's will, a man named Charles Barclay stands to acquire the Gaylord land, where he will build a complex called Barclay Circle. Barclay is actually based on John D. Rockefeller, who bought land and buildings from wealthy families in New York so he could build the Rockefeller Center. <br /> <br /> This movie deals mainly with the three sister's melodramatic concerns. . Fiona, well played by Barbara Stanwyck, though certainly not to be considered one of her best roles, seems like a cold, dominant woman, and it becomes clear that she has some skeletons in her closet. Susanna, played by Nancy Coleman, is a small ditsy and completely in love with a young modern artist named Gig Young. Coleman was my favorite performance in the movie. Evelyn, played by Geraldine Fitzgerald, is a rather pretentious seducer with a monocle who married noble blood in England, but it does not prevent her from trying to steal Gig from her sister. The three sisters have developed quite well, but it is also the great trend in The Gay Sisters, never good enough. Charles Barclay is played by George Brent. He is not very good. Now he would be satisfactory if the story had played the way it should have, but he always seems like a scumbag in the movie. When asked to sympathize with him late in the movie, it is impossible. Gig Young is played, huh ?, Gig Young. No, he doesn't play himself. What happened was that the actor, who had acted in several films earlier under his real name, Byron Barr, was pressured by Warner Brothers to change his name to something more imprisoned. I'm not sure who made the final choice, but he finally changed his screen name to Gig Young, according to the character he plays in The Gay Sisters. Strange, eh? Young is pretty good throughout most of the movie, but the manuscript does some unfortunate things with its character late in the movie, which ultimately damages the audience's sympathy for him. In two other supporting roles, Helen Thimig and Gene Lockhart are quite good. <br /> <br /> The gay people have great potential to turn out to be one of the great film-historical family sagas. The characters are all interesting, just like their situations. Unfortunately, the script never strives for anything more than the simplest melodrama. If it had made the interrelationship between all the protagonists more complex, for example, the rivalry between Evelyn and Susanna or made the flashback more complicated, the movie could have been fantastic. It could also have flown out the prologue more, let us know more about the Gaylord family. We need to worry more about the characters and we need to sympathize with them more. And the finish needed some greater fixing. It just gives up at the end. Fiona's problems are solved so badly that it hurts. Regardless of the sympathy she had achieved when the film was advanced, it fell apart. It's also too happy. This story seems to be moving towards tragedy, or perhaps just a sense of historical significance or loss. And we still hate Barclay. And the conflict between the two sisters and Gig has never been resolved. As bad as Fiona's story ends, Susannas, Gigs and Evelyns are even worse. <br /> <br /> I liked the movie. It is thoroughly visible, though it does not involve us as other fantastic films in the era. 7/10, mostly for its potential. It should have been recreated, or the short story should have been rewritten at some point in the study period. It is too dated to be restored now. The 1950s would have been the best time, in the time of movies like the Giant.
