I saw Rob Rob twelve years ago. With a little money for entertainment, I rented it to my fiancé and I looked at a crackling winter night. The movie I wanted was gone, so I rented this instead, not expecting much, and was very surprised at how good it was. I just recently saw it again and loved it as much as the first time. <br /> <br /> For those who are not familiar with history, it is about Scottish criminal Robert Roy MacGregor, a cattleman and people's hero. From the little I know to the man and his story, freedoms are taken with facts, but it is a movie, not a textbook, and the filmmakers can therefore be excused. Basically, the film of the movie is that Rob Roy lends money from the Marquis of Montrose to buy cattle which he will then sell and reap a huge profit from. But his plan is counterfeit when the friend entrusted with the money is robbed of cash and murdered in the forest. Our hero escapes after failing to settle the case with the Marquists, and Mary, his wife, suffers a sadistic rape in the hands of Archibald Cunningham, a smarmy Englishman without soul. Atrocities continue until Rob in an incredibly satisfying conclusion cuts Archibald as a Christmas turkey. <br /> <br /> There are many good performances in this movie, but allow me to touch specifically on a few. Liam Neeson, as usual, is great, a sexy animal you can't take your eyes off. In fact, this man is like ice: even when he is bad, he is good. Hans Rob Roy is a reputable man who struggles to provide for those who depend on him, in the best way he knows how. Jessica Lange, like Mary, gives this woman a rape, which is a wonderful change from the sober, boring movie wives that the audience is forced to endure. You just know she doesn't take any b's from Rob or anyone else for that matter. Tim Roth is over the top with his depiction of the evil Archibald, but somehow it works. All that posed and preening combined with some vicious dialogue results in one of the most memorable movie curves in the latest memory. Combine all this and the stellar work of other supportive players, with Scotland's beautiful scenery, and you have what is really like a really, really cool movie. If you haven't seen this, I strongly recommend you do it.
