In 1995, when many people spoke of BRAVEHEART's great premiere of Mel Gibson, another very fine but underrated film on Scottish history also saw ROB ROY. Though it is a very different movie, especially because of the historical period that history is set, ROB ROY has much in common, not only with the amazing BRAVEHEART, but also with the very spirit of epic movies. <br /> <br /> It is a movie that discusses similar themes, such as the struggle for dignity, courage, honor, revenge, family is a key to happiness. It also leads us to the great bliss of Scottish Highlands, where the human soul finds its rest surrounded by all the greatness of nature. Robert Roy MacGregor (Liam Neeson), the protagonist is a true hero (so universal in epics), kind of "Scottish Robin Hood" who is struggling to lead his people out of oppression imposed by cold-hearted men. Although he worsens his situation through the actions, must suffer greatly, two things remain undeniable: HONOR, whom he himself gives and loves to his wife, Mary MacGregor (Jessica Lange). It leads him to unexpected events ... <br /> <br /> Apart from the interesting content and rather vivid action, the movie is filled with truly amazing images. This factor has to do with the film's sets and locations as well as the wardrobe. Many memorable moments remain in mind for any viewer who can afford an insight into artistic images. For me, the most amazing scene in the highlands was when Rob Roy tells his boys what honor really matters. Then he sends them away and beautifully loves his woman. The scene he escapes from Marguis of Montrose (John Hurt) to the waterfall is also worth seeing as a fantastic visual. <br /> <br /> Of course, there is some graphic violence, such as in the duel, but I don't think this violence would be as harmful as in many other modern films. Its justification is like any other epic: Bloodshed and cruelty of those times were really serious, and there would be no purpose to save it. The most disturbing scene was rape at Rob Roy's wife of history's villain: Archibald Cunningham (Tim Roth). It's really disgusting and the kids should definitely stay away. But the rest is O.K. Still, there is one aspect that made me really love this movie, the performances. All the caste makes perfect jobs, from the leading Lian Neeson, who fits very well with the role of tall, brave, strong Scottish man to the supportive cast of Brian Cox, depicting evil Killearn, a silent witness to terrible actions that feel confident in the evil of war. Jessica Lange is very fine as Mary MacGregor and has some of the most beautiful moments in the film. There is chemistry between Ms Lange and Mr Neeson in many of their scenes. John Hurt, one of the best British actors, does a fantastic job as Marguis of Montrose, a corrupt man, for whom the money itself has been achieved in any way. I like the tranquility of his depiction. But the real villain is played by Tim Roth, who really portrays the miserable side of his character, Archibald - a man who mocks love who loves war and who finds true desire in rape and slaughter. But as in a good epic, this unusual evil must find its end ... And another aspect: the musical score: such memorable and sentimental tunes bound to sound in the ears for a long time. The last moment touched me to cry not only because of the beauty it conveys, but because I deeply combined these happy tunes with the rankings of grandeur. Scotland is at the heart of its visitors and this film reminded me of the permanent impact. It was like my second trip to Scotland. <br /> <br /> ROB ROY is a very nice film, very well-tended, photographed and acted. It may not correspond to BRAVEHEART with its spectacular sets and lots of extras in combat scenes, but it is a rather long film with great attention placed on a very important feature. A cinema must have: great entertainment combined with heart training. I really enjoyed that movie, don't hesitate to call it the metaphorical "highlands of entertainment" and rate it 9/10
