Too bad for this fine film that it should be released the same year as Braveheart. Although it is a very different kind of movie, the conflict between Scottish commoners and English nobility is also in front of the center here. Ca. 400 years had passed between the time when Braveheart took place and Rob Roy was set, but some things never seemed to change. Scottland is still led by English nobles, and the highlands never seem to take a break when dealing with them. Rob Roy is beautifully finished, but not the great epic that Braveheart was. There are no big battles, and the conflict here is more between individuals. And helpful, so not all Englishmen are portrayed as evil this time. Rob Roy is simply a film about them with honor, and those who are really evil. <br /> <br /> Liam Neeson plays the title character Rob Roy MacGregor. He is the leader of the MacGregor clan and his basic function is to care and protect cattle by the local nobleman, known as the Marquis of Montrose (John Hurt). Things look pretty hard on the MacGregor clan as winter approaches, and there seems to be a lack of food for everyone. Rob Roy puts together a plan to borrow 1000 pounds from Marquis and buy some own cattle. He would then sell them at a higher price and use the money to improve the general well-being of his community. Sounds pretty enough, right? Problems arise when two stories of the marquists steal the money for themselves. One of them, known as Archibald Cunningham, is perhaps the most evil character ever put on film. The game wonderfully by Tim Roth, this man is a penniless would be noble that has been sent to live with the Marquis of his mother. This man is disgustingly widespread, rude, heartless and very dangerous with a sword. He feeds a child with a handkerchief and refuses to own the responsibility. He rapes Macgregor's wife and burns him out of his home. This guy is really as cluttered as movie characters come. Along with another crony of Marquis (Brian Cox), Cunningham steals the money and uses it to offset his own debt. Although it is painfully obvious to most of what happened, the marquists still hold MacGregor to debt. This creates conflict that will take many lives and challenge the strength of a man who just struggles to hold onto his dignity. <br /> <br /> Forward Spoilers !!!!! <br /> <br /> Fortunately for MacGregor's, a duke who is not a friend of the marquise, a final duel between Rob Roy and Cunningham creates one conflict for all. This sword fight has been considered by many to be one of the best ever filmed. Cunningham is considered by many to be a safe winner with his speed and grace. And for the most part of the match, it seems that these attributes will win out. Just as Rob Roy seems to have finished, he turns the tables in a shockingly grotesque way. The first time you see what happens, you'll probably be as shocked as Cunningham! Rob Roy is beautifully busy, wonderfully acted and perfectly paced. The result is also quite memorable. The cast choices seem to have worked out as Jessica Lange, who may seem to be out of her element, is actually one of the strongest performances of Mary MacGregor. The film is violent, but there is not too much going on. However, it is a funny picture filled with deviant behavior. The nobility is largely played as amoral and sleazy. The film has no obvious flaws and thus it becomes 10 out of 10 stars. The dog.
