This is the moving tale of Scotland's legendary hero Rob Roy, and his fights with the feudal landowners. Like Braveheart, which it is often compared to, it is not very historic. Despite their primarily fictitious character, I rate both these films highly and will be hard pressed to choose between the two. The 13th Century William Wallace is, as others have mentioned, a greater than the national figure of life, while early 18th century Rob Roy comes across as an honorable but ordinary Scottish. The story is about a clan chief, Robert Roy McGregor, who lives in a Scottish Highlands cottage with his wife Mary and their two young sons. When the movie begins, he and his fellow men are chasing some twenty who have stolen the local master's cattle. Rob Roy then wants to improve his people's living conditions so he can borrow a thousand Scottish pounds from a local noble, the Marquis of Montrose, to buy cattle for crew on the market. He temporarily transfers this money to his friend Alan McDonald. When both McDonald's and the money come up, Rob Roy is in conflict with Montrose as well as his despicable protégé, Archibald Cunningham, and his bad factor, Killearn. Rob Roy's honor is also being tested when Montrose seeks to involve him in false testimony against his rival, the Duke of Argyle, whom he will accuse of being a Jacobite. The charismatic Liam Leeson is brilliant as the kilted highlander Rob Roy, an intelligent, virile and noble hero and a man whose honor is crucial to this narrative. Personally, I feel that this is Neeson's best performance, his brogue (although Irish) adds authenticity to the average viewer. Rob Roy is a stubborn, proud, courageous and honest man whose words can be trusted. He is a loving man and father, and also reassuringly loyal to his friend, McDonald, who is accused of stealing him. <br /> <br /> Tim Roth masterfully portrays his great adversary and certainly one of the most hideous and sadistic movie curves, Archibald Cunningham, a selfish, ruthless sprinkling peacock. He is very successful for anyone who makes his big business ravaging the local women, whether willing or otherwise. The pathetic Cunningham himself constantly refers to the fact that he is a bastard who is not familiar with the identity of his own father, even though it hardly justifies his terrible mistreatment of murder, rape and theft. In addition, he relentlessly throws the young waitress, Betty, after she becomes pregnant with her child, resulting in her suicide. John Hurt plays the arrogant and sharp Montrose, who is ultimately suggested to be Cunningham's father. <br /> <br /> The movie is essentially the very beloved love story between a regular man and his wife, depicting the passionate relationship between Rob Roy and Mary. Those who question the presence of passion in marriage should see this man and wife! I think the phrase used by this couple, "How Fine Are You for Me ..." is certainly one of the most beautiful expressions of love in all cinemas. <br /> <br /> The most compelling performance is possibly by Jessica Lange as Rob's wife, Mary McGregor. Lack of makeup she has the beautiful but natural look of a robust farmer's wife and mother. The actor brings great courage and dignity to her role when she is brutally raped by the despicable Cunningham while the obnoxious Killearn is watching. Her dialogue is commonly spoken but filled with pride and grace. I blame Hollywood for once showing just enough in the rape scene to reveal its cruelty as well as Mary's pain and humiliation, but nothing was meant to be sensationalized. Their relative, Alastair McGregor, shows emotional anxiety as he learns about Mary's rape and further plagues when she swears to secrecy, never revealing to her husband that she is violating Cunningham. <br /> <br /> Of course, this movie has the beautiful scenery of the Highlands, also sumptuous period costumes and appropriate musical scoring. There are no big battle scenes as in Braveheart, but ongoing engaging action and a particularly poignant sword battle in the last duel between Rob Roy and Cunningham. This is a captivating film with both exciting action and a beautiful love story.
