** Attention Spoilers ** <br /> <br /> First of all, let me say that Rob Roy is one of the best films from the 90s. It was a great achievement for everyone involved, especially the performance of Liam Neeson, Jessica Lange, John Hurt, Brian Cox and Tim Roth. Michael Canton Jones painted a wonderful portrait of the honor and disgrace that men can represent in themselves. But unfortunately ... it gets constant and unfair compared to "Braveheart". These are two completely different films, probably only similar in that they are both about scots in historic Scotland. Nevertheless, this comparison often generates me because it seems almost assumed that "Braveheart" is a better movie than "Rob Roy". I like "Braveheart" a lot, but the idea of ​​comparing it to "Rob Roy" is a bit offensive to me. To put it simply, I love "Braveheart", but it's a pale shadow for how much I love "Rob Roy". Here are my special reasons ... "Rob Roy" is about real people. <br /> <br /> Let's see, William Wallace in "Braveheart" is not a real person. He is a legend, a martyr, a greater than life figure. Because of this depiction, he is also a perfect person who never does wrong and basically shows his Scottish compatriots to the promised land. When he finally fails, it's not his fault. Like Jesus, he is betrayed by the very people he trusted the most. He even goes through the worst form of torture because he wants freedom so much. <br /> <br /> The portrayal of Wallace is very well done and effective. But it doesn't really inspire or intrigue me. I find human ambiguity far more fascinating than human perfection. Therefore, "the last temptation of Christ" is a better movie than "King of Kings" and that is also one of the reasons I think "Rob Roy" is better than "Braveheart". Rob Roy can be heroic and brave, but he is far from perfect. He makes several mistakes that hit the lives of many of his loved ones. Surely that was not a false claim against the Duke of Argyll was a nobility and courage, but it was also an act of selfishness and self-centering. Let us not forget that the kin people he claimed to protect were driven homeless at the end of the movie because of this act. But Rob did the best he could and that was all you could ask for. <br /> <br /> Rob's wife Mary, is also a normal, ambitious person. However, let's start with how she looks in this movie. Well, she's beautiful, but she doesn't wear makeup, and she basically gives her natural beauty to show. Compare this with the two lovers (or one, depending on your point of view) by William Wallace in "Braveheart". Now, these two ladies are warm, but hardly obvious how women saw at that time (especially the lay people). Perhaps not a fair comparison, but just another example of how Rob Roy's attempts at accuracy are far more effective. <br /> <br /> Throughout "Rob Roy", Mary must live with her evil rape of the bad carrion, Cunningham. She feels compelled to tell Rob about his struggle, but not because she knows Rob is going to seek revenge for his rape. Such revenge would certainly mean Rob's death, and Mary is not prepared for such a sacrifice. <br /> <br /> The bad guys in "Rob Roy" are just as convincing. Although the enemies in "Braveheart" are well-written, they are hardly original. Robert the Bruce, a man, both brave and erroneous, is plagued by moral decisions that are all family in the fictional kingdom. Should he take his claim as King of Scotland or should he betray Wallace to secure his family's name? Bruce is the most ambitious character in "Braveheart", but from Brutus in "Julius Ceasar" to Fredo in "The Godfather Part II", these types of characters are hardly original. Longshanks, though a convincing villain in itself, is very one-dimensional. He is the epidemic of evil, and his tyrannical ways are in direct opposition to Wallace's heroism. <br /> <br /> "Rob Roy" has three villains who are wonderful in their chic. First of all, let's start with the Marquis of Montrose. He is a man so obsessed with his self-image that he is willing to let an innocent man suffer because of it. "Make sure I'm not mocked" is his favorite word for his "factor". He is a man who is obsessed with power, worried that a man of great nobility like the Duke of Argyll can be regarded as greater providence when he. He is shamelessly self-confident and uncertain. He is a vicious aristocrat, but in ways that make him unique. <br /> <br /> Cunningham and Callarn are the conspirators of "Rob Roy" and are also Roy's direct attackers. Callarn is so listed in his coward that he is almost comical. He will do everything possible to preserve the marquis's good will, which includes backstabbing and trickery. Cunningham is a convincing character because he apparently has been raised to do all he can to gain status and love for the awnings. He needs a father, little he knows that marquis is his real father. Therefore, when the opportunity to gain wealth comes from Callarn, he grabs it without even questioning it. He is much like the modern man's evil, so self-centered and in vain that he does not care about the consequences of his actions on others. Many have criticized Tim Roth's performance in this movie as overactive. Hogwash I say. It is clear that Cunningham is not only evil but also psychopath throughout the film. In a world where a man and his stepson can walk around shooting random people for entertainment, is Cunningham too much of an incredible character? We live in a society where people seem to have reduced the value of human life. "Rob Roy" just teaches us that only the circumstances of this reduced value have changed. It is a problem throughout human history that the vanity of the human heart does not allow compassion. Rob Roy and Mary give us hope that goodness will prevail, but snakes will always exist in our world. Another character that I find fascinating is the Duke of Argyll. He is a true nobleman, and his values ​​of honesty and courtesy are in direct opposition to the awnings. He appreciates Rob Roy and Mary's courage, and has a direct concern for the awnings and his factor. He gives the world the hope of the people of power. Hopefully, people like the awnings are an exception and not the rule. <br /> <br /> - The final duel in "Rob Roy" is more exciting than 10 of the battle scenes in "Braveheart". <br /> <One thing I get tired of is that people tell me that "Braveheart" is a better movie because of the battle scenes. First of all, battle scenes are hardly original. From "Spartacus" to "Gladiator", Hollywood has a long tradition of historic European combat scenes. "Braveheart" has some of the best fighting scenes ever put on film, but they have an important problem. These fighting scenes have no connection except for the struggle for freedom. <br /> <br /> Now, don't make me wrong, duels are almost not original either. In fact, there are probably 10 times as many movies with duels as there are with battle scenes. But the connection between the duel between Cunningham and Rob Roy is a beauty to see. It is one of the greatest scenes in film history. Let me explain why ... First of all, the style of battle and the bearing of the two characters in this duel describe the characters perfectly. Cunningham is effet and dangerous, Rob Roy is strong and brave. Cunningham uses a fence sword while Rob uses a broadsword. Cunningham is struggling with fast-paced moves while Roy's fighting style is more obvious. <br /> <br /> The whole movie, from the intentionally slow first half to the exciting second half, leads to this moment. These are powerful things, and it is clear that Rob must eradicate this threatening evil that has plagued his entire world. When Rob finally gets the upper hand (literally and figuratively), it is one of the greatest moments in film history. Rob wins because he has more to live for and his honor is stronger than 10 Cunninghams. The use of music is quite chilling in this scene. Well, there is a genuine evil that is more powerful to me than to see a guy cut off so he can shout "FREEDOM!" But hey, maybe it's just me. <br /> <br /> - "Rob Roy" is more realistic than "Braveheart" <br /> <br /> I don't know that people in the aristocracy or scottish spoke like the people of "Rob Roy" but I feel that it is clearly an attempt to capture their speech patterns. I feel that many people are bored of "Rob Roy" simply because they cannot understand what the characters are saying. If this is the case, read some Shakesphere or put the close caption. "Rob Roy" is actually one of the greatest written films from the 90s. Many of the dialogue in this movie is clever, but maybe you should watch the movie a few times to understand it. <br /> <br /> Conversely, the dialogue in "Braveheart" is hardly very interesting. Of course, what do you expect when the protagonist is a Scottish player played by an Australian? This is a legend and there was obviously no attempt to capture the talk of time. This movie takes place several centuries before "Rob Roy" and yet they speak like the people today. That is why many people like it better. The audience today has become more and more lazy, and they do not want to take time or patience to understand things that are complex. Therefore, as with many epic films, they expect to see the villagers speak a recognizable English accent while the heroes speak in a translation, not too far away from our American language. Obviously, Wallace is Scottish, but other than sounding like Scotty from Star Trek and a few "Aye" for recognition, the Scots in this movie fit into the Hollywood tradition of how we think Scots should sounds. <br /> <br /> Then these descriptions show that "Rob Roy" is a better movie than "Braveheart"? Almost. But if it turns out one thing, it turns out that it is almost not commonly known that "Braveheart" is a better movie than "Rob Roy". To put it simply, "Rob Roy" is a movie that has themes that are very accessible in today's world. "Braveheart" is a film about a legend that is inspiring but hardly realistic. You can make a decision on what you think is better ... Grade - A score - 9
