LARGE SPOILERS !! THIS IS FOR PEOPLE WHO HAVE THE SEET FILM! <br /> <br /> The commentary has touched on the main theme of "film" and too many comparisons with "Braveheart". I would like to point out a few things about this movie, which I have not seen other comments, touch on: <br /> <br /> This movie has a certain different recording on abortion. The first sign of becoming pregnant is the Roth's boyfriend, and when he coldly suggests an abortion, she says it's too late for it. Shame on her situation ("I need a bastard bastard.") Brings her to commit suicide on a much later stage. The other character to find pregnant is Mary, Rob's wife, after a rape of Roth's character (and at least a sex scene with her husband, Rob). Most recently in the movie, which Rob leaves for a final confrontation with Roth, Maria asks what to do about pregnancy of questionable origin, with an abortion instruction. Rob answers in a noble tone, "it's not the child's fault", and then says what he means the name should be, girl or boy. I find this "pro-life" attitude from the hero to be very un-Hollywood. Rob goes from the darkness of the house to the bright outside to make this comment - not random symbolism. Another related theme is Roth's character is a bastard, one who apparently does not know who his father was, and has few kind words to his mother, even though he carries a picture of her in one case hung from the neck. Is it coincidental that Roth (without family stability) is the walking definition of psychopath, while Rob is the strong man / grandfather, and of course the hero. In the final sword battle between Rob and the villain (Roth), the former shifts deep over the chest - the left side of the chest, over the heart. His employer and pseudo-character (John Hurt's character) hold the mother's image in his hand and look at it before he slips it from the dead Roth's neck. Also what I find interesting was the direction of the rape scene, which was not quite graphic, but also of the camera and implied. I found it surprising that there is some actual portrayal where Mary convincingly shows the properties of someone who goes through the sample and subsequent post-traumatic stress (as we call it now). My point was that the rape was neither sensational nor just implied, as I find an interesting middle way for Hollywood to take. <br /> <br /> In the last match scene I have to rectify a previous comment: The weapon Roth chose was a rapier (or perhaps a short sword), the weapon Rob chose was a Claymore. Someone really did their homework on this whole scene. Roth wanted to have the upper hand in such a situation, but of course, Claymore is a clear Scottish weapon. What is even more striking to me (as a fender and a person who has read a bit about the subject) is that this final sword fight is one of the most convincing for any movie ever made: Actors actually seem to try to kill each other - - not the usual slashes for the opponents' blade, we see in most movie games (including the film-open fight). Even more true to the story, Roth is seen several times using the rapier as an offensive weapon, which is the purpose of design! (Rapiers was angular, but primarily an offensive weapon with the edges mainly used to parry an opponent's shock.) Rob uses Claymore in wide slashes, as is the intention of the design. The fight goes down as I would expect it - Roth wins effectively. Although Rob wins the day by catching Roth's weapons (more symbolism) and killing him with a powerful slash. People rarely see this level of historical accuracy in a movie sword fight. <br /> <br /> I would also note that for some reason I remember 1995 (the release year) clearly as a time of distrust of the US government. Hollywood was apparently set in it with the release of both "Rob Roy" and "Braveheart", and I think the anti-government learning is why both films get so much comparison. <br /> <br /> I think the different perspective this movie gives is refreshing to eager movie fans, tired of the same old, not so hidden messages from Hollywood.
