Michael Caton-Jones Scottish Period pieces have a connection to Sir Walter Scott's novel of the same name ... The film opens in the Highlands, with Robert Roy McGregor and his men hunting down a bunch of cow thieves who have stolen several heads of his dominion James Graham's cattle ... The play then switches to a sword fighting contest attended by nobles with long-haired wigs, adorned shirts, soft spheres, paleface make-up and conventional movements. . <br /> <br /> MacGregor lives under the protection of a local man named Marquis of Montrose ... When he enters into an illegal trade agreement with Montrose, he blames himself for the vicious plot of Montrose's evil Doers. The unfolding of their perfidies is the most creative and pleasant part of the film, even though it takes a conflicting rally with violent rape. When Rob Roy is finally forced to rebel against the English soldiers, the action is well understood, ending with the dictate duel between him and an expert with the magazine ... Liam Neeson injects heroism and passion into his character ... He is intelligent, righteous and virile ... He carries his grace with grace as the Scottish chief of a small community ... He is a loving father, a passionate lover and a noble man, driven to desperate acts of killed villains ... He would rather die than tell a lie or betray a trust ... Oscar winner Jessica Lange gives the film class the strong, robust devoted wife, a proud peasant woman, raped by a particularly psychotic aristocrat. Along the lines are filled with dignity and integrity: "I will think of you dead until my husband makes you like that. And then I will not think of you any more." <br /> <br /> John Hurt brings his usual wise touch with character roles to make Montrose something more than a greedy Marquis, reckless with money and hardened by the English court fashion for foppery ... He is a pompous arrogant man with two evil servants for his service ... Honor, in his opinion , a picturesque performance seems ... He has two goals: destroy his rival, the Duke of Argyle, and chase the fleeting MacGregor ... He sends his soldiers to burn Highlanders home to kill their people and their livestock. .. Tim Roth's perfect contrast to the hero, is horrible and oddly a uniform enforcement ... He is a penniless British aristocrat, a creepy 'embedded sword' wonderfully evil, ravish and killing his way through the Scottish mist ... His name is Archibald Cunningham ... He turns out to be a liar, a thief and a killer ... He dismisses himself as "but a bastard abroad, seeking his happiness and favors from great men" and therefore cannot care for anyone else : "Love is a canopy, and I'm just a cock climbing it to crow. "He even cries that he once raped a young boy whom he lost to a girl ... Cunningham seems pathetic ... He smiles foolishly and exits words of touch with sophistication, but not terribly harmful - until a muscular swordman insults him and we find that he is a cool head and an expert with a sword ... He really steals the movie with a show that gave him a nomination for best supporting actor ... And while Brian Cox is appropriately boring as the Killearn, Andrew is Keir Montrose's rival, the powerful local aristocrat, the Duke of Argyll, one of the few credible men McGregor meets outside of his own family ... Seen in the 18th century Scotland and with an atmospheric musical score, 'Rob Roy 'is really a love story between a man and his wife, a recognizable human story that is unwarranted by Mel Gibson's' Braveheart', which probably tells the same story of provincial anger engaging English landlords ...
