So next door killed the neighbor. Reminds me of Iraq. When I looked at the American flag (50 stars in 1864?), Which was pulled behind the horse, I realized why burning that piece of red and blue did not disturb me as much as our destruction / indifference to the bill. I am a southern one and need some historical memory. <br /> <br /> Seeing the Tobey McGuire character learns to respect the former slave's dignity as he looks at swords and Germans (his ethnic background) was put on a poker game ..... was interesting. Many twists in this movie. The wife, who is forced into her marriage, shows both desire and a strong will, qualities that we are not accustomed to seeing in "respectable Victorian Southern Cells". The crazy wacked out renegade southerner gave me some insight into why my cousin, head of Copeland Horse-thieving Gang, Inc. in Mississippi, was hanged about that time. Band of homeless men roaming the landscape, armed. Remind you of Iraq? And how do we resemble the facade of religion and ethnic background? And why southern people are still fighting for the civil war today. Too bad can we not use the same knowledge in our handling of the land we have just invaded and occupied, fomenting civil war everywhere. It is Mesopotamia, now called Iraq, which happens to have the accident of sitting on oil. The wild-eyed killers in Missouri, raiding Lawrence, Kansas could just as easily be the rebels, we are now struggling unsuccessfully. <br /> <br /> Another irregularity was father's tribute to the Yanks who move into Lawrence and raise a school "even before they build a church. And so they win." Huh ????? I was taught in Birmingham, Al, and we were taught that the North was much more industrial and richer ..... therefore they won. Course, they also had LITTLE GOD on their side. As you can see here, when the liberated slave indicates he cuts out to free his mother, sold for slavery in Texas. God, what terrible heritage slavery gave us. <br /> <br /> Acts pretty well, lots of blood and do when the warriors run happily in battle (but did not hear a rebellion screaming, then reminiscent of football matches in Alabama). You also get a real sense of how stupid the war was, as bushwackers and jayhawkers gather their forces to another raid. They have lost sight of why they are struggling, and so do we. Just more thoughtless slaughter. You are also up to date with the relentless children coming home from Iraq, when the bushwaker (ahh, which connotations) first has his arm cracked and tries to save it, then it has amputated and then dies. So much suffering for such a stupid cause. <br /> <br /> The camera is amazing. Now I have to get back to the DVD and get the production notes, one of my favorite parts of any movie. I suppose this movie was written by a Gore Vidal, as the spoken language is of a type you would associate with that era if you knew history. The dialogue is certainly thought-provoking. Not your regular blood and gut war film, in any way. You see the wounded but still active soldiers still struggling because they have nothing else to do. You see the southern raiders living on the land stealing discrimination. But in the beginning you have seen the fight stop so that women could be evacuated from danger. When I read the escalating number of women and children dying in Iraq, I think, "How do we lose our awe as a people?" I forgot why I searched this movie and bought it after 20 years, but some book welcomed it. With good reason. Tobey at his best before Spideyman. Buy the DVD or rent it. And tell me why others do this, not just liberal cest moi.
