Ride with the devil has something rich and special if you can slow down development. While the brutal guerrilla war in the American West during its civil war (which spearheaded the outbreaks of the Old West of the 1870s) tackled a dark gritty subject, the film retains a weirdly satisfying, unmodified atmosphere. What I am referring to is the tendency for the movie's music and lighting to make you feel the mood you expect to feel. But RWTD instead has a relatively optimal soundtrack and lets words and action make the speakers set the mood rather than manipulating the viewers' senses. As an enthusiasm for this particular area of ​​CW history, m very impressed with the accuracy of the film. The biologist is expertly written, even with subtle humor, with references to bushwhackers and former boarder battles (eg independence ... A long cry from the Oregon Trail!). The minor events that occur at Jake's band resemble the actual events that took place ... Especially attacked when they pay tribute to the house and the destruction of the store / booth. The fighting scenes, although rare, are pretty well executed. It even has the first CW cavalry battle that was filmed recently. The management shows the talent that everyone expects from Ang Lee in subtle ways. Example: Black John's character turns out to take a Lawrence resident under the massacre: "Where's your army? Who are we fighting!? Who shall we fight?! (The shot then switches to a trio of Confederate Regulars standing nothing to stop the carnage while the voice continues) You are a lie everyone! "Who is cowards, really? There are no major touch areas in history, something that cannot be said about the masterpiece in film Glory, which basically was fiction within the framework of big events it follows. Some minor issues are the fact that the years as shown by the events represented do not add. But you will never notice. A greater curiosity is the fact that the only African-American weapon character in the film is the quasi-slave fighting for Jake and his confederate bushwhackers. It is true that some blacks fought for Confederacy out there, including one that examined Lawrence for Quantrill before the attack (who would suspect him?). Although this black rebellion is a fascinating character (no matter what African Americans might think of him), not a single black union infantry is seen in the movie, which would have been more representative of the black experience of Western CW. One of the first black regiments of CW was raised in Kansas (by murderer Senator Jim Lane, and before the 54th Mass. Reg. Of Fame was organized), and black troops in such battles as Baxter Springs, KS, played a critical role . <br /> <br /> No clear historical errors. Good, realistic action that is rare and not gratuitous. Good management. This movie may not be the most popular other civil war, but it is the cleanest job of anyone.
