The war between states was perhaps the darkest hour in American history; a war pitting brother against brother and family against family and left scars, which today have not yet healed and probably never will. And, as in any story of a war, beyond any historical significance, it is the personal disagreement behind the greater conflict that creates the emotional impulse that makes it involved. It is the human element that makes the context necessary to give that perspective, which is what director Ang Lee gives in 'Ride With the Devil', a civil war drama where he focuses on the personal travails within the broad portrayal of the actual war, and along the way manage to include a study of one of the bloodiest chapters of the war, the infamous raid on Lawrence, Kansas, of Quantrill and his raiders, whom he manages to present fairly objectively from the Confederate point of view. <br /> <br /> In 1863, the Union's influence dominates in the state of Kansas, and even across the border of the neighboring Missouri, with Confederate loyalty, they find it increasingly difficult to endure against the incumbent Norwegians, especially without the help of what could be considered some "regular" Confederate troops. And when things really start to warm up around their own city, Jack Bull Chiles (Skeet Ulrich) and Jake Roedel (Tobey Maguire) form their own band and participate in the garbage and do damage to the cause of the Union, where practicable. Jack Bull and Jake don't like the war and don't like to kill; but they stand up for what they think is right. <br /> <br /> There are others, however, even among their own men like the young Pitt Mackeson (Jonathan Rhys-Meyers) who will use the conflict as a means of personal gain and as nothing but an excuse to express their own violent nature through unnecessary brutality, which in many cases is committed against innocent victims. And for Jack Bull and Jake, as well as many like them, it becomes a time when loyalty and moral judgments will be severely tested; a time when their souls will be tempered in blood. And they have to run with the devil himself, even against seemingly insurmountable odds. As with all his films, director Ang Lee approaches his story through a sharp but subtle study of traditions, cultural aspects, and moral attitudes of the people and times he portrays. And thus, Lee gives his audience at least some understanding of his subject, which goes beyond current history and eventually gives a deeper understanding of the motivations that drive his characters and drama in which they are involved. Whether it is the traditions and customs that draw the relationship between a father and his daughters ("Eat Drink Man Woman"), the effects of the class distinction (`Sense and Sensibility '), the honor and code with which a warrior lives and dies ( 'Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon' or the moral ambiguities promoted by the lack of the above ('The Ice Storm') infuses Lee's films with insight into the human state leading them to a higher level. This film is no exception; and (as he does with all his films), Lee presents his story using a breathtaking filmography (in this film, by Frederick Elmes, who also made "The Ice Storm" excellent), which, under his guidance, is nothing short of visual poetry . It is the special Lee touch, and it adds a wistful, reflective feel to the story he tells, which is one of the elements that make his movies so memorable. <br /> <br /> As Jake, Tobey Maguire initially brings a sense of youthful innocence to the film, which contrasts so effectively with the maturity he later mediates as history evolves and his character along with it. The most important thing is that Maguire responds convincingly and reliably to the events that unfold around him, increasing the credibility of the superior film and emphasizing the realism of the presentation: His stoic acceptance of death and the news of them "murdered" in the various skirmishes and struggles ; the moral nature which he encounters even in such troubled times; The supplies, which, because of the nature of the conflict, are almost common; and the loyalty and beliefs that he and his peers adamantly cling to. That's all that Maguire achieves through his performance, and that's no small result. However, it is the kind of investigated discrete performance that is often taken for granted, which is unfortunate; Work like this is worth recognizing and should be recognized. Skeet Ulrich is effective as well as Jack Bull and Jewel (in her film cushioning) becoming an engaging performance like Sue Lee Shelley. It's Jeffrey Wright, who, however, stands out in a remarkably supporting role as Daniel Holt, as well as Jonathan Rhys-Meyers, who brings a chilling Christopher Walken-like threat to his role as Pitt. Also in what volumes a como role (one scene) leaves Mark Ruffalo an indelible impression with very little screen time. The supporting cast includes James Caviezel (Black John), Simon Baker (George Clyde), Tom Guiry (Riley), Tom Wilkinson (Orton Brown), John Ales (Quantrill), John Judd (Otto Roedel) and Kathleen Warfel (Mrs. Chiles) . The Civil War will forever be an open wound on the nation; But hopefully, as time goes on, it will be through the objective considerations of filmmakers such as Ang Lee and films like 'Ride With the Devil' that will ultimately help to close skis and promote healing. In the light of recent events, it is something that is hardly required all over the world. Film is a powerful medium; It can be educational as well as entertaining and perhaps in the future more filmmakers like Ang Lee will embrace and promote a sense of unity through the sensitive depiction of the events and attitudes that make us what we are. 8.10. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />
