Taiwan's instructor Ang Lee, whose earlier films include 'Sense and Sensibility' and 'The Ice Storm', turned to the American Civil War for his latest moves. Based on a novel by Daniel Woodrell, it follows the exploitation of a group of southern guerrillas known as bushwhackers as they struggle with their northern equivalents, jayhawkers in Missouri's backwater. <br /> <br /> As you might expect, there is a lot of visceral action, but the focus is on the excitement the war put on the young men who fought for it - many of them struggling against their former neighbors and even family. Jake Roedel (Tobey Maguire) is such a man, or rather, boy, as he is only seventeen when the war reaches Missouri. He is a son of a German immigrant, but instead of following his countrymen and becoming a Union man, he joins his lifelong friend Jack Bull Chiles (Skeet Ulrich) and rides with bushes. Despite the lack of acceptance due to his ancestors and a reluctance to participate in the murder of unarmed Union men, he remains loyal to the cause. Also his friend Daniel Holt (Jeffrey Wright), a black slave liberated by another bushwhacker and then fighting against the South. <br /> <br /> Lee handles the subject with aplomb and never skips the deep introspection that the plot requires the favor of action, and it gives the film a sense of war reaction - long periods of boredom and waits with occasional flashes of intensely frightening battles . The act is youth-oriented and admirably reverent, recognizing that both parties have committed a great number of atrocities. <br /> <br /> The show is amazing, with Maguire and Wright both brave and worthy. The upcoming Irish actor Jonathan Rhys Meyers is particularly chilling as a cold-blooded killer, while Skeet Ulrich is pleasantly suave and arrogant. Lee never slips from the reality of war, but his actors do an admirable job of showing the good that comes from it - the growth of friendship, the demonstration of courage and the largely release of oppressed peoples. Ride With the Devil is a beautiful and deeply compassionate film that regularly shocks but always moves the audience.
