<br /> <br /> Pending Ang Lee's new movie "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon," I saw this on blockbuster, and I would give it a try. A civil war film is not the typical movie I see. Fortunately, I had a good sense of this director. This movie was wonderfully written. The dialogue is in the old southern style, but does not sound as good and outdated anyway. The spectacular action helped the aspect of the movie. Toby Maguire was wonderful. I thought he was good (but nothing special) in Pleasantville, but here he shines. I have always thought of Skeet Ulrich as a good actor (but nothing special), but here he is also excellent. The big choke for me was Jewel. She was incredibly good. Jeffrey Wright, whom I had never heard of before, is also excellent in this movie. It seems to me that the great play and the great writing and management go hand in hand. A movie with poor writing makes the actors look bad and vice versa. This movie had the perfect combination. The actors look brilliant and character development is spectacular. This movie keeps you wanting and hoping good things for some and bad things for others. It really lets you know the characters, which are all very dynamic and interesting. The plot is complex and keeps you on the edge of your seat and guesses and ready for anything at any time. Literally dozens of times I was sure someone would be killed on silent parts of the movie that was "too quiet" (brilliant control). This was also a beautifully shot movie. The scenery was not breath taking (it is in Missouri and Kansas for goodness sakez) but there was obviously a lot of attention set in choosing great scenery. Has the hard and robust feel, but keeps an elegance that is very comfortable on the eyes. The film was deep. It told a story and made you think. It had layers under the outer civil war history. Specifically, it focused on two characters that were not entirely sure what they were fighting for. There were many more deep questions that were dealt with in this movie, too many to pick out. It was like a beautifully written novel, filled with symbolism and artistic extras that leave you thinking during and after the story is finished. If you like great acting, writing, lots of action, and some of the best instructions ever, watch this movie! Take a chance on it.
