Lightly 9 out of 10 for a film by an instructor we will continue to grow into admiration. But don't watch this movie, which expects to be "entertained". Ang Lee takes an objective look at a relatively unexplored aspect of the civil war. What is beautiful about the movie, like all Lee's films, is that he doesn't "sit" with his characters. He creates signs, illuminates them with life, problems and ambiguities ... and gives them a reality that often hits much closer to home than with many comfortable ones. This movie has action, but it's not for action lovers since the violence is deeply disturbing and far from free. That is, as the characters it is genuine. And, as you would expect of one of mankind's most horrible wars, violence is terrible. But as an exploration of the greater human ambiguity that probably lived in the civil war, it is a masterpiece. Was the War of Slavery and Abolition? Lee seems quite willing to blur the line that is made so popular in portraits such as Blue and Gray. It is also not about idealism, as seen in Gone with the Wind. It is about freedom, the desire to have something that is yours and to fight for it. When you see the characters, you ask yourself "how can they fight to preserve slavery?" The fact is, I don't think they really are, and in that, the film shows the problem of why so many were caught in the flood of the civil war. The fact seems clear that many of the signs we are learning are struggling outside the senses of loyalty to the "home", although they may never have investigated what the home represents or whether they really express their values. The letter scene is very moving and yet subtle. Jake and Daniel are other examples of loyalty stretched to the borders. And when the voltage finally snaps, and these characters suddenly find themselves "free" ... we see the birth of new men. All this blended in with Lee's beautiful incorporation of humanity's environment with breathtaking prospects and frames. Lee has a style that is his, somehow European in his "art" (a slow camera, untouched), Asian in his epicness and history, yet known and readily available to so many in North Americans. /> Relax, let your preconceptions about what the civil war is, what the "western" as a genre is, what a war movie should be ... and let Ang Lee take you into a world that is so fragile, so hard, so true that few of us can see it comfortably. <br /> <br /> In this, Lee continues what he did in Ice Storm. Again, the film is slowly and without apparent "direction" ... a sure sign of Lee's ability to lead without "impressing" himself on the story or screen. His direction is reinforced by what he brings out of the Jewel (yes the singer), a hitherto unconscious actress who puts a great performance. A movie for those who love movies and not lovers of the standard Hollywood epic.
