I've seen this movie twice now on DVD, and both times I failed to impress with its unique impartial attitude. It's more like a portrayal of reality than most other Hollywood fares, especially on a topic that is still being discussed. Although it sticks closely to the southern point of view, it fails to question it, and finally, the only sentence is that the war is lost, no matter what and cruelty is a common denominator. <br /> What really makes this movie excellent is the refusal to over-dramatize. Today, really good movies (in a nutshell) are few and far apart, with regular fare that is fun (if you don't have high expectations), but terribly commercially conscious. I think this movie comes out as a really good movie (without being a masterpiece) because it adheres to itself and gives the viewer a chance to see and analyze it, rather than bombarding him with effect and emotions to wipe out his intelligence. This movie is cool, attentive and generally light-handed in its judgment, which is good. History has its faults, especially Jewel's characters come out of questionable, but again the situation at that time was so chaotic, that for a young widow it might only be logical to somehow come back in a normal life, even by taking every next guy. Still, she does not come out as weak, in fact I think she is one of the stronger characters, she always has control over relationships, while the men just notice. And I take it very gratefully that she is not a crying widow. I believe in a beloved's death in the 19th century was something more normal than now. You could die so easily of even minor diseases and injuries, so the prospect of someone dying while surely causing grief did not traumatize people as it does now. People didn't seem to build sanctuaries about their lost as they do now, and I like that attitude. <br /> <br /> My recommendation is that intelligent people can watch this movie if they are in the mood for something different from the usual Hollywood fare. Beware if you want non-stop action or heart-rental emotions.
