One of the less widely praised of the latest Asian action cases. Gojoe is a first slow and often curious, but extremely amazing offer, exciting, layered and beautiful. I'm sorry to say that I hardly know the Buddhist philosophy or Japanese history and play that surrounds this movie, so its deeper meanings are lost to me, but even without contextual knowledge, this is still rich fare and takes a traditional fantasy structure into an effective higher level. The story is of Benkei, a warrior monk and perhaps demon, seeking enlightenment by destroying the Gojoe Bridge demon: Prince Shanao, even a deadly seeker of his own higher level, but this time the demons power. Thus, the film becomes a question of illusions and in Benkei's case, indecision, a conflict where the real goal is self-knowledge, for Benkei to express itself with his true nature and for Prince Shanao to come face to face with the character of what he looking to stay. Benkei is even more hampered by the fact that his dark nature makes him fundamentally illegal with the world, even when he is not in open conflict, he is never calm. Director Sogo Ishii handles this as an epic, with measured pace, camera work is always stylish and often frenzy, without neglecting the need for quieter moments to let the location sink. There is also a great use of lighting and fog to give an ethereal atmosphere there is a fantasy flight to much of the movie, but outside the overtly supernatural moments it is a down and dirty fantasy with more time-lapse than flying in fancy. The cinematography of Makoto Watanbe is important here, vivid and detailed, a really evocative affair. Daisuke Ryu is worthy and powerful with a mysterious savagery like Benkei, while Tadanobu Asano has a driven, cold arrogance like Prince Shanao. Of the leaders, Masatoshi Nagase rounds things off as an ordinary man, smart and cynical, but still unaware of exactly what the effort is. The movie suits everyone well, but it is sometimes soft, it starts slowly, some pictures are slightly pulled out, and the epic battle scenes sometimes go further than strictly necessary. Regarding the fighting, that movie becomes frenetic rather than actual movements, but it has artistic influence, but can disappoint ordinary action fans, often obscured by objects, flashing knives and fast moving individuals, swirling with deadly power through their opponents, the order of the day is refreshing to see, but in the end I could have done with a little more traditionalism. There are also some unfortunate bloodshed, it seems a little in the context, but it is still distracting. All in all, although I found this to be a really good movie, it is not one of regular action fans or swordplay enthusiasts seeking another Azumi, rather a deeper and more mysterious animal, and its ending will not fall well along with fans of the more generic wing of such fare. But for me it really hit the spot and for the more adventurous inclined it could also do it. Well recommended at least.
