Ogre does not seem to have won himself a very good reputation since its release in 1988, and I assume that one reason for that may be that it was given the subtitle 'Demons 3' to help it sell better. Now the movie is directed by Lamberto Bava; The man behind the first two Demons movies and ogres and demons is something alike (since they are both "monsters" anyway) ... but apart from that, this movie has no connections to the other two movies. However, it is pretty good! Italian filmmakers are famous for tearing off popular movies, and while not quite obvious; It seems to me that this has taken a fair influence from Hellraiser. The plot focuses on a female horror writer who moves with her husband and son to a castle in Italy. She is haunted by memories when she was a child and found an Ogre living in the basement. It is not long after moving into the castle before these visions return ... and it can be more than just a case when she comes to believe there is a murderous oar living in the basement. <br /> <br /> The movie was obviously shot on a budget and it was made for Italian television so it would be unrealistic to expect something brilliant; But for what it is, it is certainly a very decent horror movie. Lamberto Bava must not have the same eye as his father Mario did; But he takes time to build a terrific atmosphere that really complements the movie well. The central setting, a great castle, is the perfect place for a story like this to take place in, and Lamberto makes the most of it; although it involves tearing off superior movies at times; such as the Inferno style pool. The plot itself is not as good as the atmosphere, as several scenes are extracted too long, and the relationship between the characters is rather strange (especially between husband and wife). There is not much bloodshed, but Bava gets a little to do with the special effects. Ogre itself looks really stupid, and it is a good job that we do not see it very often. We boil down to a suitable one if it is very predictable, ending and generally I have to say that this movie is much better than expected and comes recommended.
