To anyone who hasn't seen this movie yet, I have a friendly warning: don't see "La Casa dell'Orco" who expects any demons at all, because you don't find them here. This movie is not a third installment for the "Demons" series and it has nothing to do with it at all, except for the fact that Lamberto Bava instructed them. In fact, Michele Soavi's "The Church" is also known as an unofficial "Demons 3" and it is also a fraudulent title, so go figure. Obviously, because of the "Demons" movie success; they tried to deceive the audience with misleading titles, although it is obvious that this is an interrupted story. That said, I think it is unfair on the other hand to say that "La Casa dell'Orco" is not worth looking at. Actually, the movie is quite atmospheric, and although there are a few unintentional hilarious situations, I thought it was really scary on the whole. Nevertheless, I think it's fair to say that the story somehow tries to imitate Lucio Fulci's "The House by The Cemetery". Of course, it's just a speculation I have, but I think I have my valid evidence. In both films, Paolo Marco is for example. The family member, in both films, is an annoying little son named Bobby. In both films, the house woman is a beautiful thirty things, which seems to be the only one to see that there is something really wrong in the new house, and in both films there is something really, really wrong in the basement. I'm sorry, but I can relate both movies very easily, and I don't say that as an accusation. On the contrary, my point is that those who enjoy "The House by the Cemetery" will probably also enjoy this movie, remembering, of course, that "La Casa dell'Orco" is much less pretentious, less scary, not so atmospheric, but the formula is still there. <br /> <br /> In "La Casa dell'Orco", Charel, her husband Tom and their little son, Bobby, go on a vacation trip to an old deserted castle, located in the heart of an Italian villa called Trifiri. Charel begins to feel that she has been there before, which is impossible given that she had never before been in Trifiri before, leaving her beauty shortly after their arrival. Unfortunately, Charel cannot come across her déjà vu, and the worst part is that her visions come together with the image of a horrible creature that goes after her. Tom, who is not a very patient guy at first, advises her to leave the rambling hallucinations and enjoy the holidays. But the woman's visions are becoming more and more real, and the peace and quiet they should enjoy is suddenly becoming a living nightmare. The old nightmare of Charles's childhood will be right, and this time she will not be able to escape without confronting the threatening anger first. As expected, the plot shows somehow a little simplified and as a result it is difficult to fill one and a half hours. This means that "La Casa dell'Orco" offers more than a few sequences with nothing but total silence and the protagonist's image, walking around the castle for several minutes, reviving the pictures of her childhood and nothing else. It gets pretty boring from time to time, but in general it's nothing serious. Like many Italian horror films that came out in the late 80's, this movie is pretty stylish and effective, but it also offers a nice selection of unintentional fun moments that make the movie unforgettable in a way. The part where Charel was brutally beaten by his husband and instead of going to her bedroom, crying as I would have expected, she hit back against him by striking him on the face really hard and running away to the forest like a madman. The funniest thing, however, is the fact that two minutes later they are a good pair again, as if they were punching one another, was the most natural in the world. I know it's silly, but I even found it funny. Ogre (who is obviously the villain of the story) also looks crazy and funny at the same time and let's look it up: a villain who can make us laugh a little, it's twice as welcome. It reminded me of Michael Jackson in "Thriller", but much more natural and human, of course. But if you focus on the really good aspects that I mentioned before: The music composed by Simon Boswell is one of the highlights and although it is almost always the same, it fits perfectly and it helps create a rather dark atmosphere at the moment of excitement. So if I have to give my final opinion on this movie, I have to say that I can't help loving it, including the small mistakes and most people who enjoy these typical Italian horror films from the late eighties didn't win be disappointed with this one. It has all the typical and always well-received clichés that the crazy old man who actually speaks the truth, the foxy local woman who is said to be a witch, a creepy castle, a huge dark cellar with a terrible secret and the locals peoples trying to prevent tourists from their hostility, to stay away from the infamous countries. I would say that "La Casa dell'Orco" deserves two thumbs up and a blow on your spouse's face, as a way of celebrating the heroine of history. Take this movie for what it is and enjoy it.
