"Anchors Aweigh" is the product of the classic MGM musical production unit, and on the whole, the film is enjoyable ?? good music by Jule Styne and others, excellent dance by Gene Kelly (and even an acceptable job by Frank Sinatra), and a fun functioning script. The only major element I would criticize would be the casting of Kathryn Grayson whose presence in a movie always means that the audience will be subjected to endless pseudo-operative warbling from the petite miss. <br /> <br /> Kelly plays a naval serviceman named Joseph Brady, a man with a mythical reputation around the ship as a lover, but whose Valentino charm is constantly dampened by the presence of his smaller biscuit with the unlikely Central American name Clarence ( Sinatra). After receiving 3 days of beach law to save Clarence's life, Joe reluctantly agrees to help Clarence find a girl based on the dubious premise that he owes him something to save his life. They are made by a police officer (Rags Ragland) who needs them to help assemble a perishable young boy (Dean Stockwell) who wants to join the fleet to come home to "Aunt Susan" (Grayson) . Initially, Clarence is interested in arousing "Aunt Susan", but eventually Kelly's character emerges as the more likely candidate. <br /> <br /> There are several standout musical scenes, but nothing to come close to Kelly's more famous work in films such as "Singin 'in the Rain" and "American in Paris". The closest we get is a gimmicky sequence with Kelly's character in a fantasy sequence dancing with Jerry, the mouse from "Tom and Jerry" (though he seems closer to a dog or cat than to a mouse). It is a spectacular sequence for its time, but does not have enough complexity or emotion to really stand the time test. I actually enjoyed those parts of the sequence that took place prior to the animation, where Kelly used semi-ballet movements to emphasize the transition to the fantasy world and where we see him dancing down a tunnel that looks like something straight out of "Alice in Wonderland". Possibly the characters find their way to Susan's favorite bar, a somewhat sanitized Mexican restaurant / bar in Tijuana. Fortunately, lawmakers allow Mrs Grayson to sack her arias with abandonment, and the management is thrilled with the opportunity that Clarence and Joe have expanded to sing with their "friend" Jose Iturbi (playing with a slightly humorous touch). Of course, they have never met their "friend" Iturbi, and they use much of the film's length and try to reach him (in a funny scene, Sinatra's character Iturbi is retrieved but fails him to a piano tuner and encourages him to abandon piano tuning and try a professional career), sneak into the studio and the Hollywood Bowl, where Iturbi repeats a surreal symphony of dozens of young piano players ?? You haven't seen anything like this outside of "1000 Fingers of Dr. T". Iturbi itself is a kind of god figure in history ?? he represents the possibility of salvation from the enchantment of unfulfilling work and the possibility of fame and artistic achievement for the heroine. Everyone is 100% sure that as soon as Mr. Iturbi as much as hearing Mrs Grayson, becomes her operational career a reality. The 3 primary characters are desperate to reach him, and they think of him as a kind of distant and distant mythological figure ?? Much of the film's charm and humor comes from the contrast of this view to the maestro's very down-to-earth "real" ways. And about Iturbi's contribution to the film, he also gives a very stimulating musical moment with his orchestral interpretation of "Donkey Serenade". <br /> <br /> When all is said and done, it is a movie that no one who enjoys musicals would like to miss. Most of the music was written for this movie, a good contrast to recycled soundtracks for other Kelly opus like "Rain" and "American". Kelly is still at her early top, adventurous and boisterous in both his dances and his interpretation of the character. Sinatra's voice was never in better shape, and he rarely had better songs to sing. Stockwell is a charming addition to the clan, and Grayson's character is endearing when not on stage. Iturbi adds the well-grounded but sophisticated tone that perfectly matches the atmosphere and style of the classic era MGM musical. This is one of the better ones.
