Although, in my opinion, one of the smaller musicals of the stars Frank Sinatra, Gene Kelly, Kathryn Grayson and director George Sidney, a lesser musical with someone from that line-up is nothing to sneeze at and in line with -up makes anchor Aweigh a pretty good movie despite its mistakes. <br /> <br /> Sinatra and Kelly are Clarence Doolittle and Joseph Brady, respectively, two marine men. When the movie begins, they just pull into the Los Angeles area for a much-needed vacation. Brady plans to visit a girlfriend named Lola. Doolittle is still a little wet behind the ears, adequate enough and seeking advice on women from Brady in private (publicly, screenwriter Isobel Lennart and Sidney, all Navy men comically exaggerate their finesse with women to each other). Brady promises to help get Doolittle connected, but primarily because Doolittle won't leave him alone. A kink is put in their plans when the local police force them to help with a young boy obsessed with the fleet. He will not give the police any information about who he is or where he lives. Brady helps and he and Doolittle end up taking the boy home. When the boy's guardian, Susan Abbott (Grayson) finally turns out, Doolittle goes for her. Brady tries to convince him to forget her; Brady just wants to come back to Lola. But they continue to come back to Abbot's home, and eventually make up a love triangle. Things become more complicated when Brady is about Doolittle and knows a famous musician, Jose Iturbi, who lives in a movie studio, claiming that Doolittle has set up an audition for Abbott, a singer and actress in front of Iturbi. Because of the story, the music is a strange combination of militaristic music - because of the Navy premise, of course Broadway pop - what the stars tend to sing in more informal surroundings, opera - what Abbot's character stands for, Liberace-like popular classic - what iturbi did and mexican music - because Abbott discovers a mexican restaurant in a mexican part of LA combination doesn't seem as good as it could. Lots of songs are good and everyone involved is certainly talented as a singer or musician, but the genre jumps tends to lose context. Worse, there are a few showcases to Iturbi, which apparently was a big star at the time that effectively put the plot to an end and it seems more than a little hokey at this time. I just watched another movie that happens to have outstanding music, Robert Altman's Kansas City (1996), but it was mistakenly stopped to become a concert movie. Anchor Aweigh takes a similar tactic. Yes, it is a musical, but there is a difference between songs that propel and are integrated into the plot and concert shows that resemble contractual commitment material. <br /> <br /> There are also some plot issues. It is not very well established why Brady is so against Doolittle's pursuit of Abbott. We can guess that Brady thinks Doolittle shouldn't get involved with someone who has to take care of a child and who works relatively "right" and traditionally, but on the other hand, Brady can tell that Doolittle doesn't have the same womanizing disposition that Brady admits herself. Abbott seems like a good fit for Doolittle, and in addition, Lennart is working hard to conclude that Brady just wants to get Doolittle out of his hair and continue to meet Lola - it seems that Brady's character should quickly pawning Doolittle off at any candidate whether she is comfortable or not. This may seem like a minor detail, but it is actually hinged for about one third to one half of the plot. The story also seems a bit pronounced. Length is a problem. Anchor Aweigh, bell for about two hours and twenty minutes, should have been cut down by at least half an hour. The above certainly sounds like I'm complaining about the movie too much to justify a 8. I just wanted to emphasize what I see as a mistake, because the conventional wisdom on anchor Aweigh is much closer to the idea that it is not wrong. <br /> <br /> Sinatra, Kelly and Grayson are certainly charismatic, separate and together. They turn into good, interesting performances. Sinatra looks and seems much younger than his actual age of 29? During recording. He plays an unusually naive, virgin character - quite different from most roles he would take later and differently than his public image as a crooner. For Kelly, this was his breakthrough movie, and rightly so. His choreography is varied and impressive, like his plays. Grayson is charming, her performance is sophisticated and she is simply beautiful. All this helps to override the errors with the script and the extracted pacing. <br /> <br /> And there is even a very interesting element that probably only occurs because Sidney was allowed to spread over a wide variety of moods - the infamous Kelly dance with Jerry Mouse (by "Tom and Jerry "fame" in an expanded fantasy sequence. This is one of the earliest examples of combining live action and animation, and it is extremely well done and enjoyable as long as you are a fan of fantasy. The fantasy sequences tend to be the best of the movie. Matching top quality to the dance with Jerry, the mouse is a long song and dance number with Kelly and Grayson, where Brady depicts Abbott in a stage movie while waiting for her and has to resort to acrobatic stunts to reach her physically as she stands on a high balcony. <br /> <br /> As uneven and flawed as the movie is, it is virtually successful and entertaining to watch. Fans of classical musicals should definitely not miss Anchor's Aweigh and neither Sinatra fans who get any kick out of his character.
