This movie (as Astaire's ROYAL WEDDING - which appeared after it on the Turner Classic Network last night) is famous for a single musical sequence that has been seated in Gene Kelly's record: As Fred Astaire dances with a clothes rack and later dances on the room. walls and ceiling, this movie had Gene Kelly danced in a cartoon sequence with Jerry Mouse. The sequence is neatly finished. What is forgotten is that Kelly tells the story behind the character sequence to Dean Stockwell and his fellow students at a break today and sets the scene for the sequence by having Stockwell and the others close their eyes and imagine a pastoral type of background. Kelly even changes the navy blues he actually wears in a white "Pomeranian" navy uniform with blue stripes on it. Jerry Mouse does more than dance with Gene. He actually speaks - a first, which he did not repeat for many decades. He also finally puts Tom Cat in his right place - Tom appears briefly as King Jerry's butler and tries to cheer him with a cheese plate. <br /> <br /> But the cartoon character with Kelly took about seven minutes of the movie. Far more of this peculiar movie is taken up with Kelly's story of the lost four-day birthday in Hollywood, and how Kelly ends up meeting Katherine Grayson and (with Frank Sinatra) stalking Jose Iturbi at MGM's movie studio, Hollywood Bowl and Iturbi's own home . Apart from the fact that the two sailors do not mean any harm, this film could have been quite disturbing. <br /> <br /> Kelly has saved Sinatra's life in the Pacific and thus gets a medal. They are both among the crew members back in California who get a four day vacation. But the screenwriters (to propagate what would be a short film - Kelly plans to spend four days with sex with a "Lola", an unseen good time in Hollywood) Saddle Gene with Frank. <br /> <br /> It seems that Frank is one of those idiots who are filming films by filmmakers (especially musical comedies) who are socially underdeveloped and in need of "instruction" to meeting girls (or guys whose characters are women). Frank insists that the gene helps "teach him" how to get a girl. Just then, a policeman takes them to headquarters to help the police with a little boy (Stockwell) who insists on joining the fleet (and will not give the police their real name and address). When a protestant Kelly can get this information out of Stockwell by asking him some questions (which the police could not ask), they insist Kelly on taking the boy home to his aunt (Grayson). Still protesting, Kelly is having increasingly complicated problems (mostly because of Sinatra's simplistic mind-set of things). He misses seeing Lola the next day by sleeping late - Sinatra felt he looked so peaceful that he didn't wake him. He continues to retreat to Grayson's house when Sinatra feels she is the right woman for herself, but needs Kelly to train him in love. <br /> <br /> I suppose my presentation of the plot may annoy fans of ANCHORS AWEIGH, but I find this kind of story annoying. While song and dance and concert music by Kelly, Sinatra, Grayson and Iturbi are first rate, it is annoying to take the idiots of someone like Sinatra's character seriously. In the real world, Kelly would have put hell out of him in the beginning to follow him at the beginning of the four-day course - which right he has to insist (as Sinatra does) that one who saves their lives must help him to learn how to date? That kind of crap always destroys the overall influence of a musical for me - unless the songs are so superior that I get forgotten this kind of nonsense. It is also annoying that Iturbi stalker. Kelly tries to get Grayson to like Sinatra when he says that Sinatra can get her a meeting with Jose Iturbi to audition her song friend. Too much of the rest of the picture, Sinatra and Kelly are trying to do so, and continue to be floundering (at some point - for no good reason - destroying Grayson Kelly's attempt to get an interview with MGM with Iturbi). It is only good luck (that Iturbi feels sorry for an embarrassed Grayson) that she gives him an audition of her talent. <br /> <br /> Kelly, by the way, ends with Grayson. Sinatra's conscience of not being able to help her see Iturbi makes him ashamed that he is disturbing her (but doesn't pull Kelly into it, oddly enough) and meanwhile, he accidentally stumbles to meet a waitress (Pamela Britton) from his original Brooklyn. And of course, without the help of Kelly, Sinatra and Britton fall in love. Ah, "consistency"! Your name is not "screenwriting" necessarily!
