Joseph Brady and Clarence Doolittle are two sailors who have a four-day beach vacation in Hollywood. You know all about girls and can't wait to see Lola while Clarence is a shyer and needs some advice from her friend on how to meet girls. They then run into a little boy, Donald Martin, who has jumped away to join the fleet. They take him home and meet his beautiful Aunt Susan, who will be a singer. Clarence wants Susie to be his girl, but his shame gets in the way. But he does not feel shy with a waitress coming from Brooklyn as he does. Son Joe notes he is in love with Susie. The boys are in a solution when they lie to Susie at a meeting with a big time music producer they don't even know. As they are in a solution with their feelings. George Sidney's Anchors Aweigh (1945) is a great musical comedy. Gene Kelly is once again in her song and dance routines.Frank Sinatra is great as the shy guy from Brooklyn.She is not the first thing to think when you think of Frank Sinatra, but he plays his role well. Katy Grayson is amazing as Susan Abbott. Unfortunately, we lost this gifted actress and operator soprano singer last month at the age of 88. The 9-year-old Dean Stockwell does great work as the little guy who wants to become a sailor. jose iturbi does good work that does itself. it is magical what he does with the piano. However, Kennedy plays chief of police station.Sara Berner is the voice of Jerry Mouse.There are many good things in this movie and some amazing singing and dancing songs. Just look at Kelly and Sinatra who perform "We Hate to Leave". It's so energetic. "If you knew Susie (like I know Susie)," it's fun. It's a good moment when Frank sings Brahms' Lullaby to little Dean Stockwell. It's great to hear Grayson singing tango'Jalousy '. The most memorable sequence is the one that enters the animated fantasy world, and that sings and dances with Jerry Mouse. Also Tom Cat is seen there as a butler. They originally looked bored Mickey Mouse, but he refused. The movie was nominated for five Oscars, but Georgie Stoll got one for Original Music Score. Anchors Aweigh is some high class entertainment.
