ANCHORS AWEIGH sees two keen young sailors, Joe Brady (Gene Kelly) and Clarence Doolittle / Brooklyn (Frank Sinatra), getting a special four-day shore holiday. Are eager to come to the girls, especially Joe's Lola, neither Joe nor Brooklyn figure on the interruption of the little navy Donald (Dean Stockwell) and his Aunt Susie (Kathryn Grayson). Unexperienced in ways of women and courting, Brooklyn quickly enchants Joe to help him win Auntie Susie over. Along the way, Joe finds himself falling into madness, which he thinks belongs to his best friend. How should Brooklyn take this betrayal? And joins Joe with Susie, who also loves him? <br /> <br /> The first and second time I saw ANCHORS AWEIGH, I saw it at the same time as I did in town, Kelly / Sinatra collaboration from 1949. Both times I felt that ANCHORS AWEIGH was the best movie in terms of plotting and structure - all dances and songs fit the moment of the plot, and they develop characters and history rather than hinder them. But both times I came away and felt that in the city the best movie is gathered. After watching both movies a third time, I still stand by this judgment. Somehow in the city, like movies and entertainment, it's just easier, gay, clean, and simple * happier *. The figures are more monstrous and less integrated in the plot, and yet it works better than everyone dancing and singing in ANCHORS AWEIGH. I'm not quite sure why this is. The typical argument is that the latter movie is over-long: for almost two and a half hours, this is certainly a valid criticism for doing. I certainly felt the length the first two times I saw it! But it's also a movie that grows on you - the more you see it, the shorter it feels, and the more you value the technical masters involved in its production. And yet nothing just hangs together. It almost feels as if the manuscript was pored over, and * every single moment when Kelly could break into dance or Sinatra in song was recorded, and that was exactly what happened. No opportunity was given to get a shoehorn for a song, and that is probably the film's greatest weakness. It has 16 numbers (give or take a few), and no matter how big a fan you are of Kelly or Sinatra, this really starts to become a feeling after a while. (Contrast this with the ten numbers in ON THE CITY.) It may be that every song, every dance, can't be taken out of the movie without letting it be missing ... and that's true. But that is also because the authors were no longer prevented from adding them in the first place. <br /> <br /> All this long preamble doesn't mean there's no good about ANCHORS AWEIGH. The musical * is * splashy with beautiful songs bursting everywhere, like the duets between Kelly and Sinatra ('We hate leaving', 'I bend her' and 'if you knew Susie'), Sinatra's sins Make the sunset, 'the charm of You 'and best of all,' I fall in love with easily ') and without a doubt the ever-inventive, always breathtaking dance of Kelly. It is also hard to miss with a caste of this caliber. Grayson is sweet and seems to improve upon each view (her voice becomes stunning rather than scary); Jose Iturbi's role is written sympathetically and he does a good job with it; even Clarence's own Brooklyn, Pamela Britton, is sweet and charming ... as close as you could to Betty Garrett without being Garrett herself! Sinatra is adorable with the blue eyes and curls of his and plays the innocent boy wonderfully (a role he represents in ON THE TOWN). His song is, as usual, simply unclear from termination to timing and phrasing. His solo speech may seem like a little, but when you have a century of voice, it is as good as a reason to slow down the rest of the movie! <br /> <br /> Gene Kelly's pure genius in this movie is worthy of his own section. Third in billing behind Sinatra and Grayson respectively, ANCHORS AWEIGH is really Kelly's movie. His Joe Brady is a trustworthy, genuine character - he is tough on the outside, glib and willing to lie when needed to win a mad, but he is actually the biggest softy on the inside. Kelly makes this charming rather than cloying, but also gives Joe a real edge that you see on stage when Joe chases Brooklyn around the room with a real murderous look on his face and his morning board in his hands. And * the dance * - again, the movie suffers from 'too much of a good thing pampering the effect' syndrome as it does with Sinatra song. But once again, if it is Gene Kelly who makes the softshoe or taps across the screen in a victorious outfit or dressed as a banditch manager ... might as well fail on the side of exaggerating it! All Kelly's dances are breathtaking, be it the prized simplicity of his banana number with Sinatra for 'In Begged Her', his 'Mexican Hat Dance' with the sweet wide-eyed little girl or his lavish Spanish-influenced dance 'La Cumparsita'. Of course, the classic image left in the audience's minds all the time will be Kelly in his red, white and blue sailor outfit, dancing with Jerry Mouse of 'Tom & Jerry' fame. A well-deserved gold film memory, surely - it's not often you can say that you are impressed by the special effects of a film made in 1945 when CGI was saturated in the modern film market. But Gene and Jerry still look good, with Kelly always hit his spots and looking exactly where to look. It should turn out that only the only people who could really stop using Gene Kelly would be Kelly himself (in COVER GIRL) and a cartoon animation. <br /> <br /> It is undoubtedly that this first bold, inventive Kelly dance with Jerry has reserved a place for ANCHORS AWEIGH in film history and the hearts of classic movie buffs. But it is also remarkable for being the first of three Kelly / Sinatra film collaborations, and though it is too pronounced, still a good few hours of entertainment. See it first, then again and maybe again - it grows on you before you realize it! 7.5 / 10
