The arrival of white men in Arctic Canada challenges the freedom of a terrible ESKIMO hunter. <br /> <br /> W. S. Van Dyke, MGM's peripatetic director, was responsible for this fascinating look at life in the Arctic among Inuit. His production was on site filming from April 1932 to November 1933 (although some annoying rear projection effects show that some of the shootings took place back on the studio). While we are considered a documentary at that time, we would probably describe it as a "docudrama" as it is written with a fascinating plot and storyline. <br /> <br /> The film shows the daily life of Eskimo, both winter and summer, and actually starts in the warmer time of year without snow or ice in sight. The constant pursuit of food is depicted, and the viewer gets to see the exciting hunt for walrus, polar bear, whale and caribou. The mother tongue is used throughout, with the use of title cards; the only English is spoken by the fishermen and Mounties encountered by Eskimo. In fact, the white men's arrival, both good and bad, and the change they make to the Eskimo community, is an important element of the story. <br /> <br /> This Pre-Code movie deals with a refreshing frank way with the Eskimo moral code, especially with their practice of gender division, which was an important and completely innocent part of their culture. In fact, the whole movie can be appreciated as a valuable glance at a lifestyle that quickly disappeared, even in the early 1930s. None of the players get screen credits, which is a shame as there are some notable performances. Prominent among them is Ray Wise, who plays Mala Eskimo's leading role. Wise (1906-1952) was an Alaskan native of Inuit ancestors and is absolutely beautiful and completely credible in what was a very demanding part. As beautiful as any Hollywood star, he would continue to perform the name Ray Mala in an occasional film career, often in small unbilled roles. The lovely Japanese Hawaiian actress Lotus Long plays Mala loyal second wife; The names of the fine actresses playing their two other wives are now unclear. Director Woody Van Dyke stepped in front of the cameras as a strict north-west police inspector. The two decent Mounties to deliver Mala to Canadian justice are played by Joe Sawyer and Edgar Dearing, both longtime movie character actors. The Danish author Peter Freuchen, on whose books the film was based, has a short living role as an evil wooden-legged sea captain, who unfortunately praises Mala's icy anger.
