D.W. Griffith could have made any movie he wanted for the huge economic success of the 'Nation's Birth'; He chose to make the most technically ambitious film to that date, 'intolerance'. He took a risk with such innovations in film montage and form, and the well-known financial wreckage resulted. Buster Keaton does not take that kind of risk with 'Three Ages', a parody of 'Intolerance'. This is Keaton's first feature film (he has only acted in 'The Saphead'). He had the drawback to share the three episodes in this movie in three separate shorts, which Griffith did with 'Intolerance'. Keaton did not need. Chaplin had already succeeded in function-long comedies, so if Keaton took a risk here, it was completely calculated. <br /> <br /> Chaplin had already made a parody of another movie with 'Burlesque on Carmen' (1915). Keaton also seems to refer to that movie. The wrestling scene in the ancient Roman episode refers to sword fighting that turns into a wrestling match in Chaplin's film. The comical distance from the plot of both scenes is the same too. In addition, Chaplin's film mimicked the shiny style of DeMille's 'Carmen', and Chaplin's film seemed a tribute to that movie. Keaton does not attempt the radical editing, narrative structure or monumental character of his parody, but it nevertheless looks respectful of 'intolerance'. At least the stories are not exactly told as in other post-'Intolerance' films, such as Dreyer's 'Leaves from Satan's Book' (Blade of Satan's Moss, 1921) and Fritz Lang's 'Destiny' (Der Müde Tod, 1921). There are some mild jumping back and forth between episodes. <br /> <br /> However, where Keaton took risks, he is in his physical, bold comedy. It is Keaton unintentionally failed to skip buildings in the modern episode. Reported he was convinced to change the scene instead of trying the jump again. And it wasn't just Keaton who took risks; For example, the anachronistic baseball gag was quite dangerous. Thus, although Keaton, like Griffith, in another way took risks with his big movie. And I think they both succeeded.
