There are not many over-the-odds stories that resemble Christy Brown. Born with cerebral palsy in the 1930s Dublin, his parents believed his disability was mental as well as physical. Although eventually diagnosed, Brown, in a lower working class family of nearly 20 children, had to push himself just to be appreciated by his family. Through the use of his only fully functioning limb, his left leg, he learned to write and paint himself, both skills he developed professionally. <br /> <br /> But what makes the movie version of Brown's autobiography "My Left Foot" such a great story is its humility. Both director / writer Jim Sheridan and star Daniel Day-Lewis have managed to tell this story in a way that does not scream for attention and resort to the melodrama. Cheesy fights and frustration scenes as well as glorious moments of minute victory are light pitfalls of a story so miraculous, but "My left foot" remains true and intrinsically inspired. <br /> <br /> Day-Lewis is the easiest to highlight. Playing someone with such serious physical disabilities must be a demanding task. Not only does Day-Lewis give us a very complete picture of Christy, but he also manages to crown growth, improvement, and inner change of character in various stages of his life. He plays Christy at 5pm when he had limited language skills and was emotionally fleeting as brittle as he does to intellectually taught Christy who is struggling to cope with why he cannot find non-platonic love. The latter theme is the movie's strongest and it would have been nice for Sheridan and co-adapter Shane Connaughton to really meat it out. Whether Day-Lewis makes us understand and sympathize with all these elements, give a performance so credible that you often don't have time to think "wow, he's such a great actor." These are the most commendable performances. <br /> <br /> Also important, but through more subtle means, Sheridan's work on the movie. This story is about daily life and struggle. Although Christy has such a large set of relationships that impedes his life, his struggle is not unlike our own, and Sheridan fully understands this concept. Christy struggles with love, parental attention, self-esteem and abilities. His struggle is more physically manifested (literally and figuratively) than ours. <br /> <br /> Sheridan gives us moments that capture the spirit of the great Brown family and Christy's unique place in it. The drama develops naturally when the tensions are highest, and humor comes in the same way. The dinner scene when Christy learns that his doctor / teacher - the woman he loves - must marry his brother Peter is the best example of both the Day-Lewis and Sheridan's efforts. It's built so well by Sheridan that it comes out when we're ready, and Day-Lewis takes us from there with his amazing work. The other strong component of the film is Brenda Fricker as wife. Brown. I didn't know she had won Oscar, but there was something about her performances as Christy's loving and clever mother who just screamed Oscar-worthy. Her love for Christy and constantly fighting for him just seems so convincing and fervent and she earns much sympathy for her situation. The emotional blow in the movie that is given the story is surprisingly minimal. Perhaps it was part of the victims trying to make a movie that feels organic human. The two must be compatible, but I imagine it is challenging to tell a story that feels true to life and one that gives enough dramatic moments to take our feelings on a roller coaster. The choice to downplay the latter was definitely the wisdom of "My left foot". Brown's circumstances speak for themselves - they don't have to be pushed for more dramatic impact. <br /> <br /> ~ Steven C <br /> Visit my site moviemusereviews.com for more
