A well-known film phenomenon from the late eighties and early 1990s was the number of Oscars that went to actors who played signs that were either physically or mentally handicapped. The first was Marlee Matlin's award for "Children of a Little God" in 1986, and the next ten years would see another "Best Actress" award (Holly Hunter for "The Piano" in 1994) and no less than five "Best Actor "Awards (Dustin Hoffman in 1988 for" Rain Man ", Daniel Day-Lewis in 1989 for" My Left Foot ", Al Pacino in 1992 for" Woman's Fragrance ", Tom Hanks in 1994 for" Forrest Gump "and Geoffrey Rush in 1996 for "Shine") for portrayals of disabled people. Matlin, who played a deaf, is deaf himself, but all the others are capable. <br /> <br /> This phenomenon made some negative comment at the time, suggesting that these prices were given more to political correction than to the quality of the actor. When Jodie Foster was unable to win "Best Actress" for "Nell" in 1994, some people saw this as a sign of a setback against this kind of depiction. But my opinion is that the majority of these prices were deserved. I thought the 1992 prize should have gone to either Clint Eastwood or Robert Downey instead of Pacino, but apart from that, the only one I did not agree with would have been Hanks, and that was because I preferred Nigel Hawthorne's performance in "The Madness of King George". In that film, Hawthorne naturally played a character that was mentally ill. <br /> <br /> "My left foot" was based on the autobiography of Irish writer and painter Christy Brown. Brown was born in 1931, one of the thirteen children in a working class Dublin family. He was born with cerebral palsy and was initially mistakenly considered mentally handicapped as well. He had long been unable to consciously move or speak, but eventually discovered that he could control the movements of part of his body, his left foot (hence the title). He learned to write and draw by holding a piece of chalk between his toes and continuing to become a painter and a published writer and poet. Life in the working class Dublin in the thirties and eighties could be difficult, and the city of Jim Sheridan (even a Dubliner) shows us here is in many ways a cloudy, gray and cheerful place, very different from our normal idea of ​​"Emerald Isle". (Sheridan and Day-Lewis would later collaborate on another movie with an Irish theme, "in the Father's Name"). However, one must put his people's cheerfulness and spirit, especially the brown family. Much of Christy's success was due to the support he received from his parents who refused to let him be institutionalized and always believed in intelligence hidden under a crippled exterior and from his siblings. We see how his brothers used to drive him around in a custom-made wagon and how they helped their walls to build Christy's own room in their backyard. <br /> <br /> The movie could easily have entered into sentimentality and ended up as another heart-warming "triumph over adversity" movie. That is not due to a number of factors, mainly the grand play. During his career, Day-Lewis has provided a number of fine performances, but it is with his recent "There Will Be Blood" his best. He is never less than 100% convincing as Christie; His tortured, jerky movements and strained attempts at speech persuade us that we really see a disabled person, even though we are intellectually aware that Day-Lewis is motionless. The other performances that stand out are from Fiona Shaw as his mentor Dr Eileen Cole, from Hugh O'Conor as the young Christy and from Brenda Fricker as Christy's mother (who won her the "Best Supporting Actress" award). <br /> <br /> The second reason why the movie escapes sentimentality is that it does not attempt to sentimentalize the protagonist. Christy Brown had a hard life, but he could also be hard to live with, and the film gives us a "wart and all" portrait. He was a heavy drinker, given to spooky language and prone to outbursts of anger. He could also be selfish and manipulative of those around him, and the film shows us all these aspects of his character. Of course, it also shows us the positive aspects - his courage, his determination and his evil sense of humor. Day-Lewis plays are not only physically convincing because it persuades us to believe in his character's disability, but also emotionally and intellectually convincingly, bringing out all these different facets of Christy's character. His Oscar was won in the teeth by a very strong opposition from Robins Williams and Kenneth Branagh, but it was deserved. 8.10
