Daniel Day-Lewis is Christy Brown, a victim of cerebral palsy using "My Left Foot" to write and paint in this incredible 1989 movie. The film also stars Brenda Fricker as Christy's mother, Ray McAnally, Fiona Shaw and Hugh O'Conor. Their amazing performances, amazing script and wonderful direction by Jim Sheridan help paint a vivid portrait of Christy Brown, an artist and writer who died in 1981 at the age of 49. <br /> <br /> Brown was born in a lower middle class Catholic family where his mother was constantly pregnant (22 children in total, 13 of whom survived). His father considered Christy mentally retarded as well as physically handicapped, but he would not allow his son to enter a home. The children in the family would dismiss him every day when they went to school, and then his mother would give him birth and talk to him. <br /> <br /> In the film, Fricker creates a sense of a woman who, despite being surrounded by a large family, needs someone to talk to. Christy doesn't speak back. Finally, a cart for him to ride in has been found, and the neighborhood kids, all of whom have known him since being a baby, include him in all their activities. The only part of his body that works really well is his left foot, and when the kids find out how well he is kicking, they put him in football matches for that very purpose. One of the best parts of the movie is the relaxed way the other children treat him. <br /> <br /> There are many powerful scenes, but none as powerful as Christy writes "Mother" on the floor with a piece of chalk between his toes. "He is a sandy brown," says his father, lifting him on his shoulders and carrying him to the pub. Go into the pub, he says: "My son is a genius." Things change when Christy gets older because he has the wishes and feelings of a young boy. He develops crushes, rejects and goes into himself, turning to painting. Eventually he goes into therapy in a nearby clinic and works with a therapist, Eileen (Fiona Shaw) at home. He falls in love with her. When he finds out she is engaged, he almost gets mad. But he survives to live, paint, write (three books in all) and to love again. Because it is a movie, certain things need to be omitted and characters combined. Brown was not actually diagnosed with cerebral palsy for some time, which was omitted by the film. The therapist Eileen is actually a combination of three important therapeutic figures in Christy's life, and although we know that his mother thought he had a good mind, she worked really hard with Christy when he was a child who taught him the alphabet, etc. Even before Mary, Christy had a 12-year relationship with the woman, whom he dedicated "my left foot". And the typical Hollywood ending, 9 years before his death, where neglect of his wife may have been a factor, does not end the story. <br /> <br /> After all, Christy Brown's biopic is incredibly powerful, all the more because of two performances: Hugh O'Conor as young Christy and Daniel Day-Lewis as the adult Christy. O'Conor's facial expressions and the way he draws his curvy body are gut-cutting. One is exhausted for him and heart failure at the same time. And what can you say about Daniel Day-Lewis, one of the world's largest players? He brings Christy to life, a full flesh, intelligent man able to swear, get angry, bitter, drunk, upset, lying, funny and loving. A well-deserved Oscar won the same year that Tom Cruise was nominated for "Born on the 4th of July". I remember someone writing a letter to the editor somewhere where Cruise was so sensational, what was wrong with the academy? Uh, nothing for a change. Nothing at all. <br /> <br /> Brenda Fricker is great as Christy's mother, who never stops believing in him and what he can do and holding his family and husband together during the hard times. The wonderful thing about Fricker's performance is that support, love and work ethic seem to come naturally to the mother. The sign would never regard itself as a heroine or as someone doing something out of the ordinary. Fricker shows us a religious but not a fanatic woman who thinks her duties on earth must be a good wife and mother. And whatever, even when her husband is out of work, she throws her daughter out of the house to be pregnant, whatever she manages. She saves money for Christy's wheelchair, she receives pictures of her daughter and the child, she starts building a room for Christy in the back of the house. All parts of a day's work. A performance worthy of the Oscar she received. Brown's life was more complicated than this inspirational movie, but this is a great achievement by everyone involved and a must-see.
