DANIEL DAY-LEWIS does a remarkable job of playing Christy Brown, the artist who grew up with cerebral palsy, but managed to have a productive life, handle his disabilities and become a respected artist and writer. <br /> <br /> However, the movie is a very difficult to review - or even see. Fortunately, I had the caption to capture all spoken words that would have been impossible if I saw the movie in a theater. While I respect it as a brave piece of work that deals with difficult issues, I cannot say that is the kind of movie I would like to see more than once. <br /> <br /> But my attention was kept by the storytelling unit, a flashback framed by the present, where we see Christy honored for his accomplishments before we see the feedback to his youth and his struggle to communicate with them around him who certainly gave him loving care. DANIEL DAY-LEWIS is certainly remarkable as the troubled man who falls in love with a therapist (FIONA SHAW), much to his mother's fear that when love is not reciprocated, his heart will be broken. There is a painfully long scene in a restaurant where he confesses his love for her before others, and then goes into a dreaded anger after drinking too much. BRENDA FRICKER does a brilliant job as her mother takes care of him, his father and a brother's bridge while struggling to hold a roof over his head until Day-Lewis begins to succeed with his work. She complements Day-Lewis's performance as the warm-hearted mother and shares many exciting moments with him. <br /> <br /> Really detailed story of a family that held together in the most unusual circumstances with attention to the time detail of each frame of the movie. Both Fricker and Day-Lewis won the Oscars, but HUGH O'CONOR and RAY McANALLY are also excellent. O'Conor is Christy as a boy and McAnally is the father who spends too much time at the local pub but loves the boy. In summary: Elmer Bernstein's music is an additional plus factor. It's worth it, but definitely not a movie for everyone.
