Jackie Chans classic instructional POLICE STORY (1985) is among the most influential and over-the-top modern police officers ever to come out of Hong Kong. Jackie simply wanted to make a movie that would include the usual kung fu and also tough gun games and other "urban" action, which later became very popular and typically among HK directors such as John Woo and Ringo Lam. POLICE STORY blends these two action elements and styles, and the result is as wild as it sounds. Jackie plays Chan Ka-Kui, a police officer who protects an important witness (Brigitte Lin), who would soon witness a powerful gangster boss and his ring of criminal activities. Jackie's boyfriend is played by young and sweet Maggie Cheung who is not as wild here as she would be in her subsequent roles as Heroic Trio (and the sequel) of Johnnie To, the Savior of the soul of Corey Yuen and David Lai and many many others. The plot in POLICE STORY is very simple, but that is the action why this film was made in the first place. Of course, Jackie did all his stunts of his character by himself and also hurt himself rather badly in some scenes, some of which are also in the finished film as in the end, where Jackie hits the head (near the eye) through a very uncomfortable sharp piece glass. Jackie's stunt team members were also almost killed during the filming of this film. The scene where a bus stops just before Jackie spits the kidnappers through the windshield went really bad, as the bus stopped too early and the stuntmen didn't fly as they should. They had to fly on the car parked in the front of the bus, but their plane was too short and they hit through the asphalt with damage to the hospital. During the final credits there are pictures and pictures of these injured actors behind the stage, and it looks very bad and almost tasteless, but fortunately no one was killed or seriously injured. The action is more than ample and imaginative as one might expect from (action) director Chan. The now legendary bus scene and shopping mall scene at that end is probably among the wildest scenes that an action movie has been able to deliver. Jackie always tells how important editing is (which is true) and it really shows in his action scenes and their timing, which is perfect and makes the movies so ultra-kinetic to the Hollywood stakes. There are hardly any slow moments here, and the moments are also interesting, and the movie never gets boring or hard to see. But again there is a negative point that I cannot stand in HK action comedies, which is this comedy itself. Comedy is not fun, especially when the errors and amateurish elements of the manuscript are not by accident, but because the author wanted to add them there without necessarily understanding that they are signs of bad script and stupid dialogue. I mean those scenes like the stabbing murder attempt at the beginning when the killer just shouts and screams and makes faces and seems like a drunken clown from some slapstick nightmare and he's there to "murder" that girl. This kind of play is stupid and unlucky, and I don't want to see it in a movie that is otherwise very big in its own genre. Characters also speak their thoughts, which are also a sign of bad script, because the "high thoughts" are there just to make things clear even to the stupid viewer and thus make things too simple and "light". Although the movie is cartoon and not so serious, these kinds of stupidity shouldn't be there and they can't be forgiven too easily. POLICE STORY is a fast-paced, full-blown, balls to the walls fairy tale miracles from Hong Kong and from the time Jackie was very sad because of the bad result he got with the US, The Protector produced when he didn't have the same thoughts about the movie director James Glickenhaus had, and thus the result did not please the audience and Jackie and he returned to Hong Kong to make more personal and inventive films. That he definitely did and the result is so wild today as it was back then in the 80s. This is among the most crazy action movies ever, and it would be something perfect without the mistakes I mentioned. 10.7
