Jackie Chan's Police Story is a milestone film for both the Honk Kong action genre and Jackie Han's career. <br/> <br /> Directed / written by Chan, Police Story has a basic plot that made all the movies in that era and genre, and like most movies in the kind of Police Story, the script is nothing to raved about . But the film of the film is Jackie Chan, who plays a good guy fight, fighting to judge the local gangster. The film's direction is nothing special and in no way the best management effort Jackie Chan has given us that responsibility falls to the undervalued masterpiece "Miracles". But the job Jackie leads is sufficient and respectable. The prominent filtering of the film comes with the battle scenes. <br /> <br /> The performances in this movie also vary with Jackie, who gives a very solid typical Chan up to that role, but it is by no means his best-performing role to be seen in the Sammo Hung director movie "Dragon's Heart". The other actors in the film also give a good performance, as Jackie with Bridgete Lin plays its part of the unwilling witness reasonably well, but also does not show full potential. The standout play comes from Maggie Cheung as Jackie's suffering girlfriend and Bill Tung as the sympathetic and fun police chief. None of the show in this movie is low enough to affect the quality of the movie. <br /> <br /> The action in the movie is what really separates this movie from others with a stunning modern choreography that fits the urbanized, contemporary setting. The action is some of the biggest battle scenes ever put on the camera. Initially there is a shooter in the slum, where Koo (ganglord) makes a drug deal while there is no John Woo style sequence, this serves as a good start to the movie. This is followed by the famous car that runs down the hill and through the heart of the slum destroys everything in sight. This is a breathtaking sequence that has since been shamelessly copied by Bad Boys 2. In the middle of the movie is another standout order when Jackie tries to transport Bridgete Lin from her house to him. This is really the first scene in which we will see the amazing fast hand-to-hand battle that has since become the norm for all modern martial arts films. This sequence is superbly choreographed, timed and seamlessly edited to maximize the brutality of the scene. But as a tradition dictates, the standout battle sequence is at the end of the movie. This order shows some of Chans' best choreography, stunts and camera / editing work. This order is now famous for two things, the amount of people sent through high density glass, which must be said to be a phenomenal amount of people, and stumbled at the end, where Jackie jumps from a 5-storey balcony, grabs a rod and slides down through glass tag (this should be seen as being believed). While the two above-mentioned factors are both uniquely brilliant, I believe that the most impressive part of this battle sequence is Chans's ability to incorporate something into the battle sequence and choreography's pure originality, it has never been better for me. I also think that the action in Police Story is some of Chans' best filming and edited actions that help separate the action from others. <br /> <br /> Overall, police are told, despite its unspecified history and script and over-run in the middle due to plot upholstery, is one of the best action movies at all times, showing Han's best choreography , best recorded action and possibly his most spectacular stunt that makes this important show to everyone. Then we see a Chan movie for the action !!
