This is my favorite Jackie Chan movie, and in an interview Jackie said it was also his favorite. It contains some incredible stunts and staggering fighting sequences as well as some very fun scenes. This movie was a favorite of Brandon Lee who used parts in Rapid Fire and was also lifted in Tango and Cash, which used some of the opening scenes. Jackie plays a policeman in Hong Kong. The story immediately jumps into a fantastic hunt through a shanty town and continues as Jackie slides down a hill and jumps on a moving bus to catch the evil cow (who is one of the greatest villains in any Jackie Chan movie. ) You can expect some very fun scenes that Jackie tries to balance his duty as a policeman with his girl friend, played by Maggie Chung. His job is to protect Kiss's secretary, who has enough information to take him down, but even that poses many problems. Jackie is in his absolute best here. The last battle scene in the mall is my favorite battle scene of any time. It was the most intense battle I have ever seen Jackie doing and climaxing in a light down a pole in the middle of exploding light. All in all, he made one of his biggest stunts and left him with skin peeled by his hands. He was fortunate that he was not electrolyzed, as the person responsible for the stunt used high voltage instead of a lower voltage. All in all, another Chan classic and definitely one of his greatest films. At the end of this movie you can tell that he kept absolutely nothing, nor his stuntmen. So many of his stuntmen were injured during this movie that no one would insure them anymore - Jackie himself had to take responsibility. There are no gimmicks, wires or stand-ins - it's all really a good experience to see. It is this type of action that made him the phenomenon as he is, and it is a movie that will amaze people 100 years from now. If you haven't seen this movie and are a fan of Jackie Chan or action in general, give yourself a treat and watch this movie. It's really sensational.
