There is a detail that is not very common for Jackie Chan movies but is present here. It has some very hard and serious moods about it, while the fun elements are also present. Jackie is threatening and psychotic here. He is not a hero who is attacked and only fights back (in a usual casual pattern), but he is the one who can go and start the tumult. His way of beating the evil guy in the glasses is amazing. Every time it goes "crack!" I especially enjoy the stage when Jackie goes to the pub and beats the bad guys who had fronted on his girlfriend. It is one of the best flashes on the screen. Furthermore, the whole scene is shot with the background of some action character painted on the wall (it also looks like a poster of "rabochiy" from our Soviet era) and some lines in Russian on the left (I noticed it quite by accident). It looks fantastic (and nostalgic for Russian people). I also like when the windows get smashed in the movies. Here are many of these things. It is amazing to see the signs that fall / jump / run / run through all kinds of windows. All three films are great. I had prepared myself to see the quality of the downturn, but I saw a perfect trilogy with sensation and incredible stunts (and not only Jackie Chan's character appears in all three films - it's also excellent and keeps continuity). <Br /> <br /> I would like to describe each movie only in a few words: No.1 - great (in all aspects - it's a moving story from the beginning to the end) and fun (many scenes are ridiculous); No.2 - raging (Jackie is really * beep * away here) and painful (Jackie gets tortured); No.3 - unbelievable (the woman struggling with Jackie is incredible) and bombastic (should I mention many weapons and explosions?). As in the rest, much has been mentioned by others. <br /> <br /> It is a trilogy that can be seen again and again (at least by me). Its place is in the top 10 among action / comedy jewels. Finally, it has been released in Russia on DVD (the second film has the best options - the Chinese / Russian soundtracks and English / Russian subtitles). Solid 10 out of 10. Thank you for your attention.
