Jackie Chan is considered by many film and martial arts fans as one of the greatest action stars ever to reach the silver screen and Police Story cemented its reputation as the likely sequel to the late, big Bruce Lee. If Enter The Dragon brought the so-called bench mark of Lee's grandeur in the 70s, the same might be said of Police Story and Jackie Chan in the 80s. Forget the Rush Hour trilogy or any of his US efforts - the one movie that really characterizes Chan's expertise, not to mention the kick that starts its kick kicking status, crushing Kung Fu Talisman, and his movie career was this, Police Story - the first in a series of successful cop movies set in the mainland, today's Hong Kong. <br /> <br /> I have seen many of his efforts - as well as the American-based Rush Hour, Rumble in the Bronx, The Medalian and The Smoking - to mention - and quite a few of them pale to the Police Story. In these films we saw a smaller "dumbed down" version of Jackie, of which he was not able to exploit his combat power to the maximum. Not to mention the fighting sequences were not as good as those in such an effort as the Drunken Master, Police Story to mention. <br /> <br /> The stunts in this movie are extraordinary and are best featured in any action movie. The shopping center scene is literally one of a kind and should be seen as being believed: the floating sheds of glass, Chan, who left dangling outside the bus only by his stick as a madman frantically runs through the streets of the city, and Chan succeeded to make use of all kinds of lifeless objects and sockets as weapons to fight the evil guys. <br /> <br /> Given that he is known to hurt and break every bone in his body and sit down in the evil way, Jackie's persistence in showing his versatility as a stuntman himself by not relying on one , some of a will to his reputation as a kung fu expert. Especially since he has bruises to show for it. Thus, he has proven that he is not a trick pony when it comes to designing and coming up with various and wise-looking movements. Historically, there is not much to discuss, but what it lacks in narrative, it does away with its end-to-end action and battle sequences. As for the dialogue, it is not a very big aspect of the film. Therefore, most fans of Jackies and martial arts films are more interested in action, unlike the story. In contrast, The Matrix says there are no wires or CGI, or any kind of computer trickery involved. What you get is what you get - and what you get with Police Story is a great Jackie Chan epic, full of action and pulsating stunts. It's miles better than Rumble In The Bronx, Rush Hour and all his other American bets. /> <br /> Police Story is an excellent movie and I would definitely recommend to anyone who is a novice Jackie Chan fan, but who is unsure which one to see first.
