Version: Universal / Hong Kong Legends R4 DVD release. Cantonese / English Subtitles <br /> <br /> Once, five years ago, the world was obsessed with "The Matrix," and I was perhaps one of the few fifteen-year-olds still thinking that "Terminator" was better than 'Matrix'. I was just a simple teenage boy looking for a good action movie, and then there was a shining light on a TV station that I had never really seen, a small station known as SBS. One night I noticed in the TV guide that a movie with Jackie Chan - 'Police Story' would be on later. Being fifteen, and having only seen 'Rumble in the Bronx' and 'Rush Hour', I said ... "WOW AWESOME" and sat down to watch it, and constantly shouted "WOW AWESOME" as the film evolved. Two weeks later, after SBS had shown the "Police Story" trilogy, I knew I had found my new favorite actor. Jackie plays Chan Ka Kui, a Hong Kong policeman who breaks a big addict, Chu (Yuen Chor). Chu's secretary, Selina Fong (Brigitte Lin), is being held by police as a witness to Chu, and Chan is responsible for protecting her. Things go bad - reaaaal bad - when the Chu case is dismissed and he decides he will have Fong and Chan dead. <br /> <br /> "One of the greatest action movies ever, Police Story is definitely one of my favorite Jackie Chan movies. It starts heavily and ends with one of the most incredible action sequences ever filmed. Everything in between is fantastic. But some of the fun parts may seem a little tasteless for more than a few people ... As a story, this is still one of Jackie's better efforts. For an action movie, the story is pretty good, and Jackie is a much better actor in this than he is in the play and plot intensive 'New Police Story'. This is not 'Miracles', but maybe it's a good thing. 'Police Story' is one of Jackie's finest works. It got me hooked on Jackie Chan's movies, and had to start off with potential Jackie fans. The bad news for everyone who sees this first is that Jackie Chan movies don't get much better - 10/10
