Shakespeare Behind Bars was a strange uplifting documentary despite the content. Convicts in Luther Luckett Correctional Complex in LaGrange, Kentucky, who have raped, murdered, etc. ?? and surrounded by bad people in a naturally depressing environment, find something they really enjoy and can become important, popular and celebrated in acting. There are parallel themes for 'Shawshank Redemption' with their institutionalized nature and seeking remission and redemption for their past lives. As we follow a generous, non-judgmental director who gives his time each year to lead specific prisoners in a selected body of William Shakespeare (this time, "Tempest" who was wisely depicted with the inmates who could relate to it so much with its urgent focus on forgiveness and redemption that they allow and relate to) we are introduced to each actor in formal interviews that are nicely paced with the break up footage of them repetition. Each actor has their own story and tells of their regret and reasons why they are emotionally involved with melancholy music over every traditional documentary sense. The strongest and most respected prisoner (it seems) is Sammie. The director seems to realize immediately who the most interesting inmates were in Sammie (and later Hal) and allows a longer and more in-depth observation in the man and his personality. His presence is felt on the screen and his personal revelations come as a shock to the public, but gives him such appeal in his emotional personality, and there is a special empathy for him. Hal is the same at the start of the movie. He has other things that he does to pass the time shown as a pleasant hobby as it was in running a news broadcast program on the spot. His heart felt through personal interviews and revelations, which had been admitted by Hal himself (and nicely shot cuttings of Hal's body language, not the close-ups of his insecure gesture not only observed in him but also others) unsure and afraid of his sexuality in a society that would not accept him as gay until later in the film, where he is shown to be quite kind and rude to other inmates involved in the play as if he considers himself over all of them, especially to Ron who already has a frustrating temperament in his play. The relationship between all the inmates involved in the play appears as one of respect and unity to achieve something good for themselves. With nice (if not klichéd) movements of time past with titles etc ?? Everything seems to go right in the first action, and then on building public performance, things are predictably wrong. An induction by one of the actors being transferred and his character being replaced by a younger, recent effort gives the narrative a good subplot for someone who promises great, but eventually everything disappoints and does not live up to their expectation. A single prisoner (Big-G) welcomes the new inmate actor (Rick) with a clear will to care for him in their beloved practice and hopefully become a good role model. The film seems to catch every effort of passion so well with something the audience can relate to especially when Rick is put in 'Hole' to get new tattoos (something nicely hinted earlier in the film when the warden stops a random insert in the yard and asks him when he got a tattoo that is on his arm and we learn it is a criminal offense in the facility) and Big-G's disappointment is deeply understood. A happy end? It all looks good when they are doing successfully (even being invited to do elsewhere) and a sense of true unity echoing around them, but eventually the movie brings everyone back to earth that this is short-lived and all what they have ever had or wanted was and will always be taken away from them. It is back in prison to pay for their crimes and whatever redemption they seek to perform in these plays, they will not be free men, their proud beliefs and recognition will be undermined by the fact that they are the lowest of the low criminals and one a good stop in the uplifting music that plays in a shot of a long corridor that coincides with the lights that turn off and the doors close is a strong picture of their oppression. The director seemed to be aware that he saw similar people in the documentary by giving further information at the end of the film to each actor the future from the movie's conclusion about where they are and what is happening to them now.
