Movies like this, and C.R.A.Z.Y, make me very sad for American movies with a gay topic. With the exception of Parting Glances and Brokeback Mountain, there are few other notable American films with the kind of depth and sincerity that this movie, The Bubble. This film is focused on two men, Noam and Ashwar, an Israeli and Palestinian, respectively. Their relationship is complicated by the tension between the Jews and the Arabs in Israel. Couples, in the early stages of their relationship, will struggle with who will call who next, or who will say "I love you" first. Noam and Ashwar's early love is complicated by suicide bombings, armed security controls and racism. While Noam's friends accept and like Ashwar, who is Arabic, it is clear that most of Tel Aviv's citizens are unlikely to do so. <br /> <br /> One of the most touching moments and many in this movie is when Noam and Ashwar participate in a "Bent" production. We, as filmmakers, see them watching this game, and the impact it has on the two is deeply caught in their eyes. And in the end this touching moment is played in a very sad way in the final of the movie. <br /> <br /> Ohad Knoller and Youseff 'Joe' Sweid are excellent as Noam and Ashwar. Director Eytan Fox is brilliant for creating a cogent and interesting tale of Shakespeare's classic Romeo and Juliet. And while most movies today have sex in them, (almost like sport), it goes back to the old, tried and true version of sex with love and passion combined. It is so refreshing. Also refreshingly sees that two gay men are portrayed as humans and not comics. There are cartoons in this movie. It's just not the case to be the two gay guys for a change. Somewhere on this site I think I read a comparison between this movie and "Friends". Well, not really. Yes, it is youthful characters who stumble through their first unpleasant steps in adulthood and relationships. But I can't remember getting "blown up" as the backdrop for the creepy stories in "Friends". <br /> <br /> This is a very good movie. It has heart and heartache. And like all good love stories love loves. But not in it's intact glory with full bloom. Still, it is a very satisfying movie to watch.
