This film is a complete rendition of Romeo and Juliet in Tel Aviv and Nablus. The lovers are one from Tel Aviv and the other from Nablus. There is a boundary between them and a constant state of war with the Israeli army ever everywhere and the Palestinian militants everywhere with their bombs. The situation is gloomy enough. We can imagine love in the vast, loveless trap. But the film goes on for several bright years longer by imagining the two lovers are gay, Noam from Tel Aviv and Ashraf from Nablus. Being gay is accepted in Tel Aviv. It is without borders in Nablus. Thus, the conflict between the two peoples, the two communities doubles with a conflict between two cultures, two ethics. But it could even be alive if the war did not give any extra dimension. Ashraf's sister will marry a militant activist in Nablus. Ashraf finally tells her sister to be gay. She cannot accept it, but agrees to talk about it later. From the wedding itself, the newly married man sends a command to Tel Aviv to create a bombing attack. It takes place in a café in Tel Aviv, and one of Noam's friends is seriously injured. Poorly The Isareli army sends a command to Nablus to arrest the person responsible for this attack, but it gets angry and the newlywed wife shot dead on the street. The funeral follows the wedding. Man and widower volunteering for suicide bombing. Ashraf volunteers to take their place. The damned lover comes back to Tel Aviv to die and kill a few people to avenge his sister. He arrives at a dinner run by some friends of Noams. But Noam sees him and comes out to talk to him. Ashraf has moved back to the middle of the street, and he blasts his bomb when Noam reaches him on the street. The vengeance reunites the two lovers in death. So we have the dual conflict, but we do not have the Prince of Verona, a neutral character who can impose peace, or worse, the prince seems to have chosen sides and be on the side of Israel. The game is completely fake and death is safe on both sides. But the dimension of impossible love is stronger because it is renamed a game in the movie, a game showing love in Auschwitz, between two prisoners, one having a yellow star and the other a pink triangle. This is both strikingly powerful and breathtakingly shocking: gay love in Auschwitz. What comes out of the movie is that there is no love over there in Tel Aviv or Nablus. The film is thus a termination of the conflict in Palestine, which cannot continue even though it has no reason to exist, even though it has thousands of reasons to continue. We should never have let Britain trade with the region long ago. Today, we have to find a solution where no one will be humiliated. This will only succeed if everyone comes together to find a lasting solution. But so far, everyone is trying to avoid the general confrontation and discussion that prefers bilateral manipulations. So suffering will continue, and love will be banned, of course not sex, as children are needed for the war to continue. So let's grow more and more small soldiers. But love is just a terrestrial concept. <br /> <br /> Dr. Jacques COULARDEAU, University of Paris Dauphine & University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne
