It's hard not to like Israeli director Eytan Fox and his film describing life in the Middle East and the inherent problems that gay people can have in those regions. In addition, he also gave the young generations the voice and the remarkable part of those who really need peace, and who will not notice any further war, that too much time marked human existence, both in Israel and in Palestine. These reasons, in my opinion, are sufficient to consider Fox a remarkable director, even when his sense of melodrama is a little out of control. But the fans of his film (which he realized on a team with Gal Uchovsky, his producer, screenwriter and also life companion) do not seem to be disturbed by this, as his new feature, THE BUBBLE (HA-BUAH) has the same success from that previous YOSSI & JAGGER and WALK ON THE WATER. Announced as a modern gay version of "Romeo & Juliet", which today is Tel Aviv instead of Verona and with two men (an Israeli and the other Palestinian) on the spot for the two Shakespeare young lovers, the film is actually quite different from It or better, it's also something else. In fact, the titles' bubble world is apart, where the leading man, Noam, played by Fox's regular Ohad Knoller (Yossi in YOSSI & JAGGER, but I have to admit I miss Jagger, the astonishing Yehuda Levi!) And his two co-tenants, guy and a girl chose to live. About thirty years old, restless, witty and firm (despite the protagonist just spent a period as a national service in a checkpoint at the border with Palestine) to live a life not only made of war. The two guys are gay and together with the girl they have established a trio where they love and support each other in a brotherly manner. Their lives are destined to change when Noam falls in love with Ashraf (TV star Yousef 'Joe' Sweid) a young Palestinian who lived in Tel Aviv. The laws so far between the group are neglected, but not the will to help a friend. Still, it will not be easy for Noam and his friends because Ashraf is secret in Israel, and meanwhile, the family living in Palestine does not seem to be homosexual, looking forward to settling his wedding with a very beautiful girl, who is a relative of Ashraf's beloved sister-to-be, to whom he is also a terrorist, and he will have a strong responsibility in developing the plot with consequences not only for the two men. Because the prejudices against homosexuality and peace (interesting dualism, if not automatic) are stubborn and then the tragedy is inevitable. Although the film focuses on the obstacles encountered by the relationship between Noam and Ashraf, they do not overlook the other characters that appear well-written (for example, the Golan, Yelli's girlfriend, Noam's companion, introduced as a lively drill and then revealed as a sweeter and more open minded person) and appropriately done (in addition to the two leaders we must not ignore the fun Zohar Liba and the lovely Daniela Virtzer, the band in the girl and also LATE MARRIAGE's star Lior Ashkenazi appears as herself in a cameo). It also reports the gloomy tones with the more radiant, although the director cannot do without a melodramatic conclusion. I watched this movie more than a month ago, and meanwhile, I often thought of it, proof that Fox and his girlfriend have an ability to go home.
