Since the advent of literature, people of all nationalities have been fascinated and easily touched by accounts of unhappy love. Even more fascinating has always been stories of impossible love, love that cannot be. The Israeli filmmaker Eytan Fox's latest movie "The Bubble" is about it. And then it is not. The title of the film refers to the "bubble" that is Tel-Aviv set against the political realities of Israel. The country's cosmopolitan and unofficial capital does not have much in common with Nablus, a city on the Palestinian West Bank, which is also in the film. It does not have much in common with the tense and hateful atmosphere of the Palestinian control points. In fact, it doesn't seem to have much in common with anything about it. Tel-Aviv's "bubble" allows people to have a lifestyle that is not very different from what you would expect in any western city. Teenage girls looking for Britney Spears records, a lifestyle magazine editor looking for a sexy cover for his next issue, trendy people sitting in trendy cafes, discussing trendy things over cups of cappuccino and other similar trendy drinks while at home watching the local edition of Pop Idol. It is this "bubble" that also has the potential to venture into a false sense of reality. The film is evolving around the lives of three young Israelis who share an apartment and mostly try to stay out of politics. Yelli, the tenant owns and heads ?? Orna & Ella ", a hip cafe, rarely leaves the city and prefers not to think about the" crap that surrounds them. "Noam, a soft and unpleasant employee in a slightly avantguard record store, seems to be just as unwilling to engage In long political discussions and deliberations, Lulu, the only woman's wife, is on the contrary attached to the Israeli left, although her political activities seem to be limited to "raves against the occupation." Of course, Yelli and Noam are not against joining them. And her political friends make t-shirts with the raven's logo, put posters, and distribute brochures that advertise it in the neighborhood. Their main concern seems to be that there are never actual Palestinians taking part and police coming and going. Destroy all fun for them again, the closest they come to a concrete confrontation is when they come into a shake with some not so Palestinian friendly locals who are Increases to prevent them from handing out the brochures. In other words, predictable products of ?? The bubble ". <br /> <br /> The film's opening scenes lead us to a checkpoint on a road to Nablus, where we also find Noam to make his reserve fee. A group of Palestinians are thoroughly controlled before entering Israel, among them a pregnant woman who suddenly goes to work and gives birth to a stillborn child despite the best efforts of Noam and the doctor who eventually arrives in an ambulance.The woman is comforted by a young man who later arrives at Noam's door in Tel-Aviv with his ID, which the latter obviously dropped during the test on the border. His name is Ashraf, he is Palestinian, and he is gay, and he has not just returned to id, he has come to see Noam. Permission to live in Israel and despite the original hesitation of Noam's flatmates, he will remain, and soon he will have a Jewish name and a job at Yelli's cafe After growing up in Jerusalem with Hebrew, he does not have an Arab accent that makes it possible for him and his newly found friends to hide his identity. The sky is light blue and the air is sweet. But it can't last. For he has become part of an equation that was never meant to be. At one point, Noam and Ashraf see a game called Bent about two prisoners in a Nazi concentration camp that has a love affair that can never become physical or visible to the surrounding guards. They find a way to be together on another level, a metaphysical, a level where no one else has access. This is also where our couples come last. And it could not have been very different for them, not in today's Israel. <br /> <br /> ?? The Bubble is a political statement about the bubble that bursts when confronted with the political realities of today's Israel The background of a beautiful and awkward love story involving an Israeli and Palestinian, the impossible love story in a shared world where there is no such things as compromise or other colors than black and white. "The Bubble" is also a beautiful movie about people, gay and straight, inhabiting the strange city, Tel-Aviv, shown through the eyes of people who really care about them. The premise of the movie may have its faults and the fatal chain of events may seem somewhat interpreted, but its strong message and emotional impact will not leave you untouched.
