The Israeli / Palestinian conflict persists, and while the world may be aware of the violence of the two countries' distribution, the second aspect of the division - the group of people who want peace and work to eradicate separation - has gotten a little clue. Eytan Fox, in BUBBLE ('Ha-Buah'), has created a much-needed alternative viewpoint on skiing and chooses to tell a story that contains a fine sense of humor, a lot of love and a taste of the brutal reality. It is a window in a situation that asks for understanding. <br /> <br /> In Tel Aviv, three close friends are roommates: Lulu (Daniela Virtzer), a beautiful young woman with strong opinions; Yali (Alon Friedman), a very "out" gay young man working in a popular cafe; and Noam (Ohad Knoller), a beautiful, slightly shy guy who, in addition to his day job in a music store, is a member of the National Guard and therefore uses his spare time as guard at the city's control points. It is during one of these watchdogs that he meets a young Palestinian named Ashraf (Yousef 'Joe' Sweid) and there is a common attraction. The three friends decide to "stop" the illegally present Ashraf (as they call on an Israeli name) and while Ashraf and Noam settle into a love affair, Yali Ashraf hires in her cafe and Yali and Lulu continue to find love interests , also. Everything goes well until Ashraf returns to his sister's wedding. Although in Tel Aviv Ashraf has been able to be openly gay at Noam, life is far different in Jerusalem: Ashraf is told he must marry his sister's groom sister. In an attempt to rescue Ashraf from his destiny, Noam and Lulu disguised as French journalists for access to Ashraf. In a moment of presumption of seclusion, Noam and Ashraf are discovered to kiss the groom, and this act of extortion causes Ashraf to become "in the closet". <br /> <br /> While young people in Tel Aviv are dancing at an event to raise awareness of peaceful coexistence, there is an attack in Jerusalem - one that has serious consequences not only immediately but also in the revenge mission that Ashraf now has to assume. The end is tragic at many levels, and it emphasizes the seriousness of the problem between these two countries. <br /> <br /> The action is so natural that both the comic and the tragic aspects of the audience fully believe in these beautiful young people. The story finds the right balance between the serious and the light heart, and that is the balance that Eytan Fox is as good a writer / instructor. More people should look at this important and very fine film. In Hebrew, Arabic and English with subtitles. Grady Harp
