I am currently on vacation in Israel this summer and then could see this incredible movie. A little warning before I start writing: I speak fluent Hebrew, and therefore the Hebrew parts were no problem; However, approx. a quarter (slightly less) of the movie in Arabic, and I could not understand a bit of this subtitle bit. This did not detract from my understanding of the movie, but made it possible for me to miss a few jokes that provoked some strong laughs in the theater. After a year of American cinema, which many greeted as one of the greatest years of gay cinema and relationships, it takes something special to stand head and shoulders above the rest; The "bubble", however, surpasses everyone else with its blend of outstanding plays, witty dialogue and relevant political climate. The film opens at a checkpoint on the Israeli-Palestinian border; For the first few moments, we are uncertain about the type of film we have entered. Nevertheless, this is an important element in the strength of this film. The political situation and the extreme tension in the air are constantly in the background. Most importantly, Tel Aviv serves as a character in this film. It is constantly referred to. Street names and restaurant names are constantly exchanged. The horizon and urban development are criticized quite hard, and ultimately the city develops with the film. The film focuses on the love between Noam (Ohad Knoller) and a Palestinian immigrant, Ashraf (Yousef 'Joe' Sweid) with the communities Tel Aviv and Palestine serving as a constant foil. We always know that their relationship is prohibited, and it creates a sense of urgency that is rarely found in the cinema. Love is incredibly strong and stands as the centerpiece of the film. The secondary relationships and friendships are equally strong: Flaming restaurant owner Yelli's (Yousef 'Joe' Sweid) relationship with ultra-butch and grating golani solids, the Golan (Zohar Liba), is especially a source of entertainment. The love scenes found in this movie are all exquisite fine works of art, and the cinematography is astonishing: in the film's first love scene, the camera throws itself down as a male character gives oral sex to Lulu (Daniela Virtzer) and dissolves in a shot of Noam and Ashraf. This shot that many others lead the viewer to realize that all these relationships are expressing the same kind of love. To give away more of the story would be a tragedy, but know that there is a lot of political tension and tragedy affecting the current world political climate, so I will instead focus on the witty dialogue. Even when I watched this movie in my second language, I couldn't stop laughing all the way through. Lines of special entertainment include the question of whether homosexual suicide bombers receive virgin women or men in heaven and an analogy of Sampson from the Bible as the world's first suicide bombers. This dialogue shows a special sense of purity and reality, rarely seen in Cinema. The music used in the film is also particularly powerful. Music is only used in times when signs could legitimately or should listen to it, and in a scene the music weakens when a character removes a headphone and stops when it removes the other. Small items like this really raise the movie. <br /> <br /> I couldn't give a bigger recommendation for a movie; This is a fantastic work of cinema that is catarthic and extremely well built.
