This first part of Crispin Glover's personal magnum opus asks you to think a little and therefore it is not recommended for any viewer who will not sit and puzzle over Glover's pictures or follow the surprisingly simple ?? but strangely confused ?? thread of his story. For the more relaxed viewer, yes, it will probably come as a confusing mish-mash of odd, sensational and disturbing images for the sake of the image. <br /> <br /> You get the feeling that Glover doesn't mind this, and he'd just like to hear why someone hated the movie about why they enjoyed it. Glover's innate zeal for and about his work and how the audience interprets it is strongly conveyed not only through the film itself but also through the unusual questions and answers sessions he often performs the following shows; He clearly hopes that people will continue to think about what he has presented. <br /> <br /> The easiest way to interpret and reject the movie is to label it as Dada or nihilist, a juvenile attack on the modern film industry from an actor who has worked both inside and out. But there is a reason why Glover performs his slideshow before showing his movie, and it's not just selling books; his books sit together and create a story from pictures and text that Glover pieced together and what is it? also makes imagery drawn from Western culture. <br /> <br /> What is it? is an endearing and compelling film in ways one hardly expects during viewing. Glover's use of Down Syndrome actors has already been widely done, and is actually one of the most initial aspects of the film. So much so that many seem to interpret it as a kind of far-reaching crusade to see a more realistic and / or dignified depiction of disabled people in film and television, or in the absolute other end of the spectrum, as a form of direct exploitation of the disabled. But it is not, and perhaps it is part of what makes this movie so uncomfortable for many: The underlying agenda is not a political or one of hatred, but one of looking beyond the ordinary culture of a kind of creepy. It's not a movie about Down's syndrome, but it's a movie owned by the actors with Down syndrome that appear in it. <br /> <br /> I am the kind of person who is totally gung-ho when it comes to cruelty and wonder that is so highly portrayed that it is beautiful; Luckily for me, that's pretty much exactly what is it? presents itself to viewers. Glover uses the weird images of snails, deaths and handicapped people partly because he wants his audience to feel discomfort at either the sharp bias of the image or the visceral reaction to the dying screams of an anthropomorphic snail. In some ways, the oddly convincing (and occasionally just grotesque) elements of what is it? remind me of the work of painter Francis Bacon ?? he of the infamous pops, yes, and the strange distortions of the human figure, which inevitably causes viewers to hug and want to look away. Like Bacon's paintings, Glover's film manages to be sumptuous and humble, grainy and polished, chaotic and well thought out ?? and the contradictions help to make it more disturbing. But it is still not a very serious movie, and it basically controls equating the biggest pitfalls of pretension through the use of humor that derives mainly from the use (and compilation) of known things, images and names of popular culture. And when is it? is fun, it's very fun. <br /> <br /> All in all, what is it? is an impressive first film from Glover as an instructor and author, and his presence as an actor in the film turns out not to be almost the distraction one might expect. Seeing it is like being an observer in the kind of dream that is not just good or bad, but just strange ?? And it makes you feel a little ugly when you wake up. If that's the kind of art you enjoy, what is it? will probably exceed your expectations and appreciate the effort to capture it in the theater along with The Big Slide Show and Glover itself. All in all, it's an experience you won't likely forget anytime soon.
