It's about a seizure, Peter Ustinov, who infiltrates a British company, Texa-Conn or such a computer fisherman and security expert. He secretly learns to hack into the computer as he gathers admiration for his boss, Karl Malden, the enmity of his counterpart, Bob Newhart and the love of his ineptic secretary, Maggie Smith. <br /> <br /> Some of the business information was a bit creepy for these non-business eyes, but they are credible enough and I got the general idea. Ustinov, the peculiar Peter, establishes fake companies in Paris, Rome and Stuttgart, and uses Texa-Conn's computer to send all sorts of money to these ersatz companies. Of course, the overseas companies only exist by themselves, Ustinov, and the addresses are an abandoned artist's loft in Paris, a hairdressing salon in Rome and a bakery in Germany. He simply visits them to collect the checks he has sent. <br /> <br /> I didn't think I liked it in the first few minutes because it seemed pretty slower. I was expecting something at a faster pace and more violently, like "The Pink Panther" or "The Lavender Hill Gang." But this movie is recorded in your good graces, which you will appreciate the undervalued humor in the plot, the characterizations, and the dialogue. It would probably be a bad idea to give away to many of the relatively subtle gags, but here are some examples of the more noticeable. <br /> <br /> Ustinov to Secretary Smith: "Let me get the assets of these companies." Smith: "Activate? What are they?" Ustinov: "Little female donkeys." Now, there is nothing of this little exchange. There is a quick cut and no delay for any laughter, which is appropriate because a reaction is more likely to be a smile than a laugh. Ustinov is looking out of the crummy loft in Paris. It is covered with cobwebs. The bricks are dotted and a couple of the previous resident's paintings have been left behind. The owner does not speak English and Ustinov does not know French. Ustinov points to a child-like painting of a naked woman and chuckles, "Ah. A fam fye number, eh?" Landlord also chuckles, answer: "Vous le prenez pour une anee?" Ustinov: "Oh - ANNIE, so it's her name!" Landlord: "Oui?" Ustinov: "Entente cordiale!" (Mes amis, if I got these genders' mistakes, you m'excuse.) Bob Newhart as Willard Gnatpole (!) Has hots to Maggie Smith and needs to drive her home, but tells her he is taking "the scenic route". There is an immediate order of suggestive traffic signs. "Warning." "Lay-By." "Make room." "Yield." Ends with the Imperial "STOP / CHILDREN." There is another montage when Ustinov's scheme is being discovered by the board - unclear rooftops, police cars, the color phenomenon of Maggie ending with a sign: PRISON, Wormwood Scrubs. <br /> <br /> Well, maybe one more. I still can't get over Malden as a manager and decisively declare: "I never agonize over decisions," then gulping a handful of pills and washing them down with a glass of water. unarguably fine. It is eg. Bob Newhart's Best Role. Not that he had so many, and not that his range was not limited, but he is perfect in this part. The musical score of Laurie Johnson had obviously had a great deal in it. She seems to have written a short concert for flute. Ustinov's passion is music, and his overseas businesses are led by fake names like Claude Debussy and Giacconino Rossini. Stuttgart's false president is someone named Schmidt, and he is an anomalous clinker. Maggi Smith is beautiful, sexy, bourgeois, and turns out to be almost as stupid as she looks. <br /> <br /> Wonderful, in its own quiet way, but don't expect to be fireworks.
