This movie was on my Tivo for weeks before I saw it. I feared a self-satisfied yuppie flick about relationships gone bad. I was mistaken; This was an exciting outing in New York's twisted libido. <br /> <br /> The format is the same as Max Ophuls' "La Ronde", which is based on a game by Arthur Schnitzler who gets an "inspired by" credit. It starts from a person, a prostitute standing on a street corner in Brooklyn. She is picked up by a home contractor who has sex with her on a car's hood, but can't come. He refuses to pay her. When he is off, she answers her mobile phone and takes a message. She runs away with her keys. <br /> <br /> Then the story changes to the entrepreneur who pays a professional call on a rich New York woman playing with him until he wakes up, then pulls away. She tells him how desperate and unhappy she is; he tells her how beautiful she is and lucky. When he leaves, she asks if he would have sex with her. She sits on top of him, jumping up and down. This time he comes, he leaves. <br /> <br /> The woman and her husband throw a dinner party for their trendy friends. Her husband (Robert) speaks business, wife (Ellen) bored and changes the subject to sex, and how often men and women think about it. The man changes conversation to the desert. Later, after the guests leave, Ellen tries to entice Robert for sex. Robert does not want any of it and puts on a jazz record. Ellen turns on the radio; Robert shows the music; Ellen turns on the TV; Robert turns on another TV. Cacophony follows. Ellen goes up on the roof, Robert enters her. Ellen admits that she must experience more men, other men than Robert. Robert says he also needs to experience men. <br /> <br /> We then follow Robert while visiting an artist, Martin, played by Steve Buscemi. I want Buscemi to have more roles like this, where he is a sexy, smart, completely desirable guy. Robert praises Martin's work, much more than it deserves, promises to bring it to a show. Martin is excited until it turns out that Robert speaks out of his groin, it's all a mating. Robert tries to kiss Martin, on his lips, and Martin retires and says he's not gay. Robert claims he is not gay, Martin scoffs. Both admit that the works of art are bad. Robert is leaving when Martin allows Robert to kiss him. They make out, and Robert goes down on Martin. <br /> <br /> Next, we follow Martin as he prepares an art exhibition at a Manhattan gallery. He is beaten by the receptionist, Anna, played by Rosario Dawson. (I had to cut a portion of this review to keep it under 1000 words) ... and they love each other. <br /> <br /> We then follow Anna, who is sitting at a lunch stand. Her boyfriend, Nick (Adrian Grenier) comes in, carries flowers. She is cold to him; He's trying to figure out why. He coaxed out of her the information that she had sex with someone while he was in San Francisco. She coaxed out of him, having stayed with his ex-gf while in San Francisco, and having sex with her. The last revelation turns out to be a lie. The two play out in the luncheon net, but she decides to break up. Nick is heartbreaking. <br /> <br /> And we follow Nick who admits his problems to an elderly woman he meets on a park bench, Joey (Carol Kane). Joey is kind of weird and childish, but is a good audience for Nick who needs a sympathetic ear. The two go to Coney Island at night and look at the stars. Nick falls under Joey's spell, despite the age difference between them. They go back to Joey's apartment, and Nick gradually realizes he's having sex with a crazy old woman. She's on top of him, won't let him go. But he manages to escape. (By the way, this is the best Carol Kane role since she played Latke's wife in Taxi.) Joey's phone calls and it's a man who calls the Psychic Friends Network and joey is one of the psychic friends. Even though she still hurts from Nick, she gradually comes into her mental shtick. The man is in his office late at night and wants to have a phone call with her. Although it is not Joey's business, Joey goes together and coaxes the man who comes. She will continue to talk, even if the man will come out of the phone and find out that he has confused a lot of money from his company and will be found out tomorrow. His life is ruined. Joey realizes that the man will commit suicide and she tries to make him believe she is his friend that she cares for him. And she cares for him. <br /> <br /> But the man packs a gun into his briefcase and goes out to seek a prostitute on the Brooklyn waterfront and we return to the beginning of the same prostitute who started out La Ronde. She'll give him $ 75,000 in cash if she wants to kill him. He tried to kill himself, but couldn't do it. The prostitute will not, but he insists on holding his hand and holding the gun in his mouth and telling her where to aim. Finally, the gun goes out, and we see the prostitute walking down the street and arriving at the corner where she usually does business. The contractor, who did not pay her earlier in the film, runs up, rolls down the window. They look at each other. The end.
