The movie's origin is a mystery to me, as I only know as much as IMDB did before I rented it. I suppose "Starshot Troopers", "Killshot" was one of the countless unaired pilots that never made it to network, cable or otherwise. The new title "Kill Shot" is comically thrown into the opening sequence, the first of many quick tracks that this was not always intended for the cinema. The quick cuts, cheesy "Melrose Place" music and short 2 second close-ups of the main actors let you know what you are in. <br /> <br /> And I don't mind everyone. I rented this movie to watch the repackaging that puts Casper Van Dien and Denise Richards at the front of a volleyball net. It would be fun to watch them in a movie besides the SciFi transvest of Starship Troopers (an excellent book, in my opinion, not so hot a movie - but that's another review). After looking up at IMDB, my roommate and I suggested that the pilot was pulled up for the apparent success of Troopers and Richard's own career (see Bond-Girl and Wild Things references here). They threw in a sex scene with a smaller character to reach the coveted R-rated status - coveted in suspense Video Rental sections, that is. In any case, they should have left it without rating if you are trying to sell it in tension / softcore porn section. All in all, it's entertaining. I hate to indulge in fun to tell you it's a TV pilot, though. It was the biggest move while you watched it - when you expect a movie and get a TV show, the differences between them are clearer than usual. Would I rent it again? No. Would I watch this TV show? Well, why not - it's better than Baywatch. And their modest attempts to hit all demographics would have done well back in the mid-90s. The Token Black Guy (who is gay to avoid the TV taboo between racial dating), the token Asian (Japanese, I assume from the name Koji) more proficient in science and computers than talking to women, beautiful and intelligent Latina pre-co-students who has everything for her except her family's bank account - this show would probably have done well. <br /> <br /> But as a movie I just crack myself. <br /> <br /> Given what it was and what it was forced to do, I gave it a 7 out of 10. It made a very enjoyable evening and that is all I ask for rentals.
