What more can I say? The Americans completely hated it because the US cut was so bad, even though you could discover the underlying goodwill in it. Speaking of the American theatrical release (along with the recently released Blu-ray Disc version) it's faster and tighter than HK rock, the background musicians were all changed from the dark, gloomy HK musicians to the Hip-hop musicians; And there were many gruesome scenes cut out. But it was a remarkable job when they tried to capture the original actor's voice and tone. But the problem is Hak Hap (Black Mask), the film was designed and meant to be dark, gloomy, super-disturbing and totally cruel. Unfortunately, the US release just launched the foam they wanted, which in turn completely changed the movie's undertone (the HK release was rated 18+) to be even more comical and amateurish. Now we have to talk about the original HK release. This movie is like a hidden gem, a prototype for the entire "matrix" tide and era. The fighting situations are amazing, even though the camera is working, was a little old school among HK movies. But the style created by the film was a unique blend of Kungfu and pop culture. With all leather, black costumes and decorations, this movie features a batman-like superhero in a black mask against a giant gang of multinational super-soldiers led by a punk heavy metal rock star boss. Yes it sounds like beliefs about a late child, but it works. It's so impressive that the whole movie will give you nightmares with foreigners struggling with bloodbathing in leather coats. In the year 2002, they made a sequel that had a PG-13 rating, but without Jet Li and Liu Qing Yun. And you know how bad it was because Li and Liu were the core characters of the movie and had strong personalities and an interesting friendship. And was I mentioned Francois Yip? Her roundhouse park was quite cool, even cooler than the villain, because she didn't use a stuntman for all the fighting. Did I say she also smokes hot? Anyway, there are many things to like about the movie. <br /> <br /> But the movie also suffers from many problems. First, it is a mediocre script made at its best potential, which means that this production team deserved a better screenwriter. There are many climaxes in 100 minutes, but they have often felt like chopped and do not make sense to the audience (the US version was even worse because all character development was cut). Anyway, you can't ask too much out of a comic-inspired action movie. This film is also completely unsuitable for children. I would not recommend it to you if you are less than 20 years old. It is saturated with disturbing content, including blood, gore, sado-maso costumes, extreme brutal violence and so on. Along with the movie's style it can be called a wet dream for heavy metal rock music fans and action fans. (The US cut was milder, but if you want to see it, see the HK release for what it is.) 7/10. Status: inspiring, hidden, undervalued, adult.
