At the 1999 Straight Story release, it was commended for being David Lynch's first film that ignored his common macabre themes and the surrealistic. Based on a true story of a man and his journey to visit his brother-in-law on a John Deere '66 mower, at first glance, it is an odd story for Lynch to lead. Yet, as history develops, you can see some of Lynch's trademark designs coming through. <br /> <br /> Lynch's focus on small-town America and its inhabitants is still as widespread as in his previous efforts as Blue Velvet or Twin Peaks, but the most notable difference is that the habit is tied down. The limitations introduced mean that the film has the remarkable recognition of being one of the few live action movies I can think of that has a G rating. Incredibly significant, these films stand as evidence that beautiful and significant family films can be produced. <br /> <br /> The straight story was the first feature that Lynch figured out where he had no hand writing. For many Lynch devotees, this was a major negative point. Almost universally recognized, the only overly negative review of James Brundage by filmcritic.com focused on this much criticism that it was not a typical Lynch movie. "Lynch is fighting in the form of a G-rated story that is not his own." Brundage claims, with his protagonist Alvin Straight, "quotes lines directly from Confucious." He claims the story is weak and the dialogue even worse. But it is about the only criticism that many will read for the film. Although it is true that it is not Lynch in the form of Eraserhead, Lost Highway or Mulholland Drive - all movies that I also love, The Straight Story has another side of Lynch that is not at all horrible. If you are a Lynch fan, it is important to separate the side of Lynch with this feature. <br /> <br /> The story is slow and thoughtful, giving you a real sense of the protagonist's thoughts as he travels to his destination Alvin is constantly reminded of his past and his relationship with his wife, children, and his brother. But especially important is that there are no flashbacks, which only increases the effect, which reminded me of my conversations with my grandparents. The conclusion is like seeing a boat carried down a slow meandering river, and it's beautiful to see. The natural landscapes of the United States are accentuated, and along with the beautiful soundtrack of Angelo Badalamenti I want to go to America. The performances are also excellent with all actors credible in their roles, and Richard Farnsworth is particularly outstanding. His Oscar nomination was very deserving and it was a pity he didn't win. Regardless, it is probably the finest swan song for any actor. <br /> <br /> So while The Straight Story does not contain Lynch's complex narratives or brand dialogue, the film is a fascinating character study to grow old and is highly recommended!
