Who would have thought a movie about a man driving a few hundred miles on his lawnmower to see his brother might be a good movie theater? I certainly did not. I thought I knew what to expect: one of the most boring experiences in my life. Well, I was so wrong that I wasn't wrong too often yet, because this is one of the best, most realistic and honest Hollywood movies I've ever seen ... Give a short resume of "The Straight Story "is not very difficult. It's about an old and stubborn man stepping on his lawnmower and going out to another state to pay his brother a visit when he hears that the man has had a serious stroke. It is already special on itself, but what makes it even more special is that he hasn't seen his brother in ten years because of some stupid argument. In the meantime, he has his share of bad luck and trouble, but he also encounters many people whose lives he affects in some way with his philosophical approach to life. Despite all the difficulties he runs for weeks, do not know if he will achieve his goal: to see his brother again before it is too late ... I can easily understand why there are people who do not this movie, and that is also why I do not say that these people have no heart or something ... This movie does not have flashy scenes, it is as slow as the mower man runs and no, you Neither does it need to look at the fine soundtrack, not even because there are none. But why should you see it? Well, the simple answer is the story. I haven't seen such a moving movie with such a strong story very often, and the fact that it actually comes from Hollywood and - to make things even better - from Disney Studio's (that's right, the same studies that overwhelm us with sugar sweet nonsense) makes it even more special. I am not ashamed to admit that I had tears in my eyes a few times while I watched it, probably because the whole situation of not seeing anyone for many years because of some stupid argument is far too realistic for me. <Br /> <br /> Some people will claim that the story is very low, but I really don't agree. Perhaps it is because they only see the old man running on his lawnmower and will not think anymore. If you look closely enough than you understand that this man does all this because he knows he's once been wrong, only his pride stood in the way of seeing his brother again and that he would also like to see everyone others, so they will not make the same mistake. If it's not deep enough, how much deeper should a story go to you then? <br /> <br /> I would also like to add that this movie really had it all. Some beautiful landscapes (finally an American movie showing something other than the skyline in New York, Chicago or another big city), some very fine plays by Richard Farnsworth, Sissy Spacek ... and a very understandable way of telling despite fact that this is a David Lynch movie. I now know I was completely wrong assuming that this movie would not be to my liking. It's one of the very best movies I've seen for a long time. This movie was aimed at my heart and hit the bull's eye. I give it all 10/10.
