Perhaps more than many movies, this is not for everyone. For some people, the idea of ​​slowing, reflecting and letting things happen in their own time is a good description of their personal hell. For others, an approach like this speaks to a deep part of itself, they know exists, a part they long for contact with. <br /> <br /> I suppose it's a function of where I am in my own life these days, but I count myself in the last group camp. I found the meditative pace of this movie almost hypnotic, and led me gently into some realms almost mythological. This is really a travel story, a rich depiction of the distance, many of us have to travel if we are to get in full circle at the end of our days. Much as written by Mr Farnsworth's presentation of Alvin Really, although I am not sure there are words to express the exquisite balance of confused sadness and clever innocence he believed for us. When he now knew that he was actually able to meet his own mortality when he was sitting on the tractor chair, I wish I had had the opportunity to spend time with him before he left. I hope he had a little glimmer of the satisfaction and truth he had brought to so many people, not only to "act," but to share his absolute humanity with such a brutal honesty. <br /> <br /> Given the reality of the production economy, I'm not sure full credit has been given to Mr Lynch for the courage he showed in letting history evolve so slowly. An outsider for film production, however, I understand that there are few areas in modern life where the term "time is money" is so precisely descriptive. Deep in our hearts is not an adventure that can be hasty, and for his sake Lynch seems to have understood that he not only told a story - he urged his viewers to spend some time with their own mortality. No simple task. If you want to experience the power of the movie to introduce yourself to some valuable part of yourself, you can do worse than spending a few hours with The Straight Story. And then give yourself time for the next little moment and just listen to its echoes in the small hours of the night.
