It is difficult to find a rather bad historical drama based on the lives of a number of British monarchs. Just take a reputable British or Australian actor, make things look good, and you're guaranteed a formula for Oscar's success. <br /> <br /> The young Victoria is no exception, gets almost everything about it, the filmography beats and beautiful, with soft lights and lush colors and fabrics. Starring Emily Blunt in a role she can finally float in, begins the movie with Victoria's 18th birthday and moves through intrigues and troubles that mentioned her possible rise to the throne and her famous marriage to Prince Albert (Rupert Friend). As young Victoria paralyzes herself, she moves as a chessman of a number of parties as she finds her foot and her voice as one of Britain's most influential lines. <br /> <br /> While moving around the chessboard, is quite typical area, it is the development of Victoria's relationship with albert that makes the movie a little more interesting. I confess: I have a degree in history with a specialization in the Victorian era, so I am somewhat attached to these figures. Despite their many faults as rulers, Victoria and Albert were some of the first leaders devoted to improving civilization for their people. They left their legacy in the fields of art, public health and education, and in Victoria's conservative view and grieving culture after Albert's death. But these things are only briefly suggested during the film. It is quite well established that Victoria and Albert were not only crazy in love, but held a level of respect for each other, which is not normally seen between monarchs in arranged marriages. Although it emerged behind the scenes, their certainly was one of the best known. Blunt and and Friend have just the right type of chemistry to do the famous couple justice, the right mix of restraint and desperation. It is another love that usually does not appear on the screen, especially in this kind of movie. It is encouraging to finally see a relationship where man and woman are on equal footing. <br /> <br /> But we can't see that love enough. While the filmmakers are trying to look after the affair of the political staircases, it does not completely build the kind of momentum needed to keep the tension high. Even without immersing themselves in the parties' more advanced important public work, things feel a bit in limbo, superficial rather than intimate, and sometimes confusing. It's not that big a problem during the movie, but afterwards the effects wear out quite quickly and you find yourself trying to remember what you've just seen, despite the leaders' perfect performance, most notably Blunt, who even captures the famous monarch's expression . <br /> <br /> For as much as it tries, Victoria succeeds on many levels, but lacks any mica that would take it from solid to classic.
