Just as it was easy to assume that a costume drama about royalty could not go anywhere, we got a treat, a moving and intelligent drama rooted in strong and charismatic performances by Emily Blunt, a marvel in the leading role Paul Bettany, Rupert Friend , Miranda Richardson and Mark Strong, as the immediate forces that help shape the development of one of England's most powerful monarchs. "The Young Victoria" dramatizes the young woman's tumultuous transition to power. <br /> <br /> Emily plays the Queen with a good combination of raw strength and innocence, one who recognizes the complexity of the task at hand, but who has enough confidence to move forward. She is able to portray Victoria as a sparse young woman who knows that she needs the support of some key actors and must be able to stand up for those who may now have their best interests. <br /> <br /> Victoria will catch a barrage of intrusion on the way to the crown, and even as she commands her new position, she discovers the way to self-sufficiency, depends on making some very important decisions and of course the right support . Fortunately for Victoria, there is Albert, a man who seems to like her and is her soul collector. There is great chemistry between the two performing artists, and there is little doubt about the result, but there is the figure of Bettany's prime minister, a man who gives Victoria some wise support and is also fond of her. <br /> <Miranda Richardson and Mark Strong shine in supporting roles as two parties who may be of dubious character and exercise a significant amount of power in the upbringing of the young girl. Each of the supporting characters could use a little more development, but what we can see on the screen is enough to keep us focused on the central character and excellent performance of Blunt, an actress who has shown enough fire and passion in past performances . Here she gets her career paused, a truly historic figure that broke the rules and managed to manage for a very long time. She shows the seeds of the strength and character that the monarch needed in her later years. She also has a sweetness and innocence that became the basis of her charitable work and future interventions in social change. "The young Victoria" is not a royal epic depiction of England's ruling class. It is an intimate story of how people grow up and what special circumstances surround and shape them. In the end, the film is a wonderful post for a year that has shown great importance on war and destruction. Here is a message that good writing and good mediation can take us very far, and of course there is a good old-fashioned love story.
