There you can just see? Dowdy Queen Victoria, the lumpy monarch who was a virtual retreat for 40 years after her husband, Prince Albert, actually died of drama and intrigue in his younger days. "The Young Victoria" not only circles the young queen's romance with her husband-to-be, but it also does a pretty good job of explaining the political motives surrounding her ascent to the throne. <br /> <br /> The law I set up draws you immediately. After Victoria's father, Duke of Kent in 1820, less than a year after Victoria's birth, the duchess of Kent eventually became associated with former chief officer John Conroy, who offered his services as spokesman for the widow and her infant queen to be. Conroy insisted that Victoria was raised under the terrible 'Kensington system', rules that should prevent the future queen from having contact with other children while they are growing up. Incidentally, Victoria was forced to sleep in her mother's bedroom every day until she became queen. <br /> <br /> The film explains that in 1830 the Parliament adopted the Regency Act, which stated that Victoria's mother would be regent (and thus the Guardian) in the event that Victoria joined the throne while still underage. During this time, the Duchess and Conroy tried to scare the creepy princess and insisted that she sign papers that made Conroy her private secretary and treasurer. Strong Will Victoria didn't want any of it and refused to follow Conysys and her mother's frightening plans. The Duchess disliked King William when she regarded him as a filander who brought respect to the monarchy; The king believed the duchess respected his wife. As a result, the Duchess tried to limit Victoria's contact with the King. On an over-the-scene that seemed to have taken place in history, the king calculated the duchess on his birthday brush, saying that it was his goal to survive until Victoria reached his 18th birthday so that her mother would not reign . <br /> <br /> King William kept his word and died shortly after Victoria became eligible to join the throne. Victoria took revenge on her mother for her support from Conroy, which she blamed for making childhood so miserable. They were both banished to a secluded apartment in Buckingham Palace, and for several years Victoria had little contact with her mother. <br /> <br /> 'The Young Victoria' transfers the excitement and the pumping and circumstances of Victoria's coronation as queen. A good part of the movie deals with Victoria's relationship with Lord Melbourne, the Whig Party Prime Minister, who unfortunately is depicted in the film so much younger than he actually was. Initially, Melbourne gets the young Queen's trust and they become good friends. In the early years of her reign, she expects to see Melbourne as a progressive, but later loses respect for him as he is revealed to be a typical politician who hides his contempt for the masses he is supposed to be championing. In fact, Melbourne was more figurative to Victoria, but the film suggests some sexual tension between the prime minister and Prince Albert, as if they were romantic rivals. The ground thickens when Melbourne is forced out and the queen must pass Sir Robert Peel, the more conservative Tory party, as the new prime minister. The film chronicles the events of 'The Bedchamber Crisis', where Peel resigns after Victoria refused to replace some of his Bedchamber ladies with the Tory politicians' wives. The movie leaves another scandal involving a Lady Hastings, a duchess of waiters who was accused of having an affair with John Conroy and getting pregnant by him. Due to her hatred of Conroy, Victoria contributed to the unpleasant rumors that spread about Hastings' alleged pregnancy. As it turned out, Hastings showed only pregnant ?? What she actually had was an abdominal tumor. Victoria's inexperience shows under Bedchamber Crisis, but the film's scenarios ignore some of the more eerie aspects of her character, as evidenced by Hastings Affair. The rest of 'The Young Victoria' deals with - of course - the romance between the Queen and Prince Albert. Victoria kept Albert waiting, as the film highlights as she wanted to acclimatize to her duties as the new sovereign. They spent a good deal of time similar to each other until Albert returned to England and gave Victoria support during the trial times at Bedchamber Crisis. <br /> <br /> I find a good number of parallels between Prince Albert and Prince Philip, the current Queen's husband. While Philip is mainly Danish, he went to school in Germany and had in-laws who had German background. Both Albert and Philip made it their business to reform the label in the Court (there is a fantastic scene where Albert discovers that the servants are still tableing King George III, even though he has been dead for many years!). Albert's fight was the same for Philip ?? as spouses of monarchs, they had to find something to do. Both Albert and Philip became involved in various civilian projects and found that they did not have to live constantly in the shadow of their ever-popular wives. Fortunately, there is an excellent scene at the end of the movie where Albert wounds Victoria with what she sees as her "interference" in her affairs. Albert does not want another 'Bedchamber Crisis', so he goes over his wife's head and arranges a compromise with Victoria's bedchamber ladies. Victoria probably doesn't talk to Albert when an assassin spheres them almost downwards (in the movie Albert is shot in the arm, but it's never happened!). The performance in the film is uniformly excellent, especially the principles of Emily Blunt and Rupert Friend. The young Victoria ends quite steeply, and the final credits are too much in the direction of hagiography (no mention of Victoria's depression after Albert's death). But 'Victoria' is still an exciting drama and a fascinating history lesson.
