I was initially forced to join my wife as she is fascinated by the UK's royal families and their history, and she won't go to the movies without me. Although viewers should not expect to be electrified, this movie is very well made, and the visual aspect is second to none. In many ways, it helps to destroy the myth that Victoria was the innocent, unsmiling dumpy woman normally seen in photographs. She was a clear intelligent and according to the story of her early years, a fun loving happy young woman. Her love for Albert was the essence of true love, and even if you count only the number of children she bore (9), they must have had a passionate relationship. All this goes well with the film. For this purpose, the cast has been selected by both Emily Blunt and Rupert Friend, who provide sound performances such as Victoria and Albert. <br /> <br /> (SPOILER ALERT) The historic accuracy is somewhat questionable when Prince Albert gets shot while defending Victoria. There was at least one murder attempt when they were out together, but no one was hit by the shot / s. I also found it strange that the little one was done to extend the allegedly intimate relationship between Victoria's mother and Sir John Conroy. It is very likely that this relationship was the true cause of Victoria's disgust for both her mother and Conroy. I also found it odd that there was an attempt to portray the relationship between Victoria and Lord Melbourne that degraded the romantic, or at least have the potential to be romantic. He was already in his late 50's when Victoria came to the throne, and while marriages between older men and young women were commonplace in that era, the film shows Melbourne as a dashing 30 something and competing with Prince Albert. There were apparently rivals for Albert, but she could never have married yet a little under her station in life, and Albert was one of only a handful who would at least have been acceptable. All in all, I've spent worse times at the cinema, and brownie points with my wife can't be a bad thing either.
