It is Queen Victoria's misfortune to be defined as a historical figure according to her relationship with men. Shortly after she succeeded, she came under the influence of her Prime Minister Lord Melbourne to the extent that she became known as "Mrs Melbourne". After her beloved husband, Albert, she was referred to as "the widow of Windsor", and many years later, a long-time friendship with her Scottish ghillie John Brown got her nicknamed "Mrs Brown". Thus, the prize is women paid in a patriarchal society. The reality is something different, and "Young Victoria" goes some way towards putting the plate straight and depicting the queen as an intelligent and independent young woman conscious of the inequalities in her society and her right. Courts have always been hotbeds of seething jealousy, plotting and counter-plotting, nude ambition and sometimes, direct murder. As an 18-year-old innocent, Victoria climbs up to her uncle's throne and thus initiates a positive orgy of intrigue and a power struggle between Prime Minister Lord Melbourne and his rival Sir Robert Peel. Lord Melbourne cuts a touch of Old Public School Man in a way with his fine-honed cynicism and his well-polished pearls of advice. It is hardly surprising that the young queen finds himself in awe of him, and perhaps even a little in love, an awe that he ruthlessly does, and draws a fine line between the attempt and the regret as he strengthens his policy through Victoria's better judgment. In the arena, Prince Albert rides on a mission from King Leopold in Belgium, eager for political rapprochement between Britain and the rest of Europe. Initially, he is reluctant with his girlfriends, he soon falls in love with the English queen and palletizes the influence of politicians and hips. "The Young Victoria" is a beautifully photographed, excellent score and very sumptuous film. I note that some places have been criticized for this opulence as if a 19th-century English royalty film should somehow have shown India's Empress and her family living in rags in a dirty building. .... I don't think so. I must appoint the remarkable Miss Emily Blunt whose beauty reminded me of the young princess Margaret. She is of course the decisive role, and she has absolutely no trouble dominating the movie despite strong performances by Jim Broadbent, Miss Miranda Richardson and Miss Harriet Walter, all immensely more experienced. The music is suitably royal and constitutes a coherent part of the entire film without being in any way intrusive. The fact that Britan flourished more during her two great queens, Elisabet First and Victoria, than at any other time is a question the feminists like to do more of, but I suppose, like Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher, really powerful women get them to feel uncomfortable.If you can find out why there may be a PhD in it.
