All in all, I thought it was a very nice movie - I hate to use the word "nice" as it is pretty dry, but it was very beautiful to look at, and the key ideas of Rupert Friend and Emily Blunt were very strong. What I liked the most was that, despite the gleaming aesthetics of costumes and the settings, all gilded and shiny, this aspect never took over the heart of the movie, which was good, strong writing (thanks Julian Fellowes: D); nothing too flamboyant or saturated with pump, ie. not much sensationalized (when Victoria is pulled out of bed to be informed, she is now queen, you couldn't get a less glamorous hand over the crown). It was paced gently and every line of the film kept its worth. <br /> <br /> Undoubtedly, the portrayal of the love between Victoria and Albert, although it was something adventurous in the face, was actually a slow-burning light and Friend and Blunt did well to show how easy these two people fit "together despite the association originally being arranged (my fave bit was when they came home after hunting and Victoria simply hugs her new husband from behind, so much so without words it is about movies). Blunt also stayed beautifully good, she has a face that requires your attention, and I can't mention the costumes she wears - each one simply beautiful. If I were Blunt, I would have trouble dismissing any of them! The rest of the ensemble cast all their roles well, Harriet Walter as Queen Adelaide is a highlight. <br /> <br /> The only nuisance I have is that it lacked a sense of urgency or an event that could have made the movie a little more exciting? (It was pretty tame) I don't know I wanted anything to do that would make Victoria some strength and prove her worth a little more. When she and Albert argued, I loved what I could have done with some more crucial dramatic moments, even though it might just be me. Finally, I was at risk of stifling all patriotic kinds of pride and awe in the crown and what is required to be in such a position, especially in such a young. This may be due in part to the fact that this movie's snapshot of Victoria's young life is immediately suited to what I have written for one of my characters in 'The Sword & The Scion', but nevertheless they spread these feelings (for them that follows my book, can you guess what character Victoria so adequately reflects?) It could have been partly that the movie showed how ridiculous the government was back in those times as they did not seem to give two hoots about the poor and disposed of the nation who, in turn, only renews appreciation that Queen Victoria and Prince Albert were so active in this homeland. That made the government seem quite useless - nothing much has changed, so I assume. <br /> <br /> BLOG on movies and books: http://sempergratis.blogspot.com
