What more can you say? I have not been fascinated by a young actress since Cate Blanchett was on stage more than ten years ago. And even though both Blanchett and Blunt have played Queens now (seems to be the benchmark for up and coming actresses), the roles are complete polar contradictions. <br /> <br /> Put simply, if you are looking for high passion, compelling drama, and Machiavellian intrigue, this is not the movie for you. This is not to say that the manuscript or direction was bad, it was just that the subject of the film did not lead to too dramatic a life compared to other notable royalty like Elizabeth I, Anne Boylen, Henry VIII, Henry V, Henry II and Elainor of Acquitane. It is people whose lives were things that good soap operas are made of and whose policies and decisions changed the course of British and, in most cases, world history. Victoria, by contrast, climbed the throne without incident, she quasi-governed a nation that quickly became a global power due to industrialization and the rise of the navy, her state had a stable government led by competent and dynamic politicians, and she married young had a harmonious family life. Facts in her life are not Sturm und Drag, which powerful dramas are made of. <br /> <br /> The heart of the film, apart from attempting to dramatize her stultifying upbringing and machinations around her throne, is the story of the only thing that was truly shocking and surprising at her government - a love story. Marriage made for economic or political reasons is not necessarily the place to look for the world's shaking passion, but Victoria will always be remembered in history as a patron saint marital fidelity, happiness, and ideal family life. Thus, the core of the film is the permanent love of Victoria and her prince Albert. I was very much taken with Rupert Friends characterization by Albert, whom he portrayed as a kind, patient, somewhat serious and perhaps a spoken naive young man who seemed to "do good in the world and help". In short, he is a good man with a good heart, not the most dynamic figure to base a drama around, but since it is not the point of history, it does not matter. The heart of the character shines through thanks to the friend's undervalued but serious performance. <br /> <br /> As for the queen, well .. Emmily Blunt is sublime. Her beauty cannot be denied, but she is more than anything beautiful to look at; her face is like quicksilver because of her expressiveness. The smallest eye of the eyebrow, the eye-eye or a small crooked smile delivers so much. Again, it is not a bombastic performance of heavy speeches and inappropriate arguments, it is not that kind of movie. But what Mrs Blunt does with the role is to show the simple humanity of the character with strong subtlety. <br /> <br /> For example, we see joie de vivre who has been in control of Victoria's mother (Miranda Richardson) and her scheming advisor / lover Conroy expressed in the simple things that Victoria is trying to outline her dog. We see her joy and fascination by first meeting Albert by the eyes constantly drawn to him. We see her nervous and overwhelmed when addressing Parliament about her ascent. And my favorite scene in everything in the movie - we see her nervous, happy and hopeful as she steals herself to do what most women never have to do in their lives - ask the man she loves to marry her, one suggestions so ridiculous for the times (and some would say now) that Victoria bursts into nervous laughter before she can even say "marry me". Again, it is not a movie above the top that is greater than the expression of life, but more a study of a character's subtleties and the little things say so much. <br /> <br /> Overall, I judge film by what it is and what it was trying to do, and as such I give it a 7. I felt some of the politics could be better explained and some very fine actors were wasted with little and little character development, namely Miranda Richardson as the duchess of Kent and the characters Conroy and Lord Peal. Again, the film should not have spent much time on these characters, but a little more exhibit would have contributed to explaining the political environment. I would also have loved to have seen more of the adjustment to poison life between Victoria and Albert, but it may just be my greed for more scenes between Friend and Blunt. <br /> In summary, you should not see this movie in the form of a historical drama, but for what it really is, a love story between two characters that happen to be historical characters. I give this movie a solid 7 for wonderful lead performances, brilliant costumes and scenery and the magnificent Victoria of Emily Blunt. And anyone who has some veil of romance back in them, you will be touched at the end of this movie. God keep the queen.
