Having someone hold your hand when going up or down the stairs? Did others taste your food before eating it? Facing an indulgent mother? There are only a few of the obstacles that young Victoria has to deal with in this movie (there are also the various power struggles going on and trying on her life). Needless to say, it provides very fascinating and informative viewing. <br /> <br /> I had previously seen Emily Blunt in The Devil Wears Prada (and a little bit more). When she was in that movie, she's in standby again. I was extremely impressed with her portrayal of the young Victoria, and thought she handled the role very well. She makes the transition from the young Victoria we meet at the start of the movie to Queen Victoria, she later becomes completely credible. Blunt is perfectly cast in the role and shows all the different sides (from the vulnerable, to the strong, from the young Victoria making mistakes to the queen who takes control). There is not enough to say about Emily Blunt in this role. She is - simply - exquisite and orders your attention every second she is on the screen. She keeps you transfixed through the movie's final shot. <br /> <br /> Rupert Friend also turns out to be well-molded as Victoria's love interest (and possibly man), Prince Albert. The actors have good chemistry and you totally believe in their development. They have their disagreements, but you can tell they are in love. Blunt and Friend are excellent in every scene they share and keep you interested in what happens between Victoria and Albert. The other actors in the film are also very good. Paul Bettany as Lord Melbourne, Miranda Richardson as Duchess of Kent, Mark Strong as Sir John Conroy and Jim Broadbent as King William. There is not a single bad performance in this movie. The less focused people are also well placed, given the small screen time they have. Even Victoria's dog (a Cavalier King Charles Spaniel named Dash) is memorable and has an influence in the movie. Although the film tends to skip more than a few aspects of Victoria's life - especially at the end - and instead * tells * what happened (with her and Albert) on the screen, what matters most is what we actually see *. It's a movie about 'The Young Victoria' (not the 'Middle Ages Victoria' or 'The Old Victoria'). While there are some decorations made on the story of this movie, it is still focused on what it stands to do - which tells us the story of how the young princess rose to power. <br /> <br /> The movie looks great, the Emily Blunt bear costumes are visually stunning and the music only adds to the movie, it never detracts. It is unusually shot, and unlike many movies these days, this film is actually a good length, as it does not run so long that you lose interest or feel it is unnecessarily pulled out. <br /> <br /> It goes without saying that what makes this movie so great is Emily Blunt. She is in good shape here and turns to another excellent performance and raises this film over what it might have been if another actress had been cast into this rather important / historic role. This is a fine film, with excellent performances that should definitely be seen. If you have an appreciation for a fascinating look at a woman who was extremely important in history, this is a must-see.
