The cinematic interests of the British monarchy continue with The Young Victoria (1837-1 1901). Having seen in recent years, the efforts of Keira Knightley's Duchess, Cate Blanchett's Elizabeth movie and Scarlett Johansson and Natalie Portman have taken the Boleyn sisters with the Second Boleyn Girl. Several contemporary stories will include Helen Mirren's award-winning portrayal of The Queen at the present-day Queen Elizabeth II by Princess Diana's death. <br /> <br /> Each of the films mentioned featured great actresses with acting gravity (ok, so some can contest Johansson) or were their moments of taste, and each movie had a final moment in their historical character heritage that it becomes a no brainer to get these events highlighted, and actually had Elizabeth enough to span two movies. However, the young Victoria, as the title already suggests, is a small version of the young queen's life, and if you are looking for the final event or the high political intrigue that plagues all royal households and their relationship with shady, self-serving politicians, unfortunately there nothing in depth here. <br /> <br /> It's not saying The Young Victoria is without. Directed by Canadian Jean-Marc Vallee (known for CRAZY) and written by Julian Fellowes, this film chronicles in very simple terms, the life and times of Victoria (Emily Blunt, soon becomes the new It girl) when she was a child, the problems , before confronting Coronation, as her mother, the duchess of Kent (Miranda Richardson) and her counselor Sir John Conroy (Mark Strong), she confronted herself as a common ruler for her throne as already planned by reigning King William (Jim Broadbent). As if that wasn't enough, the political power game comes into play with Lord Melbourne (Paul Bettany) as a prime minister waiting to trust the new queen and subtly plant his own credible allies into positions within the palace. On the one hand, do you understand the need for a young and new queen to trust people in key positions, but on the other hand, do they really work in her interests or in the interest of others? <br /> <br /> Even this intriguing angle creeps into its romantic story with Prince Albert (Rupert Friend), where their relationship makes up the bulk of the other half of the movie, and pretty much everything that is already included in trailers . For both, they have been brought under the influence of others and told every step of the way what to do. Even their union may seem like a permanent record of an alliance, if not for both lovers to acknowledge their common need to establish their own basic connection and to do so through one another. Instead of being a farmer, there is this constant search and probing of opportunities to break out of suffocating and sometimes absurd, rules and rules. Trust also becomes a much valued commodity, and loyalty can also be traded because you want to clean slate. However, all these themes become a breeze through the story, from childhood to romance, marriage and children. In fact, there is such a very fast transmission here, especially the last few minutes filled with intertitles, that it actually leaves the audience wanted more and of course place another movie, which I probably wouldn't see the light of day, but maybe a television series pick up the film's answer and come out with a mini-series or such. It is a pity that all efforts here to ensure the beautiful costumes, sets and art direction would be limited to a movie that is rather light in theme and brief mention of problems that they do not really challenge the protagonists to allow some to overcome character-defining opponent. <br /> <br /> With its star-studded cast one would expect more, but one would be back who wanted more instead. Recommended to those who are ever curious about kings and queens in the British monarchy, only as a complement to other more engaging stories available in the other films already mentioned.
