Princess Victoria (Emily Blunt) is in line with England's throne. The current King William (Jim Broadbent) is not good and cannot live long. However, Vicky's mother-in-law, duchess of Kent (Miranda Richandson) and her aide, John (Mark Strong), will force Victoria to sign papers declaring them "regents" until she is older when she is only 20 year of age. The young lady refuses, despite John beating her around. It is another sign that Victoria has a strong will and deep love for her country. But when William passes by, shortly after her 21st birthday, Victoria says she has a big job for her. First, she must surround herself with the "right" counselors to manage wisely. She chooses stylish Lord Melbourne (Paul Bettany), who, although an elderly man, is mentioned as a suitor for Vicky. It brings us to the second great decision of the young queen. First of all, the young queen should choose her future mate, as it will bring stability to her life and to the kingdom, for an heir to appear in the years to come. Meanwhile, there are also some plans in some remote relatives of the British royal family in Germany. Stylish Prince Albert (Rupert Friend), of the Saxony-Coburg dynasty, is equipped by his father to convict the young English royal. When he arrives at the castle, he is beaten and the feeling seems to be mutual. But since he is a smaller player on the map of royal battle production, can he succeed in winning his heart? This is a nice movie, made even better by a complete winning performance by Emily Blunt like Victoria. Yes, she is beautiful, but it is her intelligent reading of the role that scores a lot. Friend also does well, just like the other actors, including Broadbent, Richardson, Bettany, Strong (which repulsive role!) And the rest. Also, the film is swallowed shot, costumed and set, making it a visual treat in every way. If something is missing, it is an extra dose of glare, as the film seems a little too straightforward and prosaic, sometimes with some imaginative editing. However, this is only a small, small argument in an overall very successful and beautiful film. In short, young and old, should take time for Young Victoria. It is a most worthy movie among 2009 cinematic offers.
