Queen Victoria's 63-year-old government is perhaps one of the most documented and popularly known historical regimes in British history. On the one hand, her history lacks the previous congressional theater, thanks to a change in social climate and attitudes, and on the other, her story is one that continues because it is strange man. In the past years of his life, where the budding romance between himself and the German prince Albert was at the forefront, director Jean-Marc Vallée, who was only until recently in the industry's unknown shadows, took Victoria's history and captures it human element so crucial to her heritage. It is a story that feels extremely humble in view of its sparkling background, and it is partly what gives it a clear edge here that sets it apart from the usual fare. With a very direct and focused approach centering on a short five or so years between her ascension and marriage with Albert, The Young Victoria does what little bit of this kind offers. Instead of trying to get an effervescent encapsulation of such a lifetime's life, Vallée instead of showing one of the lesser-known intricacies of Victoria's early years, easily overlooked in favor of the more publicly recognized acclaim. The result is a feature that can misunderstand historians thanks to its relatively nice greeting to facts and the like, but without letting the document get in the way of extracting a compelling story, Julian Fellowes authorizes his weapons and delivers a little romanticized but compelling portrayal. Vallée takes this and runs, so be sure to fully utilize these elements with enough restraint to maintain the integrity of both the history and viewer involved. <br /> <br /> Much of the joy of watching The Young Victoria play out, but simply lies in the production values ​​provided here that bring the early 19th century Regal Britain to life with a powerful realism, so rare achieved quite as strikingly of genre films. Everything from costume design, sets, hair styles, lighting and photography highlights the grandiose backdrop of Victoria's history without overloading it. Although Vale's interpretation comes to life here, it is very difficult not to be sucked exclusively through the aesthetics that permeates the visual element; And then there's the movie's score, which seems huge to promote the very elegant but personal tones that dominate Fellowes' script. Joining the works of Schubert and Strauss to Victoria and Albert's history not only serves as a point of reference for the characters to be played, but also reported to the work of elegance and refraining from repeating the composer Ilan Eshkeri's original work as well. <br /> But for all the exciting compositions, lush scenery and immaculate costumes that puncture every scene, the most important factor here and in fact is for most period drama appearances of cast and how they help Bring the world they exist in to life. Fortunately, The Young Victoria is blessed with an equally tasteless ensemble of thespians, both young and old, doing a great job of doing just that. Between the sweet, thriving romance of Victoria (Emily Blunt) and Albert (Rupert Friend) and the slightly antagonistic battles of her advisors and the like (spewed by a fantastic Mark Strong and Paul Bettany), the conflicts and warmth of Fellowes play are perfectly transmitted here by all involved, helping to keep the movie from being a plastic "nice to look at but dunk during" affair so common with these excursions. In the end, it is difficult to fault a job such as The Young Victoria. It has a perfect touch and human sense of love within its perfect pace of romance, plus a historical significance that plays as an exciting source of interest to those in the audience who are eager for such details. It must not, of course, take the biographical world by storm, and there is some importance to its overall presence, which prevents it from becoming more than just a tense detained romantic period drama; But in a sense it is what makes it fun. Vallée never seems to strive for greatness, nor does he seem to be content with making a mill-escapist bit for aficionados. Somewhere within this gray midfield lies The Young Victoria, which caters for genre refinements and the slightly more disillusioned with the usual productions; beautiful, memorable but most of all human beings. <br /> <br /> - A Review by Jamie Robert Ward (http://www.invocus.net)
