Apart from having the longest reign in British history (63 years), Queen Victoria also has two other differences. She was, apart from our current queen, the oldest ever British monarch who lived 81 years old. And she was also the youngest ever British (as opposed to English or Scottish) monarch who came to the throne as a girl of eighteen. And yet when television or cinema makes a program or movie about her, they seem far more interested in the older Victoria than they do in the young girl; The version of Victoria with which modern audience is likely to be best known is Judi Dench in "Mrs Brown". "The Young Victoria" is trying to correct the balance by showing us the events of her accession and the early years of her reign. It has the rare difference of being produced by a former Royal, Sarah Duchess of York whose daughter Princess Beatrice makes a short look like an extra. <br /> <br /> There are three main strings to the plot. The first is about the intrigues of Victoria's mother, Duchess Kent, a very unpopular figure even with her own daughter, mainly due to the influence of her advisor Sir John Conroy, who testified to be her lover. (According to an unfounded rumor, he was, not the late Duke of Kent, Victoria's natural father). The second string concerns the growing romance between Victoria and her German cousin Prince Albert, and King Leopold's attempt at Belgium, which was uncle for both of them, to influence this romance. (Leopold's hope was to increase Sachs-Coburg's prestige, to which both he and Albert belonged). The third relates to one of the strangest episodes in British political history, the bed warrior crisis of 1839, when supporters of the Tory party (who had traditionally supported a strong monarchy) appeared because the young queen was perceived to favor the Whig party and their leader Melbourne, even though the whigs had historically supported a quasi-republican government system, with the monarch reduced to an image head. <br /> <br /> Scriptwriter Julian Fellowes is renowned for his conservative views, and at times I wondered if this might have tinted his treatment of political themes that he seems to lean against the Tories predecessors to the modern conservative party. Their leader Robert Peel is shown as statesmanlike and dignified, while Melbourne for all his dash and charm is shown as rude and uninterested in social reform. There may be some truths that are these characteristics, but Fellowes rejoices in the fact that Tories only a few years earlier had opposed the Reform Act, which ended the corrupt election system for rat cities, and had benefited from William IV's constitutional dismissal of a Whig administration. <br /> <br /> Lessons in Dynamic and Constitutional History do not always transfer well to the cinema screen, and this includes its share of inaccuracies. For example, Prince Albert was not hurt in Edward Oxford's attempt at Victoria's life, and Melbourne (in his late fifties at the time of Victoria's accession) was not as youthful as he is portrayed here by Paul Bettany. King William IV really apologized to Duchess Kent (who was his sister-in-law), but I doubt he would have gone as far as abusing her at a state-run bank he is doing here. I also failed to understand the meaning of the scene where the Duchess and Conroy are trying to force Victoria to sign a "government order"; The Duchy's constitutional position was highlighted by the Regency Act 1830, which presupposed that she would become Regent if her daughter was still eighteen at the time of accession. No piece of paper signed by Victoria could have changed the law. <br /> <br /> There are also occasional infiltrates. At an early stage we see Victoria and Albert playing chess while comparing themselves with the bands being moved around a chessboard, a metaphor so chopped that the whole scene should have come complete with a "Danger! Major cliché ahead!" warning. But despite scenes like this, I came to enjoy the movie. There were some good performances, especially from Miranda Richardson as the villain duchess and Mark Strong as the unpleasant Conroy. It is visually very attractive to be shot in lavish style, we have come to connect with the British historical drama. Jim Broadbent gives a fun ride as King William, although he sometimes succumbs to the temptation to go over the top. (Although it wasn't so disastrous over the top as he was in the "Moulin Rouge"). <br /> <br /> However, the main reason for the film's success is the notion of Emily Blunt and Rupert Friend as the two young lovers Victoria and Albert. Blunt is probably more attractive than Victoria was, but in her lovely depiction, the queen is no longer the old lady of the popular fantasy, the black-dressed widow of Windsor, who was not always amused, but a definite, strong mind and loving young woman. Her love for Albert and their happy family life together was one of the main reasons the monarchy succeeded in restoring in the feelings of the British people. (With the exception of George III, Victoria's Hanoverian ancestors had been notorious flaws in adulterers). Blunt and Friend make "The Young Victoria" a touching romance and a gripping human drama as well as an exploration of a key period in British history. 8.10
