The legend of Andrei Konchalovsky's towering 4 and a half hour poem to Siberia should not be started right away because it must stick to the room because it takes its time in the roundabout of half-housed childhood memories in a trip -century backwoods village, but the film continues to capture steam building in emotional resonance, as if even the sounds and images that compose it are being pursued by pure union with their subject with the quality of fierce tireless quiet dignity characterizing the Soviet working spirit. Konchalovsky celebrates Soviet collectivity, but in an almost revisionist way to paeans like Soy Cuba and Invincible, the mood becomes gloomy and reflective. The news of the revolution reaches the remote Siberian village through the vine. The fruits of its work only reach when a world war calls on the young men to catch up. Throughout this, Konchalovksy resigns to the individual with care and devotion to examine the bitter longing and regret of the woman who waited six years after the war for a fiancé who never returned, waited long enough to go out and become a barmaid in a ship with velvet benches, and as she ended years later to return to her village to take care of an aging uncle who killed the fiancé's father with an ax, the terrible audacity of the fiance who came back from the war was also quite 20 years late did not come back for the sake of the girl he left, but to drill oil for the motherland, the despair and resignation of the middle-aged regional party leader coming back to his small Siberian village for the sole purpose of exposing it card to build a power plant. The film is from decades to decades from the 10s to the 80s with amazing news footage following Soviet history from the revolution to war famine and the empirical titanic technological achievements (fantastic visuals here! All kinetic violence and crooked angles and flickering tight shots of crowds and faces), but the actual film focuses on the individual, on triumphs and bad little ones. At the second half, a feeling of bittersweet fatalism creeps in; of broken life that never reached fulfillment suffocation with regret and longing. "It can't matter," seems as if the world is saying, as Konchalovksy answers, "it must mean" because the protagonists continue to try to redeem. <br /> <br /> But behind this saga of "man-to-landscape" something seems to float, shady, almost substandard, like the eternal old mandemitemite that appears in each segment to steer or reject the protagonists, sometimes a mere spectator, sometimes the enigmatic sage; A little behind all the other straightforward and logical incomprehensible ultimatum's challenges and affirmations of the human signs seem somewhat invisible to fool. Fathers ghosts appear in sepia dreams, repeated shots of a star shining in the night sky, a curious bear, actually the eternal old man himself; Konchalovksy calls for awe and reverence before a mysterious second-order country. In his treatment of a small backwoods community struggling against nature's progress and time and in the way it learns to handle them, often fun bizarre and tragic at the same time, and in how the director never allows cynicism to override his humanism the one of I by Shohei Imamura is the thorough desires of God. When Alexei tears through a plank of a doorboard patched a propaganda poster by Stalin to reach out to his (dead) father as he disappears in the fog, the film shows betrayal of the Soviet dream, or better yet, of all the things that became lost in the revolution, this traitor made more evident in the film's burning degradation. The stunning visuals, elegant and gloomy with a raw naturalistic edge, help seal the deal. At the end of it, an oil film breaks out in flames, and the film breaks into a wild explosion of pure cinema.
