I have one thing for old black and white movies of this kind, movies by Will Hay and Abbot & Costello, especially as these are my favorites. I chose this movie on DVD as it used the same idea as Will Hays "Oh Mr Porter", which is one of the finest comedies ever made. I just finished watching this movie less than ten minutes ago (the movie finished at 12.45). I find out that movies of this kind that do with Ghost Trains, etc., are best seen at night with the lights out. That way you get into the story more and at night it looks good with this movie. The film in the film may seem a little dated to some viewers, I think it depends on the viewer. However, they are not dated to myself. I'm 28 and even though I'm not old enough to have been there when this movie was first released (my father was, though). I still have great thanks for some of the old films of this kind. Sitting in the room in front of the TV with some snacks and drinks and kicking back and relaxing at night while watching these movies, many things can't beat the feeling you get while doing this. It is an escape from reality for some time. I noticed that one of the men in the film (he has a black mustache), he appears about three-quarters of the way through the movie after his car crashes and he is looking for a woman he was followed to the station. This man was also in the Will Hay classic "The Ghost of St Michaels". Just thought I'd point it out if no one noticed :). The pieces in the film are very atmospheric. Outside, the abandoned station looks good and as if there is not a soul in miles in any direction, and the inside of the station is very cozy and looks away from the rain that lies outside. I felt that I would have loved to have been there in the movie with the cast. The atmosphere in this movie is something missing from a lot of movies now. It keeps you hooked from the moment the movie starts until it's finished. <br /> <br /> Today, we need more of this type of movie. But unfortunately it could be overlooked in favor of movies with nudity and heavy and raw humor. This kind of movie making era (The Ghost Train, Oh Mr Porter, etc.) To me is the cinema's golden age!
