This movie appears to be designed as a Fred Astaire-Ginger Rogers movie - plot overview, dance, zippy music and the whole formula is there ... except Ginger! Whether it was originally intended as a re-pairing of the team, it is uncertain, but it is certainly a look of one of those films. Instead of the usual sidekicks for Fred (like Eric Blore or Edward Everett Horton), Burns and Allen - probably since they were known as a comedy team - could sing and dance quite well. This shocked me in fact, but the team was a welcome addition, and some of the traditional Fred and Ginger numbers were made with either Fred and Gracie or those two with George. Only once in the end, Mrs Fontaine dances with Fred, but it is very short and with a distant camera shot. <br /> <br /> I'm talking about Burns and Allen, I owe it to the team to talk about them in the movie. I have never been a fan of their show or their movie. In general, I find Gracie's idiot act very annoying and I have given some bad reviews for their movie shorts and full length movies. But in this movie I have to admit that they were great - not only dancing competent, but I actually thought they were funny and filled the hole back by Edward Everett Horton very nicely. They were at the top of their games and the writers did a wonderful job in this section. <br /> <br /> Now, as for the rest of the movie, it's all too fun and entertaining. The problem for me, however, was that Joan Fontaine was not a particularly good choice for the movie - not just because she appeared outside her reach (she was not a singer or dancer) but because she had that screen presence of a ball of ribbon . Because of this, the usual balance and the big boy-girl dialogue were lacking. There was also a very charming performance by Harry Watson as a devil little boy who did everything he could to play cupid - all for making a bet! And finally I loved Fun House and the Tunnel of Love sequence - it's too hard to describe, but it's so fun to watch! Overall, I liked the movie quite a bit - it had a lot of charm and excellent writing. Unfortunately, it also had a dull performance by Mrs Fontaine, who hit a point - giving my score for this movie 7.
