Soon, the Americans would swim over a darkness, damaging England, preparing to invade Europe, but in 1937, the image of hip-Americans in the sunny, somewhat ridiculous English landscape was an appealing, idyllic diversion. American dance star and heartthrob Jerry Halliday (Astaire) on a European tour and tired of the screaming female crowds generated by the lurid propaganda of his manager (Burns), is involuntarily caught in the frustrated heirloom of Lady Alice Marshmorton (Fontaine). The story is complicated by a bunch of games by the Marshmorton servants run by (and rigged to) the main store Keggs (Gardiner), betting on Lady Alice's cousin Reggie (Noble), favorite Alice's bitch, dominant aunt (Collier). The story would have been much better than a half hour TV episode. The usual Wodehouse plot of wrong identity and jumping to wrong conclusions carries thin in a full-length movie. Both Alice & Jerry seem impossible (and annoying) clueless of the other half of the movie. The amusement park among themselves and the climax of the castle is too long and begins to pull. Fontaine is too beautiful, too dignified and too quiet to be a ditzy blonde, no matter how aristocratic, while the young founder Albert (Watson) is painfully awful. But while "Damsel" is a fairly diminutive vehicle for so much talent, the talent doesn't speak to us. Astaire's romantic comedy skill is no less enjoyable here than in any of his films with Ginger Rogers and his dance scenes, both solo & Burns & Allen, are up to each other, although his a dancer with novice hoofer Joan is necessarily pretty. Gracie almost steals the entire show as George's bubbly secretary, who is immediately the airbag, looking and buying confidently. Her scene with solid character actress curtains as the creeping snob of Keggs is a unique classic. This & Astaires priceless scene with the madrigal singers gives "Damsel" a lovely color of naive but noble sprouted Americans who interfere with noble but boring Englishmen. Gershwin is at the top of his game with "Nice Work if you can get it" and "Stiff Upper Lip", which carries the film through its weak points. And is there another movie where madrigals get a Gershwin swing treatment? "Damsel" is more than a piece of trivia for those who might want to see Astaire without Rogers or Fontaine before she was a real star. It's a great diversion as entertaining as any of the vaudevillian musical comedies that governed the 1930s, but will never be made again.
