In a famous essay he wrote about Charles Dickens that George Orwell points out that many readers always regret that Dickens never continued to write as he did in PICKWICK PAPERS: that is, he did not keep writing funny episodic novels for the rest of his career. This would not have been too difficult for Dickens. His contemporary Robert Surtees did just that which only concentrated on the foxjacket's misadventures (MR FANCY ROMFORD'S HOUNDS is a title of one of his novels). Among hunters and horse lovers, Surtees still has the following, but most find their short stories illegible. Dickens was determined to show that he was more than a fun man (and don't forget, his first book, SKETCHES BY BOZ, was also a fun book). So Dickens third book is OLIVER TWIST (which got pretty pointless). Orwell says that for any writer to grow, they have to change their books. Dickens would surely (and successfully) accept it. <br /> <br /> But Orwell overlooked the genre author who transcends his fellows. Surtees, as I said, is a genre writer focused on hunting - but not everyone is interested in hunting. But P.G.Wodehouse saw himself as an entertainer who laughed fun at the top of the British social system. His Earl of Emsworth has come to travel the finest pig in England than to be ... well Earl of Emsworth! His Psmith is always ready to counter-attack, as he is supposed to be submissive to an unfair superior. His Stanley Uckridge will always have a "perfect" scheme that should net a huge profit (but always get apart at the end). And best of all, his Jeeves will always put his brilliant brain to rescue his scary Bertie Wooster, his boss. When Wodehouse had a limited picture of his mission as a writer - he was there to make cartoon characters fun for the world of entertainment - his books never lost their glow. They served (and still serve) their purpose. In fact, Wodehouse compared to its much more serious present-day Evelyn Waugh, who also wrote fun books, but of a more intellectual type. The best of Waugh remains among the highest points in British literature from the 20th century: BRIDESHEAD REVISITED, DECLINE AND FALL, and the rest. But in his will to make his points, if his points could not interest the reader, the book often fell together. For every WILL, there was some failure in his career as ORDEAL OF GILBERT PINFOLD. While Wodehouse could also do less hack work, his fall did not go as far as Waughs did. <br /> <br /> Wodehouse was also a gifted poet (when you hear "Bill" in the score of SHOWBOAT, it's not Kern and Hammerstein's tune, but Kern and Wodehouse song transposed from "Oh Mrs. Wife" a dozen years former). He was also a practical playwright. So it is gratifying to see that he took his novel A DAMSEL IN DISTRESS and turned it into the manuscript here. <br /> <br /> It has the normal Wodehouse touches. The perfect butler Keggs (Reginald Gardiner in a wonderful performance) is a villain in rigging a "friendly" gaming game randomly among the staff of the magnificent home he is leading. Nor can he sometimes refrain from singing Italian opera - despite Constance Collier's attempt to control his impulse. This is typical Wodehouse characterization. Such is the love relationship between Lady Alyce and Jerry, continues to go well and go down because of Kegg's and Young Albert's antics, both of whom want to win this game chance cash. Wodehouse always does the kind of plot contact where antagonists change their point of view depending on their current interest. <br /> <br /> Wodehouse was also lucky here to get Burns and Allan to work with. It is generally considered for all the films that they have made as entertaining actors together (like the SIX OF A KIND, and we do not release). George and Gracie made their best support with Fred Astaire. The Fun House sequence, which contains the song "Stive Upper Lip", is wonderful as it is a previous order where the three make a "whisk broom" dance (as Astaire learned from Burns). But Gracie's wonderful illogical logic is used by Wodehouse in scenes with curtains (see how she manages to confuse him to give her more money than her change deserves to be - only Albert happens to notice Kegg's / Gardiner's flaws and looks at Gardiner as if he is either stupid or sour). Her dialogue with Lady Caroline (Colliers) son Reggie (Ray Noble, British bandleader) has made him imagine that he will marry her, but goodbye to Gracie while she goes away with George to get married, is also wonderful. <br /> <br /> The movie mistakenly suspected the cashier office because of the lack of Ginger Rogers in it and the weakness of Joan Fontaine. Fontaine does not do a remarkable job in the role, but the mistake is really Wodehouse's - he didn't make the character very interesting. But the film can stand without it, given the other performing artists and their characters, Gershwin's music and Wodehouse's amazing soul feel.
