Before 'Zavet' there was similarity between Tim Burton and Kusturica's artistic vision. They find their own poetic style, and then they become moist prisoners of it. Burton has (and still has) Depp, Kusturica has Miki Manojlovic, and somehow they got critical praise for repeating the same formula over and over again. But there are people like me who find joke fun only when they first heard it. That is the main reason why Kusturica's worst movie is 'Black cat white cat' and 'Life is miracle'. 'Zavet' is something completely different. You may like what you can hate it, but it's not just another coastal tourism poetic ?? Balkan dreamlike things. Of course, if you want to be praised, you must play safely. It was very easy for Kusturica to make another flying gypsies movie and get the prize. Fortunately, as a brave person, he chooses to make films that will be ironic, look at his earlier works. The 'Zavet' can be described as a strong and very hard parody of former Kusturica films directed by Kusturica itself. It is beautiful to see a big film director not to take care of seriously. This is quality that Kusturica has, and even the largest, such as Bergman or Kubrick, did not. This movie is so pointless that it becomes absurd, so absurd that it gets deep, and it's so much fun to be fun. The same thing that makes 'Plan 9 from outer space' cult would make this masterpiece to people who know how to see it. Average western viewer would not get any references. Most notable, the tire shop owner is Srbljanovic, and this refers to Biljana Srbljanovic, famous Serbian dramatic writer. Politically, she is very active as a leftist liberal, and she despises Kusturica's political views and anarchism. Kusturicas 'all but not subtle' take to her work was to neuter Miki Manojlovic in Srbljanovic's shop. Second reference is made to Goran Bregovic ?? former Kusturica's composer. He formed the 'Funeral and Wedding Orchestra' and begins to perform throughout Europe. Although he is praised as a great composer, Bregovic is just a performer and most of his songs (if not all) are bad covers on traditional Serbian songs. Kusturica's assume Bregovic was confronting a wedding and a funeral, with the funeral mocking the wedding. Music also covers Western classics such as the 'London Bridge Falling Down' or French Lullabies. You find this unfunny? Now you see how we feel in Serbia when we listen to Bregovic's horrible cover. I really liked this movie because it does not pretend to be deep, it is so crowded with symbols that it becomes parody, and it is beautifully directed as all his works are. If you like previous Kusturica's movies, there is a great chance that you will hate this. If you don't like some of his last movie, you may find it a pleasant surprise, because it's like Fellini, who instructs 'Pink Flamingos'. Intentionally. I have massive respect for this guy for 'Zavet'. Next, Tim Burton's movie would surely have the main character with bleached faces. Next Coastal movies can easily be about foreigners invading the earth. That's why he's the most interesting instructor on Earth, whether you like it or not.
