Kabei: Our mother (2008) is a poetic and sublime beauty from Japan. A real doggie! I had heard good reviews for the movie and rented it from Netflix. Am I glad I did! In many ways, this film reminded me of the old style of Japanese classical filmmaking from the 1940s and 1950s, which I have come to love as much as seen in the Yasujiro Ozu images - the title loans even begin in the same way, the Japanese letters (characters) in red against neutral color word material. I immediately thought: this director loves Ozu. The same style was also used: mostly indoor sets with only a few outdoor scenes. Even a couple of "pillow shots" that Roger Ebert calls them. The film's strength is based on the characters' love for each other. History follows the life of a Japanese family before, and during and after World War II. The mother takes care of her growing girls the best she can after the father (a university professor) is arrested for anti-war sympathies. He is never liberated and has only brief meetings with his wife in prison before he dies of hunger and illness. In the meantime, a former professor professor often helps to take care of the mother and two girls. He begins to fall in love with the mother and is a replacement pair for the two girls. But war starts and he is prepared, and they must say a sudden goodbye. Will they ever express their love for each other? Will he ever return from the war? <br /> <br /> There is so much heart and gentle spirit in the performance of the leading actress Sayuri Yoshinaga. She's almost a Madonna type, she's so beautiful! Big soulful eyes and flawless skin. The actor who plays the student is also phenomenal: his name is Tadanobu Asano. What a sensitive performance. There is no macho in him at all; he is gentle and kind. I would definitely love to see both of these in other movies. I think I'll check to see what's available to them. The two young actresses are also wonderful. <br /> <br /> The movie is only released on NTSC DVD to American audiences, with very easy to read English subtitles. I gave it a 10 out of 10 on IMDb. I cried almost as much as with the Japanese movie classic Twenty-Four Eyes (1954). Don't miss this movie!
