My introduction to Yoji Yamada's cinematic world is through his famous and recent samurai trilogy with The Twilight Samurai, The Hidden Blade and Love and Honor. I had enjoyed all three movies and watching the productive vintage film, I think it takes me a very long time to watch all his films, especially the Tora-san series. Needless to say, when Kabei Our Mother finally reached our shores, I jumped at the chance to see what would be an ode to mothers everywhere, celebrating their innate love for their children. <br /> <br /> Based on the autobiography of Teruyo Nogami, Kabei - Our mother tells of a close knit family of four ?? Mother Kayo "Kabei" (Sayuri Yoshinaga), Father Shigeru "Tobei" (Mitsugoro Bando), eldest daughter Hatsu (Mirai Shida) and youngest child Teru (Miku Sato). From the outset, their lives will be changed forever when Shigeru is arrested under the Peacekeeping Act for his moral controversial writings against the nation set in the late 30s, when Japan began their "crusade" in China and then their participation in WW2. <br /> <br /> Then Kabei's struggle begins to work to feed his family and the frequent, difficult meetings with his husband behind bars. Help comes from relatives, especially on Shigeru since Kabei's own father had adopted a "I told you so" attitude with her choice of spouse. Shigeru's one-time student Yama (arthouse buffs to recognize Tadanobu Asano here) gives laughter as a bumbling man who slowly becomes confident and surrogate guardian of the children, and Kabei sister-in-law Hisako (Rei Dan) from Hiroshima, whom I think would have sounded some over-the-counter alarm bells about her unfortunate fate as the film progresses through its timeline. <br /> <br /> While the film is primarily about how children grow up in their mother's presence and in a distant relationship with their father, what I enjoyed is how the microscopic family events unfold during the macroscopic worldwide events who has influenced the common folk music in Japan. It is against the historical background of Japan's push for regional dominance, and there are signs here that do not mask these ambitions, and even discuss what the country would eventually do if it succeeded in holding on to conquered countries. I rarely see it in Japanese films, where it is honest in their discussion of the era and also to gain an insight into how the common man must fight domestic problems, made even more difficult by resources channeled towards the war effort. <br /> <br /> The actresses cast here are pitch in their delivery and roles, whether veterans or child actors. The actress Sayuri Yoshinaga deserves special mention for her role as the motherly figure who is to dig deep and find the inner strength to carry the household through under trial, while Mirai Shida and Miku Sato are lovable as the understanding children to learn to do make and compromise Every scene with the three of them together makes it only to the heart when it becomes hard or fills your heart with joy, they must celebrate. Soon you will soon be attracted to being part of this family thanks to the powerful cast of the primary cast, with Yoji Yamada coaxing some really natural performances from the kids. <br /> <br /> Kabei - Our Mother has an amazingly beautiful artistic style and is elegant in providing both happy and sad moments without going over the top or relying on cheap melodrama to enhance the feelings it seeks from the audience. There are lots of little things that have been done right, making it perfect for tone, with every scene not wasted and with any nuance very meaningful in conveying its message across it being compassion or love. Aside from the very sudden end (I had hoped it could have been much more despite more than 2 hours of runtime), Kabei Our Mother comes highly recommended and it will be difficult to hold back either your tears or the mindset About your own mother and her victims she does for you every day. Exactly what their victims are, you need another reminder, so the scene during the end of credits will remind you of the things you would probably have taken for granted.
