"I hate the stories that begin with a funeral, but I'm afraid this will start the day we buried George, not we buried him." In the interest of the environment, we had burned him. "Then Elizabeth (Judi Dench), George's widow speaks. She has led a comfortable, predictable life with George. She has two adult children and a 12-year-old grandson. But when she was 15 and in school in the middle of World War II, She scissors at night in an all-girl band called The Blonde Bombshells, "Almost" was because drummer was Patrick, a charming villain who didn't want to fight and possibly be killed, with a yellow wig, a long red dress and makeup looked Patrick as good as the others. <br /> One afternoon after the funeral, Elizabeth finds herself in the ceiling of her home and plays the scissors she had put away. She used to practice, but only when George was out of the house Then two things happened Her grandson, surprised at how good Elizabeth is, starts talking about how Blonde Bombshells could reunite and play at her school dance, then Elizabeth Patrick (Ian Holm) meets as much an aging oldster like Elizabeth, and like much Attracted to her as he was more than 50 years ago. (He was also attracted to all the other members of Bombshells. The roses that would appear on his bass drum had a special meaning that confirmed his love.) Why not see if the other band members can be placed and why not give It's a shot at a reunion performance at her grandson's school? <br /> <br /> Why not? A member of the band is gaga. One is dead. One is in prison. Salvation has been found with the Salvation Army. One they can't find any trace of. One is last known to be in the states. One is a professional singer and does not intend to make a school lease, even for a reunion. But one after another, Elizabeth and Patrick bring together the surviving members of Bombshells. We do not know if there are enough of them. The exercises become more often than not for off-key shambles. As they do, we share Elisabeth's flashbacks of what life was like when she and Patrick were young in wartime London playing in the band while the bombs fell. As terrible as it was, it was the most exciting time in their lives. When the evening of Elisabeth's grandson's dance arrives, the blonde youths of course blow the blonde boom holes filled with jitters and renewed friendship. Subsequently, Elizabeth informs us that Bombshells continues to play on footage and that she and Patrick are not planning to get married ... but do not see anything wrong with a little fool around. <br /> <br /> This is sentimental hogwash, professionally finished and not bad at all. What makes it work is the skill and charm of Judi Dench and Ian Holm. When I hear the word "warm-hearted comedy", I usually break unless the actors are top-notch. Dench and Holm are wonders to see, as they take something as easy and predictable as this script and make it something that charms us. Then there is the "old wide" gambit that is fun if you remember the old brother. Among Blonde Bombshells are Leslie Caron, Joan Sims, Olympia Dukakis, Billie Whitelaw and Cleo Laine. Laine sings three numbers and almost overbalances production. She is so strong and unique a jazz talent that while she sings the program almost becomes the Cleo Laine Show. Another attractive feature is the number of large WWII songs played in strong turns.
