Much to the fate of her adult children and almost immediately after Elisabeth's (Dame Judy Dench) husband's death, the widow, the ceiling tenor saxophonist, is bent on openly returning to her musical hobby. Now that George is dead, Elizabeth no longer has to practice playing scissors in the ceiling. As she becomes more satisfied with playing in the open, Elizabeth takes a walk along the memory channel and remembers when she was a 15-year-old jazz swing band member, "The Blonde Bombshells": apparently an all-girl WWII group of talented jazz swing musicians. One of the "Blonde Bombshells" band members was a women's forced novel, Patrick (Ian Holm), with whom Elizabeth was friends. <br /> <br /> Both Patrick & Elisabeth's 12-year-old granddaughter, Joanna (Millie Findlay), pushed Elizabeth to round off the former band members and back up again; this time as a bunch of sex agarians. Among the band members she finds are (still foxy!) Base games, Madeleine (Leslie Caron); Dinah (Olympia Dukakis), a trumpet game, alcoholic and pronounced, money-clearing divorce and widow living on wealth from her many (former) marriages in a Craigievar Scottish castle; Gwen, (real American star jazz singer, Clio Laine), starring; Annie, (June Whitfield), as the trombone's savior army Betty, (late piano player, Joan Sims), who has trained ivory keys in a Hastings pub. <br /> <br /> As Elizabeth, Patrick & Joanna explains the world to members of the 1940s band and tries to convince them to resume performing together, Elizabeth is often often beside herself as she learns more than she wants to know about their adult lives - including her own - while playing great music with the last of the live 'Blonde Bombshells'. <br /> <br /> Entertaining, nostalgic, historical, sentimental, generous entertainment that is seriously fun. The actors deliver amazing performances. Regardless of their age, they are still Bombshell entertainers who set a whole show. (The DVD is now out and worth owning because of the bonus features and Dolby Digital sound). Surely as a fan of any of these great actors, VHS is a collector's item.
