Obsession comes in many tastes and exists for a variety of reasons; for some, it may not be more than a coercive disorder, but for others it may be a path of survival. Lack of care combined with the inability to negotiate even the simplest necessities of daily life or the basic social requirements can force even a genius to enthusiastically embrace what gives a personal comfort zone. And in extreme cases, the object of this satisfaction can become a manifested obsession that drives the individual on until what began as a means of survival becomes his own regret and which we discover in 'The Luzhin Defense', as Marleen Gorris, A high level of intelligence will not provide a satisfactory solution to the problem, and in fact can actually worsen the situation. The obsession it seems has no prejudice or preference; Moreover, it gives no quarter. <br /> <br /> At an Italian resort in the 1920s, Alexander Luzhin (John Turturro) is one of many who have gathered for a chess tournament where the winner becomes the World Champion. Luzhin is a master of the game, but he is vulnerable because the chess long ago ceased to be a game for him; Rather, it is his obsession, the one thing that was discovered in childhood, that saw him about his total uncertainty in apparently all areas of life and enabled him to cope with the subtle disenfranchisements of his immediate family. So Luzhin is a genius with an Achilles heel, a mistake that maybe only another person knows and understands, and in addition, one can capitalize on his own personal gain at this tournament. That man is Valentinov (Stuart Wilson), Luzhin's former mentor, who, after a few years ago, suddenly came back and made himself known to Luzhin. <br /> <br /> Valentinov is an unpleasant and disturbing presence for Luzhin, and once Life threatens to overwhelm him again. He is not only able to face a formidable opponent in the tournament, Turati (Fabio Sartor), who in a previous fight he came to after fourteen hours, but he also tries to solve a new element in his life - his feelings for a young woman, he has just met at the resort, Natalia (Emily Watson). And genius, though he may be, gathers dark clouds over him, who can just push Luzhin even deeper into the occupation that has been the saving grace, as well as the curse of his entire life. Tell Luzhin's story, Gorris effectively uses flashbacks to gradually reveal the elements of his childhood that very quickly led to his obsession with chess. And as his background is established, it gives the insight that gives the audience a better understanding of who Luzhin is and how he came to this point in his life. For the stage of his childhood, Gorris textures them with an appropriate dark atmosphere and a subtle sense of persecution that goes on to and undergoes the present, more pastoral attitude of the resort. The transitions through which she weaves the past with the present are handled nicely, and as Gorris sets it in the way of an accurate but undiluted presentation that works extremely well. She also underpins the threat posed by Valentinov's presence, concentrating on the drama rather than the excitement, which ultimately serves to increase the overall effect of the film, making Luzhin's tragedy increasingly credible and disturbing. <br /> <br /> The single element that makes this movie so memorable is John Turturro's influence. For this movie to work, Luzhin must be absolutely credible; A fake or celebrated moment would be disastrous as it would take the viewer out of the story immediately. However, this does not happen and the film works because Luzhin Turturro creates is impeccably honest and true to life. He captures Luzhin's genius, as well as his inadequacies, and presents his character in terms that are exceptionally narrative and very real. It's a performance that equals, if not over, Geoffrey Rush's portrayal of David Helfgott in `Shine '. And when you compare her work here with other characters, he's created, from Sid Lidz in 'Unstrung Heroes' to Pete in 'Brother, where are you?' to Al Fountain in the `Box of Moonlight ', you realize what an incredible range Turturro has as an actor and what a remarkable artist he really is. <br /> <br /> Like Natalia, Emily Watson is also excellent, turning in a fairly reserved performance through which she develops and presents her character quite nicely. Although she has to be a little outgoing to relate to Luzhin, Watson manages to do so in an introspective way that is quite effective. Most importantly, because of the detail she brings to her performance, it makes her accelerated relationship with Luzhin credible and gives the overall credibility to the story. Just look at Watson's eyes to know that the feelings she is conveying are genuine. It's a great job from a talented and gifted actor. <br /> <br /> The supporting cast includes Geraldine James (Vera), Christopher Thompson (Stassard), Peter Blythe (Ilya), Orla Brady (Anna), Mark Tandy (Luzhin's Father), Kelly Hunter (Luzhin's Mother), Alexander Hunting (Young Luzhin) and Luigi Petrucci (Santucci). Well-crafted and delivered 'The Luzhin Defense' is an emotionally involved film, presented with a restrained compassion that evokes a sense of grief and perhaps a reflection on human inhumanity to man. Of course, we do not need a movie to tell us that there is cruelty in the world; but we are well served by the cinema's medium when it reminds us of something we should never forget, insofar as we all have the ability to influence positive change and make a difference in the lives of those around us. I rate this 9/10. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />
