One of America's most brilliant film directors was without a doubt Elia Kazan. His direct-oriented genius was not particularly suited to tense thrillers, as Kazan needed more space to breathe and be slower and more subtle. But 'Panic in the Streets' is a first-class social thriller and is somewhat more relevant today than it was until 1950 when it was released. The themes of illegal immigrants, smuggling, imminent plagues, rapid transfer of the disease world (worried Richard Widmark says: "I could be in any American city in ten hours and in Africa tomorrow.") Ethnic isolation and ghettoism are today's concerns more than ever before. This movie features a spectacular movie debut by Jack Palance, and a wonderful show by Barbara Bel Geddes, two items of genius. Richard Widmark is not allowed to be a psychopath for one time, and is a deeply caring, cordial loving, intensive, full of people. He is basically leading a one-man campaign to stop an epidemic of pneumonia plague in New Orleans, struggling to convince tired politicians and complacent cops that there is a problem. There is a race against time to find the little corks that have hit the plague from a dead illegal immigrant within 48 hours before the entire city, and as they always remind us, the whole country is threatened with the worst since 1919 influenza. An amazing scene where Jack Palance, who is infected, is prevented from climbing aboard a ship with a rat barrier on the rope, is ironic in the extreme and reminds us of the most gruesome conditions that humans may be the worst carriers and pests of all . The very dramatic hunting scenes in what they call the "coffee factory" on the whales compete with Hitchcock's most inventive climax scenes, and with equally spectacular surroundings. Many non-professionals appear in the film, which has the grim realism of, yes, something called reality. Kazan really takes the cameras to places where even people rarely went and where even rats would have believed twice. This film was an important experience of social realism. If it lacks electricity from the most stressed thrillers, it is because Kazan took it so seriously that he couldn't raise it, after all, the threats are serious enough to scare anyone without the need for extra guns and molls. The only unfortunate thing about the movie is the title, which gives a false suggestion of superficiality. But Kazan was anything but superficial. He sees this project as a public duty clear to alert us to genuine opportunities. If only these options had fallen today, but unfortunately they are getting worse every day. One day after a worldwide plague, this movie may be shown to a few survivors as an example of how an outbreak was contained on film, but its lessons were forgotten.
