Plague replaces femme fatale in this very exciting noir shot in New Orleans by director Elia Kazan. Kazan who always gets good performances from his actors but also shows a visual flair for claustrophobic excitement with a combination of dense compositions and stunning single shot chase scenes. <br /> <br /> A man who illegally enters the country is killed after a card game. It turns out that he has some kind of bubonic plague, so it is crucial not only to arrest the murderers, but to find one inoculate all those who have had contact. City and health officials carry out a duty of secrecy rather than arouse society for fear that the sinners will flee the city and spread the disease. A detective and an epidemiologist against the clock forms a troubled alliance as they battle the waterfront that uses their contrasting study style. Streets raises a major ethical issue about the public's right to know as a doctor argues for a media blackout thus possibly creating a greater risk to society. Regardless of the result, you can still find yourself guessing the actions of the film's protagonist. <br /> <br /> Richard Widmark as Dr.Clint Reed and Paul Douglas as Detective Warren show short temper and disobedience to each other in their quest for the killings. Barbera Bel Geddis as Reed's wife has some good moments with Widmark in some homely scenes that bring the right touch (relaxing more than cartoon) relief from the tensions in the desperate search amidst the evil neighborhood of the New Orleans waterfront impressive lens by cinematographer Joe McDonald. Zero Mostel as a small criminal is slimy and reprehensible, but sometimes sympathetic. Walter Jack Palance as the skeleton Blackie (Black Death?) Is simply excellent. With rapid intensity, Palance dominates every scene, he is in not only with great threat but also disturbing charm. In addition, he shows a formidable athleticism that allows for a more exciting continuity, especially in the film's powerful last allegorical moments. <br /> <br /> Panic on the streets is probably Kazan's best non-Brando movie. It is excitement filled, tightly paced and edited. It's ambient at local setting gives a sense of increased reality that gives the Kazan the flexibility to show his visual style beyond the film stage, and with Panic he manages to aplomb.
