'Panic in the Streets (1950)' is more due to British Noir, its American counterparts. Like Reed's 'The Third Man (1949)' and Dassin's 'Night and the City' (1950), Director Elia Kazan chose to film virtually on site and capture the fresh and vibrant decadence of the New Orleans castles. In a decision borrowed by the masters of Italian neorealism, he also hired many non-professional actors for minor roles and lent a genuine authenticity to the cityscape. But further comparisons with neorealism would be misunderstood, because 'Panic in the Streets' is pure melodrama of the best kind. A murdered illegal immigrant fished out of the bay has been found to be infected with pneumonic plague, a lethal airborne mutation of bubonic plague transmitted from human to human and untreated has a mortality rate approaching 100%. Clinton Reed (Richard Widmark), an officer of the US Public Health Service, convinces the dubious police officer (Paul Douglas) to execute an urban man for the men responsible for the murder for not being infected with the disease either. <br /> <br /> In my younger years, I found Wolfgang Petersen's 'Outbreak (1995)' to be among the most horrible movies I had ever seen. The thriller that owes it abundantly to 'Panic in the Streets' (working title: "Outbreak"} scared me so effectively because it portrayed the Ebola virus as both an invisible and invincible killer ?? how to defend against such a thing? the first (as I know) to approach the subject of biological epidemics, although it is difficult to disclose visual recognition to an enemy who is basically undiscovered by the human eye; instead, it uses Jack Palance as a human personification of In spite of the fact that he woke up among the dirty drops of human society, you never get the feeling that Clinton Reed puts his own life in danger (some viewers have noticed that Reed never grafted to the plague, even though I believe it is sure to assume he did it at the same time as the morning staff}. Nevertheless, there is still a strong sense of urgency in pursuit of the infected man's killings, underground street rats is who pollutes the sewers with their offenses. In the Middle Ages, when the black death (now widely believed to have been a bubonic plague) swept across the civilized world and killed one third of Europe's population, many identified the devastation as being Devil's work. Jack Palance's character, Blackie, works effectively as Satan in human form: the angled jaw can occasionally be charming and charismatic, but can always explode in forms of violence; his two hoodlums (played by Guy Thomajan and Zero Mostel), through terror more than anything else, constantly come to his feet. When a missey becomes ill with fever, Blackie deduces that the husband's cousin must have "brought something with him" (the irony of his conclusion, which does not go unnoticed), and then tries to determine what this presumably valuable object must be. He rocks the dying Poldi in his arms, a grotesque display of faux love, which is both pathetic and disturbing. Blackie / Satan is finally stopped ?? not by the authorities, but by the burden of its own infection / malice ?? when he tries to board a cargo ship, the primary vessel, whereby the plague spread throughout Europe.
