When the film opens, the two gossip gossip another bully. When the body is detected and autopsy, the doctor discovers that even though the man was shot, he also suffered from the pneumonic plague - a very unpleasant and more virulent version of the Bubonic plague! So it's a race against time to find those who came in contact with the dead man and treat them right away, otherwise a disaster might break out. <br /> <br /> I probably know a little bit about the pneumonic plague, which I taught a number of lectures about it to my classes of history. The film didn't really do a good job of getting the facts right about the disease, as it looked as little as the people had in the movie. The biggest problem is that this disease is so incredibly grotesque that in 1950 they wouldn't really have been allowed to show it. Sure there is high fever and cough (they are right), but also lots of bleeding and explosive vomiting of the black blood - along with the hugely swollen lymph nodes that you would get with the Bubonic plague - all clean and coarse! I can certainly understand why they didn't go that far. I am also sure that the federal government would have had a much greater involvement in controlling and treating the disease - here in the film it was handled at a very local level and everyone seemed rude and a little stupid. No one seemed willing to believe the doctors !! With regard to the play, the film had some good actors here. Richard Widmark and Paul Douglas are public health and police chief respectively. Good actors, but also well-known actors back in 1950. But in his first film is the very threatening Jack Palance (still by his original moniker, Walter Jack Palance) as well as the relatively unknown (then) Zero Mostel. Palance was great - very scary and very physically skilled in his own stunts. Mostel played a very typical of his early work - a greasy and mistaken kind of evil. Overall, despite really not getting the details right and wrapping everything up a bit, the movie is very exciting and has excellent plays - and it's worth seeing.
