"Panic In The Streets" is an exciting and atmospheric thriller where director Elia Kazan has achieved a great sense of realism by shooting the movie in New Orleans using a number of local people to fill different roles and make intelligent use of improvisation. As a result, the characters and dialogue seem to be both natural and credible. An important deadline to be met in order to avoid disasters gives history its great sense of urgency and pace and the problems that delay the necessary action from being taken, and then increasing the tension to a high level. <Br / After a dispute between the participants in a card game, a man called Kochak (Lewis Charles) is shot and his body dumped in the port area. Once the body is found and corons identify the presence of a virus, US Public Health Minister Dr. Clinton Reed (Richard Widmark) is summoned and his investigation confirms the presence of pneumonic plague. Reed insists that all known contacts of the dead man should be inoculated without delay, because the highly contagious nature of the disease means that without any such action, any infection can be expected to die within days. As the identity of the dead man is unknown. The task of finding his contacts is expected to be difficult, and this situation has not been helped when city officials and police chief are not fully convinced by Reed's briefing. They doubt that the threat to the public is potentially as serious as he claims it is, and their initial lack of commitment is only the first of a number of obstacles that prevent actions from being taken quickly. The subsequent investigation is hampered by the lack of cooperation from the immigrant community, a group of seamen, a restaurant owner and also some illegal immigrants, before the man's identity and his contacts are found. <br /> <br /> An illegal immigrant, Kochak had been in a gang with Blackie (Jack Palance), Raymond Fitch (Zero Mostel) and Vince Poldi (Tommy Cook), and when gang leader Blackie becomes aware of the ongoing Police investigation he assumes that Kochak must have smuggled something very valuable into the country. As Kochak and Poldi were related, Blackie assumes that Poldi must know something about this and go to find out more. However, Poldi is very ill and unable to provide any information. Blackie brings her own doctor and with Fitch begins to move Poldi out of her room and down some stairs, and this is where they meet with Reed and an exciting hunt follows. <br /> <br /> Richard Widmark gives a strong performance as an underpaid public servant who effectively complains about the cumbersome responsibility of his job while dealing with his domestic concerns as a family member. In an unusual role for him, he also portrays the real and serious mind of Dr. Reed very convincingly. Jack Palance's film debut sees him give an impressive performance as a ruthless chew that offends Kochak's reason for leaving the card game and also the reason for the intense police investigation. His distinctive appearance also helps make his on-screen presence even more compelling. <br /> <br /> In typical documentary style, Expressionist film and neo-realistic influence are used in tandem to effectively capture the atmosphere of the sites where the action takes place. Elia Kazan conducts with precision throughout, but also distinguishes itself in the memorable hunting sequence in the warehouse and on the waterfront.
