A New Orleans doctor and policeman has only 48 hours to find a killer infected with pneumonia. <br /> <br /> An effective and classic little thriller directed by Elia Kazan that blends documentary realism with a race against time pulpy heartbeat. Seen and filmed in and around New Orleans, Panic In The Streets is taken from the story Quarantine, Some as the Cold by Edna and Edward Anhalt, who won an Oscar for original history. It also boasts a fine ensemble cast that delivers top rate performances to their director. On the other hand, Richard Widmark {bring the method a year before Marlon did for Kazan in A Streetcar Named Desire}, Paul Douglas, Jack Palance (as Walter Jack Palance) and the wonderfully named Zero Mostel, all sweaty moody, as the pursuers pursue pursued to Stop the outbreak of a potential Black Death epidemic. <br /> <br /> Where the movie scores its main tensions is with Kazan's smart ability to cut back and forth between the main characters without changing the flow and mood of the play. From Widmark's public health doctor, with a hypodermic needle in his hand, runs around trying to locate the evil ones so he can do well; to the evil boys themselves who are confused as to why there is such a large scale hunt for them; the voltage is stacked up to the point of fever. For which fortunately the last thirty minutes becomes a crackling piece of cinema. With Palance distinguished itself as an unpleasant villain, who ironically sets a mind on Widmark's own Tommy Udo from Kiss Of Death three years earlier. It's an imaginative and intelligently written story, one that cleverly links rats and criminals to being carriers of disease. A blush on society as it was. It's noirish elements, such as paranoia, blend nicely with its basic procedural thriller being. While some memorable scenes are appropriately covered by the stifling atmosphere that Kazan has created. Though some of the early character psychologies threaten to control the movie over some talky-based alleys, it is definitely a movie worth keeping to the end. Not critical film noir, and perhaps not even important Kazan, but certainly a highly recommended movie that begins to be discovered by a new generation of movie lovers and repeated by the old guard who may have missed it back in the day. 7.5 / 10
