In panic, Richard Widmark plays an American marine doctor who has interrupted his week effortlessly with a corpse containing pestilence. As policeman Paul Douglas points out, the guy died of two bullets in his chest. It is not the question here, the two become unwilling partners in an attempt to find the killers and anyone else exposed to the disease. As it was pointed out by any number of people, for some reason director Elia Kazan doesn't bother throwing the tiny parts with someone who sounds like they're from Louisiana. Having been to New Orleans where the story takes place, I can personally confirm it. Richard Widmark and his wife Barbara Bel Geddes can be excused because he could be assigned as a marine physician, but for those who are native, it doesn't work. <br /> <br /> But with the plague out there and the news becoming secret, New Orleans PD begins a feature of the city's underworld. The dead guy came from a ship from Europe and he had underground connections. A New Orleans wise guy, played by Jack Palance, jumps to a whole lot of erroneous conclusions and begins to harass a cousin of the dead guy who begins to show trouble symptoms. Palance got rave reviews in the first movie he received notice. <br /> <br /> Personally, my favorite in this movie is Zero Mostel. This happened just before Mostel was blacklisted and around the time he made a specialty to play would be tough guys who are really toadies. He plays the same kind of role in the Humphrey Bogart movie The Enforcer. Unfortunately, I can identify with Mostel in the last hunting scene where he and Palance are being chased by Widmark, Douglas and half of the New Orleans Police. Seeing the weight challenged Nul is trying to keep up with Palance was something else because I am friendly in Zero's league now in the league. <br /> <br /> Kazan kept the action on a good clip, there is very little time in this movie. If there was anything less, it would be an Indiana Jones movie. Panic In the Streets won an Oscar for Best Original Screenplay that year. <br /> <br /> Kazan also made good use of the New Orleans waterfront and the French Quarter. Some of the same kind of shots are later used in On the Waterfront. In fact, Panic In The Streets is about people who do not laugh when they really should have their own interest. Very similar again to On the Waterfront. Panic In the Streets makes everyone proud of who was associated with it. Now why could Elia Kazan not get some decent New Orleans sounding people in the little roles.
