When a stiff swings up with pneumonic plague (a variant of bubonic plague), the US public health service bets official Dr. Clinton Reed (Richard Widmark) immediately quarantined by everyone he knew was near the body. Unfortunately, it was stiffened that way by being murdered, and there is a good chance that the killer will start spreading the plague, leading to an epidemic. Enter police captain Tom Warren (Paul Douglas) who is busy tracking the killer as soon as possible and averting a possible national catastrophe. <br /> <br /> While Panic in the Streets is a quality movie, it suffers from being a bit unfocused and a little too bubbly (my reason for bringing scores down to eight). It wanders the genre from noirish gangster to medical disaster, political procedural, thriller and even romance. <br /> <br /> It's not the best work of Director Elia Kazan, but says it's a little uncomfortable. Kazan is the helmsman responsible such masterpieces as a Streetcar Named Desire (1951), On The Waterfront (1954) and East of Eden (1955) after all. This movie is going on them, but Kazan has said he was already "untethered" by the studio. If you take this freedom too far, you can partially take into account the prevalence. The movie is set in New Orleans, a city where Kazan "wandered around ... night and day so I knew it well". He wanted to exploit the environment. "It was so amazing and colorful. I wanted both boats, steam engines, warehouses, jazz bats - all of New Orleans". <br /> <br /> Kazan handles every genre of Panic in the Streets well, but they could be better connected. The movie would have benefited from living with just one or two of its moods. The propagation of attitude would still have worked. Part of the dilemma may have been caused by Panic in the Streets attempting to merge two stories by authors Edna and Edward Anhalt, "Quarantine" and "Someone as' Cold". <br /> <br /> The Gangster material ending in a solid thriller area with an extended hunting scene near the end of the movie is probably the highlight. Not surprisingly, Kazan has said that he thinks the bad guys are "more colorful - I've never had much love for the good guys anyway. I don't like Puritans". A close second is the only material approaching the title "panic" - the discovery of the plague and the attempts to track the vulnerable, inoculate them and contain the disease. While there is plenty of excitement under these two "moods", much of the movie is also a fairly straightforward drama, with pacing more typical of that genre. <br /> <br /> The dialogue throughout is excellent. The stylistic difference to many modern films could hardly be more pronounced. It is intelligent, delivered quickly and well pronounced by each character. Conflict is not created by "stupid" decisions but wise movements; Events and signs' actions are more like a chess game. When taking exceptional prospects, such as Reed, holding back the plague from the newspapers, he gives relatively long reasons for his decisions, which other characters argue over. In light of this, it is interesting that Kazan believed that "propriety, religion, ethics and middle class kills us all". This idea enters the film through changes in the norm, or additions away from it, made by the protagonists. For example, main giant Blackie (Jack Palance in his first movie role) offered a "Get Out of Jail Free" card if he wants to work together to fight the plague. <br /> <br /> The technical aspects of the movie are fine, if nothing extraordinary, but the real reasons for seeing are the performances, the exciting scenario and the well-written dialogue.
