Panic in the streets opens in high noir style, a view along a dark street followed by a camera flips up to a window behind where a sad card game is played - an opening blossoms that, along with some of the location shoots Part of the atmosphere Welles brought a decade later in the Touch of Evil. One of the players throws the window up. It is an appropriate act that serves as an introduction to the events within as well as literally opening up our first conception of the underworld. <br /> <br /> High contrast shots black and white, Panic In The Streets condemns immensely from a strong cast as well as some fine New Orleans locations. Scenes located in places like the mortuary, the overcrowded freight office or in the middle of the "Peeling's Place" painting, offer a unique and sometimes claustrophobic atmosphere that is impossible to recreate in the studio. With these elements, Kazan's film shows the influence of Dassin's groundbreaking naked city two years earlier, which established the gritty, almost documentary style within the noir cycle. In fact, Widmark's former role had been in Dassin's even finer Night And The City, a movie where a sense of rising panic was even more prevalent. Joe MacDonald, a favorite with the director, photographed the detailed environment of Panic In The Streets. MacDonald also worked on Kazan's Pinky and Viva Zapata! And continued to shoot Widmark again three years later in Fuller's masterpiece Pick Up On South Street. As others have noted, in a way typical of some noir films, Kazan's work contrasts with confusion, disease, and immorality on the streets with the Red's modest, quiet home life. But while (for example) in Lang's The Big Heat (1953), her home life is destroyed by parts of vice who surround the central central character - eventually sending him back to work with increased vigilance and sense of revenge - Panic In The Streets places Reed's growing anxiety within the scope of just another workday. Despite all the danger, he has eventually returned to his family justified and satisfied. The implication is that social balance has been restored, at least for the time being by his professionalism and healing skills. This imbalance is naturally caused by crime and illness. The two are closely related to this film. It is reminiscent of one of the roof lines of the very raw Cobra (1986) - where "Crime is the disease. Meet the curve", a nice analogy in context if one is too uncomfortable with social reduction. As Blackie tries to flee aboard the ship, the image specifically depicts rats resembling criminals, both of which pose a threat to community health. As (the presumably infected) Blackie prowls, the cheap rooms and kayaks round off with their comrades because of something he supposes everyone is after, without knowing exactly what it is, 'plague' and 'blackie' resonate together in the audience's mind, add further to connected associations. Ironically, Blackie's hunch about Poldi's unfortunate cousin is that "he brought something in" the note is correct - even though it's finally not something he can sell or steal. Blackie's logical assumption that the police would not normally interfere with the murder of an anonymous illegal immigrant has a truth about it and his confusion is understandable. <br /> <br /> Even though he is a home-lover and on the side of society, Dr. Reed is a real noir hero. Being the subject of the genre is the chief president as a man who goes alone, forced to travel beyond the limits of the law. In his way, Reed is forced to take morals into his own hands for society as a whole - a dimension of the film that is particularly appropriate, given the controversial personal story of Director Kazan. The director testified to the infamous HUAC who named suspected communists and other travelers. His film depicts suspects being drawn in for questioning, and handling the press on the grounds that the overall public good justified the funds. These actions may reiterate the director's feelings at that time, presumably accepting McCarthyite's witch hunt and the suppression of civil rights that led to the supposed communist infiltration of the entertainment industry. In these times of terrorist threats and state reactions, such problems as they appear in the film are strikingly modern. <br /> <br /> Standout scenes in the film include a remarkable scene in which Blackie interrogates the dying Poldi about the exact nature of his cousin's supposed smuggling. Cats like, Blackie stalking their victim over the room and finally characterizing the man's sick bed and holding Poldi's fever head in his hands - a striking and wicked cradle. It is a gesture that emphasizes the corrupt intimate nature, whether moral or physical. Apparently, the actors did many or all of their own stunts, leading to some other very dramatic scenes at the end, which police and health authorities are closing in on the bad guys under the whales. Half-crawling, half-skimming the smooth timber at the edge of the harbor basin, must have been a very unpleasant experience for Palance, but it is sequence that adds immensely to the immediacy of it all. <br /> <br /> Occasionally, less convincing elements distract the viewer. Apparently, Dr. Reed back to fight a potential national emergency, a little state backup. Perhaps he is just as astonishing that he never inoculates himself - inviting a dramatic trip that never materializes. At the end of the movie, the potential epidemic is also stopped, all contacts are placed a little too well. But these weaknesses are more than offset by the other pleasures of a movie that still makes compulsory and relevant viewing today.
