Knowing when to finish a movie is as important as casting, control and action. And it's nice to see when an instructor / script gets it right. Clock in just 82 minutes, 10 points or less does not stretch the story, trying to understand on inane topics. It gets focused, being fun, boring and well thought out. <br /> <br /> Morgan Freeman (LUCKY NUMBER SLEVIN) stars as "Him", an aging actor who addresses all roles presented to him. We are introduced to "Ham" as he travels to a supermarket in an out-of-the-way section of the city of The Kid (Jonah Hill, CLICK). Realizing that he has a star in his car, The Kid pushes him to talk about his absence in cinema over the last few years. He is not very prominent because he has not only been out of it for a while, he is also on his way to a firing point for an indie film he had to trade in ("I have not decided whether to accept a lot." ). The Kid is a relative of the instructor involved in this indie venture and soon drops him in the middle of Nowheresville. Though, he decides to check the local market. He immediately runs into the beautiful Scarlet (Paz Vega), which runs the 10 objects or smaller register. Not only strikingly beautiful but intelligent, he begins to use her as his primary research subject for his forthcoming independent film role. He learns how to figure numbers so quickly and why she knows the quirks of each member of this isolated community. <br /> <br /> But he not only uses Scarlet, he helps her so he can look deeper into her life. They travel together to get her car back from a cheating man, and he teaches her how to act to get a new job she is in for and how to dress for success, even when faced with Target as the epitome of local clothes. This is probably one of the funniest moments as we also get a glimpse of him showing his complete lack of understanding of the retail sales world ("These shirts are only $ 12 bucks! How is that possible?!") stated at the beginning of this review, is abrupt but apropos. There is no way that these two could ever remain friends, even though they are a unique bond. They know when to say goodbye and what they each got apart. It is a quiet but fast-paced moment when Scarlet's clunker car is idling outside Hans L.A. manor. <br /> <br /> This is a great independent production and one that wastes some time on the road. And it won't waste your time either.
