Frankly, if someone told me that the director of the Lemony Snicket's Series of Unfortunate Events, Angels City and Caspers were going to make a nice little low-budget indie film, and that would be great, I would say the person should be fun. But that was what Director Brad Siberling did. And it was really good. "10 Items or Less" has a similar kind of movie as "Before Sunrise", "Lost in Translation" or more recently "Once." It involves a meeting with two people whose serendipity did not put them there, they would probably never cross paths, or if they did, they would not say words to each other. Like these films, "10 elements or less" focuses on the relationship that builds and how the characters understand each other and builds on each other's strengths and weaknesses. <br /> <br /> The story involves Morgan Freeman, playing an unnamed actor who goes to investigate his role as a merchant employee for a forthcoming independent movie and, due to things beyond his control, end up spending the day with the lady in the 10 objects or smaller course played by Paz Vega. She has a rotten marriage and hopes to land a new job as a secretary. Initially, Freeman's character just needs a lift home. After spending time with her, he wants to get to know her and maybe even offer her some advice. <br /> <br /> Brad Siberling builds the characters almost exclusively through the exchanges between Freeman and Vega. The reason is just a setup for these two characters to interact with each other for most of the movie's 80 minute duration. Freeman has fun with his character as he appears as an outsider in the lower class world, such as Vega's character, Scarlett, resident. Vega, meanwhile, grows beyond the stubborn cashier's office disturbed by the situation of his life, which seems to go on. <br /> <br /> There are a few things that really stood out in this movie. First of all, Siberling has probably taken note of independent cinema to ensure that the relationship is sincere and does not fall into Hollywood pitfalls. It is a very common friendship that develops convincingly throughout the film. It works, even if the situation itself seems a little unthinkable. <br /> <br /> I'm also impressed by the performances. While Freeman's presence gives this movie credibility from the get-go, he shows a certain amount of charm and fun that is not normally seen from him. Meanwhile, Paz Vega has started a breakthrough in American film sometime in the future. I loved her in Spanglish, and she's as good here as the hard, no-nonsense Scarlet. Towards the end of the film, she successfully produces the characteristic growth. I look forward to seeing her in several movies. All in all, 10 elements of fewer features are best as a character, well written and directed by Brad Siberling. He hasn't made much writing, and his feature film work has consisted mainly of large Hollywood films. But there is certainly an artist at work here and is eager to see if he will take that road again.
