Running only fifty-two minutes, this little overlooked 2006 dramedy is really just a two-character sign, but one that works very well within its limits. It takes place almost exclusively in different, non-descriptive places in southern Los Angeles, but the story is inappropriate, but as Sofia Coppola's "Lost in Translation" is the movie far more about two strangers meeting unexpectedly, finding a common band and going back for their life enlightened for the instant meeting. It also helps significantly that Morgan Freeman and Paz Vega play the characters. Finally, liberated from the wise sages and authority figures in addition to told who have become his big screen specialty, Freeman seems relatively liberated as a somewhat self-deprecating movie star. His character is driven to a rental store in Carson, where he will be able to investigate a role he is considering in an indie film. <br /> <br /> Out of work for a few years, he is embarrassed when he sees DVDs of his films in Copenhagen, but his ego is such that he does not lack the temerity to see and even mimic the enervated great staff . Of particular interest to him is Scarlet, a damn working from Spain and referring to the expressive line where she is the unwritten model of efficiency. She has an interview with a secretariat at a construction company, but her in-depth uncertainty seems to defeat his chances already. Still, the Penelope Cruz Amazonian sister, the beautiful Vega (one of the few redeemable aspects of James L. Brooks' executable "Spanglish") resembles a sharp edge and realistic vulnerability to Scarlet. She and Freeman play very well through the story, which includes stops not only in the grocery store, but also on Target, Arby's and a full service car wash. No earthquake happens except to show how two people realize the resonant survival of random encounters. <br /> <br /> Silberling keeps the case simple but production also reflects expert craftsmanship in Phedon Papamichael's lively filmography (he launched Alexander Payne's "Sideways") and the infectious score of Brazilian composer Antonio Pinto ("City of God"). There are quick cameos by Bobby Cannavale (like Scarlet's soon-to-ex-husband) and like themselves, Danny DeVito and Rhea Perlman, as well as a fun piece with Jonah Hill ("Knocked Up") as the clueless driver and Jim Parsons ( "the knight" in "Garden State") as a worshiping receptionist. The 2007 DVD is overstuffed with extras including a documentary film production "15 days or less" aimed at movie studios and running a marathon 103 minutes; six extended scenes; a light hearted but obvious three-way conversation between Silberling, Freeman and Vega in the middle of Target; and a few excerpts that specifically advertise the DVD.
