I'm a big fan of Morgan Freeman. 'The Shawshank Redemption' ranks at the top of my all-time favorite movies. But I have to admit that I have often wondered about his choice of roles. So many of his titles were big budget clichés without heart. '10 elements or less' for me marks Freeman's return to a role that really shows his significant actors. <br /> <br /> Freeman plays a named, formerly great-time Hollywood actor who has not worked for several years. He has been offered a lot in an unspecified indi image for which he does some research in a grocery store in a poor neighborhood in LA. Having been stranded there by his flaky driver, Freeman offered a trip home by checkout girl Scarlet (Paz Vega), whom he has semi-befriended. Before she can take him home, however, Scarlet has a great job interview she has to come to, and Freeman is in favor of holding together in exchange for the trip. <br /> <br /> The movie follows Scarlet and Freeman to several places, but the movie is really just a sign of the interaction between the two. Freeman is the distinctive decoupled Hollywood type who has not heard of Target and does not know his own phone number or even the day of the week it is. He spits wisdom from the Dalai Lama filtered through his 'whole world but is a scene' mentality, and repeatedly calls Scarlet's job interview an 'audition'. And yet, he has a way with people, a way to influence those who extend beyond his fame. He is a fan of humanity. He studies them, asks incessant questions about them, and welcomes their quirks, where others would just get annoyed. In Scarlet he sees the stubborn, proud loneliness he was; He sees the man he used to be. <br /> <br /> For its part, Scarlet shows a fierce pride and sharp tongue that serves to hide its own uncertainties about itself. Vega plays the role of a connection to Freeman, which shines the line between an almost mortal love and physical attraction, though she plays it beautifully and it is not as scary as it sounds. But while she feels her connection to Freeman is growing, Scarlet has a huge eye for the reality of their different worlds and cuts through Freeman's Hollywood bull * hit with a sharp pragmatism that refuses to accept anything but the truth. <br /> <br /> The movie is smart, fun and well-written, with a simple yet effective dialogue. I read an IMDb review that said the lines were 'stalked', which I think is a misinterpretation of realistic human speech. There is no big soliloquier here, no deep soul seeking moments. And then the trick, I think, is to show how people in everyday life can make connections with each other. And I think Freeman and Vega pull it out beautifully and paint a picture of a bond between two people glittering like the sun on the sea, ethereal and elusive. Long after it's gone, it lives in your memories and tantalizes you with what might have been. OK, it was a little blooming, but I really seemed like performances and the movie. I would definitely recommend it.
