Diego Armando Maradona had been sixteen years old in 1978 when Argentina won the World Cup. He was already the biggest star and the biggest player in a country occupied by football. Everyone had asked Cesar Luis Menotti to play the boy's genius, but the leader thought he was not yet ready. History records that Argentina won the 1978 World Cup quite convincingly - they didn't really need Maradona. The same was not true in 1982. Spain was a disaster catalog for Argentina. Menotti - still chain smoking - played Diego this time, but the occasion was too much for such a temperamental boy. Maradona had signed Barcelona on June 4, 1982 for about $ 7 million. - 9 days later he played his first game at Camp Nou and Belgium beat Argentina one-zero. It was not a promising debut, and although he scored twice against Hungary in the next match, Maradona will remember the oral as the place of his nadir - an outrageous, rolling foul on Brazil's Batista in the second round, which suddenly ended his tournament and Argentina rules as world champions. <br /> <br /> But now it was all behind him. Maradona had confused his way through some crazy times at Barca and left in 1984 to become a member of Naples. It was as if he was finally home. Neapolitan tifosi had done everything to lure Maradona into poor, subversive Naples. Gifts from old women and pocket money from young boys uncomfortable with Camorra millions as part of the transfer fee, and the city was determined to make him feel at home. Currently, Maradona El Rey - he brought his Argentine side to Mexico as one of the favorites, and with a new manager - Carlos Bilardo replaces Menotti. <br /> <br /> Maradona is the hero of this story, a one-man World Cup windmill. In 1982, hundreds of young men died in a meaningless battle for the Falkland Islands; now the British press longed for a reverse (with the same result) in Mexico City. Maradona was still considered with the distinction in England, remembering more for an excellent performance in Britain during a 1980 tournament than for Spain. But he was still an Argie: the enemy. <br /> <br /> In fact, England started well and Lineker could have scored after only twelve minutes. An important event happened in 8 minutes. Fenwick, the large and limited English defender, was booked - he was now scared to face any challenge on the penalty kick. After a tense first 45 minutes, the second half began with a bang. Maradona danced forward after 50 minutes, but couldn't find any way through. Similarly, Valdano's trials only hit white shirts. So currently by infamy who serves as Diego's epitaph. Hodge hit the bizarre ball back in his own penalty kick. Shilton quickly rushed to claim - but there was Maradona who somehow stood up over the English goalkeeper to put the ball into the net. How did he do that? Simple: handball. <br /> <br /> The most famous bug in football history went in near slow motion. Each spectator was waiting for Mr Al Sharif in Syria to blow up the evil (he didn't). Shilton looked and appealed to the liner - he ran back to the middle circle. Unless he kills the Pope, or becomes the first man to walk on Mars when the great man dies, this moment will appear first - in long, lingering, slow motion followed by the gaze of joy on his face. The next picture will be his next gift to the world - the finest goal of the World Cup. Burruchaga hit the ball to Maradona, who sat around on the right side of his own half. He strained and accelerated away from Beardsley and Reid. This was the real Diego - he blew through battles and attacked Fenwick. Fenwick now had the opportunity to stop the attack. Usually he would have directed his boot somewhere near Maradona's thighs - he would have picked up a red card, but who cares? Then Fenwick had a brain wave - he hesitated and decided to run at Maradona with his weapons - perhaps he tried to knock him off? Diego shot into the box when Fenwick fell. Butcher had run along with the brilliant as if he offered encouragement. Shilton cried out in panic and Maradona waved about him and was willing to score. Now the butcher remembered his role and tried to cripple the Argentine - instead he gave extra impetus to the shot that smashed into the goal. England came home. <br /> <br /> During this magical Mexican summer, the world had found a successor to Pele. In fact, the biggest ever football player had been surpassed - Pele had been fantastic in 1958 and 1970, but had had good players around him. Maradona didn't. 1986 was his World Cup.
