This movie is a must for all people who enjoy football as an art. What first hits this movie about a football championship is the way it is filmed. Besides following the play as a TV show, there are generous recordings dedicated to following individual players in the games. This produces emotions and situations that these men go through as they try to honor. Today's TV show style, which is so different from 1986, is still worse than this movie. The players are not the only stars. The audience, the judges, the journalists covering the struggles and the environment itself play a central role in the development of what is history today. In this movie you can see how all these factors interact in a very explicit way. In this respect, today's television television style has not yet reached this level of quality, even though it is now much closer than before. There are several featured players: Maradona (Argentina), Elkjaer and Laudrup (Denmark)), Francescoli (Uruguay), Platini (France), Lineker (England), Rummenigge (Germany), Butrague # o (Spain), Socrates (Brazil) and Sanchez (Mexico). <br /> <br /> This movie is not a collection of Mexico's best football movements in 1986, although most are well-covered. Across the film there is a stress to present several aspects of the game and the competition itself, based on the development of these players and teams, even at the expense of jumping over relevant games of the games themselves. This is what makes this movie so interesting and unique. Due to what happened to judges in Mexico in 1986, much of the commentary on this film and the World Cup is extremely Maradona-biased. Much of these comments do not take into account the fact that there is a judge and two line men that they are as human as the players and that all of the above fail in one way or another. Football rules do not allow judges to use TV-based replicas to make decisions, so mostly judges must decide what they perceive. As a result, judges play an active role in the development of a game. Their influence can be seen in several parts of this film. <br /> <br /> The sequel to the 1990 World Cup compared to this one is only a source of bitter disappointment. Much of it comes from being too involved in the game, while this movie tells things from a more distant, impartial point of view.
