People do not seem to give Lensman enough credit where it is due. A few questions have been overlooked, which is the key to understanding the Lensman experience. This year: For the year it was made in (1984) Lensman has some of the most amazing effects I have ever seen. As a person who looks very early in the 80's animation, Lensman is unique in using what appears to be computer generated imaging at a time when computers were extremely primitive. Kim's struggle against the geometric cutterbells in the laser maze can be taken as an excellent example of this. Every time I see I have to repeat myself that it was 1984 when it was made. <br /> <br /> Soundtrack: Lensman has one of the most crazy soundtracks I've heard, and this crazy hysterical beat permeates every corner of the movie. Lensman borrowed heavily on two Western mistakes and managed to deal with the first one - the need to fill every second of silence in a movie with music and the need for a heroine. While the music is well adapted and galvanizes scenes such as the motorcycle fight in Thionite Factory at Radelyx, the Hero theme fails because of Chris' very annoying value. It is interesting to note that the constant music disturbed my attempts at noise removal as I archived analogue band lenses to digital format - as there was no single second of silence available as a reference point. <br /> Western influences: Helmut - sounds like "helmet" and has about the same voice as Darth Vader. Clarissa Fairborn - has the same hairstyle as the Princess of SW and her name sounds suspiciously similar to Marissa Fairborn of Transformers. Takes over Han Solo's role by flying the ship and having some technical expertise. Buzzkirk - a concrete improvement on Chewbaka. The lens - a fine concrete copy of the power that comes across less as a chance to preach Christianity to the audience than in the original SW. While the power stood on the faith far more than concentration, the lens is a pure concentration tool. Theoretically, anyone can use the lens. The lens is far more limited than the force - is a purely defensive / offensive weapon. <br /> <br /> Technology: The Boskone Alliance has interesting meatballs. They look like storm troops only with red uniforms instead of whites. The idea of ​​a DNA weapon was nice if it had only been developed. The Galactic Alliance looked like Starblazers (or what it was called - the 60 Series where they fought Xylons). There was not enough ship to send matches to me - it is much improved in the second Lensman movie. Finally a note on Worzel. This character is a unique and very interesting character design that fortunately goes on to the second movie. <br /> <br />
