Barbra Streisand's debut TV special is still a highlight of entertainment history - in any medium. Clearly divided into three separate actions (to minimize the interruption of commercial breaks), Streisand made the bold yet masterful decision to lose the typical exhibition format of the time (which is why there are no guest stars or forced tax) and carry the whole the show on her shoulders alone. The risky movement paid tremendously as MY NAME IS BARBRA set a new standard for musical programming on television. <br /> <br /> Filmed in glorious black and white (which actually increases the efficiency of the show) My name is BARBRA is flawlessly conceived and impressive shot. But what makes the show really transcendent is Streisand himself. Watching the then 23-year-old performer navigates through the 55 minute run time of the show is nothing short of exciting. She's in great voice (and herself performing the entire first and third action live), and gives first proof of the immense power of the star that would soon follow her to the big screen. <br /> <br /> The greatest asset of the thesis is It is brave to let Streisand simply stand on the stage and sing some good songs. After the powerful opening of "Much More" (with a brief opening cut from Leonard Bernstein's "My Name Is Barbara"), Barbra continues to wander through a multi-level studio set that performs a frantic version of the Disney classic "I'm Late . " In between the verses of "I'm late", Streisand stops at different levels of the set to sing some amazing songs, such as. The thrilling "Make Believe" and the thundering "How does wine tasting work?" Halfway through the law, I start Barbra again his own childhood to the tribes of "A Kid Again" and give so much energetic performances of "I'm Five" and "Sweet Zoo" as they walk in between a big one. However, the illusion is finally broken when Streisand finds himself out of the imagination and back in the real world. She then sings about this lost childhood innocence in the lovely "Where's the miracle?" Streisand then stretches out to a platform stage surrounded by a whole room of musicians and performs a blast of "People" before the thunderous applause of a live studio audience. <br /> <br /> Act II of the special start with Streisand hamming it up to the study age with a campy rendition of "I've Got the Blues" before delivering a comedy monologue about "Pearl from Istanbul." Streisand then leads out to Bergdorf Goodman's warehouse, which allows her to sing a medley of poverty songs while parading around in some of the store's fashionable fashion styles. This segment is the brightest highlight of the thesis for many fans and critics. Some high points in the Act II medley include Streisand singing a restrained version of "Second Hand Rose" to the audience, which appears as a Latin bullfight for the tune "Nobody knows you when you are down and out" and depicts a frustrated paperboy while he curls on "Brother, you can save a penny." The third law of the thesis is a straight concert, with no set pieces or concepts. Streisand is a practitioner who really thrives on the concert phase, and this segment is the most exciting moment on the thesis. Streisand starts with an almost gravity-dampening reproduction of "When the sun comes out" and continues to marvel at the viewer with a nice version of THE YEARLING ballad "Why have I chosen you", a burning performance of "Lover Come back to Me, "and a passionate medley of three songs is FUNNY GIRL. However, Streisand really unfolds with a phenomenal representation of the Fanny Brice / Billie Holiday standard "My Man", which immediately became the singer's most beloved signature songs. <br /> <br /> Streisand performs its immortal ballad version of "Happy Days Are Here Again" as the final credits roll by on the left side of the screen. The iconic finish to the number confirms to the viewer that he or she has really seen something very special. My name is BARBRA was a huge rating triumph when it was first broadcast, and it ultimately depended on five Emmy awards in addition to spawning two Top-Five, Gold-selling soundtrack albums. Seeing it all again, this is absolutely no surprise.
