Streisand fans only get acquainted with her work from the FUNNY GIRL movie and in the future have to see this show to see what a brilliant performer Streisand WAS - BEFORE she achieved her goal of becoming a movie star. There had never been a female singer like her before, and there would never be again (sorry, Celine - only in your dreams!) But never again would Streisand sing with the life force, energy and above all ENTHUSIASMEN and VULNERABILITY as she Performing Here - When She Comes To The Central Park Concert Only 2 or 3 Years Later, She had filmed FUNNY GIRL in Hollywood, and her executive style has become less spontaneous and more reserved, more repetitive (and, let's see it: more angry) - there is a wall between her and the audience. Live performances were never what she really enjoyed - she did it because she knew it was her ticket to Hollywood, and when she no longer had to, she made it as little as possible (and oh, the legendary stage war so excuse me!). Her voice here and on her former Judy Garland Show look is incredible: Streisand could really make an old song sound new again, and composers like Richard Rodgers and Harold Arlen loved her for it. But in the 1970s, Streisand tried to be a "rock" singer who was associated with the younger audience, with exaggerated cries of songs that were unworthy of her efforts or her voice. <br /> <br /> In the 80s, she returned with the brilliant "Broadway Album", but continued what a fight was to get it done, how "they" told her not to do so, etc. Oh please - when did anyone tell Streisand what to do? She could have done good things for so long and bring the audience up to her level instead of bowing to what she thought the young public wanted. (The "Back to Broadway" sequel was almost not as good as Streisand seems to feel it necessary to improve the work of other composers: if he lived at that time, Richard Rodgers himself would have recognized his own "Enchanted Evening" "Rodgers, infamous In order to take singers to play around with their tunes, it would undoubtedly have been after Streisand sings what he had written! She also blows Michael Crawford out of the CD in their duet "Night of Music" apparently reminiscent of him if CD is it Why is she insisting on taking songs that are duets and singing themselves, and songs that are not duets and singing those who duet with another, which she then continues to diminish?) <Mr Judy Garland Streisand probably took aside and shouted to her: "Don't let them do what they did for me." Advice Streisand did not waste time in mockery - despite her protest opposite, it always seems to have been the road or the highway. told CBS brass how her first TV special would be done - no guests, just HERE. <br /> <br /> But no one can argue with the results that are so clear here. Treat yourself to this amazing musical phenomenon before she was a legend - you will be amazed at the difference! PS - I saw it again last night (12/01) after not seeing it for many years - it was even better than I remembered! The first law begins with "I am late" and includes "Make Believe" and "How does the Wine Taste" and Barbra's tribute to childhood, "I'm Five" - ​​the climbs that Streisand appear with full (and I believes FULL) orchestra to sing "People" - she was not sad the song yet, and although it is a somewhat shorter version, then it really breaks - compares it to some of her later "auto-pilot" versions. The second act (after Streisand's "cooked" schtick tits, which have not changed much over the years) is the famous series of Depression songs set amidst the Bergdorf-Goodman's extravagance. 3. The law is the stunning - call it "Streisand, the orchestra and the audience" (although we never see the audience who apparently testify to this historic event). With her fear of the audience and the reluctance of such performance, it may have been the hardest part for her, but if not, it doesn't show up. She tears through "Lover Come Back to Me" and the torch "When the sun comes out" (although I can't remember in what order!), The Sharp "Why did I choose you?" (One of my all-time favorite Streisand performances) and offers a medley of FUNNY GIRL songs, including (of course) "Do not Rain on My Parade" and my favorite song from "The Music That Makes Me Dance". Explains that "Fanny Brice sang a song like in 1922 and it made her Broadway's toast", so Streisand saw "My Man" and it is almost a dress-rehearsal template for her later screen version in the FUNNY GIRL movie (the largest The difference is that the black dress here is unruly - her film dress had long sleeves and against the black background everything we saw her and face), but the vocals here are more urgent and charged than her later film vocals. (Her performance of the song has everything to do with Streisand and nothing to do with Fanny Brice, who of course never sang the song in such a widespread man as Streisand does here or in the movie - see THE GREAT ZIEGFIELD for a glimpse of Brice's more underrated version.) The show ends with Streisand sings "Happy Days Are Here Again" over the credits. <br /> <br /> When it was over I said to the friend I saw it, "She's never done anything better!" <br /> <br /> And she was thirty-three years old!
