Barbra Streisand in 1964 was still a curiosity and probably traveled more than a few eyebrows in the industry when CBS signed her for a 10-year, $ 5 million TV deal (nothing these days). But more importantly, Barbra and her manager insisted on creative control - and got it. She had this special filmed her way, and for the most part her vision was, in turn, clever, tidy and incredible. Opening Act I with the title song (not written specifically for her), Streisand runs through a classically cast song associated with "I'm Late" (from "Alice in Wonderland" - she even keeps in the line of fuzzy ears and whiskers and " too much time to shave "!); this is a totally charming, if not bizarre, selection - and enjoy it because it did not publish the two soundtrack bums. She lowers for "Make Believe" (which may be too slow), but the dramatic "How does wine tasting work?" is fantastic. "A Kid Again" is cute (with Streisand looking small in a big chair - is that where Lily Tomlin got the idea?), Which is "Sweet Zoo" ("I am an alligator - crocodile ?? - no, alligator!" ). "Where's the Wonder" is very cool and elegant, and her "People" number, surrounded by an orchestra tapping at her near by, is amazing. Act II is set in New York City's Bergdof Goodman, with Streisand acting koky in high fashion get-ups (when she suddenly stumps on the mink, the audience looks at the band actually gasping). Act III, before a study audience (made by lucky fan club devotees), begins with a powerful version of "When the Sun Comes Out" (Streisand actually looks at the dramatic close) and followed by "Why Did I Choose You?" (probably her best early song), one too fast "Lover, Come Back to Me" (where she eventually drowns out of the orchestra) and a "Funny Girl" medley. The final, "Happy Days, is here again", which supposedly took 12 takes, closes the hour in great way. Sponsored by Chemstrand (a fiber-producing company!), This black-and-white pearl moves fast, with jazzy setups, great filmography, kick sets and costumes. They no longer make them like that - and it's about the special and for La Streisand.
