I couldn't help feeling that this could have been a bigger movie than it was. The play is very intelligent, and it just seemed that it could have been opened in a way reminiscent of Seven. Not by changing the story - I think mainly of cinematography. The camera was the only thing I thought of holding the film back. On the other hand, the pacing was completely on the point. The one who worked on editing really did their job well. And I thought Bill Paxton did a good job of leading. Now away from the technical stuff ... <br /> <br /> This movie threw me into a loop. SPOILER AHEAD !!!! Ever since, I really felt that Bill Paxton was crazy, and when Adam finally took the FBI agent to the Rose Garden to show him where the body was buried and revealed who he was, I was thrown to a loop. I had suspected the first part of the twist, but what really threw me was when he touched the agent and sees the agent murdering his mother and the fact that the agent too (without words spoken just by touching) sees it again with Adam and ask him how he knew it. My dilemma was not that it was yet another twist thrown in, but the almost inconceivable idea that this man and his father were not crazy, but actually picked out 'evil' so to speak, as they already knew their sins and crimes . I do not support the eye, so I did not leave the film that could believe they did God's work. Instead, I chose to believe that they were both clairvoyant, and that the father had left the deep end one day from it and through the things for which he exposed his sons also permanently disturbed them. It was my interpretation, but the excitement of the movie was that it was like a house of cards and an infinite circle, and what is the correct interpretation of the disturbing events you have put through. It is certainly one of those movies where I would love to meet the author, so I could just ask him what the real meaning was for it all. Were they crazy and psychotic? Were they simply telepathic and took a license because of it? Or did they have a kind of look from God? And in that case it was God or the devil who hides as God. My friends and I were talking about it all night and trying to figure out what and what the filmmakers had thought was the answer when making this movie. A completely confusing and thought-provoking movie with some very disturbing but certainly not sensational elements to it. It's not a perfect movie, but it certainly is. Great directorial work and acting by Bill Paxton and the child who played Fenton were extremely good. I hope he does not end up being referred to the child's actor syndrome as he seems to have many promises. I gave this movie a good voice for most of the components that produce a movie, but I would have voted higher if it wasn't for the feeling that something (although I can't figure out what) was off, and if it hadn't been, the film would have been at an even higher level. Still a definite recommend, especially for those who are curious.
