The movie "Frailty" is actually more a psychological thriller than it is a horror movie. It has all the trappings of a horror movie, but it is not. "Frailty" is a film about beliefs of religion and realizing the differences between right and wrong. <br /> <br /> In "Frailty," a middle-aged father (Bill Paxton) and his two sons claim to do the work of God. It turns out that they are a trio of infamous serial killers called "Hands of God." We see the father killing the "demons" in some rather brutal ways as they convince their sons and themselves that they are doing the work God and that what they do is right. He claims he received a message from an angel who gave him specific instructions to remove those living on earth. God has given him a list of names and in return for his "services"; He and his sons will be protected, which in principle means that the police will never be able to catch them. We see all this unfold in front of us in a very disturbing way. But what is really worrying about it all is the effect it has on the two sons, especially the eldest son, Adam. Adam seriously doubts the existence of a supreme being, that is, until his father and a week in the basement change all that. He knows that his father, of course, has lost his mind and is pretty sure that the same thing happens to his younger brother, Fenton. Fenton, the other half of this puzzle, takes everything as if it were his own religion. He is trapped in his father's world by God and demons. It is assumed that this is because he is so young and easily impressionable. But everything that happens to these three is quite convincing, even too convincing. <br /> <br /> The events in the movie can be seen as a living hallucination experienced by the three main characters. I say this because each one reacts to the situation in different ways, and at some point in the movie they each claim to see God. Father first sees the murders as his mission. His "mission" eventually uses him and quickly becomes an obsession with the extermination of demons. In fact, his hallucination is the primary. His "orders" and the list of names he receives are all part of this hallucination. Look at the scene where Dad finds the ax in a shed to find out where I come from. Fenton, the younger son, is easily impressed by all this talk of demons and destruction. When he is so young, it is easy for him to fall into his father's trap. Adam, on the other hand, is very skeptical of his father's actions. <br /> <br /> *** SPOILERS *** <br /> <br /> In a way, hallucination ends when Dad gets killed at the end of the movie. (I don't want to say how or under what circumstances). But I would say that it is not comfortable. After his death, it is fast to the present. (The story is told through flashbacks seen through the eyes of the eldest son Adam). In fact, it is Fenton who tells the story, not Adam who originally thought. The story is told how he perceived it, through his actions and his brother's actions. Fenton has gone crazy and continues what his father started by luring the FBI agent in his trap. Since religion is a main theme of this film, the film also plays on how easy it is for religion to be misinterpreted by those who do not have a full understanding of it. Before Dad discovered his newfound mission, he didn't even have a clear understanding of religion either, he fully believed in a supreme being. His sons, Fenton and Adam, often sang innocent little children's church hymns, but probably did not have a clear understanding of what the texts meant. After the revelation of Father's newfound mission, they both departed in separate directions - Adam doubted that there was a supreme being, while Fenton was gradually sucked into his father's madness. <br /> <br /> A very good thriller who wants to crawl out of you doesn't see it alone.
