Frailty is a non-gory horror movie that achieves its chills by following the logic and impact of a man's delusion / obsession right into depravity. Father (we never learn his name) is a gentle man and loving father who raises his sons alone after Mom died, giving birth to the youngest son, Adam. The family world flips up and down late one night when Dad rushes into the boy's room and tells them that God has given him a vision. And what vision? The whole family's job is to destroy demons, which of course are disguised in human form. <br /> <br /> Based on this assumption, the film is unclear in following it. Dad kidnaps people / demons that God has told him to destroy, bind them, lay hands on them to see a vision of their evil, then kill them ?? while making his young sons. Fenton, the older boy, is horrified, seeing only a father who has become a mad murderer. Adam, the younger, is uncomfortable, but trusts that Father follows God's will. Eventually, Dad takes his sons on missions to abduct the "demons" that God has put on Father's list, and finally invites them to fully participate in God's mission for the family. <br /> <br /> This is not you understand, a violent father. He loves his children. He only follows God's instructions: "This is our job now, son. We must do this." When Fenton, frightened and convinced that his father has become angry, he says he must report him to the police. The father explains, "If you do that, son, I'll die. The angel was clear about this." The pressure the children are under is unbearable and tragic and awakens their entire lives. (1) The structure of the movie is similar to that used in The Usual Suspects: a story in flashback, told in a police station to an FBI agent. The moody lighting, the stormy weather and the eerie tranquility of today's day add to the threat of the background. I would believe in the unfolding horror, was just a story, until I remembered the real parallel of Andrea Yates, who thought she was obsessed with Satan and could save her children by drowning them. Yet I would believe that I was looking at a human tragedy, rather than a story of divine retribution. <br /> <br /> The movie gave me no such comfort, as it gave strong traces at the end of the father's authenticity of father's vision. And this, as much as some plot holes, was a problem for me. Regardless of the evil that his victims might have committed, regardless of the accuracy of father's visions, where does anyone come out of the authority to act as a dead angel? (1) Roger Ebert review, 4/12/02
