Okay, the latest story of Star Trek hasn't been good. Next Generation faded in its last few seasons, the DS9 remained boldly where no one had stayed before, and Voyager started very badly and never lived up to its promise. So when they announced a new Star Trek series, I didn't have high expectations. And the first episode, Broken Bow, had some problems. But in general it was solid Trek material and a good body. <br /> <br /> I get the rivets out of the way first. The opening theme is boring, and I am not looking to sit through it regularly, but it is the remote control for. What was really bad was the completely free lotion rub scene that almost drove my wife out of space. They have to cut it nonsense. <br /> <br /> But the plot was strong and moved well together. The signs, but still new, seem to be well rounded and not always what one would expect. The volcanoes are clearly presented much differently than before, with a slightly vicious theme. I especially liked the linguist who is the first Star Trek character, not to be able to stand proud of death, but rather to deal with her phobias and fears. They seemed to be true to Trek Lore, something that has been a major problem in previous series, although they have plenty of time to bring us things like shooting through shields, the instant invention of technology that can repair something, and the inevitable abundance of time travel stories. Anyone want to start a pool, how long before Borg comes up? <br /> <br /> All in all, the series has enormous opportunities. They see the universe with fresh eyes. We have the chance to learn how things became as they were in the later series. How did the Klingons go from just offending to war? How did we meet the Romulans? How formed the League and who put the Earth in charge. Why is the primary directive so important? If they address these things instead of spitting time episodes, this will be an interesting series. My favorite line: Zephram Cochran says "where no one has gone before" (not "no")
