A number of Richard Attenborough's films as director have been biographies of great historical characters "Young Winston", "Gandhi", "Chaplin". "Gray Owl" is also a film of a historical individual, but in this case Attenborough's subject is a much more unclear character. Gray Owl was a Canadian author of the 1920s and 1930s who promoted the ideas of environment and nature conservation at a time when these causes were less fashionable than they are today. He was generally believed to be an American Indian; The story he told of himself was that he was born in Mexico to a Scottish father and apache mother and had emigrated to Canada, where he had been adopted as a member of the Ojibway tribe. He lived in a cabin by a lake in a remote part of the Canadian wilderness, where he served as a staircase. He traveled Britain twice in 1935 and 1937 to promote his books and lectures on conservation and achieved great success, even though he was introduced to the royal family. (During one of these tours, Attenborough saw a teenager, Gray Owl at the London Palladium Theater). However, after his death in 1938, it became apparent that he had not been as he claimed to be; His real name was Archibald Belaney, and he was born in the English seaside resort of Hastings. <br /> <br /> The film differs somewhat from the facts of Gray Owl's life. In a 1934 scene, he states that he is 41 years old; In fact, he was born in 1888, so it would have been 46 in that year. (46 would have been Pierce Brosnan's age when the movie was made so I'm not sure why this change was made). Numerous events are compressed in the last four years of Gray Owl's life (1934-1938). In the film, during this period, he meets and marries Gertrude Bernard, whom he called Anahareo; In fact, he met and married Gertrude as early as 1925. The film also omits that they were divorced in 1936 and that Gray Owl was married again shortly before his death. <br /> <br /> The revelation of Gray Owl's true identity negatively impacted his posthumous reputation and he was dismissed as a "fraud". His suspected fraud was even used to discredit the causes he had pursued. However, Richard Attenborough takes a more sympathetic picture of his performance. One of the themes explored by the film is the issue of ethnic identity. Although the former Archibald Belaney was not a Canadian native at birth, there is no doubt that he had a profound knowledge of Ojibway's culture and lore, and that he spoke their language fluently. He was accepted by Ojibway as a member of their tribe. It therefore seems unfair to describe his claim to a native North American identity as being a fraud, simply because it was an identity he had chosen rather than one he had been born in. According to the film, Gray Owl's wife Gertrude was her of Indian descent, but came from a family that had been assimilated into the white Canadian culture. Her marriage can therefore be seen as her restoration of her family's original cultural heritage. She was clearly influenced by her husband, but she also influenced him and persuaded him to abandon his work as a fur hunter as she had moral objections to killing animals for their fur. One criticism made by the film is that Pierce Brosnan is "miscast" as the hero, a criticism that seems to be rooted in the prediction that Brosnan can only play action heroes in the James Bond form. However, it seems to me that Brosnan has deliberately taken this role to avoid being typecast, the taciturn backwoodsman Gray Owl is just as far from the suave, sophisticated agent Bond you can get. The original Bond, Sean Connery, also seems to have deliberately chosen contrasting roles when he appeared in films like "The Hill" or "The Molly Maguires". Brosnan is actually very good in this role, although I agree with those who found Annie Galipeau weak as Gertrude. <br /> <br /> Another critical criticism I would not agree with is that the movie is "boring". It is certainly not an action movie like Bonds, nor is it a great epic biopic like "Gandhi" and it can actually seem boring to those who expected to be either. However, it is likely that anyone interested in the early days of the conservation movement or the philosophical consequences of national and ethnic identity will be helpful. The scenes in the Canadian forests are also beautifully photographed. Richard Attenborough has made us a service to help revive the interest of this half-forgotten but fascinating figure. 10.7
