Originally regarded as a solo vehicle for Dudley Moore, "Not only ... But also" his ex-'Beyond The Fringe 'partner Peter Cook saw the first show, and so well received, the controller of BBC-2 insisted he is on it every week since then. They were a classic comedy team - the chef was tall, beautiful and witty, while Dudley was short, charismatic and musically gifted. The sketch that brought the house down had them in a pub, wearing flat caps and silencers, raving about movie stars like Jane Russell and Greta Garbo. It remains one of the most hilarious sketches of all time, and even when Cook corpses well. The characters - idiot Pete and even bigger idiot Dud - found their way into each episode of the show being properly viewed in another setting, such as. a zoo or an art gallery. In the latter, they tasted sandwiches while they discussed artworks. "The Leonardo DaVinci cartoon ... I can't see the joke!" Said Dud. Pete points out that when it was first revealed, it had enough people in it. Dud almost stifles his repast. "You really enjoy these sandwiches!", Ad libs Cook. The couple ran their humor out of each other in a way that was pleasing to see. The sketches even set new standards for comedy standards that would not be matched until the arrival of 'Monty Python'. <br /> <br /> As the popularity of the show rose, the quality of the guest stars. For example, Peter Sellers and John Lennon, the latter present a filmed item based on his poem 'Deaf Ted, Danoota, & Me'. 'One leg too few' - had Dud as 'George Spigott' (a name later reused in the movie 'Bedazzled'), a monotonous man who jumps into film producer Cook's office for auditioning the role of 'Tarzan'. Cook tries to let him down as well as possible. "I have nothing against your right leg!" He says. "The problem is - don't have you!". <br /> <br /> Occasionally, Dud would interview the eccentric Sir Arthur Streeb-Greebling (Cook), who, when he didn't teach ravens to fly underwater, planned to open a restaurant called 'The Frog & The Peach'. Another classic was 'The Leaping Nuns' (also reused in 'Bedazzled'). But my all-time favorite should be 'Superthunderstingcar', a wickedly fun (and exact) parody of Gerry and Sylvia Anderson's 'Thunderbirds'. Pete and Dud played all roles where the latter got a download 'Lady Penelope'. 'Ludwig' had Ludwig Van Beethoven as the star of a 'This Is Tom Jones' style black show. 'The Immortal Bargo' was a spoof documentary about the life of the exclusive movie star 'Emma Bargo'. In an unforgettable moment, she drove through London and bent through a high-pitched hill: "I want to be alone!" A season 3 feature was 'Poets Cornered' with Ronnie Barker, Spike Milligan, Barry Humphries, Willie Rushton and others suspended over a rock tank. They each had to improvise the line in a poem, and someone failed to do it reasonably in the unpleasant things. Three seasons were made in total, produced (at different times) by Joe McGrath, Dick Clement and Jimmy Gilbert. Unfortunately, very few versions survive. To make matters worse, the scripts were also destroyed. It is a belief that this situation should happen. <br /> <br /> The exhibition ended in 1970. The comics then hit Broadway, made the infamous "Derek & Clive" ties, but Cook's ever-growing alcoholism broke them apart. Eight years later, Cook announced that a new series was underway, but it turned out to be desirable thinking on his part. His ex-partner made movies in America and did not intend to work with Cook again (not at that time anyway). Enough footage was scraped together for a season of BBC-2 repetitions in the early '90s. As expected, some things had not stopped as well as others. Cook died in 1995 and, as a tribute, B.B.C composed a program of various 'Parkinson' interviews and 'Not Only ... But Also' shows. It ended up quite right with Pete and Dud to find themselves in heaven. "Bloody Hell!" Exclaimed the latter. Moore continued in 2002.
