Enterprise, the latest high budget spin-off for the most successful franchise in film and television history, opens for a 90-minute episode called 'Broken Bow'. First we are celebrated in a massive action sequence with a Klingon being hunted by some Suliban (which is the biggest enemy in the first season of the show). Then the television film takes us on a journey that rarely becomes as good as it, with some of the best character developments, stories and action / visual effects ever seen in such a short time. <br /> <br /> The opening allowance is a debatable topic among the minority of Enterprise fans, some of whom believe the song is out of place. What they do not do is the texts themselves. If you listen to the actual song, instead of the theme, then they begin to piece parts of the puzzle together. And as the series continues and we learn more about our brave captain and his crew, the song will actually be meaningful. All in all, Diane Warren's theme is beautifully orchestrated and sang just as well by opera singer Russell Watson. <br /> <br /> What makes every TV show easy and worth seeing over and over is its character and the way they are structured and layered. The company is (in my opinion) one of the most well-groomed shows since The Next Generation. Choosing Scott Bakula as Captain Jonathan Archer was the best decision when Gene himself threw Patrick Stewart as Jean-Luc Picard. As the captain always leads the show, Bakula adds a subtlety to his role and brings a big smile to the faces of everyone with blood pumping into their blood vessels. He is simply (both actor and characteristic) a fantastic person, and his charm, humor and compassion are overwhelming to see. As for the other cast members, a favorite of mine is John Billingsley, who plays Dr. Phlox. It's also nice to see that a non-human plays a role, and the decision to give the captain a dog called 'Porthos' was a well-received idea. During the show, the character development was brilliant, it was fast, well timed and almost perfect. I say almost because unfortunately Travis Mayweather's character played by Brit Anthony Montgomery is a little weak at the end of the first season. He has some things to say here and there, but remains in the hands of the producers to make him more important. Jolene Blalock is wonderful as the sometimes harsh but equally lovable sub-commander T'Pol. Dominic Keating as lieutenant Malcolm Reed plays a strong role and is convincing as an armory officer. Connor Trinneer plays Commander Charles "Trip" Tucker, who always adds charm and comic style to his character and finally Linda Park as Ensign Hoshi Sato, who often plays a weaker character, but fortunately it quickly becomes interesting. All of these figures represent Enterprise, and all bring quality that Star Trek has not seen for a long time. Every person makes this show worth seeing. Smile and feel-good senses are guaranteed right from the first time we see them all on the bridge of the star ship Enterprise NX-01. <br /> <br /> The ship itself, the NX-01, is somewhat questionable in design. The series is set 150 years from now and 100 years before Captain Kirk. So why does the ship appear to be similar in design to mid-24th century ships, the Akira class starship? Continuity has been a problem in the Enterprise, but fortunately, Rick [Berman] and Brannon [Braga] provide suitable explanations for each one of them. Continuity is only a problem if you are always exploring shows and are obsessed with the smallest details. If you see the show with and open mind, then you have no problems, but there is an urge to know 'why' all the time. So what does Berman and Braga offer to the Star Trek fan base with the question of the ship itself? According to them, the NX-01 is how it is due to the incident in the first contact. As Zefram Cochrane saw Enterprise-E through its telescope and from talking to the away-side led by Commander Riker, it changed the ideas of the head. That's a good enough explanation for me. Of course, it is not so easy for some fans to accept that kind of answer, some go so far as to refuse to see the show until they get a fair answer. Come on, boys grow up. When George Lucas destroyed the Star Wars saga with the launch of his profit making a new trilogy, fans couldn't do anything, just watch and sap it all anyway. And then they learned it, yes it might not be that bad. If you cannot accept a quality program for what it is, not what it should be in your mind, go somewhere else. Or try to become a producer on the show and see what you can do. <br /> <br /> The sets on Enterprise remind me a lot about Defiant from Deep Space Nine. They often seem cold and have a creepy look of modern structure for them, and they cry that they belong to the military. Perhaps that is why the USS Enterprise crew (aka the American Navy flagship) likes it so much. They are striking sets and represent the show perfectly. <br /> <br /> The Rick Berman 'the overlord of the empire', as John Logan so accurately puts it, and his counterpart Brannon Braga has hit the nail upside down exactly where they should and in all the right places. Whether it's technical, visual, audio, editing or score. The company is a fine demonstration of how good television science fiction can ultimately be when it is in the hands of geniuses. The late Gene Roddenberry would be proud of this series and as a Star Trek fan, so should you.
