The tourist season is just completed on a remote island off the coast of Scotland, winter is beginning to set in, and the inhabitants, both humans and sheep, are settling for much quieter times ahead. Michael Gaffikin (James Warwick), a former paratrooper in the British Army, is the local dentist, he is not an islander at birth, and as such his relationship with local artist and cartographer Fiona Patterson (Celia Imrie) is always suspected, Not malicious, but right out of the protective instincts it has the tight community for their family. The islands serenity is broken when Gaffikin next to a lonely round of golf finds the headless remains of a brutally beaten woman. He immediately reports his gruesome find to Insp Inskip (Maurice Roëves) at the island's police station. Inskip supplies the remnants to the local doctor, dr. Goudry, for closer inspection. A quick search for the killer turns out to be fruitless, just like a search for a missing local woman. Over dinner that evening with Michael Gaffikin, Fiona realizes that the dead woman may be Sheila Anderson, a woman from the mainland living on the island during the winter months. A quick search on her home Dove Cottage reveals the missing remains of her body, her home turns out to be the murder scene, but why did the killer hit the torso over a mile into the forest? Suspicion immediately falls on one stranger left on the island, a colonel Howard (Jonathan Newth) who also happened to be the last person to see her alive when they came over on the last ferry together. <br /> <br /> Goudry asks Gaffikin for some dental skills on the victim's body, it turns out she has been torn apart or something of great strength, a set of teeth on the body seems to point to a human killer , another points to an unknown animal of some sort. A sheep is found mutilated, and then a Canadian ornithologist is killed. With a heavy mist rolling in, the island is cut from the mainland and any possibility of help, the radio does not work, apparently blocked and the telephone lines have been cut. Reports from UFOs and observation of a camouflage soldier are reinforced by the finding of a strange-looking craft hidden behind rocks on the beach. Inskip is confused and refuses to listen to anything but facts and laughs at Gaffikin's idea that foreigners may be involved, but an increase in radioactive levels on the island, he doubts. <br /> <br /> Based on the novel Child of the Vodyanoi by David Wiltshire, The Nightmare Man is adapted by Dr Who and Blake's 7 screenwriter Robert Holmes and directed by Douglas Camfield, who also had direct experience with both Sci / Fi classics and the film enjoy having such experienced genre experts on board. Nightmare One is, however, generally a concise, better designed piece that builds its plot along with solid character development, even down to the small characters, it is time to give them all a solid background. The island setting is perhaps a genre cliché that has been used over and over, but the one I enjoy very much, the remote, the feeling of being under siege without way out, always adds to the atmosphere, and here you get an extra oomph by Have an impenetrable fog close to hampering all efforts. In many genre actions of this kind, it is very easy for cases to become silly and for the plot to resort to the melodrama, but credit to Camfield he keeps everything with emphasis on credibility at all times. There is a authenticity of procedures, the signs even speak Gaelic at times to promote this point. If there is a negative about the killer, we get his / her / his POV to the killings, an acceptable cliché alone, but when seen through a red filter and a fish lens, it just screams overkill and dates the movie just a little. Still, you will be hard pressed to guess the outcome or identity or, for that matter, the murderers' nature, given the clues, but it is a fun and very well-acted piece. The local Scottish cast is unusual, the local bobbies Roeves and Cosmo especially kick each other and are a pleasure to watch. Imrie, never one I have taken in other works, is also quite good, and shows that she was female physics as if she were in a hammer production. The incredible, perhaps even confusing, end can irritate some viewers, it disappointed me in some ways, but considering when it was made, it is an understandable and acceptable addendum that, if you think about it, it is even more frightening.
