Even long-standing Shirley fans may be surprised by "Now and Forever." The movie was filmed with Paramount Studios? not with Shirley's parent company Twentieth Century Fox ?? in 1934, before Fox producer Darryl Zanuck had perfected the successful Shirley formula (sweet songs, cold hearts for her to melt, young couples to her to play cupid to, happy ending). Thus, "Now and Forever" falls into the category of a Shirley vehicle without the standard Shirley story. It's an awkward position for any movie, but this stunningly talented game makes it work. <br /> <br /> Gary Cooper and Carole Lombard star as fun-loving, irresponsible designers Jerry and Toni Day. The only thing that this devoted yet dysfunctional duo seems to hate more than being together is to be apart. When they suddenly landed with custody of Jerry's young daughter Penny (Shirley Temple), it's Toni ?? and not Penny, so many think ?? who persuades Jerry to abandon his criminal career. But Jerry flounders at his desk job and desperately proves he can take care of his new family, he will soon return to theft and dishonesty. In a standard Shirley unit, Penny tries to melt the heart of crusty curmudgeon Felix Evans, the victim of one of Jerry's downsides, but her attempts fail, because Evans is revealed to be a constructor himself, and he chants Jerry to help him with stealing jewels. The drama, warfare, death and grief that follow all make this movie a very unusual one for Little Miss Sunshine. There is no happy ending, no dance and only one song sequence (the sweet song "The world owes me a living"). <br /> <br /> But that doesn't mean that Shirley fans should avoid "Now and Forever." Rather, it is divergence from the usual Shirley story, making it more interesting and memorable than many of her other films. But beware: You should avoid the colored version of this movie and watch it in black and white if you can. The color is light, brittle and unrealistic, and in many scenes, Shirley's famous curls are actually red instead of blonde. Yikes!
