An unmarried, twenty-something hick (played by John Travolta) leaves the yard and goes to Houston, where he learns about life and love in a Texas honky tonk. At face value, it's a modern love story ... Texas style. There are gobs of cowboy hats, pickup trucks, neon beer signs, and references to big belt buckles and rodeos. The music, unless Texas is native, is Texas customized, thanks to the talents Mickey Gilley, Johnny Lee and Charlie Daniels Band. And the Texas Twang ... "Y'all". The story and the characters are about as subtle as the taste of Texas-five alarm chili made with Jalapeno peppers. It is enough to have civilized viewers interrupt the film in favor of a distinguished classic, perhaps with a lead star Laurence Olivier or Ingrid Bergman. "Hamlet" it's not. But "Urban Cowboy" is spicy and explicit, and I like it. <br /> <br /> Technically, the film is generally good. The dialogue, the production design and the costumes are all realistic; editing is good. And both casting and acting are commendable if not Oscar worthy. I would not have thrown Travolta into the role he plays, but he does a good job ... this is Debra Winger. Barry Corbin and Brooke Alderson are also good at supporting the role. But cinematography seemed weak. The movie copy I watched was grainy, and sometimes a bit of a reddish / orange hue, a visual feature I've noticed in other movies from the same time period. <br /> <br /> At first glance, the film doesn't seem to offer any social or political "message". But I would argue that when "Urban Cowboy" was released 25 years ago, it had rather prophetic implications. In 1980, the United States had all kinds of problems, not least the American hostages in Iran. In the minds of a lot of people since, the United States was pushed, bullied. <br /> <br /> This movie, along with others in its time, offered something that Americans wanted to see in their political leaders. .. toughness. "Urban Cowboy" is a very physical movie. The signs in it may not be the brightest people on Earth. But they are tough! Everything about "Urban Cowboy" is anti-intellectual. As a means of cultural expression, this 1980 film was one of several that provoked a new hardship for the United States. It started in 1980 with the choice of Reagan. And that era continues to this day with a president who is unlikely to be remembered for his intellect, but will be remembered for his toughness and aggression, traits that Americans seem to float as well as Texans for five-alarm chili.
