Let me first say that I am not from the south, but I am American. I don't love country music, but I can stomach it. I would never wear a cowboy hat, but I wear hats. I don't live in a trailer, but I eat tuna salad and own a home. What does this have to do with this comment? Much if you are one of those people who say that only "country" people love this movie. This movie is loosely based on "The beloved and lost" premise. James Bridges directs an American love story as real as it gets. In an era of Jerry Springer and "Lets put it out there" mentality, this movie calls threatening than ever. Bud is "age" and starts on his own life with a little help from his aunt and uncle, so he moves to the big city with them. Bud finds himself drawn into the local honky tonk world for the only escape a blue collar man can afford. He quickly meets Sissy, who has a similar background, and the two have a whirlwind romance filled with painful ups and downs. <br /> <br /> (* This plot takes so many revolutions that you just have to sit for a few minutes before getting hooked. Marriage is a focus here that is often missed. Early in the movie they marry and we Seeing the transition from being single to married, the film highlights some of the modern struggles that a woman has when she marries an old-fashioned man, as well as the male ego with women and competition.) <br /> <br / > Bud is challenged and excited when Micky puts in an electronic bull. Sissy gets ideas about having fun on it too, but one quickly remembers that she is married and has to start "acting like it." The sensitivity between the two characters is raw and expressive, and the plot continues from there, especially when (NOTE THAT HELP UNIT STORYLINE AWAY) split and Sissy falls to an ex-con with a penchant for abuse and cruelty. She soon realizes that the grass is not always greener on the other side. How anyone can compare Bud to Vinnie Barbirino is shocking to me. John Travolta gave an outstanding achievement that was worthy of recognition. He was trustworthy and genuine. The scene where he shaves his beard and you first see him in the bar. Allow me to give goose bumps. Mind you, I'm not a big Travolta fan, but come on, I see why Sissy kicked off her boots so early in the movie. Deb Winger was so kind that you found yourself sympathetic to her as she pointed to a feeling of emotion at Bud, after smashing in to clean her house during their breakup. <br /> <br /> The support molding was incredible. Wes's play by Scott Glenn gave a first-class achievement that made you hate him and curse him when he abused Sissy. Madolyn Smith-Osborne, whom Bud's Mistress / girlfriend was so authentic, that big chested girls across the United States asked to wake up the flatbed to wear the clothes she donned in the movie. My biggest kudos go to Barry Corbin and Brooke Anderson as Bud's aunt and uncle. They seemed like someone else's aunt and uncle somewhere in Texas and yet their little role, they made the movie so much bigger and alive. Two memorable scenes were the Dolly Parton competition and the unforgettable scene where Bud and his aunt stand outside after one of the characters' death. The dialogue between them affects. <br /> <br /> If you can see this for what it is, a true American love story. So I recommend that you take it for what it is ... a movie before it's time that gave us voyeurism to a world as opposed to our own but right enough for our enjoyment and entertainment. If this world sounds like yours, then you will enjoy it so much more. Finally, the music is dated, sure to send you back in time if you are over 30 years old.
