There is no major misunderstanding to do in history than to reject it. This takes the easiest and lowest route that just shows him as a monster. Only show their negative sides and exaggerate them. "Those who are ignorant of the past judge us to repeat it". He was a human being. It may prove difficult for some people to accept, but an important part of life faces what we do not want. Instead of demonizing the man, we should try to understand him. Otherwise, we stand a little chance of preventing any similar in the future, or perhaps even the present, from succeeding in something of extremely comparable magnitude, insofar as damage and misery go. Hate him and what he did does not make him something mythical, intentional or otherwise. Frankly, too much of this mini-series could play "stupid stupid * duume *!" after or during scenes. The whole thing nods, nudges and glances at the audience with a clear message of "was this guy evil or what" that includes every bad feature (as well as making more that goes directly to who and what he was) they seem more or less out of nowhere and has them constantly throughout his life, not something he believed or claimed. This should never be used to educate. Use Der Untergang (Downfall, in English), and perhaps point out the few inaccuracies thereof, instead. This is disrespectful of the actual events that took place and of all survivors, not to mention those who died. The cinematic quality? Excellent. It is well done, through and through, excellent production values, a solid bow to the well-known plot, which characterization occurs, is strong and credible, dialogue and script are great, all appearances are masterful (Carlyle sees and behaves the role ... as it was written ... perfect), the music is well composed, film and editing are flawless and creative, and it is certainly dramatic, entertaining and riveting. They get dates and many events, and do them justice. If I had been offered to work on this and did not feel that I could be objective enough to make Hitler seem like a full-fledged person, I would have rejected it and quoted it as the reason. I don't blame anyone for deterring him. How can you forgive what he did and are we sure we should? That's not what I suggest. Finally, I would like to point out that, as I write this, we are in a worldwide economic crisis that has lasted for about two years, and it is not very disparate by the stock market in 1929. The two reasons it led to a depression of it New millennium as follows: Governments are giving money to banks to keep the market going and most of the countries are now friendly to each other. Apart from that, the lesson had not been learned. Hopefully now. Back to this ... my suggestion? Read a book, non-fiction that deals with the topic. There are lots of informative, wise. The DVD has a trailer. I only recommend this to those who know better, and strongly encourage anyone who has seen it to find out the truth. 8.10
