In Christian Duguay's movie, Hitler: The Rise of Evil, Hitler's early years of life and politics are successfully shown with some minor historical flaws and some exaggeration. It is quite natural that a Hollywood movie contains such things, as the main purpose of the production is the income they receive from the film. Although such errors may disappoint some members of the audience who think that everything should be done in the book, I think most of them fit well with the rest of the movie, making it more interesting. We must not forget that this movie is not a documentary. Who cares how his dog anyway. <br /> <br /> Throughout the movie, Hitler is portrayed as a psychologically unstable figure that gets sour very easily and is very passionate about its ideals. But he was not portrayed as a super-villain, but more like an ambitious politician. I think this is a good perspective, as the film is not contaminated by tons of negative emotions, and that made the film somewhat objective. Yes, he was a little sour, and his methods were rough, but he was still a human, not a completely crazy figure portrayed in "Inglorious Bastards". I think it made the movie more realistic even with some inaccuracies in the historical facts. The stream of history is nicely reflected to the crowd. Although the film's focus was on Hitler, we also had the opportunity to see what is happening in the country as a result of these actions through newspapers, discussions about people and the songs of a Jewish cabaret. Society's reaction was also reflected in movies, but it was very limited. The fight for journalist Fritz Gerlich and ironic games played in the cabaret was fun and interesting, but it was all. For the most part, we saw only his followers tearing the streets and cheering him. <br /> <br /> Another thing missing from the movie is information about the origin of his hatred of Jews. At the beginning of the film some ideas are given about this, but they were rather superficial. Suddenly he was a politician talking about the necessity of exterminating Jews. In conclusion, Hitler: The Rise of Evil cannot be considered an excellent movie that everyone will suffer, but it is not unsatisfactory at all. If you can stand directors switching history to cash, it is an interesting movie that reflects Hitler's personality successfully.
