I agree with many of the negative reviews posted here for reasons I will enter later. But these miniseries are powerful and compelling because the talented cast really captures the dark truth in Hitler's world. Peter Stormare is perfect as the brutal Brownshirt leader Ernst Rohm. Every scene he has with Hitler is explosive! Hitler is so bad he dominates everyone, but the thuggish, primitive Rohm - and he clearly digs Rohm for that very reason. The interplay between Stormare and Carlisle highlights the way Hitler revived Rohm's brutality, but later sacrificed him for political reasons. <br /> <br /> Jena Malone turns in a heartbreaking performance like Geli Raubal, Hitler's condemned Santa and victim of his invisible perversions. Without revealing any of the sexual filth directly, Jena Malone plays out of all the horrors of the slow eradication of a young girl's spirit. She uses her eyes and voice to suggest all the horrors that will be visited on millions in the coming years. And she is brilliant! Zoe Telford almost matches Jena Malone with her portrayal of Eva Braun. Eva is obviously sick, cruel and heartless - but at the same time dependent on her Adolph's angry tenderness. The killed love scene between them (suggesting Hitler's huge self-evident truth) is both chilling and erotic. Liev Schrieber gives a wonderful reed-like performance as Putzi Hanfstaengel, the spineless man-city-town seduced by Hitler's pledges of wealth and power. While a brute like Rohm simply loves the idea of ​​crushing skulls under his boots, Schrieber's character is one of many Germans who detest Nazi violence but cannot resist the quick and easy route to money and power. His weak will fawning over Hitler soon loses his respect for his wife, the game of style and sensuality of the amazing and royal Julianna Margulies. They give a true portrait of marriage and fraud. <br /> <br /> These performances carry the mini-series together and one can easily overcome occasional weaknesses in the script. There is one exception. Unfortunately, Matthew Modine's play is just not up to snuff. His noble lunk-haid journalist destroys every scene he has - the viewer can hardly wait for Rohm's brown shirts to stomp the lie, just look out of his ignorant, corn-pone low-rent Hollywood Golden Boy face. But history still works. <br /> <br /> Now, in relation to the factual inaccuracies of the script - Hitler's perversions and atrocities are reproduced in a vibrant, convincing drama. But the battlefield of Corporal Hitler is very distorted. As if scared that the audience could not cope with the idea of ​​evil and courage in the same person, the authors make Hitler look like a creeping fairy who "bathed" in an iron cross. As if anyone in the Kaiser's Army could get a medal just by cheating on it! The movie makes it look as if Hitler was a nap in the trench when he was a terrible soldier. They also suggest that his comrades despised him when, in fact, he was widely admired by officers and joined men. The disappointing thing is that the miniseries succeed so well in representing Hitler as a monster in honest ways - but they just couldn't resist the cheap shot. All in all, however, Hitler: RISE OF EVIL is a sharp success highlighted by powerful performances.
