The penultimate episode released from the original Star Trek series is an interesting, sometimes melancholy, show that the show still explored its characters, even at this time of the third season; Although failed, 'All Our Yesterdays' has its moments and generally a mood, convincing feel to it. Kirk, Spock and McCoy shine down to a planet, provided they arrive in time to save or at least warn whether the population is there as the planet's sun is due to explode during hours. But as it turns out, the people are overly aware of the fate of the planets, and with the help of a kind of time vehicle apparatus, the past has been avoided. Each person has been able to choose the time and place of the past, where he or she would like to live in a 'library' run by an older man named Mr. Atoz. Atoz assumes that the three men are looking for a past to live in too, and show them different periods from which to choose on the viewers. There is something quite forced confusion at the start of the episode, with lines like: <br /> <br /> McCoy-Where did they go? Atoz-where they wanted to. <br/> <br /> The misunderstanding could be resolved quite easily, but for plot purposes it is not, and soon Kirk finds himself back to a period similar to the 18th century England, while Spock and McCoy are sent to an ice age, 5000 years in the planet's past. From here, the main focus is on Spock and his relationship with a woman who was expelled at this time by a tyrant as punishment. Spock begins to act more emotionally, showing anger at McCoy and deep love for Zarabeth, the woman. He finally realizes that he returns to the primitive emotional state of his ancestors at Vulcan 5000 years ago. Kirk takes his way back to the library first and finally convinces Mr. Atoz, they don't belong in his planet's history. Spock and McCoy return just before it's too late, leaving Zarabeth behind; The company beams the three up and goes away as the sun explodes, destroying the planet. The interplay between Spock and Zarabeth gives this episode's most memorable moments, although Church's adventures in the English past are entertaining. All in all, a very decent last-day Star Trek excursion.
