The penultimate episode of Star Trek's third season is excellent and a highlight of the highly maligned last season. Essentially, Spock, McCoy and Kirk jump to Sarpeidon to find the plant's population completely missing except for the presence of a huge library and Atoz, the librarian. All 3 Trek characters unfortunately go into a time travel machine for various periods of Sarpeidon's past. Spock gives a convincing performance as an Ice Age Vulcan, falling in love with Zarabeth, while Kirk represents his unhappy time travel experience - see "The City on the Edge of Eternal" - when he is accused of witchcraft and imprisonment before escaping and finding doorway back in time to Sarpeidon's present. In the end, all 3 Trek characters will be stored just minutes before the Beta Niobe star around Sarpeidon goes supernova. The company warps away just as the star explodes. <br /> <br /> Ironically, as William Shatner notes in his book "Star Trek Memories", this show was the source of a conflict since Leonard Nimoy noted that no reason was given in Lisette's script for the reason. that Spock behaved in such an emotional way. Nimoy relayed his concerns directly to the show's executive producer, Fred Freiberger, that Vulcans should not fall in love. (p.272) Freiberger reasoned that the ice age situation allowed Spock to experience emotions, as it was a time when Vulcans were still not developed to their logical state. This was a good example of improvisation on Freiberger's page to save a script that was far above average for this episode. While Shatner notes that the decline in script quality in the third season made Spock artistic when his character was forced to bow like a donkey in "Plato's stepchildren", playing music with hippies in "The Way to Eden" or sometimes showing feelings, the script here was more credible. Spock's performance here was excellent as Freiberger originally admitted Shatner. (p.272) The only obvious plot is that since both Spock and McCoy traveled thousands of years back in time, McCoy should also have returned to a more primitive human state, not just Spock. But this is a forgivable mistake given the poor quality of many other season 3 shows, the amazing Spock / McCoy performance and the originality of this script. Who could have imagined that the current inhabitants of Sarpeidon would escape the fate of their death plan by entering their past? It's definitely what we came to expect from the best of 'Classic Trek' - a truly inspired story. <br /> <br /> Shatner, in 'Memories', says some of his best "exceptional and high-quality exhibitions" in Season 3 as The Enterprise Incident, Day of the Day, Is There No Beauty, Tholian Web, And Kids Must Lead And paradise syndrome. (p.273) While my personal opinion is that 'and the children must lead' is a very bad episode, while 'who is truly no beauty' is problematic, 'all our days' are definitely on the high season list three star Trek TOS movie. I give a 9 out of 10 to 'All of Your Days'.
