An Extraordinary Time Journey: Instead of traveling to the Earth's past, the main trio gets stuck in the story of another planet. They radiate to this planet whose sun is planned to go nova in 3 or 4 hours (it cuts it tightly!). In a kind of futuristic library they meet Mr. Atoz (A to Z, get it? Ha-ha) and his duplicates. It turns out, instead of escaping their planet's destruction through space travel, the usual way, the inhabitants have all escaped in the time of their planet's various times. Mr. Atoz uses a time machine to send people on the road when making a choice (check out the disks we see here, another Trek forecasting of CDs and DVDs!). When Mr. Atoz prepares the machine (Atavachron-what-sis), hears Gallant Kirk a woman's scream and runs into the planet's version of the Earth's 17th century, where he enters a sword battle and is arrested for witchcraft. There is an eccentric but good performance here in that the actor plays a woman with a bad reputation at this time by using phrasing of the time ("... you are a wavy coo .. Witch! Witch! They burn you ...! "). Spock & McCoy follows Kirk, but ends in an ice age, 5,000 years earlier. Kirk manages to get back to the library first. The real story here is Spock's conversion to the barbaric tendencies of his ancestors, the warlike Vulcans 5000 years ago. It's not really sensible, except that maybe this time machine is responsible for the change (though Spock & McCoy wasn't "prepared" by Atoz - oh, it also seems to me that Spock was influenced by the transition almost instantly - he mentions being from 'millions of light years' gone instead of the right hundreds or thousands - a gross mistake for a logical Vulcan). In any case, Spock really shows his creepy side here - forget "Day of the Day" and remember "This Side of Paradise" - McCoy quickly finds out that his Vulcan mate will not stand for any of his usual baiting and almost get seated face rearranged. Spock also gets it with Zarabeth, a nice female woman who had been exiled to this cold past as a punishment (a few Trek novels were written about Spock's son, the result of this union). All these scenes are eye openers, a reminder of how much Spock hides or holds. It is also ironic that only a few episodes earlier ("Requiem for Methuselah"), McCoy pointed out to Spock how he would never know the pain of love - and now all this happens. Kirk, on the other hand, is being talked to by the older Atoz, who insists that Kirk returns to an earlier era ("You are obviously a suicide band" - amazing stuff from actor Wolfe, last seen in "Bread and Circuses"). It all seems in the end, but as I mentioned earlier, they cut it very close. A nice little Trek adventure, with a particular cosmic slope.
