I'm a sucker for movies like this one. Movies that take you back and let you relive your childhood. I am an adult now and have many adult tasks like a mortgage, children, dogs, a wife and a lot of others. I enjoy my life, but it is not as innocent and carefree as it was when I was twelve. Mike Binder's Indian Summer knows this and explores this as if he were twelve years old. It brings you back to a time when life was simpler and much fun. It brings you back to a time when you worry about your first kiss and wonder if you could finish the camp marathon were important issues. Indian Summer is a great movie, and it is one that should be seen at least once a year so you can sit back and laugh ... and recognize. <br /> <br /> Movie stars Kevin Pollak, Bill Paxton, Diane Lane and Matt Craven (to name a few) as childhood women who are summoned back to Camp Tamakwa by their former chief executive, Uncle Lou. Uncle Lou is played perfectly by Alan Arkin. He is a kind of guy who is the patriarch of the group. He is also all aware and encompasses the true spirit of a father figure and one who understands the simple things in life. He has a hard time in relation to today's kids who need a walkman blaring in their ears when they are in a place of tremendous beauty like Tamakwa. This is a camp that has moose migrating through the camp, leaving colors that God gave them and water as far as the eye can see. Uncle Lou longs for the old days and asks his former campers back to the camp to see that one of them will take over the camp. While they are together again, we get to see their trials and tribulations, and perhaps a new love might jump between them. As the adults return to the camp, it is not long before they act as children again as the typical camps are played again. They take toilet paper out of the stalls, put toothpaste on sleeping bags and so on. All this happens hilariously and with actors like Pollak and Paxton, these are all very funny things. <br /> <br /> But beyond the hilarity we will explore some very real adult emotions that everyone can relate to. In one of my favorite scenes, Kevin Pollak and Elizabeth Perkins overlook a bay where they used to go on canoeing as children. Pollak can't get over how small it all looks, and Perkins finally tells him that the bay didn't diminish, they just grew bigger. It doesn't hammer the point home, but it does it subtly. We all grow up, we move on and unfortunately we cannot live like we did 20 years ago. The more things change, the more they remain the same. Indian Summer is a character-driven movie, and it is beautifully written by Mike Binder, who actually attended Camp Camp Tamakwa (who did Sam Raimi, who played Stick in the movie), and it's his dear and lively reminiscent of his experiences burning the movie. There are many touching scenes, and there are also lots of fun. Both are perfect. <br /> <br /> I love this movie. I love everything about it and it's a true hidden gem. <br /> <br /> 10/10
