Steven Spielberg produced, wrote, came up with ideas and even directed episodes of amazing stories, so of course this should be the greatest anthology ever true? Unfortunately wrong Some episodes are just amazing, but all too often it was a mixed bag. In fact, it could have been the downfall, it was too mixed. Some episodes were light comedies, some were dramas, some were horror, and one was even animated, making this a similar but not so good 80's version of the Twilight Zone (also around). <br /> <br /> Normally, I would like a mix of stories in an antology program, but they have just not worked fully here. Some of the more amazing dramatic episodes felt like they would be better off late at night on the Lifetime network, as the episode "Ghost Train", which was directed by Spielberg himself. In that episode, it gave the message of hope and gave us a fantasy story, but in general it was just an end to end that didn't blow me away anyway. The horror episodes tended to work better than the drama, but there were far more dramatic ones and they became tiring to watch. The action wise, this anthology got some great stars, similar to the original Twilight Zone. Kevin Costner, Kiefer Sutherland, Milton Berle, Dom Deluise, Harvey Keitel, Beau Bridges, Charlie Sheen, Forrest Whitaker, Tim Robbins, John Lithgow, Rhea Perlman, Danny Devito, Patrick Swayze, Christopher Lloyd, June Lockhart, Kathy Baker, Weird Al. Yankovich and many other familiar ones have been in episodes of the show. It is fun to see well-known actors in almost every episode of the series. Major directors have also been involved in episodes, including Spielberg himself, Clint Eastwood, Burt Reynolds, Bob Clark, Joe Dante, Mick Garris, Paul Bartel, Joe Dante, Robert Zemeckis, Danny Devito and even Martin Scorsese. I would actually recommend this more to fans of the directors and / or the 80s than anyone else. Amazing stories were sometimes amazing, usually good, occasionally mediocre, and every time a real stink came out. But this show has nostalgic value for me and it's fun to sit on boring afternoons and see some episodes. John Williams' theme music for the show is sure to get caught in everyone's head, which also sees it here. <br /> <br /> My rating: Good show. 30 minutes. per episode. TVPG
