Honestly, I expected to HATE this one and really only checked it out because Jenna Jameson is in it ... but I have to say I got a kick out of EVIL BREED. A group of college children and their teacher go on a field trip to Ireland. Their lodging is near the forest, where there are rumors that strange things are happening and tourists often disappear without trace. The group of post-teens is warned by the property's caretaker not to venture into the woods - but to be the stupid B movie characters they are - of course, they are not attentive and pay for their error one for one ... For the first is very wrong with EVIL BREED. The action / dialogue is pretty weak, and my big gripe is that a movie that has Jenna Jameson, Chasey Lain, Ginger Lynn and Taylor Hayes should have FAR more liberty than what was shown here - and Jenna's role in this production is roughly overhyped, as she has a total total value of approx. 2 minute screen time. Even less with Chasey, and Ginger Lynn shows no skin and has the worst Irish accent ever. Also the last scene in the movie makes absolutely no sense and feels like it is thrown in just to finish the movie. They grab aside - there are also some good things. Richard Greico and Chasey Lain are sent both early, with Greicys naked torso ending in a frying pan and Chasey's gut hanging from being torn in half (though how she ends up in this way does not appear on the screen) ... not bad for the first 5 minutes. The other kill scenes are quite inventive, including Jenna's forced breast implant removal, a guy who gets his colon pulled out through his ass, a knife through the face and a few other notes. The implant and colon scene also have unclear versions that are on the special features, and it is a shame that the producers made them cut them, so to speak. Also the film moves along with a good good clip when it comes in motion, so you don't really have too much time to get bored. "Creature" FX is also made competent, which certainly helps. Overall, EVIL BREED wasn't exactly as bad as I had expected. This, along with SATAN's LITTLE HELPER, has renewed my interest in US low-budget direct movie movies. I usually delete them as a whole, but these two have been decent enough to give me some faith. EVIL BREED is not a masterpiece, but it is a decent way to blow in 90 minutes - it can't hurt to suck on a bottle of cheap bourbon while you are - I know I was and I'm sure It didn't hurt the experience. 7.5 / 10
