A bunch of American students and their tutor decide to visit the ugliest part of Ireland to study ancient religious practices. Although repeatedly warned of the dangers of failing the beaten path (of the local scary Irish lighthouse, natch), they just do it and close with their inner courtesy of a family of inbred cannibals (the descendants of infamous Sawney Bean clan, who according to the film's stupid plot oped sticks from Scotland and settled on the Emerald Isle). <br /> <br /> If you think that pornstars plus low budget horror automatically correspond to tons of nudity and terrible acts, think again: Evil Racer is bursting with adult stars, but in reality there is almost as much nudity as one could expect to give the talent involved, and the play, even though it is far from Oscar's worth, is not all that bad (with the exception of Ginger Lynn Allen, whom we know can make wonderful 'French' but whose Irish is miserable). Evil race opens in stunning style with the brutal slaughter of a couple of amorous campers: after some brief under-canvas sex, the silicone enhanced hottie is pulled from the tent and torn for half; the guy has his arms and legs cut off and burned on a saliva. It is a very good start and fits well with the rest of the movie. Unfortunately, after this promising start, things start to go downhill seriously: we are introduced to the protagonists, an annoying bunch of twenty somethings just praying to become cannibal chow, and being exposed for some time wasted in the form of some horrible false horror, a lot of blarney about murderous druids from local Irish weirdo Gary (Simon Peacock) and worst of all, some sub-scream, postmodernist conversations about the conventions of horror film (where wise!). So as it looks like the movie never gets better, director Christian Viel decides to be serious: a guy gets a knife hit through his head and there's a free sex-in-the-shower scene with lovely blonde Gillian Leigh ( NOT a porn star, but I'm sure there is a career waiting if she wants it). Then things get better quickly as the cannibals jump into top-of-the-range eating equipment and the film turns into a true carnage: Gary has a machete hit in his ass (over time!) And is stuffed with the intestines; Ginger Lynn kick boxes a mutant; Jenna Jameson is torn open, penetrated and has her silicone breast implant nibbled by confused cannibal; a guy is beheaded by oysters and Taylor Hayes is seen bloody, crushed and naked with a dead fetus between his legs (apparently she has been caught and used as breeding material). All this is so outrageous that it makes you worth the worth of less interesting things, and earns Evil Breed a final rating of 7/10. <br /> <br /> NB. A very uneasy production and study management resulted in Christian Viel eventually abandoning the project. The re-shots were done and the gore was heavily trimmed for an American release. The good news is that even if the movie doesn't flow as well as it can and is damned with a horrible ending, the UK DVD (the version I saw) seems to have remained relatively intact for the splatter (only 13s were cut from the movie in total).
