If you were an instructor seeking to throw female victims of a slasher movie, would it certainly be wise to add a couple of pornstars? It's not as if they are inexperienced in front of the camera, they have no nausea with the necessary nudity and how many unattractive porn queens can you mention? Of course, Christian Viel acknowledged the potential for mixing hardcore actresses with hard-acting effects, and then he threw four of the adult's most sexy and notorious stars. Jenna Jameson, Chasey Lain, Ginger Lynn Allen and Taylor Hayes all show up for cameos. It is probably the most exciting slasher flick to be released since the Scream Reinvigorated genre. <br /> <br /> Samhain was originally intended for a movie release in October 2002 - keeping track of the Halloween-based synopsis. Unfortunately, the shot was plagued by many problems, which has prevented the function of achieving the exposure it deserves. Recently I heard it had been signed by Film 2000 here in England and was written to an end of October directly to DVD. Unfortunately, this label has an extremely uncomfortable track record with DTV slashers. Not happy to pollute our shelves with Camp Blood and its follow-up, they were also responsible for releasing Granny, Bleed and the rancid Paranoid. Can Samhain finally be worthy of ammunition for their concious catalog gun? <br /> <br /> Five Canadian / American students and their teacher head to Ireland as part of their history course. Upon arrival, they are told legends of a cannibalist clan who walked across Scotland's hills and murdered the locals for food. The cannibals were eventually caught and burned at the stake, but there are rumors that one of the tribes escaped and headed for the Irish forest to find refuge. After the kids have decided and started to do what all the massacre feeds in these flicks, the obligatory goody-to-shoes (and the particular heroine candidate) begin to be spooked by a shadow that creeps around late at night. Could it be that the hungry madman of the meat is still in the forest? Well, what do you think ??? <br /> <br /> It looks as if Samhain's production was jinxed right from the start. Almost immediately, Wallmart refused to develop Jenna Jameson's naked makeup shot, and Chasey Lain began to behave characteristically as a killed primadonna. Finally adding disgrace to injuries, manufacturers got cold feet just before the girl was hitting shelves and began talking about re-editing and removing gore. Reports have said they were dissatisfied with the violent amounts of violence and they wanted to trim scenes down so that it would achieve an R rating. Veil disagreed, of course, when he saw how his overall synopsis was enhanced by his creative graphic display. Gradually after months of arguments, the director divorced the company with Warehouse productions, and the function was again locked in the vaults. <br /> <br /> Despite numerous disturbances, Veil's slasher opus is still one of the best genre pieces to be released since the new millennium. The copy I was sent was pre-release screener, which was, of course, a test press without sound effects or the complete soundtrack. But it still boasted a few credible jump-scares, some amazing movies and a few of the most beautiful pieces I've seen for some time. A guy is disemboweled via his rectum before being strangled with his own intestine, Jenna Jameson is stripped naked and purged in blurred close-up, and Chasey Lain ends up "wasting her gut" after an unfortunate rescue attempt by her boyfriend (Richard Grieco) . Although the murders are exceptionally cruel, Samhain never feels disturbed, mainly due to the figures being sparsely depicted as basic slasher cliches. Quite frankly, the manuscript was perhaps the movie's biggest downfall, because the dialogue was not so much inspired by Wes Craven's Scream movie as it was sharply cut and inserted from them. Surely the inclusion of mouthwatering Jenna Jameson was a good piece of the producers. Her fans will be thrilled to know that she whips off her top (as expected) as does Chasey Lain and Taylor Hayes. But Samhain is not a soft porn movie, and it enjoys holding onto the structure it has set itself to produce. It is worth noting that the aforementioned XXX stars almost perform the specified "actors" of the function, which is not much of a complement. Ginger Lynn was at least remarkable (if you ignore the shameful 'Oirish accent') and her struggle with the hulking killer was superbly executed and choreographed by Alan Chou. Taylor and Jenna delivered the expected bad drama, which could have been caused by the many issues that were set in motion. Veil's direction of cinematography was excellently constructed, and he provides some much needed injections of excitement. Exciting and sharp photography is mixed with a good flair for storytelling, and the net result is a slasher extravaganza to satisfy even the most critical gore dogs. It will be interesting to see what kind of last cut is released by the community. Rumor has it that another director was designed to shoot another ending, and I'm curious how much of the explicit gore will remain intact for worldwide distribution . If the end result is only half as good as the hard pressure I was looking at, it is still better than almost all genre pieces that have been released in the last ten years. This one is definitely worth checking out ??
