Hong Kong executives crossing to Hollywood to make movies are nothing new, with the temporary exodus of songs like Tsui Hark, John Woo, Ringo Lam in the 90s. From their collective production, only a few films (or can I just say one?) Affected the cash register office. Andrew Lau and the Alan Mak partnership have been a tour of the latest HK movie story, especially with their now famous Infernal Affairs trilogy, which was recreated in Martin Scorsese's The Departed, so it's not surprising when Hollywood comes to the door. <Br /> <br /> But without partner Mak, who usually has script / history tasks, how did Lau go with writers Hans Bauer and Craig Mitchell? It's like X-Files without X, in the way the story is designed, the characters and the parallels drawn with the Chris Carter series. Richard Gere and Claire Danes mate David Duchovny and Gillian Anderson alone that they do not belong to a federal investigation body carrying weapons but are employees of Protective Services whose main role is to ensure that sexual predators belonging to their jurisdiction are kept secure from society when released from earning time. Therefore, the shepherds who are tending to their flock are merely suffering their flock from ill sexual perversion with a tendency to violence. The parallels in characterization are so obvious that it is just a cosmetic touch on the outside. Reed's Erroll Babbage is like a racer, a strange, lonely man, consumed by his obsession in his quest to harass his flock to bitch the line. Pain of a failed attempt to save a missing child, like how Mulder fires for his missing sister, Babbage is dismissed by colleagues and given the marching orders disguised as a retirement plan. He has deep disgust for the people he supervises, sick of their crimes and what they stand for, that he has no trouble using unorthodox methods without flying out of the handle while fighting illegal, predictive punishment. At the same time, he also has strong calls for him to fight against, not to cross the line to become like the one he is due. As part of the routine, he also scans newspapers and tabloids for tracks and leads to his goal, namely to seek closure, to save himself and to have a strong belief that truth is still out there and he will believe. <Br /> <br /> Danes Allison Lowry on the other hand is indénue brought in to replace Babbage. But in the meantime, while learning rope at work for the next 18 days, she is obliged to spy on him, and to report her shenanigans, much like what Dana Scully had to do with Fox Mulder. As the untender for preaching and holding on to the idea that they were returning to society has been healed by their temptations, she slowly begins to see what Babbage sees, and understands that it takes much more than just being a desk and an administrative job if she really wants to help people. And it is this discovery of the world of fetishes and deviant sexual practices that we all open our eyes to, as well as how 8mm starring Nicolas Cage brought snus films into the limelight. It is a decent exploration drama with the usual red herring, and mine are the great ones, as it made you wonder very often whether your guesses are correct and you soon find yourself fired from the hip as you are shown incorrectly in alarming frequency, although I do not credit this for a tight narrative, but more from the scattered number of characters (beware of Avril Lavigne's cameo) and sub-drawings. The scene in the dark work / storehouse was related to Se7's David Mills and William Somerset when they raided John's apartment and found plenty of bizarre inside, although this was given under the subject of nature, it was not much lingered. <br /> It seemed that the Flock somehow decided that Enrique Chediak's filming was good enough in spite of his very strange style of having no style and utilizing almost every trick in the book to try to recreate the feelings of seeing another Se7, only that this was deeply imbued with brown things, rather than the stupid and gloom of the scam. It takes a little time to get used to this, and I put this effect as one that actually derives from what happens in history. Not a really good movement though with some frequent repetition of scenes involving flashbacks. <br /> <br /> However, the Flock still makes decent entertainment, although X-philes out there will probably find it hard not to watch their favorite actors starring, given so many similarities in character. Gere and Danes perform some chemistry like the old fogy (heh) and his protégé, and while it is not as good, Andrew Lau managed to pull something fun out.
