I really like Richard Gere ... I always have and it seems so late that his status as a Hollywood star and cash machine has gone, but it seems to me that the reason is that he takes very mature, intense roles and have been very successful on it just not financially because I have seen him in some really good gems like late, including The Hoax, The Hunting Party (both have to watch movies! See my reviews) and now this The Flock which Apparently, it was supposed to be a major release given it's substantial 35 million + budget. It seems that some of the other IMDb reviews are very, very hard, because I thought the movie dealt with a potentially very serious social issue in a very direct, violent and disturbing way, and Gere just brings it all home. It's an action thriller drama that kept my glue on TV with its story. I think part of the problem that people seem to have with it is that Hollywood is a very serious problem, but I don't think it does that with disrespect, but trying to take another spin to make people aware that this exists. In fact, it is much the same as the hunting party treated the war. Hong Kong director Wai-keung Lau did a decent job holding it together, but I think that's what made it look. Richard Gere, as you may have guessed from my previous comments, is brilliant as a social worker of the kind Erroll Babbage, who has created his own style and laws when it comes to keeping track of his "Flock" that has recorded violent sex offenders. He keeps no trace in tracking these people, following them, and making sure they do not re-enter, and if they do, he will be the one who identifies and stops them as he can. Gere is so intense and looks drained out of this job and he has become violent and angry at seeing these monsters loose on the street. He's just wonderful. Claire Danes is also great as Babbage's new partner and his replacement, which he must train to perform his work. Danes character is much more typical social worker and is a little surprised at Babbage's style and methods, but slowly realizes what he is trying to achieve and go against. The two are brilliant and have a fantastic chemistry with so many different characters. KaDee Strickland plays a disturbed registered offender who appears to be torn from the headlines as she plays a character reminiscent of Karla Homolka (Paul Bernardo's wife who is now out) for those who follow Canadian serial killers. Her character goes a little over the top, but she is convincing and horrible all at once. Russell Sams has a small role as Strickland's new girlfriend, and he would have been better enough to have a bigger role. Ray Wise, an amazing character actor (check him out in Dead End as well as the amazing turn that Satan himself shows in Reaper), and he gets a small but good role as head of the Public Safety Department and Babbage's boss. <br /> <br /> Despite the fantastic performance of its lead cast, the film is not perfect. It takes liberties by really trying to make the movie more entertaining than educational, but it's just another angle that doesn't separate Nicholas Cage dud 8MM. The flock takes you in the underpants of sex trading, kidnapping, human trafficking and more and is just really something to see. Maybe it was not corrected or written, as good as it could have been, but I tell you that the Danes and Gere together make this movie quite visible and a really good thriller. It is disturbing but also something that is not very complex and yet Geres's character is in many ways intensely complex with many layers and also opens up social stigma and makes you think about vigilantism in many ways when you see people doing join in. I urge you all to ignore bad reviews and see for yourself because it's worth checking out !! 8.5 / 10
