It does not seem that this movie managed to please many people. First of all, many do not seem to have seen it in the first place (I just hit it in accident by accident), and judging by the reviews and the judgment of those who did many, did not enjoy it much. <br /> <br /> I did. I usually tolerate Gere for his appearance and charm, and even though I didn't consider him a great actor, I know he can do crazy really (I liked his Mr Jones). But this performance is completely different. He is not beautiful in this one and he is not charming. His character is quite different from anything I had seen from him until then --- old, ugly, broken, determined. And Gere, in what I have so far is his best performance ever, pulls it beautifully. I think it's a sign of how well an actor does his job if you can't imagine others doing it instead - think of Hopkins as Hannibal Lecter or Washington as Alonzo during the training day. It was so good Gere was here. The rest of the throw was fine too by me. I suppose I wouldn't have thrown Danes into this role, mostly because I think she's too good at it. But she actually does an excellent job, keeps herself with a Gere in top form, which is not a small feat. Strickland easily delivers the best support, in a part that requires a large selection from her. In fact, I think she owns the key scene at Gere and Danes, and it's quite an achievement. <br /> <br /> So what about the rest of the movie, except for some good actors? The story may not be quite surprising, some 8mm-ish aspects to it, but adding the "veteran breaks in rookie" story to who-dunnit and also (like the lamb's silence), giving a sense of urgency to trying to save the girl and the impending retirement of Geres character. All that is background for the development of the two main characters, as they help each other to familiarize themselves with their respective new stations in life. It's a lot to do in 100 minutes, but it's done well, and we end up caring for the characters and what's happening to them. <br /> <br /> Direction and photography were adequate. I could have done without the modern music video camera movements and cut, but then I'm an old curmudgeon, and it really wasn't that bad, in fact I think it helped with the atmosphere of the movie, which you might have guessed, is pretty much not a happy one. Worth seeing.
