I was looking for this movie because I am a new Frain fan and wanted to see more of his work. First of all, his Irish accent is great. He has a nice ear for dialects it looks like. His plays were wonderful as usual. James Frain aside I thought the movie was very well done. It showed the conflict in Northern Ireland as * the fair * it really is. Both sides are guilty of serious injustice, and the men who have entered the conflict usually have little to say about their circumstances. It is also interesting to realize that not every man (or woman) supposed to fight for his country really does * just * it. For example, when Kenny (James Frain) asks Ginger (Ian Hart) why he does "it", Ginger cannot make a morally acceptable answer. Why? Because ginger is not in it for the noble cause of protecting his country or the rights of his other Protestants ... ginger is in it for fun to kill. He is full of blood loss and it is the perfect work for a guy like him. In a fight like this, there are guys like Liam (John Lynch) who just want to live their daily lives and enjoy their families ... boys who see all the fighting just enjoy more battle. There are guys like Kenny who are born leaders full of charisma, and they add fuel to the flames, rather they mean or not. Kenny also really believes in the "cause". He thinks what he is doing will make a difference in the future ... which is a bit odd because his character seems too intelligent for everything. But like many other seemingly intelligent men, he is sucked into a gang of lifestyle, not even realizing it ... 'until it's too late. Then there is Ginger, a pure psycho who is not in the fighting for any other reason, but for the sheer excitement of what, in a gangland war, makes him a valued asset, some might argue. But now Ginger in this movie has been his value and has become a very dangerous loose cannon. Everything comes to a boiling point, and predictably, the ending is a tragic one. What makes this movie worthy is that it shows both sides of this age-old conflict. Being American, I can't begin to fully understand what the whole fight is all about. But I know there must be a better way. All in all, a well-acted, touching ... but disturbing movie.
