"What is love? What is this longing in our hearts for unity? Isn't this the sweetest flower? Does this flower of love not have the fragrant scent of fine fine diamonds? Isn't the wind loving the dirt? Isn't love not unlike Isn't it unlikely it's unlikely? Are you with someone tonight? Don't ask your love. Take your boyfriend by the hand. Let go of the power of yourself. You've heard me, liberate power. Empty the wild cosmos with a whisper. An intimate agility. It's right, don't be shy. Whip out everything you have and do it in the butt. By Leon Phelps "When Tim Meadows created his sharp SNL playboy, I ran Leon Phelps. Hearing his smarmy lisp and salacious comments made my distant quake with disgrace. I have used the click function more than once, dear readers. <br /> <br /> So when the movie version of "The Ladies Man" came on cable, I mumbled a few comments from my own and clicked once more. But the day comes, gray and abandoned, when "nothing is on" any of the 100+ channels ... sigh. Yes ?? I was confronted with all cable subscribers plague? watch it or turn off my TV! There he was, Leon Phelps, smirking and ... making me laugh! What had happened? Had I yielded to Hollywood's 'dumb-down' sit-com humor? Was I so desperate to avoid abdicating my holy throne? The truth of the matter is I as "The Ladies Man" more than I should. A story about a vulgar playboy, sipping cognac, while learning in every female form goes against my feminist senses. What began as a raw SNL shit flourished before my eyes to a tale of Leon and his playboy philosophy that went through life "helping people" solve their sexual conflicts. "I'm Mother Teresa of Boning," he solemnly informs Julie (Karyn Parsons), his friend and long-suffering producer of his radio program "The Ladies Man". And he doesn't laugh. Leaving a string of broken hearts and angry spirits, Leon manages to sleep and breakfast almost all of Chicago. That he does it with such a genuine good will is his calling card through life. Our self-proclaimed "expert in the ways of love" manages to get into a lot of problems with husbands and lovers. Such a vicious spouse, Lance (Will Ferrell), forms a "Victim of Smiling Ass, the United States" club, who vows to capture our beloved Don Juan. "Oh, we'll get our revenge", he croons to his cohorts, in a show-stop dance number. <br /> <br /> Plus, it is such a total joy to see Billy Dee Williams as Lester, the innkeeper's owner and smoothly telling Leon's odyssey to find his "sweet stuff" and a pile of cash. (Where did he hide?) But would I choose this movie as my Valentine's Day choice? Leon's quest for the easy life changes him in so many deep ways - that I had to nod to our "Ladies Man". That he can find true happiness with a woman in the vicinity of the film while still offering his outlandish advice is the thing of the dream!
