Sometimes they get lucky and have a blow on their hands (Wayne's World, the first, not the other). But most often they have duds (that's Pat going to think pretty quickly). This time it is Tim Meadows like The Ladies Man. This movie falls somewhere between a hit and a dud. It was very fun for the first 20 minutes, but as usually happens with SNL sketches, it begins to slow down before it finally ends, long after it has to. <br /> <br /> Tim Meadows is Leon Phelps, a radio DJ with a nightly show called The Ladies Man. He answers all questions about sex and relationships, usually in the most scary way. Everything seems to come down to the row. After pressing the station manager's buttons, Leon, together with his producer Julie (Karyn Parsons), is fired and has to find another job. Out of the random blue comes a letter from one of his former ladies. The letter gives him wealth and luxury for the rest of his life, and the only problem is that the letter is not signed. So Leon will track all the women he has been involved in finding the woman of dreams. But sometimes, as Billy Dee Williams says in the movie, the woman of your dreams is right in front of you. There is also a subpoint of a bunch of guys who are wives / boyfriends, have all slept with Leon, and they will first find out who he is (by a tattoo he has some of his anatomy), then kill him. Leading this bunch of guys is surprise! Will Ferrell from SNL. First, I thought the partial plot was quite lame. The song and dance material was just totally worthless. I usually like Will Ferrell, but here he just never clicks on me. And the rest of the boys were just schlubs who felt together, and eventually everyone decided to have their wives / boyfriends cheat on them, actually their fault. Then back to the main story. History centers centrally around Leon and sex. So what it comes to is, if you don't like Leon's character, you don't like the movie. His voice, his mannerisms, his dialogue is what bears the film. I'm not a big fan of Tim Meadows. I never thought he was a very good actor at SNL. The only thing I ever liked about him was his Ladies Man sketches. But the best thing about them is that they usually involved the guest of the guest (remember it with Cameron Diaz?), And they were short. In approx. 5 minutes they were pretty funny. And here for approx. 20 minutes is really fun. What I thought was good about the character of the movie is that he was in character all the time. He never disgusted from his desire to just put persona. Right at the end, where there was this transformation, and the ever-present speech to tie things up. Apart from that, it was pretty good to keep Leon as Leon and not change him to anything less raw than he was. There is not much material for this movie if you could not guess. But as I said earlier, the movie began to be a lot of fun. Some real laughs are loud moments, all of which are about sex and his cruelty. The problem with the course with this movie and most other SNL spin offs is that these are characters that only need to be displayed for a few minutes at a time. Stretching the concept for 80 minutes is very difficult. This difficulty is, of course, why they needed the sub-plot, because without that, this movie would have been a little under an hour. As it was good, it was good, but as it was not good, it had to be boring. <br /> <br /> In general, The Ladies Man was not as bad as any other SNL movie, but it wasn't. It had some fun moments, the first 20 minutes were pretty good, but the rest of it dragged on. There was an unnecessary subplot, the sole purpose of which was to prolong the film. The bottom line is, if you like Tim Meadows and his character Leon Phelp, you can see the movie. If he irritates you, don't even bother to walk. Unless you just want to see Tiffani Theissen in some pretty revealing clothes. <br /> <br />
