As low as it sounds, I have actually delayed my viewing of "The Barbarians" several times just because the VHS coverage (as well as the image shown here on the website) looks so gay! Now, I wish I had seen it earlier, because the film is not so much gay? Just sweet, cheesy, campy and very fun! It is almost unbelievable that Ruggero Deodato, director of the "Cannibal Holocaust" of all people, was the man responsible for this comical deposit on the contemporary popular Sword & Sandal fantasy flicks, especially Schwarzenegger's Conan movie. The film opens with a fantastic "once-upon-a-time" type of off-screen narrator who introduces us to Ragneks. Their founder had once traded a whole mountain of pure gold for only a magically powerful ruby ​​that would allow them to travel freely and gain access to each country as entertainers. In other words, Ragneks is a bunch of travel circus freaks! Their happiness suddenly comes to an end when the greedy Kadar kidnaps Ragnek's beautiful queen canary and tries to find the ruby. Meanwhile, and as a kind of fun waste of time, the two orphan twin brothers Gore and Kutchek are trained to become muscular warriors, and they are unwillingly ready to fight each other to death. Instead it escapes and develops a plan to release their queen. In fact, the plot is not half as bad as I originally feared, but still fun is provided by beefcakebrothers' on-screen chemistry, the eerie creepy dialogues, and of course the totally osteic fantasy patterns, like a dragon with adorably sweet eyes, a kind of wolf-creature and zombies that randomly seems to jump out of the swamp. Soundtrack and make-up effects are good, and our all-powerful director Deodato maintains a fantastic fast pace. The barbarian brother's recording capacity is much better than I had expected, except that one of them constantly produces coarse undulating sounds. The supportive cast is also amazing. Eva La Rue never looked beautiful like the witty, wild girl Cara, Virginia Bryant on several occasions is confusing as Richard Lynch, and the lovely Sheeba Alahani makes her first and only appearance on film as a wicked wizard with a donut-shaped hair style (I Don't ask!). Last but not least, "The Barbarians" stars everyone's favorite Eyes in the Hills creeps Michael Berryman as the appropriately named Dirtmaster. I know the pictured looks gay out as an advertising campaign for the musical version of the Village People's ascent and decline, but "The Barbarians" is really a must-see Italian exploitation highlight.
