LE GRAND VOYAGE is a gentle miracle of a movie, a work deeper due to its undervalued script by author / director Ismaël Ferroukhi, allowing nature in this 'road trip' story and the sophisticated play of the stars Nicolas Cazalé and Mohamed Majd at Carry the emotional impact of the movie. Ferroukhi's vision is greatly enhanced by Katell Djian's film (a delicate mix of travel charts of horizons and densely photographed duets between characters) and the musical score of Fowzi Guerdjou, which manages to preserve some beautiful themes throughout the film, celebrating many local musical variations the many countries film surveys. <br /> <br /> Reda (Nicolas Cazalé) lives with his Muslim family in the South of France, a young student with a Western boyfriend who does not seem to follow the religious direction of his heritage. His elderly father (Mohamed Majd) has decided that his time has come to make his Hajj to Mecca and that he cannot drive, asks the reluctant Ready to leave his personal need to drive him to his ultimate religious commitment. The two are in a fragile car to travel through France, to Italy, and further through Bulgaria, Croatia, Slovenia and Turkey to Saudi Arabia. Along the journey, Reda urges her father to visit some of the interesting sights, but his father remains focused on the purpose of the journey, and Reda is irritable to struggle with his father's demands. On their pilgrimage, they meet an old woman (Ghina Ognianova), who is associated with the two men, and must eventually be abandoned by Reda, a Turkish man Mustapha (Jacky Nercessian), who promises to lead the father / son duo, but instead brings a skis by getting Reda full in a bar and disappearing, and countless border patrol guards and custom agents delaying their progress for various reasons. Tension between father and son mount: Reda cannot understand the significance of this pilgrimage so full of trials and mishaps, and the father cannot understand Reda's insensitivity to the father's religious beliefs and needs. Eventually they come to Mecca, where they are surrounded by hoard pilgrims from all over the world, and the sensation of the tour is overwhelming for Reda. The way the story comes to an end is touching and rich in meaning. It has taken a religious pilgrimage to restore the gap between youth and old age, between son and father, and between reluctance and acceptance of religious values. <br /> <br /> The visual impact of this movie is extraordinary - the more because it feels like the camera just "happens" to capture the beauty of the many stops along the way without improving them with special effects. Nicolas Cazalé is a great actor (be sure to watch his latest and current films 'The Grocer's Son') and it is his meticulously nuanced role that brings the magic to this movie. Another fine movie from The Film Movement, this is a story of the story that is brilliantly told. Highly recommended. <br /> <br /> Grady Harp
