You think you are in for some serious sightseeing when the film's performance is primarily between two characters while traveling 3000 miles or so from France to Saudi Arabia, which goes through most of Europe - Italy, Bulgaria, Croatia, Slovenia, Turkey before arriving in the Middle East. But it is not a trip, and there are no stopovers for bleeding in the sights. <br /> <br /> Reda's father is in his twilight year and wants to do Haj. But when you go and take the mule out of the question, he chooses to travel to Mecca by car. He can't drive and therefore uses Reda's help for his son's protest to get him there in their crashed vehicle. <br /> <br /> But Reda doesn't see the point of getting him together when his father was able to choose the plane. He condemns the idea of ​​having put his personal life on hold for this pilgrimage he could not understand. And so we set off on this difficult journey with father and son, as we are not the best friends. <br /> <br /> The beauty of this movie is to witness the evolution of the father and the couple, the challenges they face, the strange people they meet must be reclaimed in varying weather conditions and alternating rest between motels and sleep in the car. We see a clear generation gap in those who try to communicate with each other, the father tries to impose his son, and the son tries to assert himself as an adult, but circumstances we see show that Reda is a fish out of water. Throughout the many meetings, they actually go together quite well despite their differences. It might be enough to get this movie released last week to coincide with Hari Raya Haji and have the opportunity to see our protagonists along with the other pilgrims in their shark. The final scene in Mecca is really a sight to see and you will also feel claustrophobia and fear as Reda tries to chase her father among the thousands of people who gather. Europe's sights might have been deliberately not inhabited to build the expectation and focus on the final destination. It surely lay home the idea of ​​telling and showing loved ones how much you appreciate them for who they are. Don't miss this and yes, book early - I was pleasantly surprised that the evening session was still a full house.
