If you want to be cynical and pedantic, point out that the opening where a RAF Lancaster bomb is mortally wounded on May 2, 1945, is somewhat unlikely, as German air defense was just as lively as Adolph Hitler that day, but it is Not a movie that should be seen by a cynical audience, and I suppose a character is killed in literally the last few hours of the war adding poignancy. In fact, you should have survived the Second World War to fully appreciate the intellect, beauty, and soul of Powell and Pressburger's masterpiece. Heaven's scenes are painfully two when seen today? Again, you should see the film's context when it was made. The RAF bombers lost 58,000 men during the war, the same number that America lost in 'Nam, but for a shorter period and a far, much smaller pool of active champions, there are no atheists in a fox hole and I doubt whether you had lost A relative during the conflict you would see material atheism as a sensible thing. When Richar Attenborough's young pilot looks down in awe at his sight, many war heroes must have been crying openly on this scene as they remembered many missing comrades who did not survive the war. Also, in mind that despite losing millions of people from 1939-45, there seem to be very few people from Germany passing through the pearl gates. it is obvious Nazis do not go to heaven <br /> <br /> The plot itself where dashing young pilot Peter Carter argues for his life in front of a heavenly court would not have had much appeal to me if it was not for the subtitle you see A question or life and death is an extremely political and visionary film that paralyzes the end of the British Empire as it is replaced by American ambitions. There are little things that show that the film is made by people who are aware of American history and culture. One is the ethnic mix of America, even today many British believe that the United States predominantly consists of white Anglo-Saxon Protestants, as only 51% of Americans are "white Europeans". The film rightly contains a scene in which a variety of races acknowledge "I am an American" as Peter is judged by Abraham Farlan, an Anglophobe who was the first revolutionary killed by British forces in the American War of Independence. As for the "special relationship" between Britain and America - What special relationship? Powell and Pressburger know their story when it comes to Britain and America. Of course they know their future too <br /> <br /> Remember to watch this movie with some of your mind in the past and some of your mind in the present. It is strange, beautiful, beautiful and wise, but it is mostly a movie that would never work if it was made in the last 40 years. Can you imagine whether the story was set in 2003 and was about a British soldier killed in Iraq?
