After "A Dirty Shame" I never thought I should see another John Waters movie. That movie was really so bad that I was convinced that all his movies would be like that. But when the DVD of this movie was reviewed in a popular magazine and they said this was an excellent movie, I decided to try it anyway. Only a few days later it was shown on TV. I lost it out of curiosity and now that I've seen it, I can tell you that this "Pecker" is certainly much better than "A Dirty Shame". In this movie we see how a young 'no' from Baltimore becomes an overnight experience in New York's art world. He is a sandwich shop employee who photographs his weird family or things that he sees on the street as a hobby. When he holds his very first 'show' in the shop where he works, his pictures are noticed by a gallery owner who loves the pictures full of misery and peculiarity. His photographs are sold at huge prices, but when he sees how his family, friends, and strangers react to his success, he decides he will no longer go to New York, they will have to come to him if they want to see more of him. And they do, but what they get to see there is a bigger shock than they could ever imagine. It's not hard to see why I loved this movie much more than "A Dirty Shame". The first reason is that this movie has an actual story. This movie really has something to say and is not only intended to shock as many people as possible. The fact that they do fun in the art world, who consider everything as ordinary as art, because they do not know what reality is, is not just fun, nor is it so far from the truth. I think there are many people who feel about modern art that way. No one understands why they do such a fuss about it, but we seem to like it. The other reason I liked this movie is because this one had much better actors to offer. I'm not saying that everything you want to see is great, but at least the characters have some significance thanks to the various actors' performances like Edward Furlong, Christina Ricci, ... All in all It's not a good movie, But thanks to its criticism and some good jokes - which never really go too far - it's an enjoyable movie. It's certainly not the best comedy ever, but I liked it a lot more than "A Dirty Shame". I give this movie a 6.5 / 10.
