Michael Powell's and Emeric Pressberger's great talents are noticeable in their wonderful "Questions of Life and Death". It was part of the recent tribute to Mr. Powell, who played at Walter Reade in New York. This film particularly shows us one of the best British films from that or any other era. "A Life and Death Question" has a brilliant filmography by Jack Cardiff, a man who knew how to do wonders with a camera. Particularly impressive is the contrast of the monochromatic tones given to the scenes played in the sky and they colored when the action comes back to earth. This was quite a bargain and well ahead of its times. The black and white sequence that involves the long staircase where Peter and the conductor are chatting must be one of the most amazing things on any movie. Many have been said in this forum about the movie, so our comment will be about the great actor Powell and Pressberger coming out of the great noble cast that responded nicely to the directors' guidance. <br /> <br /> David Niven is Peter whose plane is hit and his best friend dies as a result. This film marked one of the highlights of Mr Niv's career. He was an excellent movie actor, which he shows us in this movie. Kim Hunter is surprisingly good as June, the woman who spoke to Peter when his plane fell from the sky. As fate would get it, Peter and June fall in love at first sight. <br /> <br /> Some of the best British film actors enjoy this movie with their presence. Robert Coote, Bob, the man who is admitted to heaven, but he is surprised by his friend, Peter never made the trip with him. An excellent star by Marius Goring, who, as conductor 71, steals the film. Mr. Goring, who had worked with the directors, is one of the best things in the movie. Also, Roger Livesey, as Dr. Frank Reeves makes one of the best appearances of his career, as well as Raymond Massey, who is seen as Abraham Farlan. <br /> <br /> "A life and death question" is a timeless movie that will always be seen with gratitude to its creators.
