Before this little black and white, the touching subject with criminal rape was never done on the American screen. There were many of these issues that Hollywood and the production code were stored until the rebellious 1960s. So, it is not surprising that it would take a small independent company like Ida Lupino's filmmakers to raise the issue. The result is well-meaning, but somewhat compromised, which is not surprising since Director Lupino had to work with Code's requirement to have the film released. Interestingly, Ann Walton's (Mala Powers) main problem is after the attack It's not how others can see her, but how she sees herself. And it's a heavy load she carries. Will she ever be able to relate to men again? Will they look at her as "spoiled goods" (that's after all, 1950)? Little wondering she runs away instead of meeting these worries at home and at work, even though family and friends are generally supportive. Overall, this first part is serious and well-designed. Chase is hyped to inject some actions into the plot, but then it is a movie - note how the curious neighbor fails to respond to the honking horn near the end of the chase. If they had been screaming out of power instead, the neighbor's lack of response would have raised an interesting but complicated problem. <br /> <br /> The other half is largely given to the production code of the sentimentalized person of Rev Ferguson (Tod Andrews). It is he (citing a sentence) that "gives his courage to meet life again". There is an effort to humanize him - is it Ann or her dilemma that he is most interested in. Still, his gentle and understandable presence comes as a little too miraculous and a little for Hollywood. Fortunately, the ending avoids the usual Hollywood cop-out by only emphasizing the hope of a happy resolution for Ann rather than his security. <br /> <br /> Give Lupino a ton of credit to deal with the subject in the first place. Considering the overall results, I expect that she treated it honestly with the subject she was allowed to do. I also expect today's audience to find the treatment mildly interesting especially because of the excellent performance of power that brings out the purely human drama. However, the film works best now as a document of its time, and what the cultural watchdogs of that day thought was appropriate for adult show.
