I love this movie. Director Michael Powell once said this was his favorite movie, and that's mine too. Powell and Pressburger created a seemingly simple, beautifully crafted story - the power of love against "the powers that are." But its deception lies in the complexity of its "is it real or is the imaginary" premise. Basically, one can argue that it is simply a depiction of the effects of war on a young, poetically inclined airman during World War II. Or is it? The question is never answered in one way or another. In fact, it's never even asked. This continuous understatement is part of the film's appeal. <br /> <br /> The innovative photography and filmography even includes some beautiful details that depict the interests of the filmmakers. For example, Pressburger always wanted to make a movie version of Richard Strauss' opera, Der Rosenkavalier, about a young aristocrat from the 18th century. This is evident in the short space of time, where Conductor 71, dressed in all his finery, holds the rose (which appears as silver in the sky). The music even has a dreamy quality. All the play is first-class - David Niven is at his most charming and he has excellent support from veteran Roger Livesey and relative newcomer Kim Hunter. But in my opinion, the film's charm comes from Marius Goring as conductor 71. He has by far the most interesting role, filling his scenes with his innocent light heart and illuminating the film. It is a shame that some of Conductor 71's scenes were left on the rocky floor. It is also a shame that Goring's comic talents are rarely seen again on film, except in the wonderful videos of The Scarlet Pimpernel TV series from the 1950s. This is by no means the most memorable role in his film career. He is a perfect foil for the relaxed style of Niven, and his virtual overstatement contrasts so nicely with the seriousness of the other characters. Ironically, even in the mid-1940s, Niven also stared at another celestial "messenger" played by Cary Grant in the bishop's wife. Their acting styles were so similar that I found the result boring, unenergetic and disappointing. As a note, according to Powell, Goring desperately wanted Peter Carter's role, initially denying Conductor 71. It's a good thing he gave in and gave us a nice portrayal. <br /> <br /> The film, "ordered" to smooth the strained relations between the United Kingdom and the United States, exaggerates its point towards the end. But it disarms in its gentle reminders of the horrors of war - the many accidents, both military and civil, the need to "move on" when they face death. There is a conspicuous lack of World War II "enemies" in the sky, but the civilians shown are of indeterminate origin. Powell and Pressburger could have been more explicit in their portrayal, but it was not necessary. The film may not have earned its diplomatic purpose, as it was hoped, but its originality continues to inspire filmmakers and viewers on both sides of the Atlantic.
