Some unsuspecting films carry a message that resonates for hours and days after viewing. This is the case for CAROL'S JOURNEY (EL VIAJE DE CAROL), a beautifully crafted 2002 film from Spain based on the novel 'A boca de noche' by Ángel García Roldán, who also adapted the book as a play. War and its consequences are not a new subject for film, but when the theme of the war plays in the background as a subtle impetus for developing characters (especially children) to meet adult life influenced by adult games, the result is a different Carol and Clara Lago is a 12-year-old Spanish-American youth from New York who returns with his critically ill mother Aurora (María Barranco). to her Aurora's home in 1938 at the height of the Spanish Civil War, a home abandoned by his father Don Amalio (Álvaro de Luna) since his wife's death. Carol's father Robert (Ben Temple) is a fighter pilot who has been sitting with the Republicans against Franco and is rarely with his family. Aurora has a past: She left her lover Alfonso (Alberto Jiménez) to marry Robert, and Alfonso was again married to Aurora's cold sister Dolores (Lucina Gil). Carol is an independent girl who remains reserved for all but her grandfather Don Amalio until she meets others of her age but not in her 'class': Tomiche (Juan José Ballesta) and his two friends initially break Carol, but As events evolve Carol and Tomiche are bound by what feels like the first awakening of love. When Aurora dies of her illness, Carol must stay with Alfonso and Dolores and their daughter Blanca (Luna McGill), but turn to her grandfather for support and to her mother's best friend and teach Maruja (the always brilliant Rosa Maria Sardà) for Understanding inequalities between classes and the meaningless war that keeps her beloved father from her side. Through a series of events, Carol and Tomiche teach the kingdom to become adults and face more trauma in a short period of war than most of us experience in life. The end, but sad, is uplifting when Carol's journey to maturity is complete. <br /> <br /> The film is shot in Galicia and Portugal and contains some exceptionally beautiful settings taken with gentle sensitive lighting by cinematographer Gonzalo F. Berridi and enhanced by the musical score of Bingen Mendizábal. Director Imanol Uribe understands the fine line that separates the pathos from the bathos, and by choosing to concentrate the story of the children involved, he makes an even stronger statement about the war process and the cruelty. Cast is unique: the stars are clearly young Clara Lago and Juan José Ballesta, but they are supported by the fine veteran actors in the adult roles. This is a visually stunning work with a lasting message and should find a much larger audience than it has until that date. Grady Harp
