The opening flourishes left me happy with their ingenuity - the modified version of Archers' logo, the initial disclaimer, the way the camera pans over the cosmos. It is strange to think that 'It is a wonderful life' came out in the same year. No Big Case: The 1940s were flooded with sky-and-earth movies; But the glowing cotton wool nebulas and cutesy angels in the competition look tattered, something best passed in silence when placed next to Alfred Junge's vision. <br /> <br /> It continues to look good all the way, as more and more striking ideas have skipped us. I'm not a big fan of mixing color with black and white in general. One of the two visual arrangements almost always looks ugly when placed next to the other. Not so here. Powell dissolves color into monochrome and monochrome in color as if it were the most natural thing in the world, a pure change of palettes. Both the color photography and the black and white could stand on their own. <br /> <br /> With regard to history ... this may be Pressburger's best script, or at least it would have made the conclusion a more logical outcome of past events. Apart from that, it's tight, but more so than I might possibly refer to here. Were the heavenly things right or imaginary? (Or both? Maybe Carter has dreamed a fantasy as it was). Everyone says we must not ask or answer this question, but I cannot see why. I'm sure we have to ask the question. The film even gives us some clues about what the answer is - in fact, the problem is that there are too many tracks, and they initially seem to point in different directions. The fact that other things should occupy our attention also does not mean that this should not occupy us either. There has been much going on, as I have said before. <br /> <br /> Consider the scene where Abraham Farlan (Heavenly Prosecution Attorney) plays a radio broadcast of a cricket match and contemptuously says, "The England Voice, 1945." Dr. Reeves (defense) recognizes the exhibition with great embarrassment and then produces one of his own: a blues song from America, which the Farlan listens to as if he has a lemon in his mouth. Reeves sees smell. <br /> <br /> Snobbery? Well, I can't see why it is sneaky to condemn blues music - and that's not what Powell and Pressburger do, anyway, as the song is played, we get a shot of the American soldiers listening to it: several of them nod their heads to the rhythm, At home they do not find it incomprehensible, there is something valuable about the song, and neither Reeves nor the Farlan knows what it is, Reeves realizes so much, all English audiences (and all Australian, Indian, etc. audience too) know without being told that there is also some value in cricket and that while Reeves understands, he cannot explain it to the Farlan - thus the blues broadcast, which shows that people can understand each other without understanding an understanding of everything else. It's a smart scene. <br /> <br /> One last thing. I found David Niven a little cold without the charisma he wanted to acquire later in his career; yet I do not think that a movie has grabbed my heart so quickly after the action started, as it did.
