Seen in 2017 (although one might easily fail it for 1987, judged by hairstyles and clothing), the running man's all-round good guy Ben Richards (Schwarzeneggar) sees for a crime he didn't commit. After a bold prison break, he is captured and participated as a participant in the brutal television show The Running Man along with some other refugees and the beautiful token woman Amber (Maria Conchita Alonso). <br /> <br /> Used by the totalitarian government as a way of controlling the masses, the showpits show against a number of colorful (and often quite camp) opponents who each have their own unique kill style: Dynamo burns electricity from a special suit, Buzzsaw uses chainsaws, Sub Zero has a razor-edged ice hockey rod, and Fireball prefers a flamethrower to finish competitors. But these killers are no match for Ben Richards, who send each one in a suitably cruel manner (followed by the mandatory whitishism). At the end of the film, Ben participates in a group of freedom fighters in a fight against the authorities and gets accurate revenge on the show's unpleasant host Killian. Twenty years ago, Arnold Schwarzeneggar steered the action film universe and into his legion of fans he could do no wrong The Austrian beefcake had a successful formula that almost guaranteed box office success for its films: comic violence plus logical free plot plus beautiful female sidekick plus witty one -Liners, minus the acting ability corresponded to massive profits. The running man faithfully followed this carpet recipe for a T and Arnie's (mostly male teen) audience patched it up (included himself). Now, two decades later, and having just finished watching the movie for the first time this year, I find it a weird movie: a completely devoid of technical merit, decent acting and convincing effects, yet totally entertaining. Directed by Paul Michael Glaser (best known as The Dave Starsky from the cult 70s cop show, Starsky and Hutch) and adapted from a short story by Stephen King (written under the nom de plume, Richard Bachman), The Running Man is the cheesy 80s tat, which looks both incredibly cheap and very dated, but despite (or perhaps because of) the film's sharpness, it has a special charm that is hard to describe. <br /> <br /> With no attempt to create a realistic closeness -future setting, the movie provides lots of unintentional giggles. Check out the scene where Ben discovers Amber's secret cache of forbidden cassette tapes (!); marvel at the "futuristic" graphics used on the ad image and The Running Man board games (as a graphic designer, I found these particularly entertaining); Be amazed at the apparent lack of compelling technological advances. Running Man can be completely rubbish, but it is very entertaining rubbish that I do not hesitate to recommend to fans of Arnie and sci-fi action in general.
