Don't Mystic Pizza Win Oscar for That Year? This movie has never had a chance because of the casting, but maybe now people can see why I felt that way when I left the theater. Only "Wargames" left me feeling as disturbed after leaving the theater, feeling like I got a glimpse of our future. History has shown that this is exactly what happened. <br /> <br /> Casting is a 1980s pop culture Cuisinart: you get Arnold as Ben Richards, the framed refugee offered a chance to "run" for his freedom at the game title with the movie; Richard Dawson as Damon Killian, who treats his role as if he were hosting Family Feud with participants using real weapons; Jesse Ventura as "Captain Freedom" and co-wrestler Professor Tanaka as "Subzero", both "stalkers" who kill the "run men". Even Mick Fleetwood (Mic) and Dweezil Zappa (Stevie) show up while "dancers of the future" are not other than Laker Girls. This movie SCREAMS "80s." The reason is a good excuse for the action: Ben Richards is determined to prove his innocence, but advocates being the running man when told that his friends would be released; Instead, they go with him as "participants". Maria Conchita Alonzo as Amber Mendez is the standard by which you can correctly judge Salma Hayek in the 1990s. <br /> <br /> The production value of the film was a bit poor, the lines were cheesy and (at that time), the plot seemed a little removed. I remember thinking when I left the theater that we were definitely heading towards the movie, but who could have seen how far we would go there and how fast? If the running man was listed in the TV guide, most would assume that it was just another reality show that pushes the envelope today. The government's influence on the media has only worsened, and the dumbed-down American public in the future, entrusting all its freedoms to "national security", is actually chilling. Ben Richards is superbly played by Arnold as one of the few detained holdouts against a government commander, the rest of America is too willing to accept in return for good television and some dismissive gifts to the public. <br /> <br /> The movie was far above the peak, perhaps straight out of the cliff for its time, but as "Back to the Future III" seemed "ravine" to sink in 1987, was replaced by finished tracks in 2006 and then and this film will sail into the future as one of the more prophetic films of our time. It is tragic that the Academy, as with Wargames, did not give this amazing spectacle the recognition it deserved. "Serious" actors acting seriously while being so pretentious that you want to throw can win more Oscars, but it doesn't make them any better than their "fellow man" colleagues like this. <br /> <br /> An absolute necessity.
