Arnold once again in the 80s showed that he was the action king and a line in this futuristic film about a violent game show that no contestants survive. But as the tagline says, Arnold hasn't played yet! The film begins in the year 2019, where the world economy has collapsed with food and other important materials in short supply, and a totalitarian state has arisen that controls all aspects of life through television and a police state. The most popular game show is The Running Man, where criminals are forced to survive "Stalkers" who live to kill them. <br /> <br /> The movie opens with Ben Richards (Arnold) leading a helicopter mission to observe a food rebellion in progress. He was ordered by his superiors to fire on them, refusing to have him knocked out and thrown into jail, meanwhile they slaughtered the people without his help. The government claims Richards for the massacre to serve him the name "Butcher of Bakersfield". Eighteen months later, Richards worked with two friends William Laughlin (Koto) and Harold Weiss (McIntyre) outbreaks of a detention zone. They go to the underground, led by Mic (Mick Fleetwood). Mic quickly identifies Richards as "Bakersfield's butcher" and refuses to help him, but his friend convinces him otherwise. They want him to participate in the resistance, but he would rather live with his brother and get a job. Soon, he finds that his brother has been taken away for retraining, and a woman's name Amber Mendez (Alonso) has taken his apartment. Knowing who he is, she won't help him, but he convinces her, but is busted at the airport by police when she knocked him out. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, the running man has trouble finding good new blood for stalkers to kill. Damon Killian (Dawson) shows host and one of the most powerful men in the country sees Richard's escape footage and is able to get him to the show after his capture. Richards refuses to play, Killian threatens to use his friends instead of him, so he signs the contract. You will love that part. But soon he finds that they come with him and make sure Killian knows he's coming back. The runners begin to make their way through zones and fight with characters that are memorable, Sub-Zero, Buzz Saw and many others. Eventually Richards is associated with Amber, who suspects he was created but was caught and thrown into the game as well. Together they find underground and make their way back to Killian and give him farewell dismissal. <br /> <br /> The running man is another of Arnold's amazing 80s movies. The movie was apparently based on Stephen King's book of the same name. Some have said that the book is better. I'm sure it's not and I don't care, yet I loved the movie. As in all Arnold's films, the play is what you would expect with classic one liners from Arnold, and even Ventura gets a couple in. But undoubtedly Richard Dawson is standby in this movie. Being a true game display host, he burst himself and could create a sign that was really cold-blooded. The whole movie itself likes gaming shows and big brother looks at you. Keep an eye out for those poking fun and some old shows, "hate boat" among others. Also the molding was great besides Arnold, Koto and Alonzo don't forget Professor Toru Tanaka, Jim Brown, Ventura and Sven-Ole! With all the real TV stuff going on, it fits better now, but I'm sure the Hollywood Liberals would make it a movie about "Evil Bush". The new DVD had mostly bad extras, so the stalks were the only redeemable. Some how the ACLU managed to get some of the communism into the DVD and is ridiculous garbage that shouldn't be anywhere near an Arnold movie of all things. Blasphemy! Overall for any Arnold fan especially we who grew up in the 80s on him, you can't miss this. Its one of the first ones I saw back in the 80s and it's still great for this day. The futuristic world and humor are great. Overall 10 out of 10 stars, definitely one of his best.
