The running man is often dismissed as another Arnie action thriller full of explosions, bad puns and gunfire, and to be fair, much of it is in it. People used to look at it and compare it to the Terminator series and said it was one of the poorer Schwarzenegger movies. <br /> <br /> But give it 18 years and you find yourself able to appreciate it in a different light. Instead of being another brainless action movie, it works very well as a parody of reality TV. It is quite different from the Stephen King book, true, but I doubt whether Hollywood, with its love for optimum endings and so-called "ordinary guys", who turned out to have the skills of a trained command, would have accepted it in its current form. <br /> <br /> Ben Richards (Arnold Schwarzenegger) is a policeman working in a dystopian US where democracy is a past and the whole country is governed by a government / media conglomerate merger. The economy is in tatters, food is scarce, and the state keeps people distracted by producing sadistic game shows so they can see like jumping for dollars where people jump for money over a pit of healthy dogs, and the most popular is The Running Man, a game show hosted by slimy Damian Killian (played by entertaining Richard Dawson), assuming "criminals" are being chased by theatrical, pro-wresting-esquire "stalkers". and speak to the government. When a group of hungry people protest in the city of Bakersfield, California, a helicopter is piloted by Richards for the "calm" (ie kill) protest. When Richards refuses to fire innocent people, he is arrested and framed by the people in the crowd. He is doomed to a slave job, but escapes with a resistance leader (Yaphet Kotto) and goes off. <br /> <br /> But his freedom does not last long and after he has kidnapped network employee Amber Mendez (Marita Conchita Alonso) in an attempt to escape those who pursue him, he finds himself imprisoned , but this time he is forced to appear at The Running Man. <br /> <br /> And of course, the whole movie starts in standard Arnie fashion. Richards launched in Los Angeles post-apocalyptic wasteland (why is LA always destroyed in these dystopian worlds?) And forced to run from the 'stalkers' along with two other prisoners who fled work camp with him. Amber is also curious about Richards' protest against innocence and discovers that he was framed. Guess what happens to her? So, like Amber, Richards, and the other two guys running around trying to avoid stalkers, we soon realize that Richards is not a regular policeman. He is Super Arnie, the inevitable one-man army that can collapse evil corporate dictatorships and fight over-obscure Christmas-covered men while just your average American guy with an Austrian accent. Yes, the rest of the movie gets stupid, loud, classic 80's Arnie fun. There are many exciting battle sequences, the trademark terrible adage ('He had to split' is my favorite) and the general formal final confrontation and happy ending. It is very fun to see Killian react to it in the typical 'healthy' game show been way too, and some of the funniest moments in the show are about the contrast between his interactions with the crowd as the seemingly benevolent host (beware of the cursed old lady!) and the cold, cynical man, he is, in fact, who will do everything to increase ratings. <br /> <br /> If you expect an intelligent movie with high brow, you will be disappointed. But if you want a big 80's flick then it is. But the big thing about this movie is that it was pretty prophetic. <br /> <br /> Looking at the entertainment we have today, you have noticed how reality TV is today - showing people who are willing to get through something in five-minute fame and the producers is too willing to let them humble themselves on television. It is not too far a step to imagine that some in vain TV exek out there have been trying to get the right to show people being executed live on television. However, we have already had it with the ghoulish al-Qaida hostage videos posted on the internet. It seems that in the present climate, at least some people are fine at seeing real death on their televisions. <br /> <br /> With that in mind and in combination with the fact that everything these days seems to be a revival of the 80s, you have to be impressed by the foresight of this people. Of course, we have not yet reached there, as it is terrorists, rather than the ordinary media who have bought us easily accessible programs with real human death, but just wonder how long it is before some exec decides to see if he can find a way to pitching a show that combines people's desire for entertainment and desire to pamper their morbid curiosity ...
