Of all Arnold's mid-80s movies that would have thought the most relevant today would be The Running Man. A chilling and surprisingly realistic tale of reality TV has become sour. It may have been far out, but not now. Not when you think about it. Reality TV shows are currently either scraping the bottom of the barrel or desperately raising the bar. If the next one is no more controversial as the last one, it's a dud. How long will it be before we really see shows like The Running Man? How long before we have 'appointed theatrical lawyers' or the Department of Education for the Justice Department? There is so much satire and intelligence in this movie that may have been missed back in 1987, which is desperate to see again in view of the current state of television shows. The biggest message for everyone is: "You're being lied to." It's no secret that government and media are working in cahoots, and the masses believe in what the media is telling them to believe in. It's a very scary situation and unless more precise truths come true, we can easily accept a brutal show as a running man in the near future, it is no secret that Reality TV is not very realistic, it has been edited and redesigned before it is sent, and that is just what the network will have Normally, it's far from the real truth, although it is different from Stephen King's book (the end is completely changed), the script corresponds to the typical Arnie formula, yes, he has many and very cool lines, and he says "I'm coming back" (as he never really said it anyway when you think about it) in the most ironic situation yet, but he's still a zillion times better in the role that Christopher Reeve or Dolph Lundgren would have e been (these two were considered before Arnie believes it or not). <br /> <br /> The director is none other than Dave Starsky himself (Paul Michael Glaser). It may not be artistic, but it is still strong enough to generate excitement, and its use of neon and flowering colors gives each set a pretty cool look. Andrew Davis (not a director I like) was attached before Glaser, no matter who's in charge, the movie is still marred by a very heavy 80's feeling. First of all, Harold Faltermeyer's score (remember he?) Is incredibly dated and deprives action scenes of any timeless integrity. And the film's sense of fashion is too excessive to convincingly be put in the future. Apart from the dated feeling, the only other thing that is towing me is the badly staged shoot-out that passes as a climax. This new DVD is a zillion times better than the original release. Gone are the horrible letterbox picture. Instead, there is a brand new hi-definition 1.85: 1 anamorphic transfer. The colors sparkle and literally pop from the screen. The new Dolby 5.1 EX and DTS ES audio tracks are also great. There is a constant use of the surround channels for great power and the base is strong and powerful. Definitely one of the best re-masters I've seen so far. Two exciting documentaries, a trailer and a 'Meet the Stalkers' gimmick are included in this 2-disc set, which comes in a pretty nice slip case.
