I'm still new to the Crimean genre, and the only one I've seen before seeing this was the former and somewhat disappointing 'The Dead Eyes of London', which didn't exactly inspire a great hope for the rest of the genre in me. If I first saw this one, the feeling would have been different, as while The College Girl Murders is a bizarre and rather skewed attempt at a crime. It's fun to watch and it's really hard to hate a movie that throws so many weird and wonderful ideas into the manuscript and manages to pull it out in style. The movie begins in a laboratory where a mad scientist has invented a new and very toxic poison that kills his victim and makes it look like they died from a heart attack. This poison is used by a mysterious criminal mastermind who breaks common criminals out of prison to perform his murder by means of this poison (and then they have been returned to prison). As the title suggests, it's a nearby college full of girls who deliver most of the victims. There is also a mysterious monk dressed in a red cloak that maraudes around breaking his neck with a bullwhip. <br /> <br /> Of course with a plot like that; This is not exactly a serious affair, and the director clearly knows that there is a very heavy-in-cheek vibe on the movie, which makes it good with the plot. That there are so many different sides to the plot, unfortunately, means that everything doesn't run smoothly; Although this is not a big problem, things are kept ticking over the entire movie and there is always enough to keep the audience interested. The atmosphere is great and the color scheme on the display is good to look at. Of course, the movie is based on an Edgar Wallace novel and obviously the man has a fantastic imagination; The sites used are also amazing, and while a killer's lair adorned with a wild and exotic animal may not be of any relevance to the plot, it helps give the film the extra 'something'. You can't expect a conclusion that makes full meaning of all the things going on in this movie; But the cause of the murders is sensible and is a satisfactory way for the film to climax. Overall, College Girl Murders is an excellent little mystery and one that comes highly recommended!
