Prestigious gas, a murderer giving a red robe and a cap with a white whip and the murders of schoolgirls girls in the hands of paid judges placed by a mysterious mastermind who holds her face hidden within an office containing turtles and fish aquariums. The inspectors at Scotland Yard, Higgins (IJoachim Fuchsberger) and his superior Sir John (Siegfried Schürenberg) certainly have their hands full of this matter. It all seems to be centered around students Ann Portland (Uschi Glas) who, when she turns 21, must inherit much wealth. The targeted girls share a room with Ann, but the cause of their murder remains a mystery. SY's finest must find out. The staff of the girls' dormitory seems to be hiding something, and some members of the faculty fall prey to the killer in the red monk apparel, talented enough to precisely distort the throat of those who are attacked by the whip. Two prisoners are required by a mysterious man to use the newly created toxic gas created by a scientist murdered at the beginning of the film during what was to be a money exchange for his creation. It is a smart scheme where a driver, Greaves (Günter Meisner) meets the prisoners (.. who are hiding in a barrel) who is assisted by a corrupt prison guard. Taken blindfolded to the mastermind's secret room, he orders them who to kill and how. Uncovering this operation is a top priority for Higgins and Sir John, for it will lead them to the truth they seek for the murders and why they happen. Under suspicion, the girls' dormitory, her author brother, a sweating, incredibly nervous chemistry teacher, snooping gardener and Bannister. Some are red herring until they are disposed of, throwing the viewer at a loop every time until the real mastermind is discovered. The end has several twists. <br /> <br /> Out of the Crimean movies I've seen, COLLEGE GIRL MURDERS is closest to a giallo with the colorful killer, a coincident plot that offers many surprises and potential suspects, and sordid shenanigans between adults and college girls in the dormitory. I think you can also see James Bond's influence on this particular Crimean movie with the villain mastermind's secret hiding place with an alligator pit (... not used), the fake Bible / water gun when it opens, burning the gas in the face of frightened victims, Greaves' Royles Royce, who has locks that cause flaps to darken the windows without revealing the passenger in the back seat, and the hole holes used to spy on the girls in their rooms and while swimming. Many may consider Sir John a responsibility because of his bumbling, buffoonish behavior, and how he often undermines Higgins' ability to come to the truth (maybe heck funny by know-it-all British inspectors who hurt a case more than solve it) .. I felt he was used as a comedy aid, especially with his attempts to psychoanalyze suspects and potential victims, often misunderstood what was told to him. Higgins uses the skills adopted during his years as an investigator, instead of the traces / facts and often avoids Sir John as much as possible. Powerful direction of the reliable Alfred Vohrer, which keeps the pace going at a good speed, and the manuscript is full of interesting characters and lurid content. The fact that so many of the adults around the dormitory are suspected can someone be the one controlling the whip or calling the shots behind those murdered girls executions. I want to say that this can be one of the best examples of the Crimean genre, because it keeps you guessing, always one more ace, it's the sleeve. The revelations that are permeated at the end are completely eye-opening (... and you even get a literal masking of the real mastermind pulling the strings on top of it all).
