This is probably the fastest and most action-packed of the German Edgar Wallace "crime" series, a cross between Dr. Mabuse films from yore and 60's pop players like Batman and Man from UNCLE. It relaunches the scandalous villain from a previous movie that obscures a stylish monk and breaks the victims with the curl of a deadly whip. Set on a nice girls' school filled with lecherous medieval professors, and with the police fighting their greetings to secretaries on every occasion, it is certainly a return to the wonderfully politically incorrect times. There is a clear link to a later Wallace-based movie, the excellent giallo "What ended with Solange?", Which also relates to female students who are being destroyed by (and destroying?) Your elders. Fittingly for the monk theme, master villain uses booby-trapped bibles here to handle some of the blasts and also maintains a reptile-filled dungeon to entertain his captured audience. <br /> <br /> Alfred Vohrer was always the most playful and visually flamboyant of the serial boards, and here the shabby color kinematics is the right star of the show. The monk appears in a ravenous scarlet dress and robe, tastefully discourages the glossy white whip while appearing against purple night backs. There is also a voyeur-friendly turquoise swimming pool that looks both like a glowing environment for the nubile students and as a shady backdrop for one of the murder scenes. The brand "kicker" of saving the "End" card somewhere in sets of the last scene is also quite memorable here. And there is a nice brassy and twangy score for retro music fans. <br /> <br /> Fans of the series will surely miss the cheeky Eddie Arent character in these later films. Instead, the chief inspector Sir John occupies the role of buffoon, convinced he has mastered criminal psychology after taking a few night courses. Unfortunately, Klaus Kinski had also moved on to bigger and better things. Crime had lost some of their eerie subversive charms at this time, and was now working on a much more obvious pop culture level, which would make this one entirely accessible to uninitiated viewers.
