It is a testament to Gosha's incredible film-making ability that he could complete both Hitokiri and his amazing masterpiece, Goyokin, in the same year 1969. And it is a testament to how criminally underestimated he remains for the public (compared to the media darlings as the great Akira Kurosawa) that both Hitokiri and Goyokin received less than 500 votes between them. <br /> <br /> Shintaro Katsu is Okada Izo: Madhound killer, loyal to the Tosha clan and their boss Takechi, played by another genre stalwart, Tatsuya Nakadai. The Tosha clan was part of a larger alliance that supported the emperor against the flailing shogunate. The historical background is quite precise - with Japan's growing political turmoil between imperialists and Tokugawa and the West's pressure to end a 300-year-old social and political seclusion. It helps a lot to know one or two things about Japanese history, and it ultimately resulted in Meiji Restoration and the abolition of the Tokugawa Shogunate, but it is not necessary in any way. The film was made primarily for a Japanese audience, so certain things are taken for granted, but it also flows very well to the uninitiated. As one would expect from a Hideo Gosha movie in its golden years (the late 60s) the visual palette is breathtaking, the use of external and internal symbolism hides behind pictorial beauty. However, Style is never decorative for Gosha - it is always employed for the service of history. <br /> <br /> And about history, Hitokiri is dominated both literally and figuratively by the tortured protagonist Izo Okada. Like most chambara protagonists, Izo finds himself in a moral double bond, torn between giri (obligation) and ninjo (natural impulse) - although it takes a while for him to realize what his giri is. In the first half of the film, Izo tries for social self-development. Great hopes of social rank and marriage with an aristocrat's daughter - a great progression for anyone coming from the backdrop of a farmer in the rigid social caste system of 19th century Japan. <br /> <br /> The turning point for Izo is when he discovers the price of self-improvement, loss of identity and, consequently, the loss of self-confidence. It is at that time that he undergoes a very symbolic transformation from a famous sword of the Tosha clan into a "nameless" drive without past or future, Torazo the Vagrant. Though not technically unnamed and not a genre in Yojimbo's mold, it is the loss of its former self and propensity of ego, ambition, and self-deception that allow Izo to see things that they really are and resolve themselves. <br /> <br /> Hitokiri ends (which I don't want to reveal here) in the best way any story can end: both positive and negative with a deeply ironic twist that gives Izo the last laugh, a final sardonic remark in death face.
