Hitokiri (who roughly translates as "murder"), a / k / a "Tenchu", which translates roughly as "divine punishment") shows Hideo Gosha at the top of his form. Don't miss this one, or Gosha's second classic, Goyokin! Hitokiri is not just one of Gosha's best films, it is one of the best "samurai / chambara" movies ever made, and perhaps one of the best Japanese movies ever exported. <br /> <br /> Be warned, all the intricate Plot details in Hitokiri can be a little difficult to follow for those who are not familiar with Japanese history from the 19th century. Nevertheless, the underlying human drama is evident and open to all viewers. As per the Gosha norm, Hitokiri gives yet another variation on his traditional theme of "loyalty to his master" vs. "Do it right". However, Gosha develops his favorite theme with such sophistication that it really is the movie to watch (along with Goyokin, of course). I suppose it breaks down like this: If you want a simpler, more action-oriented story, see Goyokin. But if you want a more thoughtful multilayered (albeit cloudy) drama, then watch this. <br /> <br /> (OK, OK, essentially, the historical background is a massive blow between many different samurai clans who are either (1) working to reform, but holding on, Tokugawa Shogunate, and (2 ) Those who are trying to install Emperor Meiji as the supreme ruler of Japan, of course, these clans who worked "for" Emperor Meiji were often less interested in "reforming" Japan than securing their own clan more power in the "new world order". Ironically, the entire feud system was officially abolished as one of the first reforms of the Meiji government.It is ironic terms like this - Goshas great on irony - it makes the whole plot more bittersweet.) What distinguishes "Hitokiri" from Gosha's other movies is Gosha's mature sense of filmography. Each shot is carefully composed, and (like Kubrick's Barry Lyndon), each movie in the film could hold itself as a quiet composition. Of course it is typically Gosha. Hitokiri really stands out with amazing scenery, including (as with Goyokin) many enjoyable seascapes. Just watch the opening sequence and you're hooked! Don't make a mistake, it's not an English piece: Hitokiri is extremely violent (doesn't say you weren't warned). What other than cool camera work does Hitokiri stand out? The performances seem (to me) a little more subtle in this. Katsu Shintaro (of Zatoichi / Hanzo the Razor fame) appears in a starring game as the opposite protagonist / antihero, Okada Izo. Katsu manages to infuse humanity into a character that seems to be more wild than villain. Throughout the movie you are never quite sure whether you are engaged or outraged by Okada's character. At the same time, Katsi's portrayal of Okasah's ravenous hunger for respect and his later pathetic redemption attempts seem to be so human that you can't help but feel empathy / sympathy. Of course, after seeing Nakadai Tatsuya playing the tortured hero in "Goyokin", it is good to see him play such a ruthless villain in "Hitokiri". He's just perfect, there's no more to say! As a final note, perhaps more interesting to buffs than to casual fans, don't miss out on Mishima Yukio's last screen look (yes, the closeted gay right-wing ultra-nationalist novelist who committed suicide by seppuku before the crowd of Japanese military personnel he "kidnapped" "in 1970 and had a film about his life and work made by Paul Schrader) who actually does a pretty solid job of portraying honorable (for an assassin) Shinbei Tanaka.
