Another Pokemon movie has hit theaters, and again I hear the same old, "Pokemon is dead, blah blah blah." The critics of the franchise couldn't be more wrong. Children still play the trading card, they are still watching the TV series, they are waiting for the Game Boy Advance games, and they will see "Pokemon the 4th Movie." <br /> <br /> That said, "Pokemon The 4th Movie" introduces us to two more "legendary" Pokemon: Suicune, "North Wind" by Lore, and Celebi, the Forest Guardian (and the star's exhibitor). Celebi transports herself and a boy named Sam 40 years in the future, to today's day, where Pokemon trains Ash, his faithful Pikachu and his friends Brock and Misty travel through Johto. Sam and Ash become quick friends when they discover the other's mutual love for Pokemon (Sam's vintage Pokeball with screw on top is a good moment). Together, they decide to protect Celebi from history's villain, the Team Rocket agent, named Vicious, who is hell to capture Celebi for his own purposes. Will Ash and Sam be able to protect Celebi from evil 'dark balls? Where does Suicune fit into the picture? Will Jessie, James and Meowth have bigger parts in this movie than before? And just who is Sam really? <br /> <br /> As with the first 3 movies, if you go into the movie, you automatically decide to hate it, no matter what simply because it is Pokemon (or just because your child / niece / nephew / younger siblings / etc. "dragging" you into it, then you will hate it because you have decided that you will hate it. It may be, but blinding the "Pokemon The 4th Movie" trash simply because it is a Pokemon movie, and especially without seeing it, is simply stupid. Even non-fans can enjoy this movie without having to know every detail of the Pokemon world. I'm not saying you will be a Pokemon fan because of this movie, but you can really enjoy it if you want to leave yourself. <br /> <br /> Unlike the first 3 Pokemon movies, "Pokemon the 4th Movie" distributed by Miramax, which I have heard, is also working to secure the rights to the 5th Pokemon movie that became released this summer in Japan. Miramax claims to have some boffo-aggressive marketing strategy for "Pokemon The 4th Movie", but all I have seen so far is a weakly limited release that does not include the usual Pikachu card in the beginning, which I really look forward to this time. I hope that Miramax will look appropriate to put Pikachu cards, called "Pikachu's Exciting Hide-and-Seek," at least DVD / VHS release, if not with a future broader release of "Pokemon The 4th Movie." I hope the current release is just the tip of the iceberg for this very entertaining movie.
