At the end of the 30s and early 40s, a golden age for adventure films, what about the increase in budgets during the economic recovery, was the change in screening entertainment since the production code was enforced and the general worry-free optimism of the time. While most of these were rip-roaring swashbucklers about the wild, superhuman and often frankly misogynistic exploits of heartthrobs like Errol Flynn and Tyrone Power, Gunga Din is very different in focus, scope and tone. <br /> <br /> Part of Swing Your secret is work sharing in his writing team. The original story is by Ben Hecht and Charles MacArthur, two of the most talented and famous writers of Hollywood's Golden Age. But the play itself was Joel Sayre and Fred Guiol's work, both of which Guiol had a background in comedy. What we get from these four is a plot that is balanced and engaging but also beautifully spiced with comic touches. Most of the adventure films of this time were at least partially comedies, usually with one or two comic-relief-supporting players, but they didn't use laughing like Gunga Din does. Here, all the main characters are able to be objects or originators of jokes. We suddenly see the vicious threat of the evil guys as the scene dissolves in a bright heart. The first major battle scene is an equally-handed mix of action and gags, in the style of Douglas Fairbanks, Sr.'s set swashbucklers, something that Flynn and Power vehicles could hardly replicate. In the middle of the swing, the action must take a break, and there are many talky scenes for the plot. But the continuous forays in comedy ?? as the spiked punch routine ?? Producer director George Stevens was a natural when it comes to this kind of thing, having himself cut the teeth of Hal Roach studios and almost exclusively directed comedy to this point. This was his first full-on action feature and he does a starting good job. Especially his use of moving point-of-view shots makes the battle scenes extra exciting. He also brings something you rarely see in action pictures of this era? a sense of true fear and fear. He sets it up with the sharp and prehistoric mountains that dominate many of the shoots and dwarfs the characters. The depiction of the abandoned village and the Thuggee cultists weep of "Kali!" is really incentive. This dimension of fear plays into all the other emotions that are at work here, which makes us worry about these sympathetic characters and makes the comedy more exciting. <br /> <br /> A true genius of genius is in the way the eponymous hero is introduced to the audience. We are made aware of yours visually, as he is prominent in a number of scenes before any of the characters actually address him or verbally refer to him. Because of this, we get the impression that Din is not an important figure in the regiment, but he quickly becomes a remarkable sign for us and decisively a sympathetic one as we see him risking his life and giving water to dying men. <br /> <br /> But the best efforts of writers and directors are far from nothing without a standby. Do not fear, because Gunga Din has a top-notch! Victor McLaglan and Cary Grant were ideal for the material as their best roles were generally found somewhere on the spectrum between drama and comedy. Support in particular is at its best, largely credible, but just occasionally breaking into the over-the-top kitten and capering that was his trademark. Douglas Fairbanks, Jr. is not quite up to the standard of his heavyweight companions, but he is by no means bad. And of course there is Sam Jaffe, cursed by his appearance to always play these wizened little oddballs, but who else could play them with such dignity and humanity? I haven't decided to bash Errol Flynn's and Tyrone Power's swirling adventures, and in fact many of their images are absolute classics that I absolutely love. But Gunga Din does things that even the best of these swashbucklers could never achieve. Not only does the dashing male lead or the klichéd defiant damsel escape, it successfully strikes the action genre with comedy and poignancy in a way that few pictures have done before or after. And it's great.
