The story of the immovable, who acted as a great soldier, saved hundreds of lives, if not thousands, told in the 1939 movie "Gunga Din." Based solely on the Rudyard Kipling poem, the film is brilliantly directed by George Stevens and stars Cary Grant, Douglas Fairbanks Jr. and Victor Mclagen. The title role is played by Sam Jaffe, well-known in my time as Ben Casey's boss, Dr. Zorba, a name that became synonymous with large, uncontrolled hair. Say "Dr. Zorba Hair" to any of my generations and they know what you're talking about. Seen in India at the time of the British occupation, three soldiers - two romantic pounding characters in Grant and Fairbanks, and McLagen as a big sky - are cut-ups - in fact, three overgrown boys. Gunga Din is the water carrier, treated something orally - verbally, anyway - by McChesney (McLaglen), but Cutter (Grant) loves him. When he catches your (pronounced Deen) who practices his soldier, goes and greets as he monkey the device during their maneuvers, Cutter gives him a few pointers. <br /> <br /> The smart band of musketeers will break up when Ballantine (Fairbanks) announces that he is getting married to a lovely young woman (Joan Fontaine) and leaving the service. But when Gunga Din and Cutter run over Thugees, a murder scene led by a guru (Eduardo Cianelli), Gunga Din escapes to warn the unit, and Ballantine insists on re-enlisting to help save Cutter. It's a girl movie. "Swing Your" starts whimsically with slapstick and wonderful, broad comedy, especially by Cary Grant, who is pretty funny. Both he and Fairbanks are so beautiful, it's hard to decide which one to see first. Much of the movie consists of huge action sequences that are very exciting. In the latter part, the story becomes very dramatic and culminates in an exciting and exciting battle. Grant has the most prominent role Fairbanks is the lovesick romantic, and McLaglen as McChesney, mainly because of his treatment of Gunga Din, is the most incredible character, even though one discovers his soft heart in his love for his elephant Annie. His softness comes through at the end of the movie, especially in the very touching, tearing-final scene. <br /> <br /> Always a gentle and sympathetic actor, Sam Jaffe gives a beautiful performance like Gunga Din, a simple, brave man with a big smile, strong imagination and high dreams. Without a great dialogue, Jaffe Gunga conveys your soul splendidly. <br /> <br /> This is truly the ultimate adventure movie, massive in reach with great actors, acclaimed scenes, a wonderful musical score and some beautiful movie footage. Another from the remarkable year, 1939. Highly recommended.
