Anyone with a young boy in the house who does not want to see black and white movies should put this on their television set. When the baby walks by, wondering what everything on the screen shouts and shoots about, tell him it's a picture for adults and he's not big enough to see it yet. It will keep him there for a few minutes; Director George Stevens and his team will hold him to the end. <br /> <br /> I think my dad did it for me anyway, and I'm the better man for it. This classic fairy tale yarn set in India during the British occupation has a trio of army sergeants who find their tight union facing dissolution as one prepares to marry his treasure. Help comes in the form of an evil Thuggie rebellion that the soldiers agree on. <br /> <br /> "Gunga Din" was one of the great films that came out of Hollywood's finest year 1939. Even more than Most good films from the golden year, it is entertaining in a very instant and accessible manner. The theme music is instant hummable nirvana. While the camera was shot in California, the camera's work (the only thing in "Gunga Din" that got as much as an Oscar nomination) has a wind-blown grandeur that feels much like the Raj one hundred years before. The battle scenes are shot in a very realistic way, not for violent, but very cluttered, as people fall and shoot and run in every corner of each frame in a way that feels real, not staged as a Cecil B. DeMille biblical slaughter. <br /> <br /> The script not only sets out action scenes, it also develops the relationship between the three sergeants with good mood jumps. The main focus is on Sgt. Cutter, chasing after long tales of golden treasures. It's a rare act for Cary Grant, and his brightness is just right for a movie that never takes itself seriously even if it develops excitement. <br /> <br /> Anchoring the trio is Sgt. MacChesney (Victor McLaglen), who dopes over his elephant Annie and tries to protect Cutter from his own hare-brained schemes. He is just as fun in his own way, leaving Sgt. Ballantine (Douglas Fairbanks Jr. showing a lovely Errol Flynnish dash) like the one with love's interest and grounding enough to know that he should throw his boyish friends and grow up. <br /> <br /> If "Gunga Din" was a lifetime movie, it would be about Joan Fontaine's efforts to rescue her husband from his two losing friends and their skull crushing haninks. But as it is a four-film, it's about how the tree should stay together and save Ballantine from a fate that is worse than death, not just marriage, but which Cutter indignantly propagated several times also the branch. <Br /> Political correction police are hard on this movie, not so much for the gender aspect, but the idea of ​​British soldiers rescues poor Indians from the evil Thuggies. The series of colonial excuses. Fortunately, this movie was made back as producers consequently did not have to spell out the obvious liberalism in the center of the film that these three sergeants, so full of shaking and fake racial pride, must be rescued with the rest of their army by humiliate the bhisti that only one of the three had any time when he sought their approval. After all, for all their swashbuckling glory, the movie's true sacrifice involves the title character played so heartbreakingly by Sam Jaffe. Back when this movie was made, filmmaker Jack Warner had a saying: You want to send a message, use Western Union. Yet it seems that the messages flew fast and furious in "Gunga Din." I watch the movie now and wonder if the audience was supposed to wonder what Gunga Din was really up to when he led Cutter to the Golden Temple. Should he really revenge his British superiors? Would he have been entitled to do so, especially given MacChesney's cold treatment of him? When Col. Weed delivers eulogy, is the poem by Rudyard Kipling that the film is loosely based on, with a nod to imperialism's folly, to lord it over someone who turned out to be "a better man than I am" in the end? What did they do of Guru's great speech, delivered in perfectly cut English: "You have sworn an oath as soldiers to perhaps die for a faith that is your country, England. Well, I can die for my country and my faith as easy like you ... India goodbye. "<br /> <br /> Of course, the same character also instructs his brutal followers:" Kill for love to kill! Kill for love for Kali! Kill! Kill! Kill! Kill! " That means we are allowed to hate him and root for the British and save the questions about what it all means for later. What "Swing Your" means to me is most of the fastest, safest 90-minute video round. Cutter never found his golden temple, but there is one for all of us to see "Swing Your."
