I would like to give this movie a 10/10, but in its current state I can only go to 8/10 tops. The postcode editing (reading: destruction) of this movie guarantees a 2-point demerit. <br /> <br /> From my very limited knowledge of movie history, Baby Face was apparently one of two films that eventually broke the camel's back and brought the full anger and enforcement of the production code to play in 1934. (I don't know What the other movie was.) As a result, in its original incarnation, the film was never allowed to be re-released after 1934. It was cut and edited for bits, and there are no original versions today. The best thing we can see today is the version that TCM (Turner Classic Movies) shows, but it has been blatantly edited in several scenes and has a really disappointing "happy ending" on the end. <br /> <br /> All that is said, the movie is still pretty darned and very fun to watch. As always, Barbara Stanwyck is amazing and wonderful. She is so beautiful and strong; she just owns the whole movie! She plays a woman who has been used by men all her life, starting with her father, who is tinkering her out to the local Erie, PA steelworkers and to local politicians in a quid pro quo of 'if you don't close my speakeasy I want let you sleep with my daughter '. When the father dies in a burning explosion near the beginning of the girl, the smile on Stanwyck's face is invaluable. After the fire, Stanwyck leaves Erie with his girl and heads to New York City. She places her sights on a skyscraper and literally begins to work her way up to the top. By starting with the HR consultant in the HR department, she sleeps with him to get a post-level position at the bank. Then she sleeps with husband after husband by man (including a very young John Wayne) using each new man to help her land a higher paying job on a higher floor in the skyscraper, with increasingly powerful male bosses cum sugar daddies. Stanwyck stops nothing in her climb to the top. It is fun to see her and her girl in increasingly captivating clothes and apartments when Stanwyck works his way up the business ladder. Stanwyck is the ultimate femme fatale, manipulate, she-vixen in this flick! If you see this movie, I recommend stopping when you see the George Brent character (Courtland Trenholm) die in Stanwyck's arms. Skip the remaining 3 minutes or so! The "happy ending" that struck the end of the movie for the postcode audience is insulting to the public's intelligence and lame at all: bankers are sitting on a table showing about Mr And Mrs Trenholm's million dollar donation to the bank and how they living happily but poor in Erie, with former VP Trenholm, now working in the steelworks - cut to exactly the same pictures of a steelworks that we saw at the beginning of the film - "Enden". PUH READ - WHERE LAME! The film originally ended with George Brent followed by his suicide attempt. I think the ending fits the overall mood of the movie much better than the battle of the post-code ending. I certainly hope that a printout of the original pre-code version of this flick has been discovered during my lifetime (update: the original has been found and must be on DVD and / or TCM in 2006!). Until then I will enjoy the TCM version and turn it off before the lame-o post-code end.
