This is one of the most bold and important of the so-called "Pre-Code" films made in Hollywood in the 1930s. Unlike some Pre-Code films, which occasionally dabbed in subjects that would never have been allowed after 1934-5, this movie was completely immersed in a very sordid, but entertaining plot from start to finish. The conventional morality of the late 30s and 40s was definitely not obvious in this movie, as the film is essentially about a cyclical woman who sleeps her way to the top - and without excuses along the way. This "broad" both enjoyed sex and used it on any man who could help her get rich - something you would never have seen in movies made only two or three years later. <br /> <br /> The movie begins with Barbara Stanwyck working in her father's speakeasy. Besides being her boss, he is also her pimp and encourages her to sleep with a local official so that he allows the illegal bar to operate with impunity. Although it is not particularly clear here, Dad seems to have "rented" his father's body for a long time. But after almost being raped and attacked this man by breaking a bottle of beer over his skull, Barbara had had enough and heads to the big city. It doesn't hurt that it still blew up and killed her father, but her sense of she hired herself out and had nothing to show for it seemed to be the impulse to move. <br /> <br /> Despite depression Barbara uses sex to get a job with a big mega bank. She starts at a beautiful menial job as a filist, but to the extent that it seems like a few weeks, she sleeps her way from one job to another for another one - until she sleeps with the bank's head and his future son-in-law !!! It all ends in tragedy, but Babs doesn't seem too shaken by the death of these two men. In fact, later on, she can induce herself in the new CEO's life, and again she is on top (maybe more than one). Now this is a wonderful movie because it was so gritty and unjustified. Barbara played a 100% sociopath - a woman without morals and no conscience - just a desire to squeeze as much out of life as she could no matter who she hurt in the process. But the brave writers and the producer "chicked out" and thought it important to tackle a redemptive ending. Considering that this woman was so evil and boring, her change of heart to the end was a great disappointment and greatly impaired by the film. In many ways this reminded me that Jesus was once - as once a wicked person somehow "sees the light" and changes by the non-convincing conclusion. <br /> <br /> My advice is to try RED-HEADED WOMAN and DOWNSTAIRS. RED-HEADED WOMAN is much like BABY FACE, but has no magic transformation at the end - the leading lady is really a skunk down deep! In DOWNSTAIRS, a movie similar to RED-HEADED WOMAN, the roles are reversed, and a man (John Gilbert) plays a similar twist. Both are classics and slightly better than this movie. <br /> <br /> This movie is a great curiosity for a short period of often ultra-less Hollywood movies, and in this light it's worth seeing for Cinephiles. Also, The Duke's fans take note - John Wayne plays a very small role in the movie and it is very unusual to see a very young Wayne playing such a traditional role.
