Director Alfred Green's "Baby Face" melodrama with Barbara Stanwyck is one of the more notorious of Pre-Code movies. These films were produced before the Production Code Administration had the power to enforce its rules in 1934. "Inspiration" scenarios Gene Markey and "Midnight Mary" writer Kathryn Scola wrote the play based on Mark Canfield's story of the rise and fall of a girl who used her sexual charm to acquire wealth and position in society. Incidentally, Mark Canfield was a pseudonym for the producer Daryl F. Zanuck. These Pre-Code movies today seem tame, but they woke up the controversy to a large extent and contained more racy material than most movies until the late 1950s when the code began to eradicate. The themes that the filmmakers explore are women against men, women against women and women against society. Lily's worthless father Nick Powers (Robert Barret from "Distant Drums") runs an illegal speakeasy bar under Prohibition, as the thirteenth amendment forbade liquid, and brews his own splash in a quiet out back. Nick is such an unpleasant guy that he is squeezing out of his beautiful but hard-working daughter Lily (Barbara Stanwyck of "Nurse"), but Lily refuses to help her father with a shabby local politician. The politician. Ed Sipple (Arthur Hohl from "Private Detective 62") raises himself to reciprocate for Lily's refusal to accommodate him. Later, Nick tickles his rebellious daughter. Lily blames him. "Yes, I'm a tramp, and who's to blame? My father, a tumultuous, you gave me, only men, dirty, rotten men. And you're lower than any of them." No sooner has she stormed than Nick dies when his still blows and kills him. Lily and her African American girl Chico (Theresa Harris from "Arrowsmith") pack their bags and take a ride on the first cargo city. <br /> <br /> Not before have our heroines arrived in New York than Lily uses her charm to get a job in a bank. Visually, director Green Lily's clear climb shows up the ladder with camera angles moving upwards until Lily's sexuality threatens to destroy the bank. At one point, Lily breaks a marriage between a bank manager, Ned Stevens (Donald Cook of "The Public Enemy") and his fiancé Anne Carter (Margaret Lindsay of "Cavalcade") after Stevens nearly fired her to flirt with her boss, Brody ( Douglas Dumbrille by "his women") in the staff toilet. Lily is extremely sharp and manages to emerge from every debacle better than before. The board rents Courtland Trenholm (George Bent of "Jezebel") to take over as chairman of the bank. The first thing Trenholm does is to pay Lily instead of letting her publish her journal entries about the higher ups on the bank. In addition, Trenholm sends Lily out to their branch in Paris, where Lily does not create anything before Trenholm arrives, and they become romantic attached. Lily fights tooth and nail for everything she has got and hates throwing it all away, but eventually she sacrifices everything for her husband. Ironically, Lily wins back in the same town that she started in, but Trenholm and she is happy now. "Baby Face" qualifies as one of the five best Pre-Code movies. Look for John Wayne dressed in a suit and tie in a scene.
