The pre-release version of the 1933's "Baby Face" would make an ideal introduction to a corporate seminar on sexual harassment. Mentored by a Nietszchean professor, Lily Powers increases from a life of easy virtue to her father's speakeasy for a quick rise to the company's rise on a large bank. Because each rowing of the ladder is an executive with his brain under his belt, and his ethics is locked in the vault, the film has no sacrifice, except Lily's childhood, which was destroyed by an abusive father. The devastating relationship with her father suggests Lily's hidden motive for using men to advance without regard to their destiny. While Lily is cynical and obvious in her approach, men willingly target traitor wives and fiancé to shop for sexual favors. Perhaps the bank failures of the 1930s were due to the economy less than to morally corrupt leaders distracted by ambitious women. <br /> <br /> The plot is moving quickly and the camera moves fun from window to window up the facade of the office building as Lily ever climbs higher. Barbara Stanwyck torn in hard-tipped roles, and she is in top form here. Atmosphere does not go in when she is ready to climb the next rung. Only her African American confidant, Chico, receives Lily's love, trust and loyalty. In more enlightened times, the fresh natural beauty of Theresa Harris, who plays Chico, would have made the men throw her fur and penthouses on her. Stanwyck often appears overly rigid and resilient to Harris. However, despite Stanwyck's tough endurance, clear tactics and artificial visage, she manages to leave a trace of stupid and seduced men, including Douglass Dumbrille, Donald Cook and a young John Wayne. <br /> <br /> The preferred version of "Baby Face" is the 76 minute restored cut. The edited release version of the movie is shaded by the hard facts that the longer cut recovers and makes explicit. Perhaps Darryl Zanuck, who wrote the story under an assumed name, had thought of a lesson by quoting from Nietszche, whose view of women was controversial. In spite of Alphonse Ethier's lectures and advice that were not killed by life, Lily's grip on power and money probably owed more to her upbringing and father than to her professor's mentor. However, the philosophy is only a distraction. Short, fast and entertaining, "Baby Face" is as modern in its morals as "Wall Street". Deputy Gordon Gecko for Nietszche, and Lily could have declared his leading philosophy of being "greed is good."
