BABY FACE is one of the better of the "forgotten" movies before the code. It was shown last night after the 1931 version of WATERLOO BRIDGE on TURNER CLASSIC NETWORK, so I was able to watch the movie as it is now with four plus minutes of it restored. <br /> <br /> Stanwyck lives in East St. Louis (where she may have known the drowning parents of "Myra" - Mae Clarke - in WATERLOO BRIDGE). Her father is Robert Barrett. She has lived with him since her mother's death, and (in the restored dialogue) he has hit her since she was 14 years old. Now she is a resident and part-time waitress in her speakeasy, her closest friend is Chico (Theresa Harris), the African-American servant Barrett holds bullying. It is one of the two good points in Stanwick's personality that she holds up to his father about Harris, threatening to leave if Harris is fired (and since they are the creepy workers like Nat Pendleton who enjoy watching Stanwyck serve them, rather than the taste of hooch he serves that brings them in, Barrett must obey her). The one guy who comes to speakeasy, usually regular, like Stanwyck likes, is the shoemaker and intellectual Adolf Cragg (Alphonse Ethier) who sees great potential in the tense girl if she just wants to leave her abandoned home. He also pushes Friedrich Nietzze's philosophy and the idea of ​​the will to power. More on this later. After beating out the local political bigwig (Arthur Hohl) and arguing with Barrett about it, killing an ongoing explosion kills Barrett and allows Stanwyck to leave his hometown. She and Harris head to New York City, which manages to get free transportation of a railroad car by sleeping with a brake (James Murray). They come to New York, and after walking around, they see the Gotham Trust Company (established in 1873) and the friendly guard tells her where the staff office is. <br /> <br /> We slowly look Stanwyck up the business ladder to the top, similar (but dizzyer) than Robert Morse dared to get into business without really trying. But this morning a man in a man dominated business. Stanwyck knows her sexual allure is her weapon. She goes through John Wayne, Douglas Dumbrille (part of the movie I always felt was the most shocking - curious enough - when I saw it), Douglas Wood, Henry Kolker and finally George Brent. Each end falls for her and either gets pushed aside when it is no longer useful or destroyed by her. Brent, the new bank manager, his grandfather founded, married to her - and the movie's crisis is when the bank's financial situation shakes (especially after Brent buys her a fortune in jewels and gives her valuable bonds). Brent is accused. Will she stop him? <br /> <br /> SPOILER COMES UP: <br /> <br /> The one thing about these movies not admitted is that theatrical and moral conventions of the time still dictated conclusions. The original ending had Stanwyck aboard a ship for Europe that left Brent to his fate, but realized she could not do it to him, returned to their apartment complex and found that he had been shot. She drives him to the hospital when it ends. Now before the rediscovered recording was found, the movie with them apparently ended up giving up all their money to the bank to save it and step back to East St. Louis to live happily if poor. <br /> <br /> Neither of these are good conclusions. Stanwyck would continue on his devastating course, with Brent the last of his victims. But even without the Breen office, scriptwriters (one Darryl Zanuck by the way) are so careful to get her to find a moral center. She has no - at least no one for powerful men (whom she hates). I don't think a depression crowd would have tolerated that kind of conclusion. <br /> <br /> There are other issues due to the changing styles of public opinion and social change. It was a man's world in the corporate world in 1933, so Stanwyck has her work cut to her. Wood (when she gets fired for an indiscretion with him) admits he didn't want her to work. <br /> <br /> But in 2006, Stanwyck would have found a woman everywhere. In the film there are scary, catty remarks (of course some based on jealousy) against Stanwyck from other secretaries and female employees at her rapid rise. In 2006 she is often confronted with senior women, and she would find them cutting her very quickly on her legs. Of course, if she finds one or two lesbians, she can try that way, but it is doubtful. And she also never seems to meet any men who are gay. They have gay male business executives who would not confuse their legs or breasts. <br /> <br /> Then there is her mentor, Mr Cragg. Cragg is remade in the "bowdlerized" version to try to get her to seek a moral center. In fact, he pushes Nieztsche, but the road (in the broader sense) pushed the Nazis into Nieztsche - find their way to power and push it. Although Nieztsche stressed power sometimes, it was not the very best and end - all his theories. Otherwise, no one would read him today at college courses. Cragg is of course self-educated, but only half trained. In short, if anyone who thoroughly studied Nieztsche confronted Cragg, he would make him look like a semi-educated fool. And it's Stanwyk's mentor! A good movie, and for the day it's worth a 10 ... but seriously flawless.
