This is considered a key Pre-Code movie ?? from the director, who later made the musical biopic THE JOLSON STORY (1946), but also the paranoid sci-fi INVASION U.S.A. (1952)! ?? and has one of Barbara Stanwick's best early roles. <br /> <br /> She is backed by a fine cast that includes popular actors and valued characters of the day ?? George Brent, Douglass Dumbrille, Edward van Sloan, Nat Pendleton, and John Wayne (at one point approached Stanwyck with the titular nickname derived from a popular song that is constantly heard) in the former category, and in the latter Robert Barrat as Stanwick's father, Donald Cook (as his most tragic conquest), Alphonse Ethier (as his older mentor more on this later), Arthur Hohl (as lecherous politician) and Henry Kolker (as Cook's chief and father-in-law which Stanwyck also seduces). Curiously, scenes where Walter Brennan appeared, were subsequently deleted as desired, as the film ran into problems with the censors! <br /> <br /> Attached by crackling ie typically cooked dialogue and realistic Anton Cave set, the story contains unexpected overtones of Nietzschean philosophy fed to our small town heroine of the intellectual Ethier (Stanwyck complains to him early that she is not "fireball" which, of course, contradicts her later comedy directed by Howard Hawks and co-starring Gary Cooper of that name!). Under Ethier's auspices, she quickly flourishes to a virtually heartless character, who has determined that nothing should stand in her path to success; The symbolic depiction of her rise in the stature of the New York company she is eventually employed with resembles a similar sardonic? relates to an ambitious statesman desire for power ?? in Sergei Eisenstein October (1927)! Sociologically, it is also interesting that Stanwyck is constantly seen sticking her neck out to her black girl / companion. <br /> <br /> The first two-thirds of the movie is simply amazing; in the first place did I find the latter stages somewhat disappointing ?? because I expected to see Stanwyck get her comeuppance by falling to the late introduced George Brent character while ignoring her ?? But like him, he is soon under her magic! At second view, did this aspect feel less minor? as it is evident that Stanwyck has been hit by the two deaths, she has caused her selfish behavior and her possession in Paris has softened her (though she tries to cling to her hard earned wealth for as long as possible). /> <br /> Released on DVD by Warners as part of their FORWARDED Hollywood VOLUME 1 COLLECTION, the movie is featured in two strikingly different edits ?? a recently released Pre-Release version and Tamer Theatrical Release printing. Among the significant footage cut from the latter is dialogue about Stanwyk's life as a tramp from 14 years (although heard in the related trailer!), While many other scenes have been shortened (ie, censored to content): the violent fisticuff that evolves between Stanwyck and Hohl after she resists his progress; seduction by the railcar; the scene where Dumbrille is surprised with Stanwyck by Cook; shooting followed by suicide (only shots are heard in the shorter version); Stanwyck thinks of her conquests while the phonograph plays (again, only Brent appears in the version released for theaters) etc. The latter then exploits alternative shifts to some scenes ?? and includes an established shot of the city, missing from the longer version; However, we also get a clear interception (the Pre-Release version ends abruptly on a very effective open-end note) and an equally compelling cautionary letter sent by Ethier to Stanwyck in New York, which basically has the function of replacing all references to Nietzsche!
