"Baby Face" is a precode melodrama with a very young Barbara Stanwyck, an almost unrecognizable George Brent and Theresa Harris. It's about a girl who goes to town to do good ... or I'll have to say time to do it. Stanwick's father has hit her for some reason her whole life in the dingy, depressed, dirty Erie, Pennsylvania. After her father dies, an older vessel who knows what she's been through and really cares about her future, advises her to go to the big city and take advantage of the opportunities - and not the easy ones - and take the highway in life . (Note that I saw the censored version and not the unclear - this part of the movie was redone for the censors.) She and Chico (Harris) go to New York, where Lily (nickname: Baby Face) decides that the low road is much smoother and will get her where she will go much faster. In the film's most famous scene, the camera moves us to the company's ladder by taking us from floor to floor as Lily sleeps his way to the top. She finally corrals the big man herself and is able to finish her daily job. Errors follow and she is soon involved in a big scandal. Stanwyck has lots of makeup, and most of the movie is fun as a cucumber as she seduces a man after another without regret, and she's great at playing the innocent victim. In a scene, she sits staring at a king's ransom in jewels while wearing a black dress that looks like it is decorated with diamonds at the top. Then she asks Chico for another case and it is filled with more jewelry plus securities. All in one day's work. <br /> <br /> Theresa Harris was an interesting talent - she could be played or glamorous, and was also a talented singer and dancer. Here the song or the lobster's theme, "St. Louis Woman", sings all the way through. She worked in literally dozens of movies and is very good here as a friend of Stanwycks, her best work in the precode era. As a bizarre by-product of the code, blacks were often given less to do in films after it was put in place. <br /> <br /> Precode films could be more sexually blatant and therefore, the 70+ year olds seem more modern. Although these movies did not have to have moral conclusions, Baby Face learns his lessons - how can life be like that. There were several endings of this movie, all with the same message. The one I saw had an added scene, but apparently there were two other endings that did not pass the censors. (There wasn't a code, but there were always censors.) At least that's a nice surprise. "Baby Face" is an important movie in film history - a must see.
