It is really rare that you get a glimpse of a media error that has been reported as official "truth" and caught so many "news agencies" with their pants down. This film, in my opinion, deserves every prize in journalism - it is objective (yes!), Courageous and a real "scoop". It can without comment, false scenes or leading questions - everyone, including Chavez, get as many people to fool themselves in their own words. Filmmakers "only" had to keep track of events and keep their cameras rolling. The Venezuelan elite teaches us "How to deposit a president and sell it as a victory for democracy". It's amazing that they lost in the end - so far. From what I know, the largest television station got its ground-based license recalled, they still send via cable and satellite. I very much doubt whether George W. or Barack Obama would be so tolerant after a coup attempt. But then they don't have to worry. <br /> <br /> The fact that "Chavez supporters shoot innocent civilian" scams was so willingly repeated around the world, revealing just how biased the so-called "free" (established) media has really been, or has always been, only more so. An important lesson for anyone interested in what "really" is happening in the world. The famous "objectivity" challenge always comes into play when journalists dare to oppose the general view or reveal unwelcome facts accusing "us" - it has been true with the effects of atomic bombs, the American secret story of spreading "democracy" whether in the world or the Iraq war, which, according to Johns Hopkins, killed 1.3 million Iraquis now to mention the 60,000 Afghans (in 2003) never mentioned. To be objective, Saddam Hussein was less harmful to his people than the United States. And the United States is ready and willing to be more harmful to the Iranians that he was. <br /> <br /> I'm curious about the upcoming attempt by some Khmer Rouge leaders before the International Tribunal in The Hague to mention "our" commitment to supporting and educating Pol Pot's 80s guerrillas, when they were largely defeated by the Vietnamese. Probably not. <br /> <br /> Even more reason to turn to the independent media for balance, if not exposure to fraud.
