I have to go through the two movies as a whole because I feel that it is how it should be considered and monitored. When I talk about the 'movie', I talk about parts 1 and 2 together when I saw one after the other as they should be. <br /> <br /> Thanks Jon Anderson, Steven Soderbergh & Benicio Del Toro <br /> This movie is a refreshing, bold, gritty and real movie. And it is listening to a new style of film making. No faux drama. No swelling soundtrack. Not Faux Documentary Style. Just clean the shots and try to stick to the facts. I have read Jon Anderson's "Che Guevara: A Revolutionary Life" and recently completed Fidel's Auto Biography, and it had helped my ability to suck this movie properly. But I have to say that it is Jon Anderson's exhaustive, penultimate and wonderful biography that has given this film the right historical back. Anderson was a consultant on this movie (or these 2 films). What makes this movie a real thing is that it is clean. No uplifting music or slow motion photography to raise drama, and more importantly; no fake documentary shaky camera. Just square shots and even shooting style. The type of camera used makes you feel right there in the jungle. Benicio Del Toro should be given full honor for this, I never doubted him as Che in the whole movie ... not even. He did a wonderful job, and I will respect him forever for this. Some people complain that the film deals only with 2 slices of his life and not all. But I think this is one of the true beautiful aspects of this movie: it doesn't try to be everything. It doesn't try to 'tell the story'. A person's life is too many-faceted to try to tell for 2, 4, 8, 16 or 32 hours. This is one of the finest beauties of this film, it resists the temptation, and remains focused on the intent of letting us have a sense of love, his development of the militaristic mind and the crimes around him. It focuses on 3 slices of time: Battle of the Batista, Che's UN speech and Gorilla's preparations in Bolivia. "Motorcycle Diaries" already told his young man side, and I welcome S. Soderbergh to focus on other aspects instead. I continue to refer to Jon Anderson's book and the film remains true. The only weak link to me is Matt Damon's casting (not performance). In a movie that is so full of true to life shows, an American (Matt Damon) who plays a bolivian is a lumpy stretch - he does well, but after so much care in the casting was an over-site. Small and completely forgiven. The reality that the rest of the casting gives you, and especially Benicio Del Toro's amazing job, put this movie at the top of my list. <br /> <br /> The fact that this movie almost went to video, says something about how cold war ethics that would never allow 'revolutionized Cuba' to stay what it might have are still at work who keeps his story quiet. If it is not out of secret muffling, then out of the effects of properly executed propaganda that has affected this topic. <br /> <br /> This is a must see movie, and Jon Anderson's "Che Guevara: A Revolutionary Life" is a must read if you want to start understanding the early effects on global thinking about the expansion of international / political economic chess movements from the 40s, 50s, and 60s that put undue pressure on our South American neighbors and the effects it promotes.
