Possibly the most brilliant thing about Che: Part 2, when we begin to integrate it with the first part of our mind, there is no clarification as to why Che chose to interpret confidentially from Cuba after the revolution, no reference to his experience in Congo , no explanation as to why he chose Bolivia as his subsequent proposition for a coup d'état, no reference to the political decisions he made as a youth motorcycle across South America, as Walter Salles has given prominent confidentiality. Additional emphasis is placed on Che, who meets the volunteers accompanying his guerrilla factions. But there is hardly any attempt to designate them as individuals to establish involved relationships. He is reasonably unreasonable. Che drives an unbreakable doctrine not to leave any wounded man. But there is no sense that he is deeply touched by his men. That's the concept. In Part 1, in Cuba, the rebels are welcomed by the village's people, given food and cover, backed by what grows to be a victory revolution. Here in Bolivia there is not much understanding. Villagers expose him. They protect government troops, not his own. When he plays on one side of the public medical system, his audience does not look. You can't revolutionize a people if they don't want to comply with them. Soderbergh shows US military advisors working with Bolivia, but doesn't fail the US for Che's collapse. Che seems to have just misfigured his fight and the place where he wanted it. <br /> <br /> In showing both wars, Soderbergh does not build his fighting scenes as actions with specific results. Che's men are attacking and being attacked. They exchange fire with distant attackers. There is generally a cut for the group in arrears of struggle, its death penalty not paused. This is not a war movie. It's about a man's reasonably unfair driving to endure. There is no detailed filmography. Soderbergh looks good on Che's inflexible commitment. There are remarkable sporadic visceral shots, but too few are the more powerful, such as Che's POV shot during his last beats. There is an abundance of terrain where these men live for weeks at a time, and the ever-consuming effect is of dullness, Guevara itself has malaria part of the time. <br /> <br /> Benicio Del Toro, one of the film's producers, gives a master performance, not least because it is modest. He is not portrayed as a leading edge like most epic heroes. In Cuba he emerges in conquest, in Bolivia he falls on the back, and sometimes it is hard to distinguish behind a beard of beard and hair. Del Toro does not illustrate as much an identity as an attitude. You may think the movie is too long. I think there is a real reason for its breadth. Guevara cases in Cuba and especially Bolivia were not a series of episodes and sketches, but an obligation to maintain power that could almost be called insane. Ultimately, Che as a whole or in part is a commercial ballsy film in which its director begins to understand the boundaries inherent in cinema cinema and works gradually within these means.
