Part II or formerly known as GUERILLA is also a great achievement, but not as entertaining as PART I, because this is where we begin to witness what could have caused Che Guevara's fall and death. Once again, I am impressed by the cause and effect that both have in their related stories. We recall over and over again that the main character, Che Guevara, is Argentinian. Some of the men of Fidel's army chose not to take orders from a foreigner, and now that Che has chosen to leave the comfort of victory to continue the revolution in Bolivia, he also does not receive much respect from his new army and natives, just because he is a foreigner. <br /> <br /> In technical terms, I think part II would have been more useful if, before anything else, just after the map's view, it would show some highlights from the previous issue just to update the memory of his characters and what he has set out to get the audience to understand why his methods were successful in Cuba, but they do not work in Bolivia. It is clear now in this segment that Che is not as charismatic as Fidel Castro. In Bolivia, he deals with a bunch of soldiers whose hearts are not entirely in it. It is said that the ingredients for revolutionary are love. Well, they don't give that much to their country, so it's a hard sell. It is terribly painful and difficult for Che to get the others to buy into his vision. I like a particular scene that illustrates Che's worsening condition, a scene where his horse would not go no matter how bad Che is trying to lead it, and then his mood got better from him, and for a moment he forgets that he is a doctor and he becomes this desperate soldier who sticks his own horse. His army is like a horse that will not be led. But at the same time, the film draws on small comos from familiar faces, which you recognize just for the sake of short entertainment, and most of the time you are tied to the left and right by an obstacle after another, but perhaps it is the purpose of Part II if so .. it certainly works. Standing ovation for cinematography that gives us a first perspective at the moment Che's last breath. This film cannot answer the question of why Che Guevara was so stubborn why he was so determined that he could pull it off, even the win odds were against him and why he deeply wanted South America to have the same fate as Cuba but the movie CHE is a story worth telling.
