It surprises me that I actually have the courage to watch the bioflick or flicks "Che: Parts 1 & 2". Why? Because if my Cuban exiles ever found out I saw this movie about this despicable mass murderer in the Cuban Revolution, I would be founded for life. Hi wait? I'm an adult, they can't justify me. Director Steven Soderbergh, and novice commie (sorry Steven, but I had to take Soder shots here) split the film into two parts on Commander Ernesto "Che" Guevara's revolutionary life. "Che: Part 1" presents how Che in the mid-1950s joined Fidel Castro's guerrilla crew in their revolutionary quest to overthrow the regime of Cuban President Fulgencio Batista; as we all know was a revolutionary success for them, but a gigantic guerrilla disaster for many Cubans when it revolted in communism. "Che: Part 2" presents Che trying to revolutionize the T-Shirt industry by pitching T-shirts with his horrible Bearbado face to T-Shirt manufacturers. Okay, I'm talking a lot about your way! I meant to say that Che: Part 2 focuses on Che in the late 60's and tries to bring the revolution back, this time to a Bolivian poverty, but with far different results. In fact, Che was a dead meat enchelada when he was captured and killed by the Bolivian militia in 1967. Soderbergh does not include the interim time of these two cases in Che's life when he commanded the despicable La Cabana Fortress Prison in Cuba, where he massively murdered many Cubans who opposed communism. This is where I think Soderbergh did a cinematic injustice by not showing viewers how shudder Guevara really was. I decided to see "Che" in the hope that Soderbergh would not glamorize him, but instead present how disturbed he really was. Soderbergh did not do the latter and unfortunately decided to present Guevara as a revolutionary hero that he was not. He was a sick man, thanking God, is now enough in the bottom of the devil barrel. Now I have to be objectively reconsidered and must admit that Benicio Del Toro's performance as Che was extremely commanding and worthy of profit. And that Demian Bichir was a haunted death ringtone like Fidel Castro in his meticulous performance. But the rest of the cast "Che" consisted mainly of mediocre performances by actors depicting guerrilla soldiers. And as much as I admire Matt Damon, why did Sodebergh beat him in the revolutionary mix of a Spanish-speaking cameo performance that excelled a Bolivian delegate? Soderbergh did not need to present this biopic, which is mostly "too much talk and not enough action" in 4 hours and 30 minutes. We've already had too much of Che already, even posthumously with the ridiculous t-shirts, so why give us too much more of him? But I assume that when you have Del Toro at the horns (as you did here Steven), I think it's your saving grace not to execute "Che: Parts 1 & 2". *** Average
