I came to see Guerilla, part 2 of Steven Soderbergh's biopic by Che Guevara, without seeing the previous film and without more than a brief knowledge of Che's life. At the same time, I was quite worried that this would be both a heavy history story and an unjustified love letter to the iconic revolutionary. As it turns out, this movie far exceeded my expectations. <br /> <br /> Guerilla works remarkably well as an independent film. The story of Che's unsuccessful attempt to lead a revolution in Bolivia, then under the military regime, is a convincing tragedy. The original impulse brought by Che's arrival incognito to lead the guerrilla war is lost, as accident follows accident. The odds set themselves against the revolutionaries. US support for the Bolivian army, hostile conditions in the rainforest, suspicious locals and Che's failing health are just some of the difficulties that resurrected rebellion. <br /> <br /> Soderbergh's depiction of Che is largely uncritical, but this film is no hagiography. The style is refreshingly dramatic, with a subtle and effective soundtrack by Alberto Iglesias, adding silent drama to many scenes. Che is undoubtedly the center of the movie, but there are very few close-ups of his face and we are encouraged to see the people fighting with him and sometimes against him as well. Where Soderbergh wants to demonstrate Che's virtues, we see it in small episodes such as the loyal acolyte breaking up two co-rulers as they ask Che's leadership and emphasizing the sacrifice he has made to leave Cuba to fight again for revolution. <Br /> <br /> The whole direction is amazing. Part 2 feels closely edited despite the narrow focus and is able to communicate extensively through images without the need for a narrator to spell things out to the audience. At the start of the film, we see a couple of short clips of lavish parties in post-revolutionary Cuba who immediately give us ideas on why Che would sacrifice his old life to fight again in another country. Later, the guerrilla depiction separates itself through the endless rainforest as a strikingly beautiful scene and helps create a sense of the enormous importance of the task before this little revolutionary band. <br /> <br /> If there is a problem with the movie, the distance between the viewer and Che, which, while allowing us to appreciate the connection between rebellion and the people around him, makes it difficult for us to Understand him better as a person. True, Benicio Del Toro is absolutely convincing in the lead role ?? so much that it's hard to remember that you see an actor and not the man himself. But watching Guerilla as an independent film means we get precious little insight into what creates Che's thoughts, words and actions. It is hoped that this is more in the forefront of the first part of Soderbergh's biopic (I can't comment yet), and certainly the strength of part two makes me look forward eager to see the prequel.
