I sat through both parts of Che last night, back and forth with a short bathroom, and I can't remember when 4 hours last went so fast. I had to psyche myself a week in advance because I have a real 'thing' about directors, producers and editors who continue to blow over, over long quasi epics in front of us, and I feel it as a whole 2 2.5 hours is about a movie. So 4 hours seemed to stretch the limits of my tolerance and I was very dubious about the whole business. But I will say in advance that this is beautiful ?? I can say lovingly ?? made movies and I'm really glad I saw it. Director Steven Soderbergh should be congratulated for the clarity of his vision. The battle scenes sink as if you dodge the balls yourself. <br /> <br /> If there is a person on the planet who does not know, Ernesto 'Che' Guevara was the Argentine doctor who helped Fidel Castro to overthrow Fulgencio Batista via the Cuban Revolution of 1959. When I was a child in the 1960s, Che's image was everywhere; on bedroom wall posters, on T-shirts, on magazine covers. Che's image must be one of the most over-exploited ever. If the famous images are to be invoked, Che was a very nice guy, the revolutionary romantic epitome. Had he been ugly, do I have to ask myself if he had ever been so popular in public imagination? Of course, dying young people help. <br /> <br /> Films have been made about Che before (especially the 2004 outstanding motorcycle diaries starring the unbearably sweet Gael Garcia Bernal as young Che, touring South America and seeing the endemic poverty that formed his Marxist politics), but I don't think anyone has ever tackled the whole story from the beginning to the end, and these two parties are an ambitious project. I hope it pays for Soderbergh, but I can only imagine that immediate commercial success may not have been at the top of his mind. The first film (The Agentine) shows Che, who meets Castro in Mexico and follows their journey to Cuba to start the revolution and then travel to New York in 1964 to address the UN. Cleverly shot black and white pictures look like modern movies, but are not. The second film (Guerilla) is retrieving in 1966 when Che arrives in Bolivia to start a new revolutionary movement. The second movie takes place almost exclusively in the forest. As far as I can see, it was shot mostly in Spain, but I can still believe that it must have been quite exciting to film. Benicio Del Toro is excellent as Che, some he seems to be born to play. Personally, I felt that the Argentine (ie part 1) was much easier to see and more "entertaining" in the rigorous movie feeling because it is optimistic. They win the revolution will succeed. Che is in his element that leads a heterogeneous bond, peasants, workers and intellectuals in the revolutionary cause. The second part is much harder to see because of the inevitability of his defeat. Like the recent Valkyrie - while being a good movie - was an exercise to witness heroic failure, I felt the same about the second part of Che (Guerilla). We know from the start that he dies, we know he fails. It is frustrating because the way the story is told, it is obviously quite early that the revolution in Bolivia's revolution is doomed; Che is considered a foreign invader and fails to connect with the indigenous people in the way he did with the Cubans. He keeps on going, which is frustrating to look at because I felt he should have known when to give up and move on to other, perhaps more successful companies. The film doesn't romanticize him too much. He kills people he performs, struggles with his asthma, and follows a lost cause long after he has given up and moved, leaving a wife alone to bring up five fatherless children. <br /> <br /> But overall, an excellent classical filmmaking exercise. A note; When I watched the American trained Bolivian soldiers move in mass to pick up Che and his little warlord one by one, it reminded me of the final of Butch Cassidy. I almost turned to my husband and said it, but hesitated and thought he would find such thoughts immediately and out. When we left the theater, he turned me over and said, "Didn't you think the end was like Butch Cassidy ??????????????"
