Many reviews I've read show that most people tend to like Part One better than Part Two. I feel the opposite. Part One played a bit around trying to find different ways to show Che Guevara's personality through different types of movie stores, different locations and cut back and forth between an interview and the Cuban revolution. Mostly it was structured fine but a little distracting. In the second part, Che goes into Bolivia, and together with changed geographical location changes the rules and structure. Gone are the spatial leaps and switches between stocks, "documentary realism" and the dissertations. Instead, we are literally trapped with Che in a desatured, depopulated landscape where the only people who exist are burdened too far with their lives for anything but survival being an option. I say it's the dark trip to Ches life that is the right reason why most people prefer Part 1 to Part Two. The change in geographic location also means to me at least that Che: Part One and Che: Part 2 is actually the other two actions of a woodworking structure started by Motorcycle Diaries. Motorcycle Diaries is Che's upcoming age (or more appropriate ideas) in Argentina, Che: Part 1 is his military leadership in Cuba, and Che: Part 2 is his downfall in Bolivia. These films do not fully illustrate his life (we are missing his experiences in Guatemala and, more importantly, in my opinion, his post-Cuban revolution executions), but they do a very detailed exploration of the controversial aspects of his character and nature as a worldwide symbol. He symbolizes both idealism and the need for armed resistance to oppression and revolutionary failures in the Third World countries after World War III and their barriers to such activities as the CIAs interfering. <br /> <br /> However, once again all this on the screen is not projected through long scenes of dialogue and speech, but through a much more intimate, suffering depiction of Che at the end of his thread and his life. Again, the rules have changed and in this case it is difficult to know if there was any chance of success at all. The number of times the camera shows people literally trapped between a rock and a hard place, and the saturated, shaken long take, entails the audience in the tale of people imprisoned in a hostile landscape, an existential hell, where revolutionary beliefs ultimately end up taking second place Tier for desperation of hunted people starving to death. Watching movies just isn't that easy, but it's very effective. <br /> <br /> - PolarisDiB
