Following directly from where the story took place in Part 1, the other half that sets out to tell the inevitable downfall and much more ungodly side of the man's heritage is exactly as such. In direct contrast to the first move, part two represents a shift from Che to the Revolutionary Country's pride and glory, to Che er er struggles liberators of a country to which he has no previous ties. The change of setting is not just aesthetic; from autumn and autumn, the shift of tone and heart comes to the function, replacing the predecessor's optimism with a cynical, battered and broken reality aimed at a whole new battle. But as Che would continue to say himself, such a fight is best asked for it to be a fight. While Part One certainly helped document the original rise to power that revolutionary guerrilla has acquired through just that, part two takes a much more refined, wise and gloomy segment of Ches life and ambition and gives it a confident depiction that both exciting and tragic in a tangible and easily understandable way. <br /> <br /> While the film's tone in some respects falls off and deviates quite drastically from Part 1, however, the same documented approach taken a month ago still avoids the melodrama and presentation as much as possible. This little distant cold approach to telling Cha's story and struggle will undoubtedly make some viewers; yes, i'm still reserved about whether the function itself should have been named after a man, if anything, the whole Che as a whole delivers a story that goes beyond more biography and instead documents a man's fight next to them, who helped carry him along the way. In no way does Soderbergh attempt to paint a humanistic portrait here, like what Hirschbiegel did with Der Untergang half a decade ago (excuse the ironic contrast); Che is a slowly moving, reserved and meditative approach to telling a story lesson that just happens to be told by one man who has otherwise done it all. <br /> <br /> But moving from the lush green landscapes of Cuba and retreating to Bolivia's gloomy, overdue scenery for part two, history inevitably takes a very contrasting tone that doesn't feel too uneven from its predecessor but do enough to give it its own reference points. Here is the basic structure echoed in Part 1? There is the original struggle, the fighting, the fallen comrades and the recruitment of those to replace them, all the time we see some glimpse of the man behind the movement. Yet, as everyone with the vigilant idea of ​​the actual story behind the feature will know, Part Two is destined to end up with a much more subversive and eerie note. This difference, combined with the similarities with Part 1, makes a compelling and memorable whole; In every way, both could be digested one (and kudos to Soderbergh to achieve as such) and enjoyed as they are, but taken as a statement, Che delivers exactly what it stands for. <br /> <br /> In fact, all that did part 1 was that it was a month earlier, still evident from the subtle but exciting notions from the central cast to the slow building, realistically structured combat scenes. The drama associated with the characters on the screen is as unclear and inseparable, but with a move like this, part 2 again shows that avoiding such elements does not necessarily damage a movie when there is enough plot and reflection on other elements to keep the viewer engaged. In fact, by writing this review I was in violation of whether I just added a paragraph or two to my initial review for Part 1 and titles the notification as a whole, but I felt that to do so would only serve to disillusion them, who can sit down to watch both movies in succession. <br /> <br /> With that said, I can't legitimately decide whether Che stops the task of engaging an audience for its scattered four-hour plus runtime, but by seeing both segments, I can at least witness to each party's ability to do just that. With a reflective, intricate manuscript combined with endless fascinating photography and nuanced performances that make right the movie's characters without drawing attention to itself, Che Part Two is as compelling and rewarding as its predecessor, but this time with a tragic but uplifting , a confirmatory conclusion fits the film's story pages. <br /> <br /> - A Review by Jamie Robert Ward (http://www.invocus.net)
