Part 2 fetches ... not where the last movie turned off. As part of the quasi convention of Steven Soderbergh's epic 4+ hour event, Che's two stories are told as classic "Rise" and "Fall" scenarios. In the second part, Che Guevara leaves and leaves his position as a bureaucrat in Cuba and after a failed attempt in the Congo (only in passing mentioned in the film) goes down to Bolivia to try to start another revolution through the revolution. Things don't go as well as planned, probably because of Ch's so infamous stature as a communist and revolutionary, and partly because of America's involvement on the Bolivian government, and of course, Castro wasn't really around as a back-up for che. As you can see, the other part of Che is sad, but in some ways smarter than the first part. It makes sense, as Guevara has to endure low morale from his men, treason from him around him, constant grunts at grunts and nearby peasants, and ultimately the encompassing greater military force. But what is more sad is that Guevara, whatever, will not give in. One can see this as an incredible strength or a fatal error - perhaps both - but it is also clear how to start watching Che, if not all the more fully rounded, then something of a more sympathetic character. True, he killed and was executed and felt justified all the way. And yet it begins to work on the viewer in the form of a primary level of shame; The order in which Guevara's health worsens without medication leading up to the shocking stabbing of a horse marks one of the most memorable and satisfying of any movie this year. <br /> <br /> Again, Soderbergh's narrative command is strong if at times it is a bit sluggish (understandable due to the high operating time) and one or two scenes just feel uneven (Matt Damon?), but it's less responsibility. This time for the straightforward color camera approach, this is almost like a purely militant war image, told with great care to the men of the group as well as Guevara as the Lord of this group, and how things diminish the last scene. And as always, Del-Toro is at the top of his game, in every step, every beat that knows this guy so well - better and worse - that he comes as close to the performance as possible. Overall, the two parts of Che make up an impressive package: History as a drama in a convincing style, good for an audience, even though they do not know Che or better if they do not think highly of him. It's so special. 8.5 / 10
