Ironically, the most widely spoken American movie in the 2008 New York Film Festival is 98% in Spanish. The extra-long film's controversy began at the Cannes Festival. There was love hate, and significant doubts about commercial prospects. As comfort, the star, Benicio Del Toro, got the best actress award there. I'm talking about Steven Soderbergh's 'Che' of course. It's the name it does in this version, shown in New York as in Cannes in two 2-hour plus segments without opening titles or end credits. 'Che' is certainly appropriate as Ernesto "Che" Guevara is in almost every scene. Del Toro is impressive, hanging reliably through thick and thin, from days of glorious victory in part 1 to months of humiliating defeat in part two, appealing and simpatico in all his varied manifestations, even disguised as a bald graying man to sneak in in Bolivia. It's a great achievement; you want it to have a better attitude. <br /> <br /> If you are patient enough to sit for over four hours, with a break between the two sections, there are rewards. There is an authentic atmosphere throughout - luckily Soderbergh has decided to film in Spanish (although some of the actors who are oddly enough in the English segments especially wood). You get a good overview of what guerrilla warfare, Che style, was like: teaching, recruiting campesinos, morals, discipline, adversities, and struggles - as well as Che's gradual morphing from a medical doctor to a full-fledged military leader. Using a new 9-pound 35 mm quality RED "Digital High Performance Cine Camera", which was just available in time for filming enabled DP Peter Andrews and his crew to produce pictures that are a little cold but sometimes still sing and is always sharp and smooth. <br /> <br /> The film is in two parts - Soderbergh calls them two "movies" and the plan is to release them commercially as such. Firstly, the 'Argentines', who show Che's leadership in jungle and city battles that led to the fall of Havas at the end of the 50s, and the other are 'Guerilla' and relate to Che's failed efforts nearly a decade later in Bolivia for spearing a revolution, a fruitful mission that led to Guevara's capture and execution in 1967. The second part should have been the original film and was written first and I think first shot. Producer Laura Bickford says part two is more of a thriller, while part 1 is more of an action movie with big fighting scenes. Yes, but both have much in common - too much - since both spend a great deal of their time after the guerrillas through hard land. Guerilla an unmanned downer since the Bolivian rebellion was judged from the start. The group of Cubans who tried to lead it did not receive a friendly reception from the Bolivian campesinos who suspected foreigners, and thought of the Cuban communists as godless rapists. There is a third part, a kind of festive black and white range consisting of Che's speech at the UN in 1964 and interviews with him at that time, but it is embedded in the first segment. The first part also has Fidel and is considerably more optimistic, leading to the victory in Santa Clara in 1959, which led to the fall of Fulgencio Batista dictatorship in Cuba. During 'Guerilla' I continued to think about how this could really act as a quality European-style miniseries that might begin with an abbreviated version of Walter Salles' Motorcycle Diaries and continue to take us to Guevara's fateful meeting with Fidel in Mexico and accession in the July 26 movement. There could be much more about his extensive travel and diplomatic missions. This is far from a complete picture of the man, his childhood interest in chess, his lifelong interest in poetry, the books he wrote; even his international fame is only affected. And what about his hard, cruel side? Really what Soderbergh is most interested in is not Che, but revolution and guerrilla warfare. The lasting impression that 4 + hour leave is of slogging through forest and jungle with wounded and sick men and women and idealistic dedication for a reason to end the rich tyranny. Someone mentioned being reminded of Terrence Malick's 'The Tin Red Line' and yes, the chronic episodic fighting method is similar; but 'The Thin Red Line' has stronger characters (hardly anyone emerges heavily beyond Che), and it's a really good movie. This is an impressive but unfinished and incomplete effort. This 8-year-old, heavily studied love force (how many more Ocean's will have to pay for it?) Is a vanity The project is too long for a regular theater release and too short for miniseries. Radical editing - or greater expansion - would have made it something more successful, and as it is, it is a long battle, especially in the second half. It is clear that this slogging could have been trimmed down, although it is not so clear what shape the resulting film would have taken - but with a little luck it could have been a good idea.
