Precisely skipping everything from the coup in Cuba to his undercover access to Bolivia, part 2 of Soderbergh's portrayal of Che Guevara is the tragic hero. As with Che ?? First, this fair guerrilla warfare flying through the colorful mountains of Bolivia is likely to disappoint more people than it will satisfy. Why was the film (and especially Benicio Del Toro's performance) so highly praised in Cannes? For example, James Rocchi called it, a work of art that is "not just the story of a revolutionary", but "a revolution in itself". Guardian Peter Bradshaw called it a "mistaken masterpiece." Will I return to my original plea for the first part? that the value lies especially in the depiction of a hero figure. And at an age when there is a flood of poor helper models, could it not be beneficial to see a highly honorable one, even though he was removed from some of his less vivid episodes? This is the psychological hero established by the great Scottish essayist, Thomas Carlyle, in his seminal book, Heroes and Hero Worship. Heroes can be genuine or imaginary (or somewhere in between). But should really inspire us to higher goals, a higher purpose. Compare this with the unrealistic 'heroes' in the Western narrative narrative: where a person goes through trials and trials before he gets a scarcely credible reward? usually eternal love or material wealth ?? as with divine study intervention. Real heroes have a surplus of moral courage ?? not lost Ark dare-devilishness or James Bond super-toys. They rise and give others the opportunity to rise, to be the best they can be. In the first part, Che succeeds. In the second part, he fails. It is not for lack of moral courage, but since a) not all good plans can succeed and b) be human, mistakes are inevitable. Guevara's intellectual clarity is deficient when he corresponds to conditions that justify armed struggle with conditions that enable the armed struggle to succeed. It's a serious miscalculation. <br /> <br /> High in the mountains of La Paz, the colors are breathtaking. There is an air of mise-one-scene authenticity that was sometimes lacking in Che-Part One (USA would not allow Soderbergh to film in Cuba.) Visual treats are enhanced by maximizing natural light and extreme flexibility and realism. offered with groundbreaking red cameras. This is a high performance digital cine camera with the quality of 35mm film and the convenience of pure digital. Designed for flexibility and functionality, the package weighs only 9 lbs. "Shooting with RED is like hearing the Beatles for the first time," says Soderbergh. "Red sees the way I look ... so organic, so beautifully tuned to the most natural of phenomena" light. "If Che had stopped the successful Cuban revolution, it would have hailed him with an almost mysterious invincibility. That he fails in Bolivia not only shows that he has human limitations, but that it is his moral virtues that are remembered, not Political Triumph Critics would say and for some reason - that his armed struggle inspired much less noble characters to achieve tin-pot dictatorships, his development of guerrilla struggle tactics is not good or bad in itself (and has since been used for both). <br /> <br /> But for all its commendation, the movie often seems to be lacking in dramatic and narrative excitement, stumbling from one escapade to another, knowing he will eventually meet his death. I found myself looking at my watch and thought it might have been shorter, but the work that has gone into this interview with people from all sides and even getting one of Guevara's ex-comrades to train actors is on minutiae of the Bolivian operations ?? Make the movie a commendable achievement. It may not be in flight entertainment, but it demonstrates integrity in documenting a significant piece of history. <br /> <br /> There is also another very important point in the Che 'hero' figure here. It's about failure. That if you try your utmost, even if you fail, your efforts will not have been in vain because it can give others hope and moral courage. One could cynically call it a 'martyr' complex, and of course it is also found in many religious figures. But Che does not sacrifice himself. He does what he does best to the best of his non-ruthless ability, thus giving an example. Success or failure in a particular case becomes more detail. <br /> <br /> With the US long-standing and illegal blockade of Cuba (all in the name of "freedom"), I'm tempted to write that Che Parts 1 & 2 are too good to be wasted in the United States. But it would be inviting an assertion that the film has sought so seriously to avoid. One must hope that many viewers will have the ability to see Che without politics and the bias that inevitably creates. Whatever its fault, it rehabilitates Soderbergh from the populist rubbish of Oceans 11. <br /> <br /> But if you haven't heard of Che Guevara or seen part One, or you can't get past the phrase 'murderous Marxist' without foam in my mouth, I can fight to imagine what you would get from this movie. The same can be said for many who have and can.
