Now I am not the subject of the genre. In fact, I always tend to shy away from Western because, despite all their critical caches like America's primary stories (or anything), I think I'm perpetually causing tedious retreads of either "shoot up Injuns," the great In other words, it always seemed to me a genre so rooted in and bound to the convention that it left a precious little room for surprise or originality. (And yes, I've seen at least some of the so-called "greats" and unapologetic lumps in this negative review - including Stagecoach, Rio Bravo, My Darling Clementine and of course the infamous [but deeply boring] Clint Eastwood -Sergio Leone teamups in the 60s.) But when I watched this movie on television - as part of a weekend of the weekend at his death - I finally got it: I understood, at least in theory, what the western myths have to offer as a serious thematic concern (except just action and excitement). It is push-pull between lawlessness and order; The American West represented freedom, but also the prospect of the wild, the untamed. Respective people can be injured out there. It meant, of course, that perhaps - perhaps perhaps - it was not meant for respectful folk music, and that the only residents were to be the amorous and the fate of those who ruled the righteousness of their revolver barrel and how killed or killed would ever be the country's law. In such an environment, the true heroes are, of course, those who are ornery and free-spirited enough to be out there first (and then reject "society", at least as it manifested on the eastern coast) and yet have sufficient sense of justice to believe that a society based on chaos and fear is just not right. Catching and examining the difference between law and suffering In the main character I believe (after seeing this movie) the highest and most honest goal of any Western. Unfortunately, this is often not the case, as the white hats are completely white, the blacks are completely black (and let's not even start talking about the Indians, ok) and there are precious little shades of weeping between them. /> <br /> Not in this. Jimmy Stewart plays a blatant hunter who follows the trail of miners before him into the Alaskan desert to look forward to gold. He is associated with this by his lifelong friend, played by Walter Brennan (perhaps the western cliché character to finish them all - yet comfortable here as always) - and no one else. Pointing is they out for themselves, and while Stewart shows his patented charm (come on, we never really liked that guy, now we could?), We are little doubt that he is basically a self-centered, interested character : None of his "gosh" or "oh golly gee" humanism is allowed to come through. Or it should rather be practiced, at the end of the picture, as I have described above. He must confront lawlessness in himself and weigh it against the need for order and justice, which so obviously lacks in the border city, which serves as the miners' point of departure on their gold dust column. This city is controlled by his evil Sheriff, Mr. Gannon, played by John McIntire in one of the best "evil guys" shows I've ever seen. He comes with so much charm and humor and has such a relaxed and interesting report with Stewart that it actually takes a while to recognize that he * is * the bad guy - so when it finally sinks in, it does it with double power. By establishing a kind of breezy (if necessarily preserved) camaraderie between McIntire and Stewart, the movie plays the notion of how close to temperament they really are - and how far a moral distance Stewart has to go at the end of the movie. <br /> <br /> I don't want to go through all the twists and it takes plot to take - see them (as well as the robust and beautiful Alaskan landscape - recorded on the spot, remember you, not cheap painted stills that the studio passed ). What is crucial here is how much this story focuses on character, with great dialogue and character interaction that replaces gunplay much of the time - even though the film has just enough action and adventure to prevent it from becoming static (read: "talky") . Absolutely one of the greatest shows I've seen from Stewart, showing that he could play the redundant, "the man's man" as convincing as the decent and upright guy next door. In fact, his "everyman" qualities give greater strength to his characterization, making him seem less mythical or overblown - such as Eastwood or John Wayne - and more a three-dimensional personality. His relationship with Brennan is well played: discreet but nonetheless touching (with a weak suggestion from George and Lenny from "Of Mice and Men" - a completely different type of "western"). <br /> <br /> I probably have more Westerns to see, but that's currently my favorite and the yardstick I will necessarily judge all the others. It deserves to be much better known and appreciated than it is.
