From the filmmakers who brought us The March of the Penguins, I assume that lots of expectations came with The Fox and Child. From the harsh winters of the South Pole to the lush wilderness of France, the story becomes part of documentary and part adventure that tells of the friendship between the two title figures, the Renard fox and its friendship with the child who baptized it, played by Bertille Noel-Beuneau. The story is quite straightforward, and at times this film would look like the many Japanese films, which child animals adhere to a friendship after the development of trust and how they go about hanging around each other, dealing with respective opponents and the like. Here the child meets the elegant fox near her home up in the mountains, which allows for lots of beautiful picture-postcard perfect shots, which a film photographer must go over to capture. <br /> <br /> But while we indulge in a wild nature, the characters do not have to establish this confidence from the start, and we have to wait a few seasons for the past and 45 minutes into the movie before finding a leveler in food. The child is constantly trying to hit a band with the purpose of taming the creature for its own pleasure, but the fox, as well as other ideas of course. While I thought the story was rather weak, unlike the March of the Penguins, which has the human interpretation of what is happening on the screen, it was here excellent documentary elements that track life and times of life as both a predator, and a prey. <br /> <br /> Between the two, more excitement and drama were given to the latter, especially when dealing with traditional enemies like wolves and granted, these sequences were quite intense, especially when the child was involved in it. Otherwise, it was plain sailing and a bit boring as the two walk around their play with each other, in shots that you know have undergone some movie magic editing. There were surprisingly dark moments in the movie that were not really suitable for children, as they in the same hall confirmed it by suddenly blowing their eyes out, so parents, you might be aware of and not let your young children disturb the rest by the film authority. <br /> <br /> As a movie I would have preferred this to be a complete documentary ala Penguin's March, but I assume it was stubborn, probably had the goal of warning us not to interfere with nature and that Some things just are not meant to be and must remain as such. Decent film leaning on the strength of chemistry between Bertille Noel-Bruneau and the many foxes who played Renard.
