FOX AND CHILD is the latest film from MARCH OF THE PENGUINS filmmaker Frenchman Luc Jacquet. The film, which boasts only one person in his casting, young actor Bertille Noël-Bruneau, tells the story of the rather rare, but apparently credible relationship between a child and a wild fox. <br /> <br /> Party Documentary and Celebration, the film focuses on L'Infant, the child who on his way to school one day comes off a wild fox in a picturesque setting, possibly France, although the exact location never are mentioned. During the coming weeks, the child returns where she found her fox, hoping that one of those days she will see said fox who she starts calling Lily again. And then it goes on. Days turn to weeks, and then the summer disappears, turns to fall and then winter, and spends some amazing film pictures of the sweeping white winter landscape. Eventually spring comes again and the young child finds her fox and actually creates a friendship with the animal. Etc. <br /> <br /> I had little or no expectation for FOX AND THE CHILDREN. I had seen the MARK OF PENGUINS and was simply in awe of the film production contained in that film. Luc Jacquet is a very talented, and in fact rare, filmmaker, and I expect some amazing, breathtaking filmography, sweeping views and glorious wildlife footage. This was delivered in spades. But here Jacquet has a screenwriting credit, and I didn't know anything about the film before the screening, I expected something a little different from what was previously seen in 'March'. A fictional story. <br /> <br /> The child and the fox And the story is simple. A young, seemingly lonely child lives in a house in the middle of the sky and goes to school, apparently alone on his own, apparently without care in a seemingly perfect world. Without a hint of an adult in sight. Brilliant. So she hits a friendship with a fox. <br /> <br /> With a movie like this you have to reject your own opinion about the movie and put yourself in the target audience's shoes. This is a movie directed directly to children from the age I want to say, six and up. Or for families who want a trip to the cinema with their race a wet Sunday afternoon. Not a 31 year old man who gets his kicks off movies like the recent, brilliant WANTED and the like. But I am the beginner London critic, I put in the shoes of a tense eight-year-old girl for the 95 or so minutes of FOX AND THE CHILD. Now I have problems with this movie. As a 31-year-old boy, and loyal lover of all things cinematic, I loved wildlife and landscape photography. It is visually amazing. The direction of the animal character is excellently done - as well as you will find on some of Attenborough's efforts. As an impressive, brief attention spanning eight years old, I loved the first half hour - so I lost interest. It's a bit repetitive and in places pretty hard and bloody scary for a younger child, especially the rather dark end. As a 31-year-old man - I was a little scared in places. Wuss. <br /> <br /> So it's not a child's movie. It's not really an adult movie, and I felt a little let down. It's a good family movie. Depends. It may be educational, and the film carries a message. It's certainly not a movie I would pay it hard earned green to see and I racking my brains to try to recommend it to a particular type of movie goer. It's hard, but I know some will see and fall in love with this movie. It is very European in feeling and certainly, if you are a fan of wildlife themes, try it. Insecure? Now I would wait for the DVD for a wet Sunday afternoon. - Paul Heath, http://www.thehollywoodnews.com, July 2008.
