I really wanted to like this movie and I don't think I was terribly disappointed. Being an American history teacher, I felt a commitment to almost watching this movie, and as far as history went, it wasn't bad. Sure there were some flaws here and there (especially with the timeline - the movie only seemed to last a few months or maybe a year - not over six years of actual fighting), but the movie's overall spirit and battle sequences were excellent. Unfortunately, the film also included a rather meaningless subplot that involved a difficult to believe romance between a poor patriot and a rich loyalist. For the most part, it really served to distract from the overall plot and seemed just "dressed up" - as a plot unit rather than a true honest-to-goodness romance. In fact, so much of the romance was boiled down to the stupid cliché of "love in the eye", it was a little annoying the more I think about it. <br /> <br /> But despite this romance, the movie is really interesting and inspirational --- plus in many ways it seems like the much later movie, THE PATRIOT, was copied from this Griffith movie !!! Both films followed the exploitation of an evil leader fighting for the British and using horrible and evil tactics against civilians - and both have the secret intention of using this as a "springboard" to start their own nation in America !!! The only major difference is that this film is set in the north and THE PATRIOT was in the Carolinas. It would probably have been fine if Mel Gibson and the rest had acknowledged their debt to D. W. Griffith for story ideas. It just doesn't seem likely that the two stories were created independently of each other. <br /> <br /> PS - Although I like this movie and some of Griffith's movies, he again deserves "hell in hell" to have white actors depicting all the black servants in the movie! This is a sick and confused thing that Griffith did in so many of his films - especially in BIRTH OF A NATION. I have to start from this and the way he portrays black that he was okay with slavery, and was quite the apologist for this "picturesque institution" (don't get angry with me - this is considered sarcasm).
