I waited until July 4 to write this because. . . well . . . because it just feels right to do it this day. <br /> <br /> In 1924 D.W. Griffith needed a hit, he hadn't had a big page ORPHANS OF THE STORM (1921). He had worked steadily since then, but his film had been less in reach and had not hit the right chord with the audience. He planned a movie about Patrick Henry when he was contacted by members of The American Revolution's Daughters (DAR) who asked if he could expand his ideas to include more of the American Revolution. This movie is the result. When he was finished, he had a 14-reel history lesson and there was no trace of Patrick Henry anywhere. We all know the story of the Revolutionary War, but Griffith slammed a love story with Patriot peasant Nathan (Neil Hamilton) falling in love with Tory aristocrat Nancy Montague (Carol Dempster, a leading lady for Griffith for years). Complications are the fact that Nancy's father hates Nathan. . . Well not just Nathan, he hates all rebels. It does not help if you sip Nathan's arm, which causes him to discharge his gun and accidentally hurt Nancy's father, during a skirmish on the streets of Lexington. <br /> <br /> Parallelizing the love story is the (mostly true, but partially noble) story of Capt. Walter Butler (Lionel Barrymore) a dismissed British officer who feels he owes faith in none. With thousands of Indians forming the six nations on his side, he hopes to crush the colonies and become a monarch in his own empire. Comparisons with the birth of a nation (1915) are inevitable. The Montague family might as well be Cameron from the previous movie, while Nathan could be part of the Stoneman family. The sequence of the Battle of Bunker Hill is staged much in the same way as a scene in BIRTH OF A NATION with the attacking army, in this case Redcoats, stormed a ditch filled with patriots. The only thing missing is Henry Walthall, who makes over No Man's Land to put a flag into a cannon's nose. Amazingly, the battle scenes in America seem to lack the energy of battle in BIRTH and fail to draw the audience. Something is missing. It is not scope, G.W. "Billy" Bitter's camera work is pretty good. Maybe what's missing is. . . Dare I say so. . . sincerity? The brutality of Capt. Butler and his men are well emphasized, although much of it happens in long shots or offscreen. Don't expect any heads to close in close-up, as we saw in INTOLERANCE (1916). In a scene Butler's second command plays Capt. Hare (Louis Wolhiem) the eyes of a trapped colonist. We only see the beginning of the deed, for the rest of the camera focuses on Hare's face, as he obviously is good at doing this. Lionel had been working with Griffith since 1912. A story goes that he approached Griffith for work and D.W. when he knew about his famous family reputation, said, "I don't hire actors." as Lionel replied, "And I'm not that kind of, sir!" He makes a very good and completely trustworthy villain. Louis Wolhiem performed with Lionel's older brother John three times; in SHERLOCK HOLMES and DR. REFRESH AND MR. HYDE (both 1920) and later in THE TEMPEST (1927). Like Capt. Hare marks his wildly staring eyes and disgusted hair not only him as a villain, but makes you believe he is also angry. <br /> <br /> Later, Neil Hamilton noted that America was his first time on horses and "I was afraid of death." He hides his displeasure very well, and we can believe he was quite a knight when the shot was over. Mr. Griffith was very much in love with Carol Dempster and at one point she asked to marry him. She refused and soon left her stock exchange, after which her stardom gradually declined. <br /> <br /> Talking about horses, an unfortunate entertaining moment that should be uscripted, came during the depiction of Paul Revere's turn. He rides his horse right up on a family porch to announce "To the Arms! The Regular Comes!" but when he tries to leave the horse, he cannot negotiate the stairs backwards and stumbles to waste his rider on the ground! I'm surprised Griffith didn't do another take. <br /> <br /> Is America a Classic? YES! Don't wait July 4th to see it is comfortable anytime.
