This entertaining tacky'n'trashy distaff "Death Wish" copy stars the exceptionally beautiful and reputable Brunette Hottie Supreme Karin Mani like Billie Clark, a leading combat fighter and a woman who destroys the crew that opens up a giant ten gallon drum of captivating chopsocky whup-a ** on various non-rich scuzzy muggers, rapes, drug dealers and street gang members after some unpleasant low-living criminals attacked her beloved grandparents. The astonishingly successful Ms Mani lowers her teeth into her feeble offensive chick part with winning spunky aplombs and pounding shattering guys with contagious joy and carrying her smokers in a couple of totally free but highly valued naked scenes. Unfortunately, Mani has an extremely annoying chew on the hard and shaking voice of the marble, which is a pure murder of the ears (my favorite moment about Mani's questionable publishing of the dialogue arises when she whispers. "Don't spray yourself with girls in the park, it's not great! "after clapping a few abominable hooligans. The lovely Karin's only subsequent movie role was in" Avenging Angel ", where she makes a truly gleaming full-face nude scene, but has no lines.) The single most sensationally spinning sequence of the movie comes out when Mani becomes imprisonment on a contempt of court charge and showing her significantly big things in a group of prison drinking scene. Of course, Mani's mighty lesbian cell friend tries to seduce her only to make her unwanted progress fall back with a serious beatdown! Strangely enough, the lesbian allows Mani and becomes her best friend while she is behind bars. Due to an extra galvanizing shot in the heavily hard arm of Edward Victor's tight direction, a funky rockin score, a huge crumbling action of a game (whose lame), threw a constant creeping pace, many pulled-all-stop Exciting battle scenes, and Howard Anderson III's gritty photography, is this immensely enjoyable down'n'dirty exploitation swill important display for hardcore fans of blithely low-grade low-budget grindhouse cinema junk.
