In 1930, Europe got some shock when Luis Bunuel 'L'Age Dor' was released, causing a rebellion in Paris when it was screened there, resulting in it being banned on anything like over 40 years. Three years later, in 1933, when Europe had come across the shock, it was again on its ears with 'Ecstasy', a symphony (of varieties) to love. The movie starred a young, unknown German actress named Hedwig Kiesler, who would later change her name to Hedy Lamarr as she moved to America to escape Adolf Hitler's madness, like Eva, a young bride who has just married a cold. remove beloved man (played by Emil Jerman), only to discover that she has made a big mistake. One divorce later, Eva is free of foot and is out for a day, shining in a lake when she discovers Adam, a beautiful young engineer (played by Aribert Mog) who takes a really fancy on her (and she , him). After a wild passion's night, Eva's former husband turns back and hopes to win Eve back to find that he now has a rival. I don't want to spoil what happens. The Czech director, Gustav Machaty (who directed the original screen version of 'Madam X', another parable of romantic obsession) comes from a play by Jacques Koerpel, Frantisek Horky & Machaty, from the novel by Robert Horky. The film is velvety filmography (which reminded me of the Avant Garde photographer, Man Ray's photos of the era, which goes to some impressionistic use of light and shadow, much) is by Hans Androschin & Jan Stallich). The movie's quick editing is by Antonin Zelenka & the film's art direction, which goes to a lush, almost Art Deco look, is by Bohumil Hes). If I have something bad about this movie, it is the music track, by Giuseppe Becce, who goes for an over the top, melodramatic feel for what grows old fast (some themes are repeated over and over, wearing it's welcome, fast - - Like some of David Lee's over-exploitation of certain musical themes, especially in 'Lawrence Of Arabia' and 'Dr. Zhivago'). Some years back, a whole new restored print was made of the best source material that was stuck together from various European existing prints, and restored it to what may be the closest version of what it originally looked like before the Vatican condemned it as "decadent" "(yes, just ... just as the Church never did anything wrong), and the Hayes office cut it off as it was finally released in the United States in 1936 in an approved cut (" Hayes Office "). Minimal dialogue in German with English subtitles (it was supposed to be a mainly visual experience). Not rated but contains the infamous nude, skinny dipping scene by Hedy Lamarr (done tastefully, mind you) and some suggestions for sexual content (the same) that would hardly make it a PG-13 rating, today. Worth to see if you have any interest in the early European cinema or the Avant Garde / Experimental Cinema
