I can't comment on this movie without discussing its importance to me personally. As a child I prevented myself from going to a movie theater. I came across movies at the end of 2. World War I through Roger Manville's amazing penguin book "Film" which gave me so much joy when my health began to improve that I could wish that I could buy another copy to read today. My introduction to many classic films like The Battle-Potemkin, Drifters (Grierson's magnificent documentary), Metropolis, Cabinet of Dr. Caligari and Ecstasy; first came through this book and later at my university art house cinema. Ecstasy had incurred the Vatican's wrath to condemn Eve's alien of Emil, her subsequent divorce and the short swim she took in the wave, but Roger Manville ignored these trivial cases and discussed the movie as a triumphant, unrelentingly beautiful visual break to love - a view echoes of many IMDb users. A very lonely young man, when I saw it, I deliberately voted. No further opportunity to see Ecstasy emerged until the introduction of home videos - then it had become a worthy memory for not being disturbed. Recently, I finally added Ecstasy to my home video and found this review very superficial. Ecstasy is much more of a parable of the continuity of human existence, to which individual lives are insignificant - perhaps a tribute to what Bernard Shaw used in his aggressive agnostic writings to denote the 'life force'. <br /> <br /> Ecstasy depicts a young bride with a middle-aged man whose sex flow is no longer strong. Disappointed, she returns home and differs from him. Immediately afterwards, she experiences a strong common attraction for a young virile man she meets while riding. She loves for the first time and it is an overwhelming experience. Her former husband can't face rejection and gives the young man a boost in his car that intends a passing train to kill both of them on a level crossing. But the train stops in time, and the apparently sick driver is taken to recuperate at a nearby hotel where he later commits suicide by shooting himself. Following these exciting climacteric sequences, a gentle, predictable and almost inevitable conclusion emphasizes that while individual human lives display both joy and tragedy, life continues to carry us all forward in its flow, and only by contributing to this flow can we be truly happy . This story is thin, the play is no more than sufficient; and usually such a film would have disappeared in the garbage, like most of its contemporaries, long ago. What has given Ecstasy its classic status is extraordinary cinematography, a continuous lyrical score and very careful love, combined with something lost but cinematically very important - it seemed just after the introduction of sound and was probably planned as a silent movie . It is the subtitle, and its director has exploited the effect of short verbal sequences that accompany some subtitles, and occasionally breaks into the score that so lovingly carries the film forward. This makes it not only almost unique but extremely rewarding to see. The parable in the story is stressed constantly, but so subtly that it is only when one reflects on the view that one becomes fully aware of it. For example, the names are called - Eve and Adam; Emil's obsessive behavior on his wedding night, showing that trivia has become the most important thing in his life and preached his possible suicide as he has no proper purpose to sustain him; The ongoing series of beautiful sequences depicting erotic imaging (a bee pollinating a flower, a key into a lock, a breaking necklace during Eva's virgin lovemaking sequence with Adam, etc.); and the final suicide sequences that could have been filmed in many different ways, but serve to reject the importance of individuals performing some kind of work that contributes positively to society, and to revitalize to sustain this society after us. even pass on. <br /> <br /> As a 1933 movie I would rate this at 9 - even comparing it with modern works, I didn't want to reduce this under 8. For me, the movie will always remain a "must see" (though you might feel that my background remarks above show some bias in this judgment). Unfortunately, in North America, simultaneous reviews of this film have been distorted by the extreme 1930's reaction to Hedy Kiesler's very short and relatively immaterial nude scene that she had difficulty living in Hollywood (some critics who clearly have not seen such classic films as the hypocrites , Hula, Back to God's Land, the Bird of Paradise or some of the early works of DW Griffiths and CB deMille, have even mistakenly referred to this as the first appearance of a nude actress in a feature film. This scene was probably part of the original novel, and the movie would have been very different if the director had chosen to rewrite it. <br /> <br /> Two more thoughts; First, it was a Czech film released in 1933. The final message of hard work that generates positive benefits for society must have seemed superficial to its viewers as their country was given the first victim of Nazi repression. and almost destroyed for at least two generations (I can't remember these sequences being screened just after the war when I first saw this movie - were they removed from that copy I saw then?). Secondly, for me, its main message today is that things with true beauty are often very transient, even though their memory may remain with one for life. We should all be grateful that today some of them can be captured on camera and seen again for our convenience.
