First, let's get the "hoopla" out of the way. Hedy Lamarr was considered one of the most beautiful of women and the films were a perfect medium for many to see her beauty on display. Here we have Hedy as a young fresh -faced 20-year-old speaking in her native Austrian. I recently purchased a 1990 uncensored version of this 1932/3 classic. Yes, we see a short close-up of Hedy just from the waist up, but even though she filmed swimming and running horse scenes naked director Gustav Machaty uses the front of branches, reflections in puddles, medium and long shots to show her so in this famous scene ; So do not imagine that there is any wild close-up or clinches. Her boyfriend, Pierre Nay keeps his clothes at all times. You are pretty daring for his day, but how innocent it now looks in the 2003 eyes. As other learned reviews have said, this film should be explored for the imagination, expressionism, and allegorical statements that make with images of water droplets forming a ripple on the surface of a pale water, agricultural machinery, landscapes etc. Sweet sounding stretches for most of Extase's length, and the film has a "feel" of a transition between silent and sound in direction and concept. The scripture is extremely minimalist and economical, as the story is mainly given through facial and body movements with just a few words of German spoken by the actors with English subtitles. Although these few words seem almost redundant in the general lyric vein that runs through the film. <br /> <br /> Put simply, this is the story of a young girl wh o marrying a much older man (why we are never told, and what did Eva look like anyway? money?) who is so trapped in an invincible and loving marriage. She returns to her father who has left her husband and her father has to lie to his son-in-law. After a ride on the horse, Eva decided to take a swim in the buffers and put the clothes on the horse's saddle. However, her horse gets romantic ideas and gallops to greet her staff. out of the lake naked and trying to restore his mountain, but an engineer at work sees and picks up the horse and looks for his owner. And then the romance is born. Her husband sees that his rival must win Eve, later he decides to shoot himself but I thought this was rather illogical and its greatest weakness in view of his former love affair with Eva. <br /> <br /> Despite being a 1990 VHS re-release title, the 70-year-old sound is a bit soft and with background sprinkles, in line with film of its age. After a mourning period our beautiful girlfriend is of course so in love with Eva that he imagines her as a mother with an infant so we must assume that they live happily ever after. Just let the cart wash over you and disabuse your mind about the style of film even in the late 1930s vintage. This is a lyrical piece that can be enyoyed for your own sake and not just for its eye-catching title. I gave it 7/10.
