(There is no need to assemble the plot as others have already done so.) <br /> <br /> It is understandable that many viewers find fault with the movie, raised as we are with slam-bang sensurround of today's cineplex experience . Against this background, a movie like Ecstasy seems to have migrated from another planet. I think there are more valuable reasons for that. Most importantly, the film unfolds poetically as the camera pans slowly over surrounding hills, trees, clouds, etc., giving a calm and lyrical feeling of a natural world integrating man and woman into his fold. Together, they reveal a style and dimension that are almost completely lacking in today's technology-driven cinema, where fast-burning editing works to divert attention from the audience and not concentrate it. In addition, the story is conveyed by eye and not by ear, with almost no dialogue to explain what is happening. This is another extreme departure from today's very literal fare, where images only seem to count when they span the audience. But perhaps most disturbing - the movie is sometimes eerily quiet, not in the sense that silent movies are quiet, as we expect them to be. But in the sense that the characters rarely speak when we expect them. Thus, the burden of the story is shared between the film maker and the viewer. The former must choose their images visually to convey the narrative, while the latter must think of these images, as they will not be explained. None of this is intended to detract from today's film-making. It is simply pointing out that a movie like Machatys comes out of a very different aesthetic than the one we have today. I also do not claim to be better or worse. However, I argue that Ecstasy is a perspective that lacks much from today's movie experience, where such "contemplative values ​​are routinely dismissed as slow and boring. <br /> <br /> The movie itself is not a masterpiece, but sometimes it The artistic heights that in the beautifully composed beer-garden scene with its final crane shot rise to reveal the exquisite tableau below.The country's slow pans with its pantheistic celebration of life, nature and regeneration are also wonderfully expressed. that does not overwhelm you, but instead - given a half chance - accumulate quietly in an experience as memorable in its own way as the spines' tips of a "jaw". <br /> <br /> On the other hand, the film is sometimes heavy-handed, as when Machaty piles on the picture, especially in the last, ode-to-work sequence, it is hard to know what to do about this rather disturbing presence. royal dimension, which hard work holds for love hero and people in general - a theme which is then promoted by the influential Soviet cinema. Yet its presence here is quite boring over-done. <br /> <br /> In any case, I must admit that I first set out to see the beautiful Hedy LaMarr in the buff. But now I have to admit that in the process I also have much more than just a look in the forest.
