Ecstasy (1933) (USA 1940) Contributing Hedy Lamarr (as Hedy Kiesler) <br /> <br /> The world's first glimpse of a 19-year-old Hedy Lamarr appears in the early moments of this 1930's treasure as she sweeps across the screen in an English wedding dress. This should be the start of a legendary career. It was our glorious introduction to the most beautiful woman ever to grace the silver screen. It is Eva's (Lamarr) wedding ceremony and her older husband seems uninterested in his romantic progress. She retires to the lonely bed, and in a beautiful scene she fades with her wedding ring when the realization of her marriage error overcomes her. The man seems more interested in cleanliness and order than he does in love. Gustav Machaty uses beautiful camera angles and pristine shooting frames to capture Lamarr's great talent and beauty. With no words spoken in the early part of the film, she can understand our sympathy, our hearts, and our support. It is the combination that prepared the 1930s for what they should see when the film was unfolded. 'Ecstasy' was considered shocking for its time. Some thought it was outrageous. She returns to her father's property and files for divorce. The next day she wakes up with a complete sense of freedom and happiness. She has to go outside and feel the freedom of the countryside and fresh air. Eva goes for a riding trip and takes over a beautiful lake. And in one of the most famous scenes in film history, Hedy Lamarr became the first person to ever get naked in a big movie. Her frolic in the woods and her skinny-deep adventure in the lake was legendary outrageous. But the audience couldn't stay away. As in many of today's films, the controversy made it a must-see movie. Eva's quirky adventure introduces her to a beautiful young man who helps her find her horse that had ridden her clothes. After an awkward meeting, they eventually fall for each other. Their first romantic rendezvous was almost as controversial as the naked scene with its blatant waves of eroticism. However, Machaty does beautiful work in these romantic moments. Machaty creates a nice moment when Eva literally seems to sink into her new lover, using a beautiful early camera trick. It cannot be overstated how brave this performance was on the Lamarr side. Many may have assumed it was a career suicide. Instead, it gained her worldwide fame and got the eye Louis B Mayer, who signed her for a contract with MGM. There are some really erotic moments in this movie, even by today's raunchy standards. It is impossible to imagine how they were received in the 1930s. Again, Machaty was very smart with his imagery and left much to the imagination. But we all understand very well what we see and it is very well done. <br /> <br /> The meeting of Eve's former husband and her current lover may be inevitable. However, the consequences of this meeting are not. The film takes some unexpected turns in its final action, and it all makes a fantastic story and a nice debut on the movie star film for Hedy Lamarr. <br /> <br /> I highly recommend this once controversially, now tame movies and encourage you to find it out in its restored form on DVD. It is easy to pay if it is only for pleasure to see Hedy Lamarr. But the story is also convincing, and the direction is ahead of its time. 'Ecstasy' is a memorable early treasure. <br /> <br /> www.tccandler.com - TC Candler's Movie Reviews !!!
