I can understand how fans of the filmmaker Roman Polanski could love this movie - and I could understand how some could totally hate it. (Ebert was one of the few who couldn't understand why people didn't run out of the theater). After a first impression I am not sure that I could fall into any category, but as one that cannot get enough of Kafka and bizarre, dark comedies of paranoia. The tenant is efficient enough for his time. Or maybe not - this is one of the cases where it could have been more of a masterpiece if it was a half-hour Twilight Zone episode where Serling delivered coda as Terkovsky (or who it might be (?)) Writhes in his bed in bandages. It is very similar in the treatment of the sentenced protagonist like Repulsion, but it could be argued that there was more ambiguity, more of a surrealistic feeling that comes out through a persistent degradation of character and location (and, frankly, a better leading) than the tenant. As it stands, the tenant has an exciting premise, the kind that one is not tired to tell other people: Polanski is a Polish emigrant to Paris, who takes an apartment recently acquired by Simone Choule, who jumped to her near death out of window and died shortly after. But the other tenants are conservative to the maximum in terms of noise; After a Saturday night at Terkovsky with some friends, there are complaints about too much noise. It won't happen again, says Polanski's good-natured but slightly nervous tenant, but there is no peace even by moving a closet or chair. Soon will complaints be filed against another tenant, but from him? Can he register complaints? This is the case with not so much wrong identity, but there is a lack of peace of mind with itself and the surrounding people. As the downward spiral continues, Polanski excites excitement and shows Terkovsky in the midst of a horrible dream - one of Polanski's strongest scenes from the period - and finding teeth in the wall, not to mention the bathroom across the road (which I maybe adding is always a cinematic lynch pin of horror and surreal madness. But somehow the film doesn't really feel all that significant aside from its exaggerated design as a will-f *** machine, with Terkovsky's tenants, it doesn't seem to be what they seem for a while: there isn't So much excitement when they find out that they really are not out to get him, making paranoia more self-fulfilling. At least once or twice I also thought of myself 'why did the Polanski take the title role for himself?' It is not that he is a bad actor at all, and he has appeared in several films and games that are not in his own direction. But apart from being terrific to look awkward and tense, as in the church or in his moments of kind flipping out, thinking that they are really out to make him kill himself, his transformation is less scary than heavy-in-cheek, a test of itself to see if he can pull it off, which he doesn't quite do. Despite the fact that Polanski worked well to look like the delicate and frazzled Terkovsky, I could see at least a few other actors who could pull it off with more subtlety and affect personality. At the time you see him in a row, it goes between venerable and true camps, especially when he goes to double-climax at the end (which, of course, is a little surprising). <br /> <br /> And yet, there is pleasure for the movie buff and the Polanski fan to watch the supportive cast, try digging into the much more ambiguous characters (Winters and Douglas do this best, though they have to be strapped through limited figures) and unexpected moments like Polanski and Adjani become hot and heavy during a Bruce Lee movie, or when he gets really full or in an almost random scene where he beats a child near a fountain, it is quite brilliant in itself . It's a very good movie, and one that might keep my attention up when there is too much coffee after midnight. But an important movie? Not exactly.
