One thing I am sure is that anyone who has seen this movie agrees that it is very scary. The other films in Polanski's unofficial trilogy are also incredible, but they are all different in what makes them scary, but they are basically all about the same thing they all deal with the mind. Absolutely the staring people are very scary, each of them shaking his back, making me unable to sit still. Again, if you have seen the other two mentioned films, you are sure that you find this pretty scary because you start expecting typical Polanski traits that you think you've caught on, he is aware of this and will continue with To bother you with simple things, personally every time Trelkovsky would slowly turn around, I would blow myself for a jump, maybe it's just me, but it felt like the intention to do it, even though it was quite subtle, is there no building of the music in them moments. <br /> <br /> The action in this was pretty good, mostly from Polanski of course, the other characters in the movie don't have much time to shine the lead. Polanski proves himself as a versatile big film maker, he can not only lead and write great movies, but he can actually act as well. I do not think there is any other better person who could have drawn the Trelkovsky character, Polanski settled perfectly. I like watching movies where the instructor is also separated from the maincast, for me it really highlights their amazing versatility and talent that I respect a lot. <br /> <br /> One thing I did not like about this movie is how it was done in English For those who do not know, this is a French film, American funded, and to make it more commercially successful it became mostly done in English. There are parts that it is very obvious that there has been dubbing, and I do not know why it is, but 3/4 of the time when there is a dub, they get the complete wrong person to dub. There is a woman in the movie who when she speaks it is obvious it's a dub, but they got the most annoying person to make voice-over, it was seriously pain for my ears to hear her talk, she had the highest high tone voice I've heard about a while, it seemed almost fake, but I can't see what the meaning was, she was a pretty small sign. I would honestly have preferred if they just left it as it was filmed, parts of it in French and parts of it in English, because it was a pain and not close (two very different movies I know) high standard on another movie who did a similar thing that was the good, the bad and the ugly. I realize it's not a big problem, just when you realize it will be annoying, but I'm sure you won't be there, the long attempt to lip read what they actually say, regardless if you know French. What is so good about Polanski is that he will let you know you know him, you know his style, as in some aspects you do, but really, you can't see what's behind that corner . This film is much more open to interpretation than the other two mentioned films, which I believe really reinforce this particular. Personally, I feel that this is the best of the three I am uncertain about coming next, but they are all relatively close to their level of greatness. The finish is great, it's so easy to choke on it for a long time to come and go nowhere. I choose not to think much about it just to get my personal opinion and leave it. <br /> <br /> I've hit on, and I haven't really given any insight into what makes this movie so great, I don't think so I do it quickly here. If you liked Repulsion and / or Rosemary's Baby, I guarantee you will enjoy this movie for at least. For those who are too unlucky to have seen either, I recommend you check out this movie if you are looking for something that is quite a creepy movie that is quite intelligent, especially the end, as well, if you are looking for something that deals with the mind, paranoia itself, although it is better fitted under the repulsion.
