Here is the example of a movie that was not well received when it was made, but whose standing seems to grow in time. The 'tenant' is an interesting work by Polanski, one of the first of his European exiles. It is located in Paris, and as in so many other exile films, the city, its streets, the Seine and especially the building where the action takes place play an important role. It's just that Polanski chooses his protagonist not to be American (as in "Frantic" for example), but a pole that he himself was when he went west. In fact, there is a lot of personal commentary in this movie, made on what has been a time of crisis in the director's life, and the fact that he decided to play the lead (and masterfully) can also be seen as some kind of exorcism. <br /> <br /> It's kind of a circle story. The hero, called Trelkovsky, rents an apartment in the old Parisian building, inhabited by what apparently is first a well-stocked team of grumpy old or just ridiculous neighbors. The former tenant tried to commit suicide by jumping out of the window of the flat, and Trelkovsky just had time to visit her in the hospital before she died and met her young and beautiful friend Stella (an actor Isabelle Adjani in her first role after Truffaut's 'L'histoire d'Adele H.'). Soon, the neighbors do not seem to be what they are, it is a conspiracy that makes him mad, or to get him into the life and role of the dead girl. He fights, tries to run, enters the game and ends by entering the circle and slowly becoming her. The circle is closed. <br /> <br /> It is not the most credible story we may have seen or heard, but the strength of the movie is not in the story but in the details of psychology, in the slow degradation of the hero's mental state in the permanent balance game between reality and error. To some extent, it is not what happens on the screen that matters, but how it happens, recalls the classic 'Knife in the water' made more than a decade before, at the end of Polanski's Polish period. There are many details that are never explained, but then that is how mystery movies should be, and that is how life is sometimes. The feeling of claustrophobia slowly damages the viewer. Unfortunately, some of the graphical details of the last part of the film are not so well done, and the English-speaking dialogues (the film is made in English) almost neutralize the overall atmosphere. However, it is very worth the patience waiting for the final punch scene. It is not the best film that Polanski made, but has many good parts, it shows the hand and style of the director and was an important step in building his career.
