When this film opened back in 1976, the legend has it that it was met with massive hunter and contempt - it was commonly considered a failure. I remember alive that Ebert gave it a star and it was apparently booed in Cannes. Presumably, these people did not understand the movie, which is not so difficult to understand, as it is very esoteric, dark and layered in ways that still amaze me. Reading through many of the reviews here I find (even after about 7-8 views over the years) many elements in the film that I had previously glanced over. But even without understanding the psychological foundations of history, it's still a bursting suspense ... even if you just take the escalating paranoia and persecution that overcomes Polanski's title character as a tsunami wave during the two-hour run. <br /> <br /> Examine the source material --- an excellent novel by undervalued novelist Roland Topor --- reveals more exciting layers. Polanski's Trekovsky is a milquetoast of the highest order. Although he first seems to be another mild daily soul, one gradually realizes that he is one of those people who seem to be looking forward to life so that it leads him. He seems to have few strong feelings about his likes and dislikes. He finds himself gently pushed in this way and it, but never seems to be too bent out of shape regardless. This vague form of wishy washyness is more visible in the novel than the movie, but there are also hints about it early in the movie. <br /> <br /> A game for a woman's apartment, a Mademouiselle Choule who is in the hospital, recovers from a recent suicide attempt, seems to be the most daring thing he has tried (even effectively scaling down the price of deposit in the purchase). He quickly finds, however, that he pays for his "good things" in more ways than he cares when he finds himself in the midst of the flow of flour created by a building full of neurotic control reactions that are hypersensitive to even the smallest sign in human life, like a footprint at night or a knock on the door. <br /> <br /> Instead of taking a stand, Trelkovsky has increasingly been alienated by the situation and taken over by paranoia and a sense of persecution. He is obsessed with Choule and imagines to be like her, dressing like her, etc. As his own personality quickly begins to be erased by his own madman. <br /> <br /> If anyone ever doubted Polanski's fearlessness as an artist, they would be well-informed to see this movie. His trademark black humor is prominent (and sometimes embarrassing) on ​​the screen here and --- God bless him --- he makes it himself. It's a tour de force performance in one of the richest, most risky, most gothic horror movies ever made. That more people have not seen it is a true crime.
