After his classic film Noir-Homage Chinatown Roman Polanski returned to the themes that had given him his greatest hits in the 60s with this frightening psychological horror, which, like Repulsion and Rosemary's Baby, deals with paranoia and claustrophobia generated by the occasion . <Br /> <br /> Claustrophobic environments are those that Polanski is best at creating, and this must be the most tight and limited image he has ever created. The weight on side walls and distant vanishing points is greater than ever, and even in the small number of exterior scenes, the sky is rarely glittering. But the Tenant is not only limited spatially, but also in the intensity with which it focuses on the main character. Trelkovsky, which Polanski himself plays, is not just in every scene, he is in virtually every shot. When he is not on the screen more often than not, the camera becomes Trelkovsky's point of view. And of course, almost everywhere he looks, he sees his own reflection staring back at him in a mirror. <br /> <br /> I can't think of any movie about the internalization and loneliness of a character. Some psychological thrillers, like M or Peeping Tom, manipulate us to get upset with the mentally ill protagonist. Others, such as Psycho, are attempting in-depth scientific analysis of his mental state. Tenants fit in none of these categories ?? It deepens us all the way into Trelkovsky's experience without demanding that we actually understand or appreciate what is going on inside his head. We feel his paranoia and obsession, even though it is constantly revealed to us that they are irrational. <br /> <br /> Polanski was also a champion of the slowly unfolded horror movie. Often in his horrors, there is an ambiguity as to whether there is actually anything scary going on, but they are among the most effective in scary audiences. Why? Precisely because they unfold so slowly and invest so much time in carefully creating situations that they immerse the viewer in paranoia. A much later Polanski horror, the ninth port is part of a root plot-wise, but at least it still manages to achieve the frightening sense of fear. <br /> <br /> This is a rare chance to see Polanski himself in a big role. His talent in front of the camera was as good as behind it, and he is perfect as the sad Trelkovsky. Another standout performance is the all too often overlooked Shelley Winters as a concierge. In fact, it is rather a stellar cast, although many of the well-known faces look out of place in this strange, gothic European movie. Unfortunately, many of the French actors supporting roles are terribly baptized in the English language version. The tenant is more polished and less pretentious than rejection, but it lacks the excitement and the sign that makes Rosemary's Baby so exciting and entertaining. The tenant is good, without major flaws, and Polanski was really on top form as an instructor, but it is not among his most poignant works.
