Anthony Mann's westerns with Jimmy Stewart are slowly winning for the director a position with John Ford and Howard Hawks as the best film director in that genre. He certainly knows how to give dimension to the cozy guy Stewart - in Mann's film there is an edge for Jimmy, who is slowly being demonstrated to the audience. In WINCHESTER '73, the relationship between Stewart and his brother and how it twists him into a revenge. Here it is a "I trust only myself" attitude that leads to a complication after another. Even before the movie starts right, he (like Jeff Webster) kills two of his hired cowboys who help on a cattle drive to Seattle because of a disagreement (we are never aware of it - either they would leave the cattle drift or they tried to steal cattle). <br /> <br /> He meets his battle in Skagway, the port he has to come to take his crew to Dawson. Skagway's manager is a so-called lawyer named Gannon (John McIntyre), reminiscent of one of Skagway's true boss in "Gold Rush" Jefferson "Soapy" Smith and Judge Roy Bean. The problem is that neither Smith nor Bean would have been as tired as Gannon by making every opportunity a chance to make some money. Stewart's crew interrupted a public hanging - so (as a fine) seized the crew (sold later to Gannon's profits). <br /> <br /> Stewart is partner with Ben (Walter Brennan - who strangely won his last Oscar player Judge Roy Bean). They are also with Rube Morris (Jay C. Flippen) and also meet two women, the sophisticated Rhonda Castle (Ruth Roman) and the friendly and helpful Renee Vallon (Corinne Calvert). Rhonda works closely with Gannon, but had helped Jeff earlier escape the Seattle authorities. But she has a similar "I just trust me" attitude to Jeff. She offers him employment to get supplies for herself to Dawson. He, Ben and Rube go, but at night (while the others are sleeping) they go back and steal their cattle. Renee follows and warns them as Gannon and his fellow men follow. Jeff holds off Gannon long enough to bring the cattle herd across the Canadian border, although Gannon points out that since Jeff has to return using Skagway Gannon, he can wait until he does so to hang him. <br /> <br /> The reunited party Rhonda and Jeff split the track to go to Dawson, Jeff and chose a longer and safer route. After he has proven right, they go their way and only Dawson find that there is a lawless element that threatens society because of the gold fields. The crew is sold to Rhonda, and Jeff, Ben, Rube and Renee start exploration. There are soon two groups in the town of Dawson. One led by Connie Gilchrist and Chubby Johnson will build a decent city. But Mounties will not set up a station in Dawson for months. The other, who centers around "Dancehall" run by Rhonda, is in cahoots with Gannon, who has a great claim jump scheme using his gang of gunslingers (Robert J. Wilke - really scary in a row with Chubby Johnson and Jay C. Flippen, Jack Elam and Harry Morgan). Jeff wants to steer off both, and head with his new wealth and Ben for a ranch they want in Utah. But do they want to get there? And will Jeff stay neutral? The performance is dandy here, including Stewart as a man who is willing to meet anyone coming, but otherwise would be peaceful enough. Brennan plays one of his patented old codgers, whose love of good coffee has unexpectedly poor results. The flip is first full, but tragedies and responsibilities shake him to a better frame of mind - and one who has a chance to verbally stab Stewart in the heart using Stewart's own words against him. McIntyre would achieve stardom on television in WAGON TRAIN, replacing Ward Bond, but his work on Mann's film shows his abilities as a villain (like his trading post-opportunist who settles in WINCHESTER '73). He is, as said elsewhere on this thread, really dizzy - but he has a sense of humor. Roman is an interesting mix of opportunist and human whose fate is determined by her better feelings. And Calvert is both a voice of conscience and a boundary "Gigi" aware that she is more than a young girl but a budding woman. Best of all is the Canadian rockies backdrop - so wonderful in its way as the use of Monument Valley by John Ford. Mann certainly did a first rate job leading this movie and the viewer would appreciate the results.
