Roman Polanski is considered one of the most important directors of our time, as the mind behind classics such as "Rosemary's Baby" and "Chinatown". Probably what makes Polanski's cinema a very interesting one is that while he is able to create commercially attractive films like the aforementioned masterpieces, he is also happy to make low-profile films that are more personal. "Le Locataire", or "The Tenant", is one of those films; a horror / thriller story of paranoia and obsession that is among his best works and probably among the best horror movies ever made. Polanski himself plays Telkovsky, a young man looking for an apartment in France. When he finally finds one, he discovers that it is empty because the former tenant, Simone Choule, tried to kill himself by jumping out of the window. After Simone dies of the injuries, Trelkovsky begins to become obsessed with her to believe that her death is caused by the rest of the tenants in the building. <br /> <br /> While sharing the same claustrophobic feeling of his other "apartment-themed" movie ("Repulsion &" Rosemary's Baby "), this movie focuses on the bizarre conspiracy that may or may not be entirely In Trelkovsky's head, the catastrophic effects of paranoia on his mind and the bizarre obsession he has with the former renter. that Polanski works that way, because Trelkovsky is supposed to be acting like that, as a simpleton with almost no life, trapping in this crazy part of the world, which happens to be inhabited by a collection of bizarre people. The building that created memorable characters th at is very important for the film's success. <br /> <br /> The beautiful film that Polanski deals with in the movie also helps to increase the feeling of isolation and give life to the beautiful building that serves as a cage for Trelkovsky. The frightening images that Polanski uses to convey the feeling of sensation, and madness, are of a supernatural beauty that makes them both scary and attractive. <br /> <br /> If there is a bug in the movie, it is definitely a bit slow first. this may sound like a trade-off, but in reality the slow pace of the beginning works perfectly, as it mimics Trelkovsky's own boring life and how gradually he enters another kingdom. Also, the merged story is certainly not easy to understand because of the many complex layers it has. But more than one mistake, it is a pleasure to meet a thought-provoking plot like this. <br /> <br /> While the "Tenant" may not be for everyone, they are interested in psychological horror and surreal stories will be happy with the experience. "Le Locataire" is really one of Roman Polanksi's masterpieces. 10.10
