This is mostly a story of the growing relationship between Jeff Webster (Jimmy Stewart) and Ronda Castle (Ruth Roman). She immediately looks to Jeff in a brief meeting on the steamship deck for Skagway and a longer glance as he hides in her cabin while the authorities are seeking him for a murder charge. They find that they have some things in common besides an expensive attraction. Neither did trust a member of the opposite sex, apparently because both have been married to spouses who cheated them. Gradually, they learn to trust each other as they travel from Skagway to Dawson. But Ronda obviously has close ties with the corrupt Sheriff Gannon and engages in some shady exercises in her castle salon in Skagway. She must eventually choose between Gannon and Jeff. Meanwhile, Rene, a young, naive French woman, also takes immediate taste to Jeff, but gets only offensive brush sacrifice in return. Still, she goes with him in his travels from Skagway to Dawson and his activities around Dawson. Along with Ronda, she nurses him back to health after Jeff's death for Gannons gunslingers by his gold claim. Walter Brennan, like Ben, serves as Jeff's long sidekick. He does not have a flabby role, but serves to soften Jeff's hard edges. His death is symbolically opened the door of a woman's companion replacement for Jeff. <br /> <br /> John McIntire (like Sheriff Gannon) probably makes the most charismatic evil city manager you will ever watch movies, oozing charm and humor to go along with his bullying. He obviously sees something about himself in Jeff, who repeatedly declares that he will like him. He makes a credible incarnation of the infamous Soapy Smith, who spent his last years in Skagway, as one of the leading kings of his times. Jeff is the quintessential antihero, a lonely (except for companion Ben) who will not keep the neck out to others even when he knows he is the only real man for the job. In this respect, he looks very much like Burt Lancaster's character in "Vera Cruz". Thus, Jeff not only kills Dawson Marshall, he is convinced to leave Dawson after Gannon's gang, intentionally taking over everyone's insufficient legal gold claims while disposing of some miners and suggesting the rest hurried to depart from Dawson. Even Ronda suggests that she and Jeff make a quick exit from Dawson while still living. Then Jeff has a sudden heart change, apparently still caring for revenge to shoot Ben and himself. He changes from anti-hero to hero in leading the expulsion of Gannons gang from Dawson. In this regard, he differs from Lancaster's character, which never reforms (But is Jeff really changed or just giving revenge for evil committed against his own interests?) The main problem I see with the plot is the 2 principle women. It is clear that Ronda is characterized as the real woman to tame Jeff. Although she is clearly characterized as a "bad" girl, Jeff has recently skipped past herself, having shot at least 5 men in the US or Yukon and has stolen his cattle back from Gannon. Ironically, after Jeff switches from anti-hero to hero, Rhonda makes a similar change in running into the street to warn Jeff of Gannon's impending ambush. She dies as a result, and Jeff asks her why she is not just looking out for herself (his seemingly just abandoned creed!). Clearly, Corine Calvert, like Renee, just doesn't make a credible substitute for the dead Ronda in Jeff's mind. Still, the apparent implication of the farewell scene is that they come together even though Jeff never gives her a kiss or hug. Her image as a good, whose naive young woman is somewhat compromised by her job in the Rhonda's salon with bumping miners, weighing their gold dust, pushes the spilled dust on the floor and recovers it later. I'm also very unclear about her relationship with Rube Morris, a middle-aged miner who follows her around and is working on a demand from her. (He's not her father). Another problem is the amateur handling of the gun battle between Jeff and Gannons gang. If Gannon had a skill with a gun at all, he should have killed or seriously injured Jeff under this boardwalk before Jeff did the same for him. And how did Jeff's poorly shot right hand suddenly feel good enough to shoot a gun with apparent ease? I also wonder what Jeff and friends did to help save lava victims. They were too far away to pull them out alive under the snow. And why wasn't most of Ronda's pack horses and mules buried by avalanche? <br /> <br /> You'll see a lot of probably nameless but familiar faces among the miners and gannons gangs. The scenes shot in the Canadian rockies provide an amazing backdrop to the action. All-in-all, a very entertaining Western, with most of the big flaws concentrated in the end. No doubt, this film takes some great freedoms with history and geography, especially the part that takes place in the Canadian Yukon, which was actually much tamer than the United States Skagway.
