EXTREMITIES is the disturbing yet accurate screen version of a game by William Mastriosimone (which adapted his own play) about a woman who has been attacked in her car for one night by a fierce rapist on her way home and is horrific when she realizes that the man got his purse and knows where she lives. After her roommates leave work the next day, the guy looks up at her home and tries to rape her. The story takes a surprising twist when at one point the woman turns the tables on the man and is able to overpower him; but when she realizes there is no way to try to fight rape, and if the man is arrested, he will just go, she decides to keep him in the house until she can get an announcement out of him. Far out? Maybe. Disturbing? Absolutely, but there is a wonderful claustrophobic mood about this movie, especially in the midst of only the woman and her attacker that you cannot help but feel quite part of what is going on. I didn't see the game on Broadway, but I could imagine that a piece like this works better on stage, but it doesn't make this movie much less tearing an experience. Farrah Fawcett, one of the last actresses to play the role of Broadway, was awarded Marjoram's role in the movie version, delivering a rigorous and profound achievement as the victim who refuses to be a victim. Many critics found Fawcett's performance to be one-note, but for me, Marjorie is a woman totally stupid of what she has been through and the performance works for me. In his career, James Russo is slimy and threatening as the rapist who finds Marjorie to be far more a challenge than he assumed. Alfre Woodard and Diana Scarwid co-star as Marjorie's roommates who come home after Marjorie has overpowered the guy and has him tied up and filled in their fireplace upon their arrival. And it's the roommates arrival that takes the story to an unexpected level because they didn't see what we saw Marjorie going through and therefore think they should call the police and let them handle the guy. Not too faint of heart, but if you can stand it, a gripping movie experience rooted in a leading performance that will surprise you.
