This review owes its existence to a review. We take a weekly TV magazine to see what's coming up and decide properly what we want to see. Essentially, there are brief reviews of most of the films scheduled to appear on the five major terrestrial channels. In addition to the prose, each movie is awarded a 1-5 star rating. 5 does not mean Miss (superior to 4 for Excellent!), Down to 1 stands for bad. We have learned from great experience that stars with few exceptions are assigned to gross tastes, foul language, offensive content, promiscuity, horror, blood and intestines, and especially kill the hero / heroine just as everyone was happily ever after. (If not done, the movie is being rejected as being "predictable" - the worst offense imaginable!) Brave New Girl only got 1 star, suggesting it was a candidate worth our time and attention. This was confirmed by the reviewer's description of the film as being a "really horrible story" and "stupid, just stupid". We saw it and my wife and I were glad we did. The TV magazine reviewer further said that the film was "not a recast of war and peace" that we agree. Read through the IMDb reviews for this title a day or two later, the call to retrieve my pen (so to speak) to add my half-pennyworth (pronounced harf'pen'uth (emphasis on the first syllable) to the uninitiated) . <br /> <br /> Why did we go to this movie? Well, that's just a matter of taste. We like attractive characters, trustworthy relationships between them, interesting situations, courtesy and respect, good victory over evil and so on. We liked the integrity and personality of Holly (Lindsey Haun), her mother (Virginia Madsen), Ditz (Barbara Mamabolo), Grant (Nick Roth), Zoe (Joanne Boland) and the two male professors involved in history. So what if the story contains a "wicked witch in the west" in the form of Angela (Barbara Mamabolo), provided she plays that part with some conviction. We appreciated the friendship that is portrayed between the two roommates, with one who has an economically challenged upbringing of a loving single mother, and the other has every major advantage, but gets some parenting time and love. Is it strange that Ditz felt the way she did about Holly's Mum? Is it surprising that Grant should have an immediate interest in Holly, given their original encounter, Holly's dazzling smile and her lively ownership? I think these issues and events are credible enough, but it is necessary to pretend that the scholarship and other circumstances are realistic for the narrative to have an attitude. My wife and I are very blessed by not having any significant musical education. This allows us to enjoy the sounds produced by instruments and voices, without our critical faculties being inaccurate on our listening and thereby destroying the experience. We enjoyed both the classic pieces and the pop, which came over well on the TV, and we were not hit by the lack of talent. It was also important that Holly's classic vocals were dubbed by another. <br /> <br /> We enjoyed the movie enough to look for a DVD. The average delivered price we paid per. Discs for the films in our collection are currently DKK 4,9484 (Rounded to four decimal places). Brave New Girl was available from a trusted vendor at Amazon Marketplace for £ 1,3516 (rounded to four decimal places) over this figure. Such a purchase would increase the average. Why I should decay this is a mystery to me, but it is a testimony to our enjoyment of this movie that we still ordered an order. I have awarded this movie 7 IMDb stars out of ten that have docked one for overenthusiastic reception of audience performances, one for Britney advertising and one for something else I can't remember right now. (If it's not tumbled, this review is an anthem to celebrate the use of parentheses!)
