(SPOILERS IN FIRST PARAGRAPH) This film's anti-German mood seems painfully dated now, but it is an excellent example of great war-time propaganda. It was made back when Cecil B. DeMille was still a great instructor. (Ignore all of his later best photo contests, he never made a very good sound movie.) This movie lacks comedy from most of Pickford's other movies, and it was truly DeMill's movie, not Pickford's. The German vilification can be compared to the way "Patriot" in 2000 did the same for the British. The only good German in the film was a reluctant villain who had the ironic name of Austreheim. They even had Pickford take a miserable ride on a luxury ship torpedoed by a German submarine. So what gets the Americans up in the war? Lusitania's synchronization, or watching America's favorite Canadian imports sink into it? Throughout the film, DeMille runs his protagonist from some kind of horrible accident to another, escaping almost death, hypothermia, depravity, rape, execution, and explosions that go out in the right place to keep her unlucky. The way she is rescued from a shooting space is no more credible than the way in which the people of "Jurassic Park" were ultimately rescued from the velociraptors. If I were more indifferent to such propaganda, I would punish myself for having a partial ancestor. <br /> <br /> Was it a good movie? Apart from a humorous ongoing gag about Americans abroad thinking they are motionless ?? It was apparently a joke even then? you may not be entertained. You find it more than a bit melodramatic and, of course, one-sided, but the first thing that came to my mind after seeing it is that it was years before Potemkin's fake portrayal of a massacre revolutionized the cinema language as well as the film's propaganda potential. It made me wonder: what became Cecil B. DeMille? Somewhere between the sound of the sound and "The greatest performance on earth" he seemed to lose his ambition. Ben How so expensive, but not ambitious. In one sentence, this movie is for 1) Movie historians, 2) Silent Film Buffs, 3) Mary Pickford fans, or 4) DeMille fans if such a person exists.
