This premier Western tale of gold rush brings great excitement, romance and James Stewart to the screen. "The Far Country" is the only one out of all five Stewart-Man westerns who are often overlooked. Stewart once again looks at the ever-present personalities he had in the five Stewart-Man westerns. Jeff Webster (Stewart) is scary and always looks to himself why he is so surprised when people are nice and friendly to him. Ironically, he wears a bell on his saddle that he will not ride without. This shows that he might only care for one person - his sidekick, Ben Tatum, played by Walter Brennan when Tatum is the one who gave it to him. Once again, Mann looks at the ever-present personalities he put into the five Stewart-Man westerns. He shows violence, excitement, plot twists, romance and corruption. The story is that, through a series of events, Jeff and Ben are closing in on Dawson's rich, fast-paced city, along with gold partners Calvet and Flippen, and not good but beautiful Roman and hired men. They are unable to leave because the crooked sheriff Mr. Gannon (McIntire) and his "deputies" will hang them as the only way out is through Skagway, which is Gannon's city. But ultimately McIntire comes to them, but not to collect Stewart and / or his fine, which he allegedly owes to the government. What is McIntire there for? He is there to cheat miners out of their demands and money. People are killed. A sheriff for Dawson is considered necessary, and Calvet chooses Stewart because he is good at a gun. Stewart denies the job because he plans to get all the gold he can and then pulls out. He also denies it because he doesn't like helping people, because law and order always get someone killed. Then select the Flip instead. A miner is killed because he tries to stand up to one of Gannon's men, a purely evil, mustachioed fancy gunman named Madden, carrying two weapons played by Wilke. The flip is trying to arrest Madden and see that justice is done, but he can't stand up for him so he gets drunk. A man named Yukon replaces the flip. Stewart and Tatum start pulling out but are hit by gannon men. Tatum is killed and Stewart is injured. Stewart finally realizes that he has to do something, or Gannon takes over Dawson, sets up his own rules, and it becomes his city, like Skagway. The audience also realizes what Stewart should do. Another thing the audience realizes is that Stewart is the only one standing between the cities and Gannon. If Stewart were to leave, Gannon would take over the city. If Stewart stays and continues to do something about it, cities are killed one by a merciless and useless. This is where a large scene occurs. Stewart goes into his cabin. He has a sling on his arm. For a few seconds, his gun hangs in the pistol belt on a post beside his bed, the gun is close, Stewart is in the background just inside the door. He stares at it for a few seconds. He throws the sling away. Sling lands on the back of a chair and falls to the floor. This is symbolic because he throws away his old life, which consisted of not worrying about anyone than himself. He comes into his new life, helps people when they need help. What ends the movie is a weapon-flaming, furious show of good-to-evil, and a true emotional feeling that everything will be fine.
