Absolutely spoilers in this review! I ** love ** American gothic and have done since I first saw it late at night when it was first sent on Ch4 in the UK when I was 14. The comparisons to Stephen King are almost all about. It is the small town of supernatural annoyance but with amazing layered signs. Best of all, and the reason I love it so much, is that it had the courage to never be black and white! Lucas Buck, though he lacks a conscience, often seems to know, as he says, giving people enough ropes to hang around with. His manipulation only works because of the weakness of others. Caleb although generally a thoughtful, kind, insightful boy can at times show the latent dark side inherited from his father. None of the characters are really good or bad with even the English Merlyn showing a frantic side through ruthless revenge in The Pest Sower. Not only that, but having Gail, the closest thing to a Caleb mother figure, not only sleeps in love with Lucas despite all she knows, made me realize that this show would just go there and not apologize for that. I am a big Buffy fan, but when the show tried to go really "dark" in later seasons, it failed because it lost the humorous side and did not fully commit to its ideas. AG shows that you can have a moral bankruptcy at the heart of the show and still have a laugh at doing so. <br /> <br /> I can't even think about why it was canceled as I 'I'm just too scared of ridicule of everything. So much nonsense on television and good, original shows are kicked around and stamped on. Thanks to the advent of DVD at least I can watch the show as a whole! Yes some of the visuals look dated now, but the eerie strange atmosphere is probably enough of the lines of history. The actors also give all such perfect ideas that it more than makes up for a strange work. <br /> <br /> The only reason I think someone might not like this show is that it's not like X files where there are cases to "solve" or lost. where there are big unanswered questions. It is quite obvious that Lucas Buck has some kind of evil force and that the show is about fighting for Caleb's soul. So this show can frustrate people seeking a purpose or an unknown 'truth' to find. Yes, there are some mysterious unanswered aspects, with some as the truth about Gmail's parents being solved, but unlike Lost and X files, it's not about trying to find out more 'facts' about what's going on IMO. It's about the characters and the way they confront moral choices in Trinity's distorted world. Personally, I just wanted to get such a kick out of seeing Lucas turn every situation into his favor. All in all, the most important thing I must say is that CHECK IT OUT. I'm pretty sure most fantasy / horror fans will love it. Even though it was canceled, all characters have arcs and there is enough in the final to give a small sense of closure. The only hanging thread I felt was Dr Matt. Not having him in the last episodes is weird. <br /> <br /> I would have done something for another season, but at least the full 22 episodes are present and maybe given how mindless some TV executives seem to be, I should be glad that this wonderful show was done at all !! !
