This time, Blackadder is no longer royal (or even very close to being like that) ... rather than rather a butler to Prince Regent, depicted by Hugh Laurie (replacing Tim McInnerny whose presence is greatly missed and the hole is never full ... his character had an innocent charm ... while he was a bumbling and utterly moron, we cannot help but care for him, who is not at all true for his replacement) as unacceptable daft (as he apparently was according to the Trivia side), not to mention loud and completely non-threatening. Edmund can now do almost what he pleases and does. Why is he so frustrated and sour (honestly, it often gets depressing)? Yes, his master is a buffoon, they are always. He does not seem to lack money, nor is he in danger. In the second series, the queen was rude and childish and would cut off someone else's head - or marry them - on a whim. Here is simply never enough at stake for any conflict to be exciting and interesting. There are still comments and even a little satire. Too often, it seems that they thought the story was fun enough alone, so they just recover it and not bother to actually transform facts into jokes or gags. And I can't tell you how many of them I figured before they were finished, literally more than a moment away. It is usually not positive when you know the punchline before it is delivered. Baldrick doesn't change from last season ... he's still pretty pathetic and stupid, leading to "stupid" humor. Frankly, the crowd goes through the roof. Don't let me get started on the rough stuff. The sarcastic, verbal white can still be fantastic, though much smaller than before. I would say about half of the episodes were pretty entertaining and even fun, while the other three didn't really get into them. I was disappointed with how predictable some of the listings and developments were ... I could see many of them coming a mile away. Some of the material tries too hard to be fun and wins up across, so incredibly forced. This continues with the tradition started by "II" to allow the plans to train occasionally. The theme is the worst of the pile, the credits sequence the least creative. All in all, this is by far the smallest favorite among the four. I recommend it to fans of the franchise and British comedy in general. 10.7
