Just saying that you have a movie about John Holmes is a guarantee to get some people in front of the screen, but writer / director James Cox delivers oh so much more. A "Rashamon" of the bad Hollywood set splits the movie in the July 1981 Wonderland murders through a series of angles (and film stores), but mostly through the filter of John Holmes' coked out weasel brain. In a movie full of bad guys, Holmes is either the worst, the most pathetic or both. Several versions of the story show up and merge as Cox flashes cuts and turns title cards in the midst of effects and emotions. The dialogue is quick and naturalistic and never even calls false. While the movie takes two years after Holmes had dropped out of porn and into a really vicious substance-burned degradation, Kilmer relentlessly exudes a sexuality so intense that it can be measured in inches. This sexuality at its edges creates a sense of vanity that hangs all over the film almost as violently as the violence in the center. These murders are teased throughout the film, although it never appears clearly, not even in the climax, though the violence of them relentlessly infuses the whole picture and much blood spreads over walls and crimes. Once again, Val Kilmer, as Holmes, shows that he can trade wacko better than any other worker. Strutting, cringing, bragging or begging, Kilmer is constantly in character and the character is constantly a fascinating car wreck. Stand out performances next to Kilmer certainly include Ted Levine as the lead policeman in the study and Lisa Kudrow as Holme's foreign wife. The trio of criminal Holmes falls in with the frighteningly high energy Josh Lucas, the always interesting Timothy Blake Nelson and an absolutely unrecognizable Dylan McDermott in a vital role as the counter yet another version of the murders. Cox suggests that no matter how much we learn about Wonderland, there is always a worse version possible, but looking through debauchery around it is much more fascinating than understanding the truth.
