Unfortunately, in cases like these, many are conflicting stories, as everyone is trying to blame others that it is impossible to get a clear picture of what really happened. This film is a victim of such circumstances. The authors (for many of them) have decided to take ALL stories and give them to the audience to let them decide which version of the truth they like best. As in real life, there is no clear answer, no conclusion, and the audience is left with a general dismissal of being unfulfilled (like coffee without caffeine or sex without climax). Whodunnits without whodunnit are generally frustrating and make you wonder why someone did not do research before putting it out there. At least, tout your movie as a fiction if that's what it is like (and so does). That is not to say that there are no good performances here. Kilmer (like Holmes) does an excellent role that brings a certain humanity to what is otherwise an unfortunate character. Kilmer and the real boyfriends and friends who consulted the movie let the audience see a selfish, troubled man who, though his mistakes were many and large, was loved and cared for by many people (except himself). Kudrow as Holmes wife gives only a glimpse of the dramatic actress she can be, but it is very noticeable and unforgettable mica. Bosworth's character was not as emotionally complex as she could have been and should show more internal conflict to give credibility to what ultimately happened between Dawn and Holmes (she turned him in 6 months after they fled to Florida). Bosworth's apple-tree performance is sometimes annoying, sometimes touching, but shows none of the backbone that the real Schiller must have had. The other figures fall into the woodwork, which is a shame. Lucas is a great performer who could have sunk his teeth into this role if it had become flabby to him. Even Dylan McDermott was surprisingly capable of his role as a drug dealer biker. <br /> <br /> The error in this movie is not in this cast but with the writing. For many chefs, the soup pamperes, and this boiler, which is filled with so much lifting, eventually leaves you hungry. The story and the characters may have been less than sympathetic, but in which movie of this ilk are they not so? Other films such as 1989's drugstore cowboy starring Matt Dillon (who was allegedly asked to take this role and refused) worked on similar topics and mastered it to such an extent that you felt a relationship with the protagonist at the end of the movie despite What he had done Van Sand could have given James Cox and his crew a few lessons. Had anyone bothered to try to find the truth, it would have been an exciting story. As it is, you'll find the included WADD documentary more tasty (in 2 disc DVDs) and much more informative. You will realize from the DVD that Holmes was not a bad guy, but not a very good one either .. it is most people.
