John Holmes is so famous he is infamous (as the three amigos would say). This is a Rashomon-like story about the events around Wonderland Murders in the early 1980s, in Los Angeles. The story is mixed up from a number of the participants' story. There is history from the friend's perspective, namely David Lind (played by Dylan McDermott). He is involved in the robbery assault on Eddie Nash's place (Eddie Nash is a notorious drug dealer - and assumes the same character Alfred Molina played in Boogie Nights) and is heavily in the drug scene. There is John Holmes's perspective (played by Val Kilmer), making him a peasant stuck between two kings (with a serious case of cocaine demand). There is also the patchwork collection of John's wife (Sharon - played by Lisa Kudrow) and his girlfriend (Dawn - played by Kate Bosworth) who fills the gap between the two stories. It's pretty much the same time frame we look at, just every character's version. The only thing missing is the perspective of the dead. <br /> <br /> Paul Thomas Anderson's Boogie Nights portrays John Holmes as a somewhat heroic character, with a tragic but comical karma. He is a caricature of a real person. He was more or less a mixed child who got what he got through his "big" endowment. Director James Cox turns off the comedy and makes this episode in John's life a nightmare for all of us to see. The details of the real life killings make this movie even more eerie. Val Kilmer took what he learned about Jim Morrison from the doors, improved the performance of the Salton Sea and further improved it to bring us the deterioration of John Holmes through cocaine. All the actors draw very realistic look of cocaine junkies. Josh Lucas' performance stands out as one of the best in the movie. He plays Ron Launius (I think this character is supposed to be the same as Thomas Jane's character from Boogie Nights). Ron was the leader of the band, loved to have John Holmes around as a novelty and had a cocaine need that sharks enjoy blood. The use of cocaine seems so realistic to have one think. Did they really use Splenda ?? <br /> <br /> Where Boogie Nights has a bubblegum pop feel to it (lots of color and 70 nostalgia), Wonderland is dark. The action is fast and furious, with many jumps. It is migratory and grainy. There is no comedy, just an infinite pace, as if the director is trying to get us into the nervous, fast-paced, cocaine high to make us feel what the characters are feeling. This is a graphic movie. It has one of the most intense violent scenes I've ever seen in a movie. It actually shows the murders themselves (through John Holme's eyes first and then from a third perspective). It's so graphic, it's like police evidence of a crime. I had to pause after this scene and remind myself it was just a movie. This movie is definitely not recommended to anyone. I recommend it as a good alternative to Boogie Nights, for those interested in other aspects of John Holmes. <br /> <br /> -Celluloid Rehab
