I have recently been accustomed to buying an interesting DVD that Criterion Company publishes. I expect that even though I do not like the movie, Criterion will usually provide enough extra material to compensate for any shortcomings in the current movie. I read them and I buy the ones that are most interesting to me. <br /> <br /> Le Million is my latest purchase and I have to say I was not disappointed with the movie. It's fun, fun and romantic. Everything about it is pretty excellent. The songs are wonderful. If I understood French, I would probably wave them and sing them all day long. The action is very good for this kind of movie. American musicals from the classic Hollywood era relied more on song and dance than the actual characters and stories, but in Le Million the characters are pretty well developed and the story is not at all impressive, but lacks nothing at all. I loved the development of relationships, especially the relationship between the once best friends Michel and Prosper. The romantic moments are also very well developed. The direction is almost perfect, with several very memorable moments. Probably the most perfect scene in the movie just after the main couple has an argument. They are hiding on the stage of an opera performance, and the opera singers are singing lines that the couple, Michel and Beatrice, interpret to their own situation. This is certainly one of the highest points in cinema history. The scene managed to make me laugh, to win me with a very sweet romance and make me smile at how smart the leader was. I give this movie a 9/10. <br /> <br /> P.S. - Some information for anyone who has the same belief in Criterion as I do and plans to buy it. Among the Criterion disks I own now, Le Million contains few features. All it has is a photo gallery (not all that useful one can turn it around once) and a rare television interview with director Rene Clair. This piece is of interest. He was one of the many directors who had started in audio films, and when talkies were first shown, he said they represented the death of the film. I think most cinematic people understand what these directors meant when they said it, but it's interesting to hear him explain it. If you have read the description of this movie on Amazon.com, you should also note that they were wrong in one important respect. Not all lines in the movie are sung. In fact, it contains no more songs than an ordinary musical one. It is actually much more like a Chaplin or Buster Keaton or Marx Brothers movie. My criticism of the disc is not so important. Hi, Criterion has the right to turn me around to make these complaints. The fact is, their people have probably spent hundreds of hours making a movie like only 20 (now 21!) People have voted for imdb, and only about a hundred people if it ever wants to watch the movie. Heck, if you look at the Criterion site, Le Million is nowhere to be found. I have no idea why not. It's something they should really be proud of (of course, their website is surprisingly terrible). They did a fine job on this movie. Bravo! They deserve all the money I can stand to give them!
