Karen (Sarah Michelle Gellar), an exchange student in Japan who is just starting to do some social work, is sent to help an elderly Catholic woman, Emma (Grace Zabriskie), after her former caretaker, Yoko (Yoko Maki), disappears. Karen quickly learns that something is not right in Emma's home, and she tries to "see how deep the rabbit hole goes". Perhaps it is a delayed influence from the success of M. Night Shyamalan's film, but slower, undervalued horror films are a recent trend. In some cases, such as Hide and Seek (2005), the procedure works remarkably well, and in others, such as White Noise (2005), the stimulation tends to kill the movie. I didn't like The Grudge as much as Hide and Seek, but it's still a very good movie - it earns a 9 out of 10 from me. The bunch has a few significant differences from other recent examples of this trend, however. It is well known that this is a remake based on the Japanese film series that began with Ju-On (2000) (especially it is extremely close to the first half of Ju-On: The Grudge, aka Ju-On 3, from 2003 ). Two, as with many Japanese horror films, are the slower pacing here not so much in realistic drama as with surrealism. As is the case with a large percentage of European horror, The Grudge should be considered a filmed nightmare. <br /> <br /> Director Takashi Shimizu, also director of the five Japanese records in the Ju-On series to date (the fifth is currently in production), and author Stephen Susco has largely dispensed with linearity and is not all To worry about logic or plot gaps when it comes to horror behind the story. The idea is instead to present a dreamless stage sequence with dream logic, where the focus is on atmosphere, scary, the eerie and too many viewers - scares. How good the movie works for you depends largely on how well you can adapt to or are accustomed to this different approach to film making (although some of the apparent gaps are filled in by previous posts in the Ju-Series). Traditionally, American audiences regard as missing, leaving plot strings hanging and abandoning "rules" for the "monster." A more poetic, metaphorical, surrealistic approach to film is not yet accepted by the ordinary in the United States <br /> <br /> But even if you are not used to it, it is worth trying to suspend your normal movie predictions and give The Grudge shot. This is a well-written, well-recorded, well-recorded film, filled with unusual features that blends a large number of "protagonists" (which are better done here than the more episodic Ju-On 3), good filmography, subtle production design touches (check Gellar's clothing that matches the color and texture of the exterior of Emma's house when Gellar first approaches) and beautifully effective scare material. Although it is slower that your average horror movie from the past, the stimulation usually improves the annoyance, and there is no shortage of bizarre events to keep horror fans entertained. The supernatural premise for the film is absorbent, and based on interviews on DVD with Shimizu, I have gained more attention on Japanese faith and folklore. Although the most interesting subtitles are likely to arise with a more intimate knowledge of Japanese culture, it is interesting to consider why so many Japanese horror films have scary children and adults who look like scary children. I drew a point of the movie is a bit return to the klichéd mystery / thriller area with a "here's what really happened" flashback, but even that was pretty well done and otherwise it would have been a 10 out of 10. <br /> <br /> Now that I've said all of the above, let me conclude with a miniature: It's not that I'm anti-remake, but it's ridiculous that US distributors and studies feel that we needs remakes of foreign movies to make them suitable for consumption. The original versions of these movies should only be played in American theaters in broadcasting. There is no need to present an almost identical movie, but simply to replace white American actors for non-white or foreign actors. Yes, The Grudge is a great movie, but in the end I would prefer to see something original with this talent and be treated to the latest foreign horror movies - not just Japanese but also Indian, Spanish, Chinese, etc. on my multiplex. In the hope that a person with a bit of studio reading this, it is also more cost-effective to do this as (1) you can completely avoid production costs and simply make domestic distribution agreements from which you receive profits, and (2) you can make money out of fans like myself, who otherwise pick up the foreign movie DVDs in alien-made or even bootleg versions.
