It is said that David Lynch's films and shorts will not appeal to everyone. Neither will Dumbland, perhaps more than ever. I have a feeling that Dumbland, as people come across it, will be a true mark of 'I get it' or 'what the hell'. It is not surrealism exactly, but absurd to the point of no return. It is also very, very, very stupid. But in this stupidity there may be some kind of ironic intelligence to the fact that the creator knows just how childish and contradictory it is and this self-awareness is a plus, not a degradation. <br /> <br /> It's just a bunch of crudely drawn shorts-the kind that might not even do it on Hertzfeldt and Judge's Animation show (which I might add, Lynch has much in common with both directors in their work on a lummox with an IQ of 20 that has a constant horrible wife and a child who resembles a cross between the pepper man and / or a foreigner. The sections include small situations like a defective treadmill, a seller who can recite the Gettysburg address, over a fraud brother-in-law, bog hallucinations, and just wake up on the couch with noise all the time, Lynch is still experimenting as he was always better or worse during For five years he made to and from the Inland Empire. <br /> <br / > First, he goes back to the roots of his very first card, Six Figures Getting Sick Six Times, in the use of repetition as one means to an end, which sometimes seems terribly good and sometimes not, sometimes, as with the episode of the meeting around hu seen doing nothing since the teeth bleed and a fly buzzes around, absurdism kind of wax and decreases without much of a good effect. And even an episode that comes with the guy's friend is more fun - so for the Beavis and Butt-head comparison (both laughing like idiots and just as confused by killing things like fish and sheep). What ends up working is how Lynch shows prominent abstractions in the most eerie ways of imagining and excessive violence. <br /> <br /> In what comes almost surreal in "ants", the guy mistakenly sprays bug spray (just called "Kill", one of Lynch's very cheap but fun pokes on community conventions) on himself and imagines ants in a musical crossline, including solos. And one of the most harrowingly fun things I've ever seen from the filmmaker is to "get the dish" where we just see the guy, cheering off his son, getting a stick in the mouth. Soon the neck breaks, the eyes jump out, and once said that the stick has been removed, he does not look for the traffic that waddling like a manhole. Other moments emerge as this in unexpected crevices, and it is drawn as if on cheap paper with impulses to shock with spooky language (mainly from the man as well as from "grandmother" as in one of Lynch's voices for the characters it is deepest of all) and a shaky quality reminiscent of the green host from (early) Hertzfeldt. <br /> <br /> Still, I'm still not sure if Dumbland is something I would put into a person's hands if they haven't seen much of Lynch and yet leave some of him. There are some small points on society made through complete exaggerations that may or may not be in Lynch's mind closer than we usually think of in real life. But in general, there is not a lot to read into it, therefore I would say more than half that see it will hate it with a passion. Those who dig the bottomless pits of animated comedy, be prepared, have a blast.
