Dominick (Nicky) Luciano wears a 'Hulk' T-shirt and is worn off every day to perform his duties as a bin. He uses his physical power to pick up the waste of others and bring it to the city's dump. He reads comic-book hero stories and loves wrestlers and wrestling. Going to WrestleMania with her twin brother Eugene on their birthday is an annual tradition. He speaks kindly to the many people he comes into contact with during his day. He reads comics that he finds in the garbage, with a young boy, whom he often passes by while on the trash. Unfortunately, Dominick has a reduced ability to use his mind. He has a disability. <br /> <br /> Dominick's disability came as a result of a head injury where he suffered traumatic brain injury (TBI). This damage left him slower, though it did not change his core character as a strong individual that helps protect others. In fact, Dominick is more able to live independently than he might think at the beginning of the movie. He lives with Eugene, who is studying to become a doctor. Dominick gives the biggest source of income while Eugene is out of the studio. Eugene must face the fact that he must continue his education in another city and that he must move away from Dominick. Eugene also develops a romance that begins to separate him from his twin brother. The film deals specifically with house abuse and how this can affect individuals, families, and then society as a whole. The tribe escalating between Eugene and Dominick as Eugene realizes that he should eventually leave Nicky, exploded on their birthday night. Eugene yells at Dominick and throws him against the wall. At this moment, Eugene is confronted with his own fear of being his fierce father, the father whom Dominick protected him from while he himself was the victim of the abuse. This event cemented the love between the two brothers who from then on became the best friends. Although they needed each other, they also needed independence and the ability to grow and develop relationships with others. That they have to share ways became a very real emotional burden. But at the end of the movie, Dominick can say goodbye to his brother and wish him luck. Eugene is able to leave his brother with confidence that he has begun to create a social network of people who care about him and will help him with his independence. <br /> <br /> When Dominick testifies to the abuse of his friend, he is forced to face the cause of his own trauma. In this state of extreme stress, Dominick stops almost completely. He then runs after the ambulance to the hospital to see what happened to his friend. Having learned that the boy is dead, he is confronted with the fierce father who fears his testimony, tells him that he saw nothing, did not know anything and did not say anything, and that if he did, he would kill Hello M. Now that his own life is threatened, he goes and finds the handgun that Larry used to kill the rats. He goes to the dead boy's wake and kidnaps the baby's careless family. He runs away from the scene and hides in a building. When the police surround him, Eugene enters the building to talk to his brother. Eugene then reveals the cause of Dominick's disability and they bring the child back. The fierce father then drives his own gun that threatens to kill Dominick, but Eugene stops him, and Dominick tells the audience that he saw his father throwing his son down the stairs. <br /> <br /> Throughout the climaxing end, the problem of dysfunctional behavior comes to mind. Although Dominick's instinct to save the child can be understood, we also see how detrimental this answer is. Dominick seriously endangered the child's life and life. The greater societal consequences of these events are not directly involved but shown through the films ending. Despite the more optimistic closing, another series of events is likely to occur where Dominick is accused of kidnapping and possession of a firearm. It is a little hard to believe that this went completely unclear. Although Dominick is not charged, there may still be a stigma against him in the community, not that there wasn't one before these events. Instead, the film shows that we need to recognize problematic behavior and act to fight it. <br /> <br /> Dominick and Eugene were released in 1988, the same year as another movie, Rainman, who won the 5 Academy Awards. While Rainman was a performance and helped increase visibility with the disabled, it could be argued that Dominick and Eugene possess more valuable community lessons. While Rainman showed that ordinary American society might be able to learn and care for a "savant" whose "savant" is the heir to a large estate. Dominick and Eugene show that a disabled person may be able to look after and help rescue members of American society. The announcement of an independent disability may have been too strong in 1988. Hopefully, society today will see the strength of individuals with disabilities, not as a threat, but as decisive to the strength of society.
