I collect horror movies from all over and I've seen the good and the very bad - Zombie Bloodbath is a low budget video. Sure, the action is bad, the story is basically a mixture of all zombie films thrown together, and the quality is low in some spots. What you think is missing is that it is still entertaining and really fun. The effects range from what someone here has said, pasty-faced zombies that resemble KISS rejects really good with some amazing latex work. But the reason why you are buying a movie with a title like this one is too good and this movie is great in this area. The effects are very good for such a small film. Someone calls it a movie, and that is it. 100% fun party movie. I've heard from various websites that this is actually a "rough cut" of the movie that became general release, but the actual "director's cut" comes on DVD, and it's very nice quality. I want to buy it and judge for myself. History is basically a nuclear power plant going badly and making zombies. The gov't shut it down, hiding the story and sanctions houses to be built over it. Some of the plant is still underground and these undead come up and attack the area. Few actors do a good job, there are quite a few social comments that are insightful and true, good music, good lighting, effective excitement and lots of blood and sick doings. A guy is attacked and ripped from the lower area completely up if you know what I mean. Then his intestine is pushed out of his mouth. Another is torn in half as in Day Of The Dead, and they did a good job with that effect. There are a million gags and these are almost ALL actions. I say you're no longer a prude, enjoy life and get more movies like Zombie Bloodbath and Meat Market. Two great undead epics. <br /> <br /> OK - UPDATE !!! I just got the DVD and here I thought: <br /> <br /> MUCH better picture quality, and once I was able to see the actual DIRECTOR'S CUT of the movie, and that's a lot better movie. I liked it before, but now I can see what Todd Sheets actually tried to do with this. And the comment also helps to hear Sheets talk about the movie in detail. He knows it's a ghastly zombie movie, but he shows respect for everyone involved. Sheets also have a good sense of humor and some humble integrity that others could learn in the film field. The background for Zombie Bloodbath is also fun. I felt it was almost as entertaining as the movie it was made for. There are some good interviews and behind-the-scenes footage, mixed with news about the movie from some great places like CNN, FOX and MTV. Over all, a fun little movie that is very rough around the edges but still had me laughing and enjoying the trip! I've seen many DV movies and some shots of video, and many are pretty boring, but it really wasn't. While newer DV movies are technically superior, they just aren't that much fun! PS - I heard that they are now converting this on a big budget ???
