I just got my copy of this DVD two discs and, although I'm not perfect, I found the overall experience to be a fun way to waste some time. I have to say right in front that I'm a big fan of Zombie movies, and I really think the fine people who made these movies must also be. I also have a soft spot for people trying, sometimes against all odds, to live a dream. And again, these people do it. Is this some award winning collection of great movies? No. Not even close. But for what they do on their modest budgets, these movies should be recommended. For me, the bottom line is always, was I entertained? Have I been happy with this movie? And here was the answer to both "Yes". The first in the series is also the most raw. It opens with some kind of accident on a nuclear facility, and people melt down or something. Cut a few years later, and a new residential area is built over the old reactor site. Some children make a video fall into a hole and find themselves trapped at the bottom of the plant. They are rescued, but the hole is not sealed, and the people from the opening begin to penetrate the hole. Soon the whole city was overtaken by the undead. And these zombies are fun. They go from cool rat makeup to the cheapest patch on white-face ever, but they're fun. The whole movie culminates in a showdown between the final survivors in the area and the undead, with our heroes entering the lower levels of the reactor to take out the fleshy zombies and seal the hole forever! Pretty cheesy, but I thought it was supposed to be. Yet, it moves very quickly, has buckets of cruel effects and really tries to have some styles. The action is uneven, but a few good performances shine through, and one should really listen to the commentary track. I went back and saw it again with it and found it to be a great deal of information about the trials and made sure that the crew and cast experienced the movie. Director Todd Sheets seems quite proud of this, his first film, but also has no delusions. He knows it's a ghastly zombie movie, but he shows respect for those involved. Sheets also have a good sense of humor and some humble integrity that others could learn in the film field. The background for Zombie Bloodbath is also fun. I felt it was almost as entertaining as the movie it was made for. There are some good interviews and behind-the-scenes footage, mixed with news about the movie from some great places like CNN, FOX and MTV. Over all, a fun little movie that is very rough around the edges but still had me laughing and enjoying the trip! I've seen many DV movies and some shots of video, and many are pretty boring, but it really wasn't. While newer DV movies are technically superior, they just aren't fun! Overall, this is a solid, if it is a bit flawless, released with lots of extras and TONS of gore and splatter. Although I didn't break any big rules of motion, I found the series to be fun and always a laugh, so I give this set a solid recommendation. Todd Sheets did not try to make award-winning art here people he tried, sometimes against all odds, it seems to make fun zero budget, splattery horror and in that respect he has succeeded in spades.
