So Todd Sheets once said he considers his 1993, Shot-on-Video Z-epic, Zombie Bloodbath to be his first feature film. Anyone who has ever seen a little beauty called Zombie Rampage knows exactly how untrue this statement is. I mean, what makes this a lot more superior? Well again, Zombie Rampage doesn't include the mullet guy, now does it? <br /> <br /> In order to understand exactly why Zombie Bloodbath is actually considered worthwhile, one has to remember what the 90s were for lovers of horror. A decade that everyone except said goodbye to B and Z cinema as we knew it. Technological advances, unpleasant trends, and the Internet would abolish the mysterious charm of so-called big boxed golden years. And everything that looks like a quality watch was far too self-conscious for its own good, basically defeating the purpose. Fortunately, not all changes over time. Enter Zombie Bloodbad. And I suppose this is the part where I explain the same precise premise from 500 other zombie flicks from the last 40 years. Okay, so some kind of accident at a nuclear power plant infects everyone in sight and makes them carnivorous zombies going on a rampage that inflict some of the most gruesome but humorous gore scenes from the 90s. The first 20 minutes are cluttered by the most awkward-minded conversations you could imagine. Conversations telling you that this is not just a low-budget zombie flick, this is a Z-grade catastrophe, trap. lots of hysterical, non-existent actions to walk around and it goes triple for Mr. Mullet. The guy is really the highlight of the night. <br /> <br /> The fact that Todd Sheets is seriously looking at Zombie Bloodbath as the better than Zombie Rampage is looking forward to no end. I really mean both are complete jokes on celluloid, but then again, it's also Redneck Zombies, so of course Todd Sheets is in the company of awsomeness. In 1993, a movie this bad would undoubtedly be a whole blood poof, but Mr. Sheets stand his ground and give us a good old-fashioned schlock, the way it was supposed to be ignorant, unclear and meaningless. God bless Todd Sheets. For anyone seeking surprisingly worth 90's B-Horror, Leif Jonker's Darkness must be at the top of your list. As for Zombie Bloodbath, if you are a gorehound that became boring sometime around 1990, '93 would be the perfect time to pick up. 8.10
