One of my all-time favorite so-ridiculously-miserable-it-it-all-lovable el cheapo and stinko nikkel'n'dime independent horror creature features, a pleasantly horrible marvel that was released by formidably fecund utilization outfit Crown International Pictures so it could play several crappy double bills on countless drive-ins back in the 70s and eventually ended up resuming as crazy at several small secondary cable stations throughout the 80s. Of course, I first saw this glorious horrible abomination on the Sennatt television a fateful Saturday night while I was in my early teens and having had a deep-seated yet completely irrational proximity to it ever since. <br /> <br /> A meteorite falls out of the sky and crashes into the still water of a quiet country lake, increasing a hitherto dull dinosaur egg. Of course, the baby dino grows immediately into a giant waddling, grunting, teeth gnashing prehistoric behemoth with goofy flippers, an extended neck and a large mouth full of small, sharp, chopped, stalagmite-like chompers. Our south-frosted male cousin of Loch Ness Monster immediately begins to plunge into various effortless local yoke residents in a former quiet and sleepy hillbilly resort town. It's up to the drippy stalwart Sheriff Richard Cardella, assisted by the painfully idiotic hayseed comic relief fraternal fishing guide duo by Glenn Roberts and Mark Seigel, feisty crazy pal Kacey Cobb and terminally insipid nerdy scientist Bob Hyman, to get to the bottom of things before oversized giant Jurassic throwback destroys the tourist trade by eating all campers and fishermen, the hickhamlet makes its money out. <br /> <br /> Director / writer William R. Stromberg shows a wonderfully sad and thoroughly clueless incompetence when it comes to pacing, atmosphere, tight narrative construction and especially evoking sound, credibly appearing from his hopeless all-thumbs rank amateur society theater level cast. The performances are uniformly unpleasant: Cardella is too boring and wood to cut it like a solid heroic lead, while the carnivorous and Seigel's shaggy red comedies oppose the groans of lax disbelief - you don't laugh at these two terribly crushing cuddles as much as them , especially when the unbearable imbeciles discover a cut off head that bubbles up and down in the creepy seawater. Even better, a clumsy integrated subdivision of a vicious criminal criminal leads to a spectacularly hypocritical supermarket scene that degenerates into a hilarious stupid mini-massacre when a juvenile trader interrupts the founderist in the midst of robbery! A subsequent car ticket is also heavily bungled; it is so glued staged and unimpressive that you feel more relieved than frightened when the monster suddenly pops up to devour the honorable refugee. In addition, David Allen's funky roving stop motion animation dinosaur is the authentic gnarly article that projects a particular crude charisma, sneaky reptilianism, and the overall powerful screen presence that makes all the horrifying underlying human signs seem pathetic, no drill in comparison. And as for the exciting conclusion that the sheriff takes our slave beastie with a bulldozer, the operative word for this exciting confrontation is boffo all the way.
