There is not much more to say about this film than any comment on page 1, except - as Jesse says - "it's the bearings". All of the pages' commentators wrote eloquently - as almost as the dialogue is in this movie. This can only be one of the illusive things we hear so much about, but usually it is made by the actors who deliver the lines: a beautiful script. Perhaps Robert Redford kept strict sway on the actors / actors during the film of this movie so that the beauty of history would not be lost. I also attended church when I was very young and in my late teens. The Church priest spoke very eloquently and quietly, as Rev. Maclean did in his church. It is in itself a completely different picture depicted by Southern Baptist churches - no holy scrolls in my church. It was a great church with many different programs to keep its ward busy - perhaps the most inspiring was the music department with its huge choir and almost classic anthems. Also, Sunday night the congregation was almost completely younger people. Are you aware that it was once safe to go to church on Sunday evening? How I wish it was still! Seeing "A River Runs Through It" is much like hearing a beautiful sermon in a church whose members are fully involved in life. As it has already been so beautifully written, the pastor of this film is Montana's open space art - yet there are also missile silos there? Flying fishing or any other activity that draws family members closer together for a good life - and deep understanding of each other - becomes a blessing. Although you see some of the shady aspects of life, the simplicity of history explains a lasting impression on your heart if you let it. Speakeasies and prostitutes are balanced by the simple collections of old-fashioned community picnics that this movie contains - in heavy contrasts to modern families taking their children to Disney Land to crawl joyrides and call it "one day together". There is nothing wrong with that, but as "River" shows, some of its implied beauty can do nothing but make life richer. This is the third movie I've seen, where Tom Skeritt (?) Plays a father, all different styles and brilliant actors. <br /> <br /> Brad Pitt, mostly an undiscovered talent except "Thelma and Louise" and "Meet Joe Black", and all the cast members deserved many awards. Little stories told well, get 10 out of 10 over me over any movie of violence, eerie language, ugliness and "action". I am thinking in particular of "Crash" and most of "Arnold's" movies. What a savior for peace this movie is.
