Moonwalker is a Fantasy Music movie staring Michael Jackson with various segments. I evaluate each segment individually. <br /> <br /> Segment 1 opens the movie with a music video. The music video is a concert by Michael Jackson, who performs the song "Man in the Mirror". The music video also shows montages of historical characters such as Gandhi, Martin Luther King JR, John Lennon and more. The first segment was a good choice to open the film, I liked the song and also loved the assembly of the historical figures. I even loved the message in the song. I give the first segment a 9/10. Segment 2 shows a montage of Michael Jackson's start from Jackson five to his solo career. The montage I thought was well made, I liked the animation they put in it, and I also loved their choice of songs like "I want you back, Beat it, Thriller, you can feel it and the way you get me to feel. " The only thing I could wish they could have done a little better in one of the songs in montage is "We are the world". The reason why everything you see is rainfall and in these drops are pictures of Michael Jackson and the knowledge of the celebrities, but it is a little difficult to see the choir. Except that the segment is still good. I give it a 9/10 <br /> Segment 3 is the song Bad. You probably think it is Michael Jackson's music video of bad, yes yes and no. This segment is the music video, but it's redone by kids. The segment was sweet, but it was not as good as the other segments. I give it a 6/10 <br /> <br /> Segment 4 is a short Claymation Music movie that takes place after the child's version of badly called "Speed ​​Demon". The brief is about Michael Jackson being chased by his beloved fans and the press, and he is pampering himself like a rabbit and driving a motorcycle to try to get away from them. Claymation in the chase sequence was great, but some parts of the movie Claymation characters looked a little fake when interacting with real people. Also at the end of the clip out of nothing Michael Jackson rabbit costume comes to life and he dances with it. I liked the dance, but it was like nothing. I give it an 8/10 <br /> Segment 5 is Michael Jackson's Grammy-winning music video "Let me be alone." The music video is about the media throwing their nose at Michael Jackson's personal life, and Michael Jackson feels they won't leave him alone, no matter how much he's proven innocent. The music video really tells (but remember this happened before the child's abuse this is just about the rumors about him in the 80s.) But I did not feel that this video was in this movie because it is a child Movie and I do not believe children's will understands what he is singing about. I give this music video 8/10 <br /> Segment 6 leads us to the main movie about the whole movie called "Smooth Criminal." Michael Jackson plays a gangster who spends his effort on a desired star as a crime figure to protect children (including John Lennon's son Sean Lennon) from an Evil Mobster named Bigg (played by Joe Pesci). The segment I thought really brought out in the movie, especially when he danced and sang the song "Smooth Criminal" with a bunch of criminals. I also thought the special effects were good. The strange thing about the segment is why are the kids hanging out with an adult man, it never explained why. Also Joe Pesci characters talk about drugs and what he is planning to do with them. I mean, why would you talk about drugs in a children's movie. Other wise it was good. My rating for this segment is an 8/10 <br /> Segment 7 is the last segment of the entire movie. The movie ends with Michael Jackson, who sings a Cover version of the Beatles Song "Come Together" and then under the credit Michael Jackson with Ladysmith Black Mambazo. Michael made a good cover of "Come Together", and I think it was a good idea to put a group of good songs with a talented musical like him. My rating is 9/10 <br /> This movie is a good Michael Jackson movie, I think it really brings out kids' Imagination. The movie is almost as imaginative as the Beatles animated movie "Yellow Submarine" if you like Michael Jackson and you're up to a movie with great creativity, that's the movie. My overall rating for this movie is 8/10
