(There is not much in the way of spoilers, as there is not a plot to reveal, but still I think I describe some of what happens then ...) This is it. This is the most nonsense movie I've ever seen. There is simply no word to describe this movie, although "bizarre" "ridiculous" and "egotour" are pretty close. The open half hour or so is really really strange music videos, with absolutely no plot or continuity, except that MJ falls into some from the previous one. One of the highlights of this part of the "movie" in the section where MJ flies a happy airplane through what appears to be half arsed mandatory intro, rejects and cuts cut from yellow submarine (dear sir, you couldn't do that just over an hour, the "movie" begins with a lot of claymation (some of the really scary) spotting our "hero" and chasing him looking for an autograph It is clear that this leaves our then (discounting songs) somewhat worried, and he manages to lose them temporarily, Fortunate for him because it means he can witness a falling star, and again I am not doing this and becoming a claymation rabbit, he uses this cunning disguise to try to sneak past them, but for reasons I can't remember right now, they look through it (oh no!) and the creepy hunt begins again. Cue another song (big shock there). <br /> < br /> Shortly after the end of the hunt, MJ brings one somehow the rabbit to life until he is busted by a policeman (in the middle of the desert) because it is apparently illegal to dance there. The rest of the movie is just as weird, highlights, including MJ, cleaning up a bar for the melody Smooth Criminal, including shooting a man with his finger, not only killing the guy, but burning his shadow in the wall, a lazy atomic fission arms. Another good moment is when MJ sees, Mr. Big (Joe "what the hell happened to his career at this time?" Peschi) kidnap one of the kids he was friends with, magically creating a tommy pistol and in another moment of violence that pepper this movie apparently randomly, opens fire on everything that moves. One last minute I should mention is when MJ is surrounded by Mr Big and his private army. Seriously, this guy has dozens of people working for him and they are decked out more like commando units rather than mobsters, which I think they are. How's he going out? Why does he become a robot, complete with weapons and shields. This is the third of four transformations he makes, almost always when he is back in a corner and / or on the go. <br /> <br /> This movie is pretty, quite surreal, with a bit of plot and almost no continuity.
