With all these things going down at the moment with MJ, I've started listening to his music and saw the odd documentary here and there, so The Wiz looked at Moonwalker again. Maybe I'll just get some insight into this guy, which I thought was really cool in the eighties, just to make it think about whether he's guilty or innocent. Moonwalker is a sub-biography, a sub-movie that I remember watching at the cinema when it was originally released. Some of it has subtle notifications of MJ's feelings to the press and also the obvious message about drugs is bad m'kay. Visually impressive but of course it's all about Michael Jackson, so unless you remove that MJ in anyway you will hate this and find it boring. Some may call MJ an egoist for consent to make this movie, but MJ and most of his fans will say he did it to the fans if that is really good of him. movie bit, when it finally starts, is only for 20 minutes or so except the Smooth Criminal sequence, and Joe Pesci is convincing as a psychopathic all-powerful lord. Why he wants MJ death so bad is past me. Because MJ missed his plans? Nah, Joe Pesci's character argued that he wanted people to know that it is he who supplies drugs, etc. So I can't do enough, he just hates MJ's music. <br /> <br /> Lots of cool stuff in this as if MJ turns into a car and a robot and the whole Speed ​​Demon sequence. The director must also have had the patience of a saint when it came to filming the kiddy Bad sequence that usually directors hate to work with a child, let alone a whole lot of those performing a complex dance scene. <br /> <br /> At the bottom, this movie is for people who like MJ at some level (which I think is most). If not, stay away. It tries to give a healthy message and ironically, MJ's best friends in this movie are a girl! Michael Jackson is really one of the most talented people ever to grace this planet, but is he guilty? Well with all the attention I have given this topic .... hmmm well, I do not know because people can be different behind closed doors, I know for a fact. He is either a very good but stupid guy or one of the most pathological liars. I hope he is not the latter.
