Ah Moonwalker, I'm a big Michael Jackson fan, I grew up with his music. Thriller was actually the first music video I ever saw. Believe it or not, there was a time when Michael Jackson was like a God to humans, a time when women fainted at him before he failed before he saw him, sorry Michael. But Moonwalker was what began to be a tribute to all Michael's success in the past, when he released his famous Bad album, which was record breaking, was the first album to have 6 top ten singles. Michael is an amazing artist, there is no doubt he writes, sings, dances, but when it comes to acting or keeping a story right with his audience? not so much. <br /> <br /> Simply, Jackson's music, life, career, success, and craze were the world's 80 largest star Michael Jackson. Later, Jackson is a 30-year-old gangster who uses his strength as a crime figure to protect the children. When Jackson was allowed to be near children, we cut him to play in a field with the kids and their dog. The dog runs away, and in search of it, Jackson and the children reveal Mr. Big, Frankie Lideo, a drug dealing mobster with an army of henchmen who want to get the entire population of the planet earth dependent on drugs, begins with the kids. Mr. Big discovers Jackson and the kids, but they escape; Jackson tells the kids to meet him at Club 30's, which turns out to be a haunted nightclub left since the 1930s. The story goes back to mobster attacks on Jackson, and here it is revealed that Jackson is actually a magical gangster pulling his power from shooting stars. As you pass by the club, Jackson transforms into a sports car and knocks down more of Mr. Big's craftsman. The story captures the kids at Club 30's, and at first the kids are scared, but when Jackson seems scary the club transforms and the kids recover in the 1930s. The club is now full of zoo and swing dancers. Jackson participates in a dance-off with the other club members who act as music video for "Smooth Criminal". By the climax of the song sister Mr. Big in the club and kidnapping one of the kids, Katie. Jackson follows them back to Big's lair and ends up surrounded by his henchmen. Mr. Big appears and mentally torture Jackson by threatening to inject Katie with highly addictive drugs. While Katie manages to just get hold of Joe Pesci's glasses and get rid of being injected, Mr. Big that he's got enough and orders his men to kill Katie before he finishes Jackson, but not before a shooter star flies by. Jackson turns into a giant robot and kills all Mr. Big's soldiers. Yup, ummm, do you want more odd? Watch a movie. <br /> <br /> Moonwalker is having fun in the first half hour and sees Michael's success, and all his hard work really makes his fans appreciate him once again. Is it mostly raising his album? Yes, I love how he spends the first 25 minutes praising how amazing he is, so we go to his song called "Leave Me Alone", which is kind of hypocritical, not that it is not a good song, just a small event . So when we skip the crummy play, the story was incredibly weak: The villain spells his name high while Michael and Katie spy on him, lol, Michael is a transformer suddenly, the villain's great monster plan is to make kids tall? The villain also has a form of massive jet gun that would make Marvin the Martin's blush. But if there is a new thing that is incredible that the film gives us, the new video is Smooth Criminal. This music video is perfection, it's choreography, it's setting, it's song, it's smooth style, Michael always goes beyond perfection and the smooth criminal was incredible. I loved Moonwalker as a kid, I still see it for fun today, but it's not the best movie in any way, it's pretty stupid, but that's all good if you're also the Michael Jackson fan. <br /> <br /> 7/10
