SAPS AT SEA is obviously a saying on a Gary Cooper movie, SOULS AT SEA. The title describes the appropriate starring, Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy. who goes on a sea voyage to reassure Ollie's nerves to just run into escaped killer Nick Grainger. As played by Rychard Cramer, this criminal is both entertaining and chilling, making him a fine foil for Boys comic characters. Despite his strong presence, Cramer never discovers the boys, a tribute to Stan and Ollie's craving charisma. It is as it should be when the boys were to be the protagonists of this movie. <br /> <br /> It is Laurel and Hardy's persona charm that they raise the average material. For SAPS that SEA has its slow spots. For example, as a previous commentator has noted, a bit of trying a doctor (the wonderfully confused James Finlayson) is attempting a balloon called "lung tests" at Ollie, is missing. The scenario is very episodic, with the first part taking place in Boys' apartment, almost completely unrelated to the other part, where they go out to sea. But on the whole, the film is very pleasant entertainment with a sufficiently short driving time so it does not wear out. It is a certain poignancy that sees the final collaboration between Laurel and Hardy and the producer Hal Roach. I have not seen all of Laurel and Hardy's after the 1940 movie, but those I have seen do not measure up to even the weakest Hal Roach products. In these later films, Laurel and Hardy seem to be in a foreign environment, deprived of such colorful supportive players as Finlayson and Charlie Hall and Marvin Hately and LeRoy Shield's exuberant musical scores. They are also not the well-meaning and optimistic bumblers we know and love, but in later movies it is either exciting blockheads or pathetic misfits. It is a pity that many Hal Roach Laurel and Hardy films are now generally inaccessible to the public. Even in a small post like SAPS AT SEA, one can see that Laurel and Hardy were great comedians. This was because Hal Roach mostly allowed Stan Laurel, the governing force behind the team, to complete artistic freedom. When Laurel lost her autonomy on other studies, the team lost much of its uniqueness.
