This is my third comment here, trying to connect two legendary movie comedy teams: Laurel & Hardy and Abbott & Costello. The connection here is the year 1940. It is the date when the previous one had their last film from their home studio Hal Roach. I will mention the latter's importance later. Besides being the last time Stan and Ollie worked on many fun, it is also the last time they would come up with such well-known supportists as Charlie Hall and James Finlayson who appeared in most of their movies. It's also the last time Art Lloyd would serve as their cameraman and Marvin Hatley - who composed their theme song, which would be known as "The Cuckoo Song (Dance of the Cuckoos)" - their score. And that would be the last time Stan Laurel would be allowed to exercise complete creative control over what is happening on film. If there is a more gag-loaded structure than usual in this L&H movie, it is nice to know that most gags are really fun. It includes most of the audio and visual effects, the latter provided by the long-standing Roach employee Roy Seawright. In this, Ollie has "hornophobia" from working on a noisy horn factory, so Dr. Finlayson prescribes going out to sea for his rest. Ollie doesn't like sailing, so Stan suggests they just rent one that is docked so they don't have to go anywhere. After finding one that they like, we find out that the judgment Nick Grainger (Richard Cramer) has just been escaped ... I stop there and say it was just as good a final for L & H's home as one could hope for. It's fun from the very beginning to the end and knowing that this would be their last for the man responsible for their teaming is actually exciting when you think about it. Oh, and I have a few more to mention at the end: it's the last movie appearance of both Harry Bernard playing a port patrol after years of meeting Stan and Ollie as a policeman, and that of Ben Turpin, the crossed comedian, who was born in New Orleans, which is a few hours away from my current hometown of Baton Rouge, whose other L&H appearance had previously "married" the boys in our wife. The latter performer especially has a real cartoon. Okay, I mentioned 1940 to be the year Stan and Ollie had their last movie released from Hal Roach Studios. It was also the first year that a comedy team, both born in the state of New Jersey, would make their first picture of what would be their home studio, Universal. The director of that movie would be the same as leading L & H in The Flying Deuces the previous year. His name was A. Edward Sutherland. P. S. It was under this film that script leader Virginia Lucille Jones had an accident involving a cleared carpet. This incident caused Oliver "Babe" Hardy to send her roses to her hospital room. They fell in love and married on March 7, 1940. It lasted until Babe's death in 1957.
