It follows BLOCK-HEADS and A CHUMP AT OXFORD, two movies that are hard to top. Not that SAPS AT SEA is a bad movie - it's the last good comedy (unless you insist on JITTERBUGS or one of the later movies) that Laurel & Hardy made. It's just a huge little movie without the crazy damaging crescendo of BLOCK-HEADS or the astonishing view of Stan's "real" personality in A CHUMP TO OXFORD to revel in. In 57 minutes, it's a little shorter than the other two movies, but it's actually not a bad point for it. It's just enough time to make the right notes. It's just not as special as the other two. <br /> <br /> Stan and Ollie work in a factory manufacturing horns. I suppose there was a bit of Chaplin influence in this order (one only remembers four years earlier about a similar line-up event in MODERN TIMER). Ollie's nerves finally snatch and he goes on a rampage. He goes home and (of course) his roommate Stan does not help - Stan has a music lesson with an eccentric professor on his instrument (you have it - a trombone). After turning up the poor professor, Ollie has problems with the incompetent guards / engineer (Ben Turpin in a nice short look) and then faces his doctor (Jimmy Finleyson) and his nerve tests (a balloon blowing while you pushing air out of Ollie's stomach). Finleyson announces that it is a bad case of "horniphobia" and Ollie needs a holiday with lots of quiet and goat milk. They end up going to a ship, but Ollie and Stan know nothing about seamanship - so they plan to sleep on the ship. Unfortunately, the rows go rope until it breaks and the ship sails off. Unfortunately on board is Richard Cramer, a fleetingly dangerous criminal. This will not be a peaceful holiday. <br /> <br /> SAPS AT SEA (like A CHUMP) could have been three shorts, one from the factory, one in the apartment and one on the boat. Each would have been a successful card, and they all make a funny movie - but the clash of the parts shows together. There are some very entertaining moments in the movie - the discoveries of how Turpin's insecurity causes various mishaps with taps and stoves in the apartment; the unfortunate remarks of building manager Charlie Hall when Stan or Ollie drive him and ask for directions ("Can you help me find the basement?" asks Stan - "Don't miss it - it's downstairs!" Hall, who understands what a stupid comment he has just made); and Cramer's mistreatment of his two hostages slaves. He calls Ollie "Dizzy" and Stan "Daffy" (a reference to the dean brothers in the St. Louis Cardinal Teams from the 1930s - see Dan Dailey is the chair of ST. LOUIS). Cramer has the boys preparing him some food - and they make a synthetic meal (such as spaghetti for spaghetti) to get him ill to be overwhelmed. When he understands what they have done, he forces them to eat the meal themselves. Their reactions are brilliant. <br /> <br /> SAPS AT SEA is not on par with the Laurel & Hardy movie's top line, but it is a great movie at all and a good conclusion to the best years of their movie career (1927 - 1940) when they were with Hal Roach. In the next few years before it turned out, boys and Roach had serious production cost problems (OUR CONNECTIONS, where Stan was the producer of the movie), became artistic problems (scenes from SWISS MISS cut meaningless) and contractual arguments (leading to Ollie appearing with Harry Langdon in ZENOBIA). Stan and Ollie returned with FLYING DEUCES, where production was not Roach's, but Boris Morros'. Finally, a two-picture of A CHUMP AT OXFORD and SAPS concluded that the arguments and problems - and on a high note the boys went from Roach. Unfortunately, they never found any subsequent film relationship with a manufacturer as satisfactory as it had been.
