I enjoyed this movie far more than anything that had led me to anticipate; from reading other comments here, I suppose it benefited enormously that it is seen on a full-size screen in the cinema with a cheerful and enthusiastic audience. I was fortunate enough to have that experience borne out of screaming laughter from all over the world and having an incredible time with this incredible comedy. <br /> <br /> It is like a comedy that shines if it shines everywhere at all. The music is nothing special - in fact, I had not understood it * was * a musical and was very surprised when the entire ancestors blew up half-lyrically - but I must admit that the half-step, the Half-promise of "Oh what to do do ... "has proved far more captivating than it ever seemed to be at that time as it still goes around and around in my head! <br /> <br /> The reason, as it is, is largely about the eponymous Francesca's story, a sixteenth-century portrait that has an extremely anachronistic hairstyle and coat. Her idea of ​​the sanctity of marriage does not go completely with those of her distant descendant, Countess Angelina, and you can almost hear the story squeaking in the seams during the production code to make sure the heroine is going to be exhausted in her very delayed matrimonial bed with the right man ... The romance is barely groundbreaking, and in fact, the first few scenes played quite straight, bowing to the boring. But where script and movies really come to life, is in the fight for the sexes that follow. The Troll of Douglas Fairbanks Jr's Fate of Betty Grable's Gift Angelina is solely by Betty-Grable-as-Francesca's pursuit of him again and culminates in complete rollover in the hilarious fantasy order where she - literally - sweeps him off his feet. This is probably the comic climax of the plot, although the implications of the colonel's understandable confusion are elaborated with a full touch in the operetta's other two "actions", and the notion of Fairbanks' blissful, confused revival is more Grable is quite convincing in establishing its two contrasting figures Get wisely almost all (limited) song options and share honors where the rates can be noted. dialogue in the various verbal duels is concerned. But in the unspoken response she is really overclassified by her male supporters; Fairbanks in particular is an absolute treat in a series of wordless sequences whose setup and humor are worthy of the silent screen. <br /> <br /> This movie is too uneven in style to be a classic that varies from sparkling repartee to hackneyed tedium. But at best, it is quite frankly a lot of fun and brought a round of spontaneous applause and laughter over the auditorium at the end when the lights went up. With its times, it may have failed to draw contemporary audiences - but at this play they have not deserved to be condemned by both Grable and Preminger, the (uncredited) director. This is not a masterpiece, but a thoroughly entertaining lesser work, and I for one made myself rejoice in memory all the way home.
