This was the first PPV in a new era for WWE such as Hulk Hogan, The Ultimate Warrior, Ric Flair and Sherri Martel were all back. A new crop of talent had to be pushed. And it all started with Lex Luger, a former NWA World Heavyweight Champion got the title shot against Yokozuna. Lex traveled across the United States in a bus called Lex Express to inspire the Americans to get behind him in his attempt to beat the Japanese monster (who was actually Samoan) and get the WWE Championship back in American hands. As such, there was great expectation for this fight. <br /> <br /> But every good PPV needs a sub-card and it had some good stuff. The night started with Razor Ramon defeating Ted DiBiase in a good fight. The story goes into this was that DiBiase had chosen Ramon and even offered him a job as a slave after his shock loss to the 1-2-3 Kid at RAW in July. Ramon, angry, then, along with the 1-2-3 Kid against Money Inc, had the Ted DiBiase and Irwin R Shyster team. To settle their differences, they were both given one on a fight DiBiase vs Ramon and Shyster vs. The Kid. Razor was able to settle his side of the deal after hitting a Razor's Edge. Next time, the Steiner Brothers came to put the WWE Take Team titles on the line to the heavenly bodies. Depsite the disturbance of "The Bodies" Manager Jim Cornette, who hit Scott Steiner in the throat with a tennis racket, they could draw the winner in a decent fight. <br /> <br /> Shawn Michaels and Mr Perfect had been celebrating since Wrestlemania IX when Shawn Michael's confronted Perfect after his loss to Lex Luger. Perfectly had then cost Michael's Intercontinental Championship when he distracted him in a title match against Marty Janetty. Michaels had won the title back and put it on the line against Mr Perfect, but Michaels now had a strong ally in his corner in his 7 foot bodyguard Diesel. Micheals and Perfect had an excellent match here, but it was Diesel who showed the difference maker, pulled Perfect out of the ring and threw him into the steel steps for Shawn to win by figuring out. Irwin R Shyster claimed the loss of his team-mate earlier in the night, who easily counted on the 1-2-3 Kid. <br /> <br /> Next came one of the big battles at night when Bret Hart was ready to fight Jerry Lawler for the title of Undisputed King of the WWE. But Lawler came out with crutches and said he had been injured in a car accident that day and that he had arranged another opponent for Hart: Doink the Clown. Hart and Doink had an acceptable match that Hart won with a sharp shooter. He was then jumped from behind by Lawler. This WWE bought President Jack Tunney for the ring that told Lawler he would get a lifetime ban if he didn't fight Hart. Hart then destroyed Lawler and won with the sharpshooter, but Hart refused to let go of the team, and the referee reversed his decision. So after all, Lawler was named the undisputed king of WWE. This fight was followed by Louis Borda, who destroyed Marty Janetty in a short battle. The undertaker ended his long rivalry with Harvey Wippleman, who started in 1992, when Undertaker defeated Wippleman's client Kamala in Summerslam and continued when Wippleman's latest monster The Giant Gonzales had destroyed Taker on Rumble and then again in Wrestlemania, with a decisive victory over Gonzales here . Gonzales then lit Wippleman and choked him after a bad fight. Next time it was time for six men to take action such as Smoking Gunns (Bart and BIlly) and Tatanka defeated Headshrinkers (Samu and Fatu) and Bam Bam Bigelow with Tatanka pinning Samu. <br /> <br /> This brings us to the main event with Yokozuna, flanked by Jim Cornette and Fuji, putting the WWE title on the line against Lex Luger, and it was all on board Lex Express. Lex came out of the attack, but Yokozuna took control. Lex came back when he was able to avoid a banzai drop and then body slammed Yokozuna before knocking him out of the ring. Luger then attacked Cornette and Fuji when Yokozuna was spoken out. Luger had won a nice match !!!!! Balloons dropped from the ceiling. The heroes all came together to congratulate him on his victory. Yokozuna may have retained the title, but Luger had proven he could be beaten. The only question was who could beat him in the ring and get that title from him?
