Spider-Man is in my opinion the best superhero ever, and this game is the best superhero game ever. While it may be a bit light, play it several times to get all the costumes and comics, making it easy to get through the game. It may seem difficult to control at first, but when you hang out, you will be web-sling like Spider-Man himself. <br /> <br /> The bosses while the levels are a little light are fun. The first boss, Scorpion, is incredibly easy to beat, which should not be so, as fans of the comics know Scorpion is one of Spider-Man's most deadly villains. The other boss, Rhino, is also very easy. The third boss is Venom, which in my opinion is the easiest boss in the game, which certainly shouldn't be. The fourth boss is married again. This time he is a little harder to beat but still light. The fifth boss is Mysterio, which I think is the funniest boss in the game. He is also one of the harder bosses, but once again, still pretty easy. Next boss is Carnage, who is, you guessed it, easy to beat. But Carnage is actually fun to fight. 7. The boss is Doctor Octopus, who, like all the other bosses, is easy, but not as easy as the others because he has a shield. The 8th and last boss is exclusive to the game, never in a cartoon or cartoon. I won't spoil it for you for those who haven't played the game, but the boss is the only boss in the game who isn't too easy. Took me 4 or 5 tries to beat while the others I hit on first or second attempt. All in all, a very good game. I gave it an 8 out of 10. The reasons why I didn't give it a 9 or 10 is that when you get all the costumes and cartoons covering it gets a little boring (getting all those things will take a while though), It's not very accurate according to the comics or comic book, the bosses are too light, and they should have used Hobgoblin and / or Green Goblin as a boss, I think it would be fun to fight with someone flying around in the air! They didn't use them in the sequel to this game either! Now the green goblin is the villain in the upcoming Spider-Man movie, so hopefully they will make a video game based on the movie.
