Jacknife is a war movie that is as far away from the war as war movies. It can hardly be classified as a war movie because the only way a war affects history or characters is in their memories of it, and even these we are hardly ever shown. It poses very interesting questions about life, especially in the way the film's tagline says that only one of them really lives (and by the way, even though the tagline only refers to Dave (Ed Harris) and Megs (Robert DeNiro) it speaks of all three of the characters in the movie). Dave and Megs were friends in the Vietnam War, and Megs has returned to take Dave on a fishing trip that they have planned much longer than you might have guessed. <br /> <br /> DeNiro gives a perfect performance of Meg's character, which we are not entirely sure if we would like or if he really is like nuts that Martha thinks he is. Dave reminds Martha several times that Megs is not his friend, just someone he knows. There is a big scene early in the movie where Megs has gone out to pick up a six pack of beer from his car for breakfast, and he's just around the corner of the room when Dave says this. Me pauses for a moment and then goes into the room with a smile and a big greeting. Only later do you understand how Megs must have felt when he heard that being the one who remembers what they had planned to do on that day. It reminds me of the old, "Let's do it" things that people so often say to each other, never have plans to do so. <br /> <br /> Ed Harris delivers a wonderful performance like Dave, who never got over the effects the war had on him. Even so many years later, he has not managed to overcome a friend's death during the war and blame himself for this day and thereby drown his life in alcohol, cigarettes and loneliness. All he wants, he says, is that people should leave him alone. This is not a man who lives his life as he wants, whether people actually leave him alone or not, he is a man who tries to forget that he lives, to free himself from the world of living world so much as possible. <br /> His sister Martha reminds me of myself, at least as far as my roommates are concerned. I have two roommates who are 21 and 24 years old, and both work as they still live with their mothers and expect their fairs to just go away when they leave the room for a while. The one on the special (the elderly, unfortunately enough), has absolutely no idea how to care for themselves, I'm surprised I don't have to dry his chin while eating. Martha will do the same for her brother, who she is waiting for hand and foot while stretching through life from a hangover to the next. Martha and Dave are stuck in a stagnant life, and none of them can get out of it until something big changes and Dave is the one to do the change. <br /> <br /> I tend to complain about romance in movies, where it just doesn't belong as much as Roger Ebert complains about the pathetic low voltage devices, the red digital readout. But in this case, I don't think the romance that evolves between Megs and Martha had any negative impact on the rest of the movie. On the contrary, it made it much more interesting because it was not predictable. The problem with the romantic subplots of Bruckheimer movies and what is not is that they are so predictable that you are just waiting for the obvious end to come and hope that something interesting happens along the way. In this case, however, it is not so obvious that something happens between Megs and Martha, because we do not know enough about Megs. Martha might be right about him being one of David's crazy war-mates, and that he's not the kind of man she should dance. Dave definitely encourages this idea. <br /> <br /> (spoilers) A few years after this film, DeNiro made Cape Fear, playing a fake criminal for revenge on the lawyer who landed him in jail, a retrospective character that makes it pretty easy to think that maybe at the end of Jacknife Martha realizing her mistake, get rid of Megs and she and Dave make up because he saved her from a terrible relationship and then he decides to clean up because he has done something good for her. I was half expecting this to happen, so I was pleasantly surprised when Martha and Megs joined and even more pleasantly surprised when Megs asked Dave all questions about what they had planned to do after the war was over. <br /> <br /> Sometimes this is a slow moving drama, but Jacknife is entertaining along the way and has a huge payout at the end, which is great to be juicy without being cheesy. There is an almost surplus of emotion at the end of the movie that hardly fits the rest of the movie, but it's so good that it doesn't dumb down anything that the movie has achieved until that time. All involved provide a great performance and it is one of the rare films that almost makes you stand up and shake your fists in the air.
