The combination of reading Novella and seeing this film has inspired my wife and I to new levels. Recently, I considered a statement by the artist Thomas Kinkade in one of his inspirational books; He says, "You and I were not designed to breathe at five o'clock, nor do I think God had trivial TV programs, media hype, worthless purchases, and soul contempt in mind when he created the universe." Not seen "A river runs through it" in a couple of years, but after considering Kinkada's statement, I thought I could see the movie with a spiritual eye. I saw it and saw a whole new world for the movie, and it inspired me to read the book (one should be read). I've always been frustrated in Southern California, but somehow got caught up in his materialistic community. The film really puts perspective on how to truly experience God's creatures. A combination of Maclean's history and my desire to move back to the northwest has driven me to move to Montana. I want my future children to be able to romance the landscape, fly with me, ride horses to nothing but open land and serene lakeside mountains. A place where you rarely care about crime. I look around in SoCal, and all I see are shopping malls, rude people in their Mercedez Bens, miles of vehicles on congested highways, gangs, racial turmoil on violent outbursts, and all are skeptical of each other's intentions. <br /> <br /> Yet, the movie is very inspiring with brilliant plays and a deep story of the fragile connections of loved ones. There is very deep thinking in this movie. The landscape is worth seeing alone and actually helps ease the tension. You should end this movie relaxed, yet full of insight into your own life. It requires a compassionate, intelligent and spiritual person who truly understands the meaning. If you don't understand the cinema's art and how an instructor achieves his goals through dialogue, tone, light, color, scenery, camera angles / movement, etc. Then this movie is probably not for the audience who thinks "The Fast and The Furious" is the greatest movie. Went there entertaining but low. <br /> <br /> Bottom Line: This movie helps realize that life is not about how much money you have or what you have. It is rather about your relationships with family and friends and the experiences you share. QUALITY DOES NOT QUALITY
