'The Italian' is one of the big or almost big films from 1915 available today. The year was a turning point for the film, especially in America: Lois Webers Hypocrites, Cecil B. DeMille's 'The Cheat' and, of course, D.W. Griffith's 'The Birth of a Nation' set new benchmarks for art. In addition, the Russian film maker Yevgeni Bauer made two of his best images, 'After Death' and 'Daydreams'. The French series 'Les Vampires' also has its admirers today, although I disagree with them. The advent of the film was led by Europe, mainly Denmark, France and Italy, but dominance in this market and to some extent changed the art over the Atlantic in 1915. <br /> <br /> The most overall artistic achievement of ' The Italian 'is its amazing and often innovative movie. There are some picturesque sunsets, mobile framing, including a short overhead angled shot of the Italian racing to buy a wedding ring and another shot of him holding a moving car, and generally there are clever use of different camera angles and expert lighting. throughout. A particularly stunning shot is a close up of the Italian furious as he slowly approaches the camera for an extreme close-up, referring to D.W. Griffiths 'Musketeers of Pig Alley' (1912). He is so furious about his environment, even though he starts shaking his anger. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the film photographer sees it unknown. The director, although initially without credit in the film, is now known to be Reginald Barker. Five or so of his other films made for Ince are also available today, but are quite unremarkable. 'Civilization' (1916), which he worked on, was a great production, but a deeply flawless film. Incidentally, I would guess that one or more of the various filmographers working on 'Civilization' also photographed 'The Italian'. <br /> <br /> Also, the whole production is very advanced for then. Venice and New York are well portrayed despite the film being shot in Los Angeles (for romanticized Venice) and San Francisco (for ethnic slums in New York). There are extensive flashbacks, though maybe one or two too many. I especially like the clever framing of the story read in a book by a character played by the same actor George Beban, who is also the leader in the inner main story. The reading of the story is further briefly framed by the opening at the beginning and closing at the end of the curtains, letting the theater, which is reflected in the inner story under the climax of revenge in the child's room with opening and closing window curtains. Parallel editing, resolution in the camera and iris and the like are handled professionally. In addition, Beban and Clara Williams play as their wife their share well. <br /> <br /> On the other hand, the "Italians" have some drawbacks. The film's early comedy patterns are associated fairly with the last parts of hard and heavy melodrama, although the environmental changes from romanticized Italy to naturalistic New York work well? mostly because it is supported by lighting and photography. The harsh dissolution of the American dream in this movie, enhanced by the strong photograph, must have been a deterrent to the immigrant classes, which contained a disproportionate population in the film actress then. The Corrigan character should have been foreshadowed more; His brief introduction campaign for another politician seems insufficient for his later centrality to the Italians' revenge. In addition, the filmmakers were either medical naïve or careless in order not to explain the lack of breastfeeding of the infant and the unwarranted belief in the healing powers of the other child. Apart from the shortcomings in the plot, the 'Italian' is extremely well made.
