Have you seen Graduate? It was hailed as the movie of its generation. But a river runs through It is the story of all generations. Long before Dustin Hoffman's character was all wrapped up in the traps of modern suburbs, Norman Maclean and his brother Paul faced the same crushing pressure that grew as they tried to find their place in the world. But how could a place like post WW1 Montana be a showcase for the American family at a time when the wild west was still not completely gone? What has Maclean tapped into, which hits so deeply who we all are and what we need to go through to find ourselves? As the film opens, Norman is an old man, fly fishing next to a rushing river trying to understand the course his own life has taken. The film is literally a journey through its own stream of consciousness, against the present and back of time when he was a boy. He and his younger brother Paul were sons of a presbyterian minister and devoted mother. The parents fit well into their roles. Mother takes care of house and home. Father does the Lord's work. The boys are considering what they want to be when they grow up. Norm has narrowed it to a boxer or minister as his father. Given the election, little Paul would be the boxer when he told his first choice of pro flyer didn't even exist. The boys grow up and come into trouble with their pranks, struggling to see who is harder and doing the things that brothers do, all the time in church and participating in all other spiritual things like flyfishing. They are on similar points in their lives before college. But when Norm returns from his six years in Dartmouth, things are very different. Paul is at the top of his game. Master flyfisherman. Degree of a nearby college and newspaper reporter who knows every policeman on the beat and every judge on the bench. Norman is wonderfully educated for his day, but has no idea what to do with his life, even as his father grills him on what he intends to do. You have the feeling that at least popping, God will call you the work of your life. But you must be open and ready to receive it - your whole life. Father has always taken his boys to reflect on the river and consider God's eternal words. "Listen," calls their father. It's both Zen and Quakerly. Quite radical for a Stoic priest. But with all that beauty and contemplation, and although Macleans really is a godly, writing writer, how is Rev Maclean's family unraveling? Paul is true perfection when fishing the river, but he feels drawn from gambling and ghost while his family does not know how to keep him in liquidation, where he seems to be heading. Mother, father and brother all seem to have the same quiet desperation not to know what to do and why they can't seem to help. Pauly just waves it all with a laugh and his irresistible charm. But the junior brother loses his grip. Norman begins to get his life on track, find love and career, but Paul continues to slip. The family who loves him looks helpless. Mother, father, brother brother in their own ways to try to help, but none very effective. How can a family that loves each other so much be so poorly equipped to handle this? How can anyone be so artistic and full of grace when they are out in the nature of God but somehow unfit or unwilling to fit into the structures of society that God's people have made for themselves? These are all questions Norman will consider throughout his life. The eternal words under the river's smooth rocks spider forever but still keep their secrets. The movie is beautiful to watch. This is certainly God's land, and the movie it won an Oscar. Director Robert Redford plays with the story from the book and teases the narration a little to follow the emotional pattern he presents and it works well. But go back and read the book as well. You get to see Norman made connections with his old man even deeper than the film can suggest - and you can see the places where the narrator's very word gurgles and sings right out of the side with an outflow of a river running through it into the unknown .
