I have read the short story of Norman Maclean, and the film was entitled to Norman Maclean's writing. My husband tends to read it occasionally, and I've read it myself and scenes in the movie keep thinking. We have videos from many of Redford's movies and we have seen "many times through a river". Redford is part of "famdamily" as he is always around. We never get tired of Redford's perception of Norman Maclean writings and Montana's beauty. The scripture reminds me a lot of my own upbringing when my father had the same call as Mr. Maclean's father. According to "A river runs through it", "Methodists are Baptists who can read", a line that by the way is not in the short story, but I think it's a fun line! My husband and I are well-known Baptists! <br /> <br /> I've heard a movie critic state that the pace of this movie is too slow. I disagree. As a search for inner peace, this is the type of movie that makes you think about the beauty of nature in three / four rhythms of the metronome. The photography is excellent! The action is great. I love the scene where Norman and Paul as boys talked and wondered if you could be a fly fisherman or a boxer! So as adult Paul played by Brad Pitt (Se7ven) is the "perfect guy" who needs help with his alcoholism, but won't accept it. The same goes for Neal Burns, who uses worms as bait, he also needed help, but wouldn't accept that he needed help. The scene where Paul refuses to eat oatmeal and the whole family must wait forever to say grace! Finally, they all break after the table on the table to say, "Grace!" and they leave everyone. But oatmeal remained on the plate! The scene where the two love birds and their tattoos on their posteriors! It is fun! Sunburn! Drive home where Jessie Burns (Emily Lloyd) decides to go by train line! Beautiful dialogue when Norman suggests Jessie because he wants her to come to Chicago with him! <br /> <br /> Redford itself does a great job of telling. I couldn't stop comparing Brad with the young Redford (Barefoot in the Park). The nominated director, producer, actor, is a visionary who deserves to be praised for his progress not only in the cinema in the United States but around the world. I'm happy to live for nineteen hundred, because I've seen the start of black and white television, movies and all technology and special effects, to watch videos at home and to live in the same century as Redford because I've had the chance to see his works. Redford has no special effects to show us the beauty of Montana in this masterpiece. The river to me means the line that separates life from death, memories and realities. Redford shows the Creator's hands so splendid, and a river runs through it.
