Coonskin may be my favorite Ralph Bakshi movie. As best of his work, it is in your face and not ashamed of it for a second, but unlike some of his other work (even when he is at his best, who was before and after Coonskin with Heavy Traffic and Wizards ) It is not very uneven, despite prominent contradictions. Bakshi obviously takes stereotypes and perceptions of race, but in addition, he does what seems to be a freewheeling exploitation movie; blaxploitation almost, even though Bakshi does not stop right there. If it were just a blaxploitation flick with inventive animations, it could be enough for a significant function. But Bakshi's goals are higher: throwing up these grotesque and exaggerated pictures of not only black people, but Italians / mafioso, gay, Jews, the total New York types in Manhattan's 70s neighborhood, he's not out to do anything realistic. The most common appearance in appearance drawn "genuine" is actually a nude woman who is painted red, white and blue. <br /> <br /> In mocking these stereotypes and conventions and terrible forms of racism (ie -rabbit, baby "joke, yes joke, plus black-face") we look at abstraction to a great extent. All in all, Bakshi does not take too seriously, unlike Spike Lee with a movie like Bamboozled, to deliver his message, so Coonskin is mostly a fun job where some of the pictures and things are finished and sudden and of course scenes of awkward behavior (I loved the scene, where the three animated characters are spoken by real life white couples in tux and dress like looking "colorful" and the like), is just too much not to laugh at. It's not just the picture which is in itself incredibly "over" stylized, but that the manuscript is sharp, and this is the key to Bakshi this time considering, it has a rather coherent narrative about string along the improvisations and madness. <br /> <br /> Use at first live action, then animation and then one extremely smart matching of the two (ironically, what Bakshi later went into commercial with Cool World, is here made for a T with less money and a harder edge), Pappy and Randy are waiting outside a prison wall for a friend to escape, and Pappy talks about the brother rabbit, who with brother bear and preacher goes to Harlem and becomes big-time hoodlums with rabbit in direct contrast to a Jabba-the-Hut-esquire Godfather character. This is of course a start at the South of South with its intentionally happy-lucky plot and animation, taken apart and shown to how rat and insulting it really is. <br /> <br /> But Bakshi goes too broken in combination of shapes animated characters stand behind and move along with live action backgrounds; When violence and shots and battles arise, it is as bloody as it can come to 1975; when a dirty policeman is at a bar and is fit and laid in black-face and a dress, he travels in a way that not even Disney could reach with Dumbo; a boxing match with Brother Bear and an opponent that the climax is recorded in wild slow motion; Films come from time to time of old movies, some and some of the 20s, which are just tasteless. Like Mel Brooks or Kubrick or recently South Park, Bakshi's Coonskin acts as entertainment first and then thought provocation otherwise. It is also obedient film production on an independent scale; everything from the long run to the montage and the endless warped designs to the characters (all based on the theme of the play) all serve the idea in the script, where its B-movie plot opens much more for interpretation. Calling it racist misses the point; It's like calling Dr. Strangelove pro-atomic desert or the Confederate states of the United States for slavery. And for me it is one of the best satires ever made.
