After finally seeing Walt Disney's Song of the South on myspace, I decided to see Ralph Bakshi's response to the movie Coonskin-on Afro Video that I linked from Google Video. In this movie, Preacherman (Charles Gordone) takes his friend Sampson (Barry White) with him to download Pappy (Scatman Crothers) and Randy (Philip Thomas, many years before he added Michael for his middle name professionally) as the last two escape from The prison. During their attempts, Pappy Randy tells a story about Brother Rabbit (Thomas' voice), Brother Bear (White) and the Priest Fox (Gordone) and their adventure in Harlem. As expected in many of these Bakshi efforts, there is a blend of animation and live action that provides a unique view from the author / director that will surely offend some people. Another fascinating animated character is Miss America, who is great as in gigantic in every way - white blond woman dressed in skin-tight red, white and blue stars and stripes who have a team of a little black man and have him shot in a of the most sexually violent ways that were shockingly fun to me! There are lots of such scenes sprinkled throughout the picture, another about Brother Bears frontalatomy also gave big laughs from me. There is also a segment of a woman who tells her baby a "cockroach", she was friends with who left her touching the part that apparently was a tribute to the cartoonist George Herriman. I was also fascinated to hear Grover Washington Jr.'s version of "Is not No Sunshine" heard as part of the score. The most compelling part of the picture was to see the Scatman himself depicted with the head in the silhouette under the open credit sequence, singing and scattering to a song that has him using the N word in a satirical manner. When I saw a VHS cover of this movie many years ago, it had portrayed the dragon rabbit in a monstrous state in front of what resembled the Warner circles with the slogan "This movie will offend ALL". There is ample warning to anyone who believes that all cartoons are intended for children. That said, I definitely recommend Coonskin to fans of Bakshi and any kind of animation.
