An amazing realization happens when a kind of phenomenon happens !! That's what firecrackers are leaving, witnessing a robbery, a hurricane that destroys everything in that path, or for that matter any other spectacular occurrence !! However, in the case of the Maclean family, reveille was something that was not more complex than their daily life. MONTANA in the early twentieth century was an environment that was rough and tumbling ... The Maclean family consisted of four people, the father, a minister who was ideologically driven to raise his family properly. His wife was God fearing and dutiful. The two boys were good ... BOYS !! .. What more can you say? ... Brad Pitt star in this movie before he was really THE !! Brad Pitt and his performance in this movie were at least remarkable !!! .. His brother, Norman, was the cerebral type he was touched by emotions that were genuine and motivated by a set of values ​​that Missoula, Montana agreed! Paul (Brad Pitt) was a misfit from the offset and lived on the edge ... You think Montana in the 1920s had no such thing, but somehow games, drinking and violent confrontations were just as much a part of Paul who was his fly fishing rod !! Fly fishing !! Did I say that? Parentetically, this was the core of this movie's theme !! Recreation of fly fishing served as the cohesive bond that homogenized the relatives of the maki brothers and, to a lesser extent, the father! I would describe the play in this movie as incredibly credible, and the cinematography went beyond sensational. Put it this way. Anyone watching this movie would like to live in Montana. Breathtaking filmography of blues than blue mountains and streams captured the youth and wrestling that the Maclean brothers had for life ... Rarely in a movie do you testify how emotions instantly invoke a perseverance to accomplish what it might be like someone want to do. The Maclean brothers lived to the full and for better or worse, the father knew this would be the only way the two could become men !! ... Robert Redford leads this movie and tells the story of Maclean's through the perspective of older brother Norman ... Norman is offered a position at the University of Chicago at the age of 26 and marries the woman, he will always fall in love with What this film also points out is that the younger brother Paul has reached a priest of his own by being the epitome of a remarkable fly fisher !! The millennial side of life reigns in the existence of the younger brother, and exerts a treacherous form of grief for the Maclean family !! As most human shortcomings go, the Maclean family made light of turbulent waters (literally) and thus established unity as a family by putting on the necessary blinds! <br /> <br /> The end of the movie "River Runs Through It" presents a life's epigram through the eyes of the older brother. For Norman Maclean, stoicism is a prerequisite for endurance in his emeritus year !! Such a fate is largely due to the fact that reflective on his life means longing for people who have passed away! The good memories of his brother, his wife, his mother and his father must now be seen philosophically !! For Norman, his life has been banished to stubborn facts that have determined his dubious prospects and uncertain decisions! Something as simple as the statement "This was your life, and that is how you lived it" is a deep reminder of the joy, sorrow, regret and love he gave, as well as the recipient of !! Best put the last sermon he heard his father give, his father said, "We can absolutely love someone without fully understanding them." Whether you agree with what has happened in your life or not, it happened anyway! Norman Maclean must address the fact that his life has been divided by misunderstandings! Norman Maclean has become a diminishing octogenic, polarized by virtual conclusions for his life !! The creepy waters of Montana's picturesque rivers serve as a vicious and desultory end to its years on earth !! Undoubtedly, the highly productive statement of "what seems complicated, very simple", there is a very reverent message in this movie ... More simply put ... The people and places that were important in Norman's life are now just a bittersweet memory .... just a painful intellectual rumination of events worsened by the haunted waters of Montana's beautiful streams and rivers. To which for the whole Maclean family "everything goes in one and a river runs through it"
