There is a legion of Mick Garris haters out there who feels he could not lead a quality horror movie if he were to. And, SLEEPWALKERS (.. manuscript written by Stephen King) is often used as an example of this. I like SLEEPWALKERS, although I am fully aware that Garris says that F # ck it and lets the whole hell loose about fifteen minutes in the movie. Forget about characters or plot development, who needs them anyway. It is about violent chaos and bloody carnage as a mother and son couple "sleepwalkers". (Cat-human shapeshifting creatures that suck the life force of virgin female innocent, move from city to city, live a nomadic existence, truly powerful) set their sights on a teenager who does not surrender without a fight. Before all is said and done, many will be slaughtered when a mother does not tolerate the possible death of her beloved son. <br /> <br /> Garris spent some time creating them as a teacher (Glenn Shadix), supposing that all American charmer Charles Brady (Brian Krause) is quite different than he claims, gets his hand skinned and throat wrapped. Charles lures beautiful virgins into his arms and draws their energy and in turn "feeds" his hungry mum, Mary (Alice Krige). The fresh new target is Tanya Robertson (Mädchen Amick), and she seems to be slightly pickens, but that won't be the case, and when Charles is seriously injured in a fight (... thanks to a deputy's cat Clovis), Mary's revenge will be harvested on all those who come her. Mary, going hell or high water, will retrieve Tanya in the goal of "refreshing" her dying son. Like many teenagers, I had a lot of love for some actresses I saw in movies. Like Amy Dolenz, I was merged with Mädchen Amick. She is simply adorable in this movie, and I love how she bites her lower lip, showing an obvious attraction to Charles, unaware of his backgrounds. I just knew that Mädchen Amick would be destined to be a screaming queen, but that would never be the case. Too bad because I would have welcomed the open arms genre. Wars are yummy like the threatening, cursed sexy, but evil and middle-class bitch that wipes out a whole police force and poor Tana's parents in a failed swoop in less than ten or so minutes. She sticks one in the back with a corn bowl! She bites the fingers of poor Ron Perlman before he breaks his arm (... a bone protruding) and knocks him unconscious with his own elbow! She throws Tanya's mother through a window after breaking a rose vase over her father's face! A substitute is stuck in his ear by Charles (Cop-kebab!), Falling on the pencil for extra effect. Poor Tanya is pulled by her hair from her home by Mary, driven to Brady home, and forced into an impromptu dance with the curly monster! The sheriff is thrown on a stake sign and we see how cats fight sleeping hikers as opposed to humans. We see Mary and Charles' ability to "subdue" themselves and his car through invisibility. Writer Stephen King even finds time to include himself and the horror director buddies of his in a crime sequence with Clive Barker and Tobe Hooper as forensic officers, Joe Dante and John Landis as photography experts. <br /> <br /> The movie is shot in a heavy-in-cheek, let-it-all-hang-out way with music appropriately hammering this technique home. It's about the ultra-violence, simple as that, with somewhat horrified behavior and jet black humor complements Garris's direction and King's manuscript. The swinging angle of the sleepwalks is a little striking and in your face. Without such a complexity, this is closer to the King's own denied MAXIMUM OVERDRIVE than his more serious works.
