Batman and Superman. Iconic. The better part of a century old. Who doesn't know these two? There must be countless fans who would die to make a movie about them. Sandy Collora went ahead and put together a trailer for such a movie (which does not exist and is not created much less by this team). Perhaps what this has most for it is how polished it is. The camera is always solid. The editing is spot-on. The production values, even with the costumes that look more like their comic counterparts than those in the feature films with these characters, are quite high. It looks pretty "Hollywood", this trailer. The physical types fit as far as I can tell every single character. The lines are reasonably written. The shoots are well thought out, nicely achieved and quite effective. However, this has problems, and despite the fact that it looks good, it does not exactly match Grayson's energy and skill (which only had problems peeling too much back and forth between a card and a trailer also leading unbridled passion recording too many characters and ideas). The action is perhaps the most obvious. It is not good. Even some of those who only have one line and / or hardly appear on the screen manage to fail by delivering a good performance. The actors who threw in the parts seem to have been chosen more to how much they resemble the characters they play than their talent. Then there is the writing. Really, the plot, yes, what small amount there is (this and this character hold up, something about some evil plot ...) is fine. There is a problem in the characterization. While most characters seem to fit, two-face is as good as a sounding lunatic (which I clearly understand not what the character is) as he was in Batman Forever (and having your work portraying some element in The Batman universe over Joel Schumacher's efforts can be considered the greatest insult to a fan. Also putting this character in this will cause comparisons between this trailer and the movie (honestly, Collora is practically * begging * for it with such a similar initial detection) to be made and let's see it loses in every respect. Michael Antonik certainly does not have the screen presence that Tommy Lee Jones does, and the make-up (which in the above reveals is crucial) is not as strong as the movie (whether good or not is another matter). The sad thing is that while Fiorella (John who created Grayson) seems to be far more into the comics and getting them the depth of them better (not to mention having more opportunity to come up with compelling plot. ... Grayson had enough material for half a dozen feature films or more), Collora seems to be the one with access to funds and the one who is more likely to get contacts (due to having non-indie credits on his filmography) to actually take a shot at making an actual feature out of his trailer. I intend to see other of Collora's work. But Fiorella is one of the two whose work I will certainly be most interested in. I recommend this to fans of the characters. 10.7
