"The world's finest" is a unique project. It is a trailer for a Superman / Batman crossover movie that does not exist, nor will it exist, at least not in this form, with these characters, actors and plot line anyway. <br /> <br /> So the movie is a big tease, even more than standard real movie trailers. The trailer will hype you for nothing. In this respect, I really didn't want this short project. Looking at this trailer makes you hungry and excited about more and at the same time sad - and maybe you will even feel cheated afterwards when it turns out that a full-length movie of this trailer will never exist at all. Kind of makes you wonder why this project was made in the first place. Certainly showing Sandy Collora's skills, but couldn't believe he had also done it with a real movie card like his previous movie "Batman: Dead End". <br /> <br /> But when you have to judge this short purely for what it is, then from a movie technical point of view it is a really good one. It is beautiful and very professional than you might expect at first, even though the people who have already seen "Batman: Dead End" already know better than expecting a card set of cards, cheap homemade costumes and third-country state actors . The card is not constantly impressive, and of course the budget was not sky high, but for the most part it is very impressive and professional looking with beautiful costumes, sets, special effects, cinematography and lighting. <br /> <br /> Cards have a good quick and typical trailer build, with perhaps a bit too many posing shots also quite find it credible but hey, it works well for the trailer style. It has some impressive shots, but also a few lame, mainly Superman flying sequences. It was obvious that the guy just stood on a moving car with a camera pointing at him from an angle below. I even found it a pretty ridiculous thing to look at. But really the better and more spectacular moments really compensate for this. Michael O'Hearn seemed like a really good Superman / Clark Kent, although of course he is not the greatest talented actor around. Clark Bartram represents his Batman role well again, and Kurt Carley seemed like an amazing Lex Luthor. The rest of the casting has also served its purpose well enough. It is especially interesting to watch this shortly after the latest new modern interpretations of the two greatest superheroes in this movie, in the movie "Batman Begins" and "Superman Returns". It is interesting to compare the style and character of these films with this one. Actually, it is amazing and fun to hear how much Kurt Carley sounds like Kevin Spacey, the actor who played Lex Luthor in "Superman Returns". It is a nice and well-crafted and constructed trailer that will make you hungry for more, though you know that there will be no more. Whatever happened to Waner Bros., plans to create a truly full length Superman / Batman movie by the way? I thought the development was going on for a couple of years ago, but nothing has been heard about it since. Instead, two new separate Batman and Superman films were made; "Batman Begins" and "Superman Returns". <br /> <br /> 7/10
