Being a genre filmmaker, a child of the 80s and a fan of hard rock music ... this movie holds a special place in my heart. It has everything you could want in a supernatural movie: action, amazing special effects (for 1986) and a guitar-peeling glam rock soundtrack. It was definitely the movie for all heavy metal fans at the time. I did not see this at the cinema because it was never released theatrically in here ... but it is popularity on video in the mid to late 1980s it ensured cult status and resulted in a (sadly mediocre) DVD release in 2002. If you are not a fan of scary movies or rock music then it's probably not your cup of tea ... but trust me, there are worse movies of this type out there ... and despite average and some scandalous ridiculous situations are Trick or Treat absolutely a screaming riff over the usual horror fare. You will never look at your stereo in the same way again. Or should I say MP3 player? TRICK OR TRY TRIVIA- Marc Price (Eddie) played geeky Skippy Handelman on the popular long-running comedy sitcom 'Family Ties.' After a series of direct video-flops, including 'Little Devils' 'Killer Tomatoes Eat France' and 'The Rescue' he gave up acting to pursue a career in stand-up comedy. Recently, he has considered a TV comeback. <br /> <br /> Glen Morgan (Roger) is now a major Hollywood producer / screenwriter. He has written and produced several major films and TV series, including: 'Space: Above and Beyond' 'The X-Files' 'Final Destination' 'Jet Li's One' 'Wild' and most recently 'Final Destination 3'. <br /> <br /> Tony Fields (Sammi) started his executive career as a dancer on the television series 'Solid Gold'. He appeared in several low-budget films and television shows before landing his breakout role as the devil's Sammi Curr in 'Trick or Treat'. Unfortunately, on February 27, 1995, Tony died of AIDS-related cancer. <br /> <br /> Doug Savant (Tim) is probably best remembered for his pioneering gay twentysomething Matt Fielding on the popular sitcom 'Melrose Place'. Since then, he has had a long and varied acting career appearing in such films and television series as: 'The One' 'Godzilla' 'CSI: Crime Scene Investigation' and the short-lived Joss Whedon sci-fi series 'Firefly'. Currently he can be seen as Tom Scavo on the smash hit series 'Desperate Housewives'.
