I heard about this movie when I looked at VH1's "100 most metal moments". On the segment, Gene Simmons (who played a como) and several other interviewers discussed how horrible this movie is. Unlike most people, I am often more curious to check out movies that have the reputation of being ridiculously bad than a cinema masterpiece. The advantage of having that kind of attitude is half the time I find out that the movies aren't as close as people said, and I end up enjoying them much more than I originally expected. It was my experience with "Trick or Treat." Now it's hard to make a movie about a teenage boy who receives messages from a dead heavy metal star playing one of his vintage records backwards, without people scoffing at the premise. Sure, it's certainly a weird assumption, but it has never been done before! Give the filmmakers points for originality for Pete's sake! If you want to buy the DVD without knowing the movie, don't be fooled into thinking Ozzy Osbourne and Gene Simmons are the stars. But even though Simmons has a solvable role, Ozzy has a fun como as an honorary judge (that's right, a judge!) Who speaks against heavy metal. First, it is fun to see Ozzy with short hair. And for another thing you can't help laughing at the irony. Sure, it's a cheap shot, but an effective one. The action is pretty good. I found the performances convincing. The teenagers are terribly clumsy. So expect the usual selection of jocks and geeks. And like in each of these films, the beautiful girl is a decent person who has sympathy for the alien protagonist, but continues to go out with her jock girlfriend. Why does she go out with such a complete jerk in the first place? Because the foundation needs an obstacle. No other reason. But I can't deny that one of my guilty pleasures is that the bad jocks in these movies are going down since I was excluded from high school. The movie kept my interest for the most part, but the third act is far too conventional and made me roll my eyes as there would be a predictable situation after another. But all in all, the film is not bad at all and definitely worth looking at on a rainy day. (7 out of 10)
