The best film on the Battle of San Antonio, Texas in March 1836, was John Waynes 1960 Epic THE ALAMO. In a one shot job as a director producer, temporarily financially strapped to him, Wayne showed he was talented in film making outside his iconic capabilities that personalized the West. <br /> <br /> I commented on that movie in a review the second night, and I pointed out that Wayne and James Edward Grant (the screenwriter) tackled some points that were barely mentioned in previous films about the fight. They took part in the question of slavery. They also finally discussed the local Mexican landowner Juan Seguin's contribution as an important leader in the War of Independence, similar to Crockett, Bowie, Travis, Austin, and Houston. <br /> <br /> But there was a weakness (but well hidden) in the movie. Wayne worked hard to throw it properly and thought of many people starring in it. But he did not properly handle the leader of enemy forces, General Antonio De Santa Anna. The role was played by an unclear actor, Ruben Padilla (in this forum, his thread shows only three points). Padilla had no speech dialogue (even in Spanish). And while he has one of the last shots in the movie, he just appears as a silent tyrant, observing the burning of the bodies of the Americans and their allies. Despite several bad choices in casting this TV movie (THE ALAMO: THIRTEEN DAYS TO CLORY), it is the best movie in showing the man who from 1836 to 1854 was a leading bogeyman to American policy makers. Raul Julia was a wonderful stage actor. I was lucky to see him in a production (in the late 1980s) of ARMS AND MAN in Manhattan, like Sergius. He was never boring and usually first rate in his acting. <br /> <br /> Here we see the selfish monster at his worst. Nothing is acceptable that does not suit Santa Anna's wishes or activities. It may be an orderly lack of an army in the army to bring a subject he requested fast enough, or it could be these "foreign brigands" (which he saw the Americans) that he did not beat down for himself, "Napoleon of The West ". <br /> <br /> Santa Anna was President of Mexico five or six times between 1830 and 1855. He claimed that he first became involved in overthrowing a president because the president did not live up to his constitution, but it was power that kept him going year after year. It's a sad comment that he was the leading Mexican historical figure in the two decades. No political figure or military figure would rise to override him until Benito Juarez did at the end of the 1850s. Initially, he claimed great liberal ideals, but he once admitted that people in Mexico were children who needed guidance for a hundred years before they could control themselves (and thus he sounds like Gilbert Roland in CRISIS talking about those people He has helped lead Jose Ferrer). The amazing thing about him was he managed to get back. His policies were disasters. While we know about his attack on Texas (to lay a rebellion there) he also tried to extend to Guatamala (and so likely he himself controlled much of Central America). He won the Alamo, but at great price for life. His massacres of fellow Fannin men in Goliad were unpredictable (one could make a case for the destruction of Alamo's defenders who eventually fought, but Fannin was surrendered). Then came the disaster in San Jacinto, where his army was wiped out (he failed to take appropriate precautions to look at the US troops). He was captured and humiliated and forced to sign a surrender of Texas. Houston was kind to him: the troops wanted to stretch him up. <br /> <br /> In addition to losing a leg in a fight against the French in 1838, he failed to get hurt in most of his wars. He detested the forced surrender of Texas, but could not military unnecessarily. Instead, he would defeat Mexico in the war of 1846 - 48 against the Americans leading to the Mexican session. The US was "decent" enough to pay Mexico $ 15 million for southwest, but Mexico lost half of that territory. He would be President of the last time in 1853, in time to give Franklin Pierce's horrible bad administration it's a moment of glory - Santa Anna sold the border to Arizona and New Mexico ("Gadsden Purchase") to the United States No other Mexican president (not once Porfirio Diaz cost his country so much (Diaz sold out to foreign business interests, but he built Mexico's economic muscles). He was exiled in 1855 and settled in Staten Island. He managed to do his most creative work: he introduced the chicle to the United States, and it became chewing gum. Some achievement! <br /> <br /> Julias Santa Anna is younger than the practiced cynic and schemas that became America's best buying consultant. He is not going to stand up for resistance, and he jumps into furious tantrums at a moment's notice. Most of the time, his chief assistant, Col. Black (David Ogden Stiers, here a British born officer) holding the tongue - he does not want to be in front of a shooting range as he could be. But Stiers is secretly less than enchanted by his boss. Finally, when they are alone with the recent Alamo defenders' recent widows, Stiers suggests telling the world what Santa Anna really is. And they did!
