When I watched the movie for the first time in the early 1970s, I was in awe of this movie. Visually, it was amazing, and the events on campuses in Europe and the United States enabled you to relate to what Antonioni was trying to say so well visually in the last 15 minutes of the movie: blowing in your mind the "tyrannical" companies and big business interests. The repeated blowing of the beautiful house in the midst of a desert, the leading female character enjoying the natural flow of cold water, painted a plane in psychedelic patterns (even the rigid British Airways did it some years ago) are some of the images Copied by advertising staff around the world for decades. Even Pink Floyd increased their fan after the movie was released. <br /> <br /> You see this movie about 30 years later and you start wondering why the same movie has lost its appeal. Today, anti-establishment films have more content - facts, documentation, fine performances and amazing screenshots. Antonioni seems to be outdated; a flawed genius. Even if you see Antonioni's "Blow Up" today, you get the same feeling that he fits. <br /> <br /> "Zabriski Point" should be evaluated for what it was when it was released. It was a great movie if you were to watch it on a wide Panavision screen as opposed to the dwarfed TV screens. The visual and acoustic (Mick Jagger, Kieth Richards, Pink Floyd, et al.) Restraint of the movie remains. The main couple were not great actors, but they were cute and natural. One of them (Mark Frechette) died in the US prison and extended the reality of the non-compliant values ​​he personified in the movie. <br /> <br /> Today, Antonioni looks like "sync". But watch out carefully and you will appreciate the muted sounds of regular actors - Rod Taylor, G.D. Sprading, the ladies at the pool, the police on the air strip. The right sounds in contrast are from the non-conformists. Antonioni was relevant 30 years ago, but his understanding of the medium cannot be questioned even today. He knew what he was doing.
