I have to admit that I have always had a hard time seeing an Antonioni movie from start to finish at the first attempt, and I even ended up seeing it in three parts on repeated occasions. In the end, I realized maybe it was better that way because it forced me to stop thinking about the usual terms of plot and just enjoying the scenes one by one. <br /> <br /> The first part seems much more fragmented, which is not a bad thing, it just requires more of an attempt to follow. When it comes to desert scenes, all efforts are fully refunded. The amazing cinematography is only part of what really makes too unforgettable is how the landscape is made for an overwhelming presence, its silence and grandeur, the feeling of sadness and freedom, the way it melts and contrasts with the two young characters. The desert is dead, but at the same time it feels less distant and foreign than the city's first part scenes. The dance between the plane flies over and the girls' car makes a number of great shots. The love scenes in the desert are simply beautiful, it is hard to imagine this kind of approach from a movie of our times. Of course, there is something very stylish and studied about them, but at the same time they are able to express a sense of natural, spontaneous innocence, which today is very rare. It all feels loose and unscripted (thanks to the undervalued play), but it is the result of a maniacal attention to detail and form that comes to its climax in the explosion series at the end, a truly fascinating spectacle. It just leaves you in awe. I'm not really interested in any of the usual objections: boring - yes yes that's if you want every movie to follow a classic plot development and be packed with action twists, but then if every movie theater was that way, it would be real boring and sad; pretentious - perhaps, but when such ambitiousness is combined with real skills, depth and style, pretentious is a compliment. The "political" criticism gives me the slightest meaning, I do not see the point of approaching a movie like this with ideological blinds or worse, patriotic demands. It just defeats the purpose. Perhaps it is true that, as a previous commentary, Antonioni considered these young 'hippies' and the protest and uprising policies with the police with a foreigner's fascination, but I think it adds something rather than detracting from the film. It is not true that hippies did not exist in Italy at that time (think of '68 protests as in France), although they were clearly different from the US counterpart and in some ways even more militant. But his interest in this movie was not narrowly political. The events seem more like a pretext for a movie whose appeal has a universal, timeless quality. <br /> <br /> A special mention for the amazing soundtrack. Among other things, this movie together with Easy Rider is probably one of the earliest precursors of the contemporary 'artsy' music video as well as the concept of a movie soundtrack that would stand on its own, but unlike the former, music uses on a much more Subtle way, it blends with the landscape rather than the action. <br /> <br /> If you want traditional storytelling in a movie, then you won't bother. If you want to be stunned, be patient and you will not regret it.
