When this film was made, the hippie part was common. The counter-culture's ideas were well-established, so such a large film could be made. But it has something to say and it is said really beautifully. Except for those who are only waiting for the wanking material, this movie takes into account its beautiful scenes (which in itself are more than enough to watch the movie). The soundtrack to this movie, which was actually more popular than the movie itself, is another plus. Pink Floyd's "Careful with that ax Eugene" fits really well with the explosions, the absence of music in other scenes gives the film a good calm mood. But. It seems as though the messages in this movie have been overlooked by most. If you didn't understand what seems to be the case, I'll give you some tips: The man (hard guy, what he's ever called-Mark?) Is part of a "reality group". He leaves this group to say something like "I'm willing to die. But not boredom." He later goes to a joyride with a stolen plan, probably looking for something. When he is in the air, Grateful Deads Dark Star (from the Live / Dead album) is played (I think). This song contains the phrase "Shall we go you and I while we can", however, this is not heard in the movie. (Maybe it stretches a bit too far, which means the quote is crucial?) In the plane, he checks a girl (Daria) who drives her car to a conference (to give typical suburban families the opportunity to live in a super relaxing place in the desert, where everything is so simple and beautiful For the whole family!) When diving down, almost hit the car. He lands the plane and joins the girl on his way to Detroit. They stop at Zabriskie Point, where they enjoy each other as living creatures and nature. Later, a family with a large car (of the type you sleep) and a speedboat showed Zabriskie Point, the father says something like "which waste runs all the way up here," and the baby is sitting inside the car, grinning. I felt a "this was not much better than on the telly" attitude. Daria takes Mark back to the plane, now painted in a psychedelic style, with the identity number changed to "no war" on one side and "no word" on the other. "Bucks Sucks" is also written on the plane. Mark takes the plane back to where he stole it, and said to Daria before leaving "I risk nothing" or anything, one of several tips that he doesn't care too much about his fate. (This is because he has a feeling that the surroundings don't give him anything - "I'm wondering what's going on in the real world") At the airport, he meets police officers who shoot him even though he's just returned. Daria hears this on the radio, but decides to go to the conference in the fancy manor. Here she feels strange after the adventure with her just killed friend. She enjoys fresh water running down a stone, more than the swimming pool. Inside the house, the viewer is once again seen about anti-materialism. She looks through a glass wall and holds her hands on the glass as if she were trapped. Businessmen are being argued, one side is eager to make a big deal, the other is afraid of losing money. Daria leaves the house and looks back at it and visualizes what is jumping up. After the house, several other things jump up, for example a television. She smiles, glad she has destroyed what she sees as something negative after the meeting with Mark. <br /> <br /> To sum up, obviously check out the "reality group" as not very helpful as they just sit and talk, take no action. He clearly has bad feelings about things being the way they are, and he seems to feel that it is nothing to fight against. He wants to leave. He helps Daria, who is "in the mind but not in action" to see his point of view. Where his feeling of being misfitted turns out to lead to his death, one can hope that Daria uses the ideas in a way that becomes more constructive. In the movie you see how a city (LA) is being contaminated by commercial (too badly you need to show the advertisement to do so). You can see businessmen who decide what is the future, etc. And you can see that people are unhappy with these and other situations that are part of the modern world. <br /> <br /> I've only watched the movie once, so I haven't caught all the points, but I definitely have a sense of what this movie has to say, and I find it strange that this movie can is called meaningless. If you say the points are too obvious, I can see why, this movie was supposed to appeal to the post-hippie radicals "dig" the idea of ​​anti-establishment. Although it has much to say and its message is still needed today, things are developing pretty much in the same direction as before the sixties. Zabriskie Point is a really good movie that tells a story of perfectly normal young people (not far out hippies stumbling around toes on acid, digging everything) seeking what they perceive as genuine, dissatisfied with the conventional. And it's done in a really beautiful way.
