I was told that it was one of them "whether you love it or you hate it" movie. Well, I loved it. Clear hippie era, dated and easy symbolism and everything. So I probably have no taste when it comes to Antonioni, but this and La Notte (made exactly a decade earlier) are my favorites among his films so far. Created two years before I was born, Zabriskie Point should have been Michelangelo's great American epic. But it turned out to be a flop. I really can't see why. Before I looked at it, I would read that it was a bit boring, so I put myself in a very slow movie - even though I love a slow movie. For my taste, Zabriskie didn't have a boring minute in it. As I looked at it, I made a mental note of how European it was on the director's side to make such frequent use of advertising tickets in almost every urban area, huge billboards dwarf any human form in sight. Of course, this recurring visual element is there to emphasize the way consumerism crushes the individual in American society. But then I looked at L'Eclisse just afterwards, which is set in Rome in the early 60s, and noted that Antonioni is often included billboards in it too. After all, the masterful use of landscapes, architecture and lifeless objects in every frame with or without people is an Antonioni brand ?? It is precisely the way he evokes the psychological conditions of his people with more or less underestimated power and great visual impact. He is almost unsurpassed in this skill. Zabriskie Point has played two very appealing leads that should have been great stars in the 70s, but never done. Mark Frechette, whom I had already seen in Francesco Rosi's fine WWI movie Uomini Contro, had a very tragic life and died aged 27. Just on his biography, he donated his $ 60,000 income from Zabriskie to a municipality. Marks co-star Daria Halprin, apparently also Dennis Hopper's wife later, has the amazing, natural beauty and appeal of a young Ornella Muti ?? one of the glowing beauties that does not need a make-up makeup to turn heads. Like Frechette, she only has the grass a few unclear movies and has never become a star, but at least she did not die tragically. In particular, Zabriskie Point contains one of the most original sex scenes ever filmed - one that brings home a sense of youthful play as few I've seen - and a powerful cathartic ending. It may be the most banal sequence ever filmed, as far as its symbolism goes, but I cannot see how anyone can deny their beauty and wonderful sense of emotional release. Never have an explosion so so good and so poetic. It appears to be an explosion that restores orders instead of bringing chaos.
