There are not too many times when I watch a movie and go, "huh, what?", But it was one of them. Perhaps after seeing Zabriskie Point, I felt the same way that Woody Allen felt after seeing 2001 - he only liked the movie after seeing it three times over a two-year period when he understood the filmmaker in front of him in it that was happening. Michelangelo Antonioni, in one of his few attempts to make films within the United States (after the Red Desert, he made Blow-Up, this movie, China and Passenger, all filmed outside his homeland Italy), I could feel he was almost trying learning about the country's ways through its own control of the medium. The results show that he does not lack the means to present images, emotions, tones, colors, sounds and visual representation of this era. "A director's job is to look," Antonioni once said. Whatever it means, he does not disappoint the admirer of his postfifties work (I say after the fifties since I have not seen any of his films before L'Avventura). <br /> <br /> What he lacks is a point, at least the kind of point he could bring in Blow-Up and Eclipse. You get the feeling of what is around these figures, what the themes bring to their consciousness, but in this case the characters and actors do not bring much conviction or purpose. Antonioni, who comes from the school of tough courses, makes non-realistic filmmaking, does what he can with his most unskilled cast (those who look most like real actors are subject to the corporate characters) roles, but the two stars Mark Frechette and Daria Halprin seems like Antonionis is undermining them. Maybe it was the intention. The story is divided into three actions, fortunately not confusing, as Mark escapes his existence around the boiling dangerous campus life that takes place in LA's about 60-year-old LA area, and Daria is sent out of LA to drive to Phoenix for some business meetings. They meet randomly as Mark's plane (how can he run, maybe a little background information there?) And Darias car meets, and they spend time together in an existential kind of groove out into the desert. Apart from a stylistically fascinating if bizarre sex scene, much of this action is not very interesting. <br /> <br /> The two leaders are reasonable enough to look at, but what exactly draws them to each other without curiosity? The ideas that come forth (partly from a play written by Sam Shepard) are not too revealing, except for a brief moment when drugs against reality are brought up. Then, the movie goes to the third act when Mark decides to do the right thing in disastrous circumstances, and Daria comes to his boss to be in full disillusionment (without taking into account the infamous last five minutes or so of the movie). Although the movie took its time to tell its story, I didn't have much of a problem with what I did, the story only involves a certain kind of viewer. I understand and empathize with emotions and doubts and fears as well as self-confidence in "anti-establishment", but perhaps Antonioni is not quite aware of it himself. In some scenes, as a director and editor (and often the astounding filmography of Alfio Contini), he finds scenes and backgrounds more enlightening and fixing than the folks in the foreground. Not to say that the technical side of Zabriskie Point does not involve a degree (it can make some feel drowsy, as Antonioni is probably far larger as a documentary film as he is a theater director such as Francis Ford Coppola). <br /> <br /> The deserts, the sky, the city and even the faces in close-ups are filmed with the eyes of a filmmaker who is in love with the art of getting things in the frame and bringing us in. The soundtrack is just as convincing, with a master stroke with a cute Rolling Stones song at some point, and then a smashing, surreal Pink Floyd song (redirected from 'Careful with that Ax Eugene, one of their best pre-dark sides) in the explosion sequence. If only the performances were not so unilateral, I could find it to be on par with Blow-Up or The Eclipse. It is an unconventional kind of genius on the one hand, and on the other a boring to take on what was the hippie / radical movement in the late 60s. But hi, what can be boring for an American like myself born in the eighties must not be to others outside of the United States, such as. Italy. And it doesn't ask to be discarded immediately after a show.
