I know this is an unpopular stance on Zabriskie Point, but I LOVED this movie. I know I know - I can legitimately be called an Antonioni fanatic. I love L'Avventura, I love La Notte, I love L'Eclisse, I love Red Desert, I love Blowup, and I love Professione: Reporter (aka The Passenger). The only Antonioni movie I don't love, the only one I've ever given less than an 8/10 (and one of only three I've given less than a 10/10, La Notte and L'Eclisse is the other one two, although I fully recognize that I must see them both again), is Beyond the Clouds, which can be called a horrible movie. But there is no better horrible movie if you catch my drift. So if you're not an Antonioni fan, you just have to logically ignore me. If you yourself are a casual fan and you ask yourself if this movie, whose name, when spoken, is often followed by a saliva that is generally despised by even Antonioni's admirers, is all in all worth seeing, the answer is YES. Okay, the reason people tend to hate it is that 99% of the film guards only bring the story of a movie. Well, that's not quite true. If a movie is amazing in a particular aspect, then acting or movie or direction, and just decent in its narrative, movie guards can very well love it. But a movie can be the most amazing visual masterpiece and have a lame or illogical story - it's another thing that has ruined the cinema over the years: logic - so they absolutely hate the movie. I would actually agree with that in some ways. As much as I like it and want to change my mind, it is really hard to love a movie whose story I perceive as poor. However, other people tend to be annoyed by a loose tale. This is definitely what should drive viewers away from Zabriskie Point. I could relate the story to you, but you would probably just think it was unwise. Actually, but for me, that just made the whole effort more amazing and beautiful. I would actually compare it positively to 2001, which is my favorite movie. But 2001 is completely coherent in relation to the exciting story of this film. What Zabriskie Point has in spades is mood. The music helps a lot; The score includes a lot of actions of the day, including pink floyd. The mood is a bit similar to the mood of Antonioni's other masterpieces, filled with loneliness and desolation. Also the freedom that comes from it. The best sequence in the movie is when the manager and the woman (her name is Daria, I know, but I can't remember his name) pull on their vehicle next to a historic marker on a desert road. There is, in addition to the stone wall erected to keep cars from flying away, an old lakebed. It's basically a rocky desert, and the two go to play in it. The setting is hugely beautiful. The woman says, "This is a beautiful place. What do you think?" The man: "I think it's dead." There is no inclination to whether it is a good thing or a bad thing. This is much like emotions expressed in other Antonioni films - characters constantly want to disappear or become invisible. Instead of David Locke, the protagonist of the passengers engaged in journalism, we have the young hippie sick of his friends' policies - he thinks they are talking too much and not acting out what they feel is right, or at least he says he does It seems to me more like he would just have been out of the situation. <br /> <br /> The film is also simply stunningly visual. Antonioni's films are all identifiable with just a few pictures, but his visual style was always being built. I like Passenger more than I do Zabriskie Point, but Zabriskie Point can be his ultimate achievement in that aspect. Well, that may sound strange - L'Avventura and Red Desert are amazingly pictorial. I think it's the camera's movements that are especially amazing here. He obviously made lots of money on Blowup, which was the biggest arthouse hit on his day, the biggest ever at that time. He uses it well here, especially with his aerial photographs. One of the movie's greatest sequences involves the man who has stolen a person's private aircraft, diver bomb Daria in his car. The only thing that can be quite criticized is the film's policy. They are certainly laziness. Not that hippies were simple, but that Antonioni's vision of hippies - there wasn't anyone in Italy of course - is bizarre and well filtered through the eyes of a foreigner. There is quite a childish criticism of advertising, but it is a criticism that still exists today. I say you can't people just ignore it? What does it hurt? Are you going to buy things you don't want because of billboards? Or there is also criticism of capitalism. Daria, a secretary, works for a company that steals the land in the desert - the country she and her husband enjoyed for themselves - to make cheap suburban homes for families. Rod Taylor, a very underrated actor whose most famous roles were in The Time Machine and The Birds, plays his boss. The end, which I do not want to ruin - you have to see it - is almost aggressively cheap. However, I can understand the treatment of police officers. Not that I despise them in general, but they were terrible at that time. They can still be terrible now. They have always had too much power. <br /> <br /> These tritic arguments against the American lifestyle still don't affect my opinion about the movie. I find this filtered view of America extremely interesting. I really don't think a hippie would have disagreed with Antonioni. 10/10.
