If Saura hadn't done anything like before, Iberia would be a milestone. Now it still deserves inclusion to honor a great director and a great film conservator of the Spanish culture, but he has done much like this before, and although we can applaud the riches he has given us, we must choose and choose favorites and high Points among similar films include Blood Wedding (1981), Carmen (1983), El Amore Brujo (1986), Sevillanas (1992), Salomé (2002), and Tango (1998). I would choose Saura's 1995 Flamenco as its most unique and powerful cultural document, after which Iberia paler. <br /> <br /> Iberia is conceived as a series of interpretations of the music by Isaac Manuel Francisco Albéniz (1860-1909) and especially his "Iberia" piano suite. Isaac Albéniz was a major contributor to the externalization of Spanish musical culture - its reformatting to a non-Spanish audience. He moved to France in his early thirties and was influenced by French composers. His "Iberia" package is an imaginative synthesis of Spanish folk music with the styles of Liszt, Dukas and d'Indy. He traveled around performing his compositions, which is a kind of beautiful standardization of Spanish rhythms and melodies, not as homogenized as Ravel's Bolero, but moving in that direction. Of course, the Spanish have accepted Albéniz, and in Iberia, the performers reinterpret their compositions with respect to various more ethnic and regional dances and styles. But the source is an empty and diluted form of Spanish musical and dance culture in relation to the pure Spanish renflamenco. Coming from the region of Andalusia, Flamenco is a deeply felt amalgam of gitane, hispano-Arab and Jewish cultures. Iberia is simply the peninsula which includes Spain, Portugal, Andorra and Gibraltar; the concept itself is more dilute. <br /> <br /> Saura's Flamenco is an unstoppable intense ethnic mix of music, song, dance and the peacock-shaped noble prince, the essence of Spanish style that a man and a woman pride themselves on arrogance and elegance and panache - even bullfights and traction movements are full of it - in a series of electrical sequences without the introduction or conclusion; they are just. Saura always emphasized the stiffness of his collaborations with choreographer Antonio Gades and other artists. In his 1995 Flamenco, he dropped any kind of history and simply singers, musicians and dancers have moved to and from a large stage of sound with bright lights and screens, apartments and mirrors arranged by film photographer Vittorio Storaro, another of the Spanish filmmakers' key partners . The beginning and end of sequences in Flamenco are often coarse, but atmospheric, marked only by clutter and shaking of mixed feet and a mixture of voices. Sometimes the movie feeds when a performance is over, and you see the dancer bend over, sigh or laugh; or someone just says something unexpected. In Flamenco more than any of Saura's other musical films, it is the fierce, intense interaction between singers and dancers and rhythmic clapping attendees shouting impulsive oils that are "the story" and creating the magic. Because Saura has really made magic, and perhaps best, then when he lost any kind of traditional story. Iberia is in a similar style to some of Saura's purest musical films: no narrative, no dialogue, only brief titles to indicate the song or region that begins with a pianist playing Albeniz's music and gradually moving to a series of dance sequences and one little song. In flamenco music, the basic element is the unaccompanied voice, and that voice is the most unmistakable and unique contribution to world music. It is about other songs in other ethnic groups, but nothing is as big as its raw, healthy, unique, ugly, beautiful screams that hesitate to do everything but listen to it with the closest attention. Then comes the flap and foot stomping, and then the dance, combined with the other elements. There is only one flamenco song in Iberia. If you love Saura's Flamenco, you would like to see Iberia, but you will be a little disappointed. The style is there; Some of the big voices and dance and music are there. But Iberia's source and perception makes it a lesser power and makes it a less rich and intense cultural experience.
