Students often ask me why I choose this version of Othello. Shakespeare's text is heavily truncated, and the film contains material that has earned it an "R" rating. <br /> <br /> I have several reasons to use this production: First, I hadn't seen a performance of the mother who actually made me sympathetic to Othello until I saw Fishburne play him. I saw James Earl Jones and Christopher Plummer playing Othello and Iago on Broadway, and it was wonderful. Plummer's energy was particularly noticeable. But in spite of Jones' incredible presence both physically and vocally, the character he played seemed to passively and illegally from me a complete emotional cleansing in the Aristotelian sense. In fact, Jones confirmed what I felt when he noted in an interview that he had played Othello as a passive - when I saw that he was initially making him over. Unfortunately, this sweetened my grief for the signs of destruction. Thus, I felt sympathy for Jones Moor, but not horror over his corruption of an evil man. In contrast, Fishburne's Othello is a strong and energetic figure who is familiar with acting. Therefore, Iago's temptation to actively deal with what is presented to Othello as his wife's adultery, is a perversion of the general's positive quality of being active, not passive.1 The horror of history is that this good quality in Othello becomes perverted. Fishburne's portrayal is therefore classically tragic. <br /> <br /> Second, Fishburne is the first black actor to play Othello in a movie. Both Orsen Wells and Anthony Hopkins did fine movie versions, but they were white men in black face.2 Why is this important? Why would a black actor be the black man on stage? 3 Certainly in Shakespeare's day, they used black face just as they used boys to make girls. Perhaps the reason is the same. Women actors bring a special quality to female roles on the Shakespearian scene because they understand best what Shakespeare's genius was trying to present. A gifted black actor must play the bog because his experience in a white dominated culture is crucial to understanding what Shakespeare's genius recognized: the pain of being marginalized by race. An important theme in Othello is isolation caused by racism. While it is a mistake to insert American racism into a Shakespeare game, there can be no doubt that racism is still working among the characters. Many, including Desdimona's father, believe that a union between a Venetian white Christian woman and a North African black Christian man is UNNATURAL. <br /> <br /> Third, Shakespeare was never G-rated. He's never been. His stage productions were always characterized by violence and strong language. But Shakespeare's genius does not use these elements as sensationalism, but for artistic honesty.
