I'm a little confused about this. The show is on the one hand terrible, the play is terrible (even when we get real names actors like Brad Pitt and Bill Moseley in an episode), the dialogue is moronic, and the premise / morale of each episode feels like something lifted out of a 50 ' are educational maps. There is no way you will be afraid of a moment from any of these episodes, and Robert Englund's comedies are short, pointless, and corny in some sort of Bob Saga on America's Funniest Home Videos way. <br /> <br /> On the other hand, this is one of the funniest things ever to come on TV. The 80s fashion, the soft focus makes the actors look like theirs at Set The View at any time, the premises lend the material more to self-parody than scare, so we're back with an episode where a high school kid is afraid that if he fails his SAT, his girlfriend will dump him and his parents reject him, another is afraid she will be locked in prison because she is a substandard mother (her husband is played by Brad Pit), someone else is afraid that all the parents in the world are in league against him when he runs away from home, another is afraid she is confused with his socially retarded twin, another is afraid that if he does not break his mother and his grandfather, he may be killed for having a party in his house. The list goes on and on. <br /> <br /> Be sure these are dreams, I suppose you can see past the ridiculous points and entities, but they are so out of the left that there is no opportunity for the authors to actually scare the audience . You have characters dressed as something out of an 80s-themed nightmare wandering around and delivering poor dialogue in very hammy fashion and making illogical decisions that serve no other purpose but moving the story to the next weird plot point (typically looks like a peripheral character makes something uncharacteristic for a sane person, while our protagonist stares horrified and too shocked to do something about it). <br /> <br /> If you're looking for something that will scare you, stay away. On the other hand, if you look for one of the funniest things coming out of the 80s ever. See it. It's been on Chiller TV lately (pretty much every day) and I've been looking at earlier out of morbid curiosity and now just so I can get a good laugh in every day. With arrested development and extras from the air, this is officially the funniest thing on television right now.
