I was fortunate enough to catch this movie finally on the Turner Classic movie tonight, as it is one of the films that won an Oscar (for special effects) in their annual month of Oscar winning film. <br /> <br /> BEDKNOBS AND BROOMSTICKS are easily a sequel to the past success of MARY POPPINS. Also that movie was a great success and an Oscar winner (Best Actress for Julie Andrews). Like MARY POPPINS BEDKNOBS, David Tomlinson has it in a role where he learns about parents. It's a nice mix of live action and animation. It is set in an earlier period of British history (unless the Edwardian-Georgian world of 1912 London, it is England's coast under "Dunkerque" in the summer of 1940). It even has the old Reginald Owen in it, here as general in the Home Guard, while he was previously Admiral Boom in MARY POPPINS. Ironically, it was Owen's final role. <br /> <br /> The Home Guard sequences (not too many in the movie) are reminiscent of one of the British series DAD'S ARMY, which deals with the problems of the local watchman in the early years of the war. The period is also well suggested by the appearance of the three Rawlins children as orphans from the Blitz bombings in London. And (in typical Disney mode) in the song "Portobello Road" various members of the British Army (including soldiers from India and the Caribbean (complete with metal drums yet!) Appear with Scottish and local female helpers in costume. /> <br /> All that surprising is a plus. But the biggest plus is that of Angela Lansbury, her performance as Eglantine Price is finally: her only real musical film director. In a remarkable acting career, Lansbury never got the right career musical role she deserved as Aunt Mame in the musical MAME that came out shortly after BEDKNOBS did. She had been in song parts (in GASLIGHT with her short OP IN A BALLOON BOYS, and in DORIAN GRAY PICTURE with little YELLOW BIRD and - best of all - for support and at the end of THE HARVEY GIRLS with the final rendering of AT ATCHISON , TOPEKA AND SANTA FE). But here she only plays the women's management. So when you hear her singing with David Tomlinson, you might understand what we lost when she didn't play Mame Dennis Burnside. The rest of the game is pretty good, here Tomlinson learns that he can rise to the apartment after a lifetime of relative failure. Indeed, the three children (Cindy O'Callaghan, Roy Snart and Ian Weighill) show more interesting aspects of their characters than their Edwardian predecessors in POPPINS (especially Weighill, as some of a budding opportunistic thinking about harassment Lansbury after finding out that she is a witch. The only surprising waste (possibly due to cut scenes) is Roddy McDowall as the local vicar who is only in two sequences of the movie. With his possible role as a disapproving enemy of witchcraft, he should have had a greater role. Likewise, John Ericson, like the German officer leading a raid at the end of the movie, is only to discover that he is facing something more powerful than he had ever imagined in the British landscape, and Sam Jaffe as a competitor for the magic formula that Lansbury and Tomlinson seek. <br /> <br /> With regard to the animation, the two sequences below the sea in a lagoon and in the wildest football game ever drawn, are worth seeing, with Tomlinson drawn into the latter as the judge and becoming pretty hard hit in different taxes and scrimmages. As I said, it is a pretty good sample of the Disney studio's best work.
