"Bedknobs and Broomsticks" is a magical adventure movie with some charm, despite not being one of the best Disney works. It has a generally good story, good songs, beautiful characters, good actors, magical and lovely special effects, great settings and lovely landscapes in England. It also combines very good live action and animation. The animation itself is of course pretty good. The animation is very much like the animated movie "Robin Hood" from 1973, and the same can be said of the animated characters: there are lots of wild animals such as bears, elephants, hippos, lions, crocodiles and others like in "Robin Hood". In addition, the wife (a lion) seems to be a mix of Prince John and King Richard, not to mention the bear resembles Little John. <br /> <br /> This movie is often compared to "Mary Poppins" for a reason. Both combine live action and animation with a similar work of art. Both have similar options in London. Both have their own magic and a magical woman. The children (Carrie, Charlie and sweet little Paul) are a bit like Bank's children. Both films were directed by Robert Stevenson and both cast David Tomlinson. But instead of a very serious man like George Banks, David Tomlinson plays a merrier and magical man - Professor Emelius Browne. With its magic, this film also has some small but significant similarities to Harry Potter's stories. <br /> <br /> Most songs are good. "Non-believing age" and "Beautiful Briny Sea" are the very best. "Portobello Road" is also nice. <br /> <br /> David Tomlinson is unique in this movie again. Angela Lansbury is great as Miss Price, and the 3 children's actors are also fine: Cindy O'Callaghan as Carrie, Ian Weighill as Charlie (a boy in "non-believers") and Roy Soon as the youngest brother Paul. <br /> I like the black cat. It's pretty cool. It looks a bit like Salem, the black cat from the television series "Sabrina, teenage witch". I find sweet when one of the film's characters is transformed into a white rabbit. Rabbits are really sweet, fluffy and sweet animals. I just love them! Even more fun is when Professor Emelius Browne turns into a white rabbit because he shakes his nose like a rabbit when he is converted to man again. It's really fun, combined with his comical figure and the mustache. <br /> All in all, it's an okay movie, but the end is pretty bad. The first minutes of the movie are nothing special, but then it improves a lot. However, the end is weak. It is my big criticism of it, mostly because the animated knight is a little too much for me and also because of the feeling of war.
