If a movie movie could be called my "guilty pleasure", it would be this generic fantasy type. Guilty is the wrong word for it, since I'm pretty happy to be an escapist from time to time. "Stardust" is good stock imagination that one would expect from Neil Gaiman (or Gaiman's customization as it was). It's not Mirrormask's visual dream scarf, it's not the adult regret of Pan's Labyrinth, and it's not the fun-loving classic The Princess Bride, but it just contains what the fantasy lover is familiar enough to be completely comfortable throughout the show. Fantasy lovers should rejoice - special effects work has finally become good enough and cheap enough for this thing to be in regular production now. <br /> <br /> The story of Stardust involves a young man named Tristan, who, in order to win the love and approval of the most beautiful girl in their small town Wall, goes on an adventure to retrieve a fallen star. In fact, to make it difficult, Trista's fallen star is actually a woman named Yvaine, and he is not the only one looking for her ... some witches have their greedy eyes on the immortality that the star's heart can give and a brother's feud over magical kingdom leads murderous princes in their direction. From there it is all quite predictable, but it involves some attractive fantasy elements, some warm-hearted comments about the nature of love and the best, Robert DeNiro as a gay pirate. On that note, DeNiro's performance is spot-on ... it's not the exaggerated lash that most actors use to portray gay people, but a surprisingly effective one from someone used to be considered a rough and gruesome typecast character (thus Ongoing joke about his character matching DeNiro's own opening up into alternative forms of acting). DeNiro has not been so unique to her own image since Brazil, and that says something. <br /> <br /> Stardust is the type of movie that may be on the shelves of children and fantasy lovers for a long time. I can't say it gives anything new, but it's not really there. It is actually the most familiar with the troop that will enjoy the most. <br /> <br /> - PolarisDiB
