It's great to see Roshan Seth (the 1992 stern father "Mississippi Masala"), who again assumes the role of a father and family manager, and more in such a long journey, set in 1971 Bombay, India. Besides the close family settings, topics they lost and found include a friendship; A friend's unexpected death (in a sense, the calm smiling face of a friend in death in the presence of prayers felt emotionally - so Gustad Noble, the character of Roshan, also noted); a pavement artist's chain of events - "the wall that latrine became a sanctuary in rumble and ash" was at the same time prophetic and philosophical. It is packed full of life education in various aspects of different relationships: between father and son; mom and son; father and little daughter little daughter and father and mother; long-standing colleagues; long lost dear friends; although a man to man, one whose innocent slowly "fools". <br /> <br /> Despite the tone of the film's era, it is a colorful film rich in substance and the power of history in textural layers of humor and excitement. For an instructor who is not Indian (Sturla Gunnarsson is Icelandic), he has made a political Indian / Pakistani film. He comes into the bone marrow of the life of this Parsi depicted by Roshan Seth, whose performance has such nuances, subtleties and pleasures. (There is also song.) The rest of the casting is just as strong: from Om Puri, a friend's mysterious friend; Soni Razdan the persistent wife; Vrajesh Hirjee the argumentative eldest son; Sam Dastor the long office member; Ranjit Chowdhry pavement artist; to a superstitious "witch-woman" of a neighbor; a man's unforgettable "fool" and a long lost boyfriend - it is a world with many faces and perspectives. Director Gunnarsson has shown sensitivity in the treatment of this time period, and the topic was well examined with attention to detail. He is fortunate to have Sooni Taraporevala (1992 "Mississippi Masala", 1988 "Salaam Bombay!") Wrote the manuscript. This really is a worthy journey in a movie to attend. <br /> <br /> In line with cultural exploration (road movie style), Fridrik Thor Fridriksson 1994 "Cold Fever" is an Icelandic stay for a Japanese young man who went across the globe in search of the specific place to pay his last respects to his parents, obliging to follow the memory rituals of the dead. Such demonstration of reverence and intercultural attention to family ties is heartbreaking today and cyber age.
