Released just before the Production Code crash in July 1934, Mitch Leisi's all-star-Paramount musical leeringly suggestive - something also claims misogynistic - and very entertaining. Two murders arise on the opening night of "Earl Carroll's Vanities" (one on stage!), But that doesn't stop the manager (Jack Oakie) from putting on a show as a burst police investigator (Victor McLaglen) examines. Everyone hides something, and Gypsy Rose Lee must have seen this backstage murder mystery before she wrote "The G-String Murders" which denouement is alike (though more satisfying here). Gertrude Michael, as an evil diva, stops the show (in more ways than one) with his exotic "Sweet Marijuana" number and Duke Ellington ends with the truncated "Rape Of The Rhapsody". The hit song, "Cocktails For Two", came from this movie. A bizarre and classic camp classic is highly recommended! Here's Louella O. Parsons in the "Los Angeles Exams" May 17, 1934 <br /> <br /> Earl Carroll's hand-picked beauty pirouette on the Grauman United Artists screen in a fig leaf and not much else. But September Morn never had a better figure than these charmers who are made to please the eye, especially the eye of the tired businessman. But don't think for a moment, Mr Carroll's girls, au naturelle, are the only attraction. Believe it or not, MURDER AT THE VANITIES is a musical comedy thriller if you know what I mean - a murder mystery incorporated into a musical show. It all happens on the opening night at the time the game is in progress, and a search is for a killer. Only with excitement a policeman threatens to stop the show every few minutes. Victor McLaglen is something new in the police. All the time he tries to track the killer, he keeps the eye attached to the reflectors. The murder mystery is good except for the denouement, which is quite flat. Probably defective direction. Dorothy Stickney, who plays the girl, is as melodramatic as the heroine of a ten, twenty and thirty show. Without good reason, she ranks an infinite close-up in the big dramatic scene. Girl ensembles are good and it is a positive relief to get away from the inevitable overhead shots. The costumes are beautiful; In fact, this is a musical that Paramount can feel is really to their credit. As for Carl Brisson, he would add to any show. Happy with a lovely voice and an easy, safe way, he is all his press officers claim for him. I also like Kitty Carlisle, who plays the leading lady on the show. Gertrude Michael, as the in-depth villainess, provides an interesting if it is a little fictional depiction. Jack Oakie, as stage manager, is the same old wisecracking Jack, but we didn't want to change him. Jessie Ralph is excellent as the seamstress. Others in the cast are Charles Middleton, Gail Patrick, Donald Meek, Barbara Fritchie, Toby Wing and Lona Andre. The screen shot is by Carey Wilson and Rufus King, and the direction of Mitchell Leisen. The music is by Arthur Johnstone and the lyrics of Sam Coslow. In addition to MURDER AT VANITIES, there is a Mickey Mouse cartoon, a Paramount Newsreel and a two-reel, THE WRONG DIRECTION. <br /> <br /> I disagree with Lolly about denouement, it is satisfactory if over. Why would she blame the director? Was she dissatisfied with the end of history - or the way it was staged? And what is a "ten, twenty or thirty show"? Notice the spin taken at Busby Berkeley and his "overhead shots". As hard as it may be to believe today, the public was tiring of Buzz's schtick in May 1934. Mitch Leisen said, "If you show a stage show to be in a theater, stay within the boundaries of the Proscenium Arch and don't make a Buzz Berkeley routine with a hectare scene set. "<br /> <br /> Q: Don't you think Berkeley's spectacular effects justify this freedom? ML: Apparently they did because they revive all his pictures and none of mine, but I don't like it personally.
