I have read a lot of comments about the movie and how it is so difficult for people to believe that it is a successor to Henry Fool, and although technically speaking, I think Fay Grim should be seen as a completely different movie. Just because it is the successor, it does not mean that it should be a direct continuation of the first, and I enjoyed it so much about it. The whole point of the movie was to change direction from the first, which makes sense because the film is not called Henry Fool 2, it is Fay Grim. All this, the movie, I thought, was so well made and thought out that it actually surprised me. I was expecting to rent another almost released direct movie movie and have to endure 2 hours of poor editing and an almost difficult to follow storyline (aka parks last directly to video have Oh in Ohio), but it was so surprisingly well focused, that it hardly seems like what I absolutely loved. There are so many nuances in the film making and writing that I want to watch in movies, but never do. The camera was brilliant because of it's simplicity and really makes the movie seem 'grim' all the time - in terms of setting. The script was so well put together, who said this movie is not as witty as Henry Fool has to see again and actually hear; I can hardly even begin to explain how actually it was and relevant. And well, Parker Posey, who could complain? The scene where Fool and Jalal spoke in the dark was so captivating and emotional. And I thought the spy in the whole movie was just so fun and look at (in retrospect, because I agree that sometimes during you kind of felt lost). The most important thing that hit me so forcefully about the movie, and I believe in the movie, was Parker's love and naivety about Fool, which was so endearing and turned, yes very quickly, from denial to complete passion. The last five minutes of the movie were perfect. Of course, there were things that were not excellent, but nothing is perfect; some of the actors were poor, and at times I thought that some of the new back story and the dialogue on terrorism were a bit difficult to follow and out of hand, but eventually you got it and didn't even have the time it might have thrown out of your understanding. (This may also have to do with Goldblum's tendency to speak extremely fast) On the whole, I would say that it was probably one of the best movies I've seen this year; stylistically pleasing, clever and whitish writing, performances that were so impressive, I have now gained new respect for some of the actors and a really touching film, and do not forget a complete departure from Fool. Which was the point.
