Generally speaking, Fay Grim is a very entertaining thriller with two of the most incredibly pleasing names in American films, incredibly beautiful and gracefully spunky Parker Posey and infinitely charismatic and inevitably fun Jeff Goldblum. They have many scenes in the first half of the movie, where we see these two insatiable performances volleying out of each other, even radiating with charm when Goldblum rolls off Hartley's shameless epic info dumps. Nevertheless, if one were to deconstruct Fay Grim, one would see many cases where countless scenes could have been pushed for much more benefit than they have resulted in. <br /> <br /> This kind of filmed i-joke is the sequel to Hal Hartley's Henry Fool, which was made ten years earlier. It has the title character Posey forced by the CIA agent Goldblum to track the notebooks, which were the valuable possessions of her missing fleeting man, the predecessor's titular anti-hero. Available within them is information that could provide security for the United States. Fay first makes Paris get hold of them, but is engulfed in a bona fide celebration of espionage cliches with everything from car bombs to ambiguous helpers to following the girl to double cross for triple cross. <br /> <br /> The primary appeal of all for me is that it is such a new approach to the sequel to a movie about a garbageman and a struggling writer in a small town. In the original Henry Fool, Posey played a simple woman who led to a very simple life. Hartley's talents do not reach the heights of many of the other independent novices of the 1990s, but I admire his savage creativity by making an inadvertent near-sister out of her and giving her a great problem as he did for her character brother, played by James Urbaniak in Henry Fool, when she is caught between whether she can still love her overwhelming refugee man and Goldblum's problematic but powerful plans. <br /> <br /> However, Hartley is just riding on the fragmentary idea. His plot, although complex and labyrinthine, is true in the form of the spy film, it seems to be completely moody. The reason I didn't get bored was mostly due to the pace at which the story unfolds, not to mention the presence of Posey and Goldblum. The problem with the rest of Hartley's cast is that I can't seem to love the rest of them. It has nothing to do with how unclear they are compared to the relative star effect of the two aforementioned charmers, but with how they do not seem to hold their own with them, although Saffron Burrows certainly comes close. Most of the scenes that do not involve Posey or Goldblum are too light on their feet and stretches with info-dumps, we have no choice but to listen to or otherwise be completely lost in the subsequent sequence of scenes. They are shot almost entirely in tile as if Hartley compensates for the imperceptible sense of lack of material. <br /> <br /> However, Liam Aiken plays the now teenage son of Fay and Henry, some convincing about him, apparently wise over his years, certainly much wiser than any of the adult characters. Maybe Hartley wanted it or maybe it's just Aiken's presence. The problem with a Hartley movie is that you never quite know what was meant and what just happens to be there. As Scorsese said, "Cinema is a matter of what's in the frame and what's out." One must be able to trust that what we see is a deliberate decision from the film maker to remain in the finished film.
