Okay, this movie represents several things. Initially, this film is about a disgruntled student bringing a gun to school and shooting about. 9 students. A student survives and is in the hospital with major head injuries. The protagonist is what more people regard as a 'loner / goth', despite the film's statement that she is not like that. She seems rather mysterious, but was also the only scary student in that sacrifice comrade. She is questioning having a story of knowing the slider and having an overview of being on the phone with him the night before. In any case, she is a very short and distant person who seems to despise society. Because of some, initially unexplained events, she spent about a year out of school as he did not receive the grade. She wants to get started, and the principle breaks her in the only possible way she can pass is to spend time with survivors, the girl in the hospital. These two leads are almost completely opposite, and they are quite on a social level. While Alisha is a quiet, inwardly disturbed, anti-social "goth" girl who spends her time all alone (though she seems to read quite often, something of a closet / out of closet bookworm), the other girl is rich, popular " bubbly 'girl who always seems incredibly optimistic and trapped in her own fantasy world and ignores the outside world and its realism for survival. I both feel these roles a wonderful job of representing MOST 'cliques' in the modern high school, but more importantly shows how two completely opposite girls who do not know each other finally open each other. While the injured girl learns a deep, meaningful truth about her once protected life and the outside world, Alisha learns that complete surrender of society and locking of everything inside is not always the best. Many people will look to the connection between these two girls and see one of two things. Either, a snobbish, hateful girl who wants him to suffer the rest of the world as she does, takes it out on an innocent girl, or the story of an apparently captured, fantasized girl who meets an outcast to society and teaches Not only that judge, but actually she is perhaps one of the most intelligent people she is known to. In other words, people can watch this movie as a focus on Alisha teaching the other girl a lesson on life, but it's not about it. <br /> <br /> This movie is about many things. While it is all I have said, it is also representative of how people handle a major, life-changing disaster. Really, this movie is not very symbolic, but instead incredibly straightforward with its message, as long as you are not afraid to open your mind and your heart to some emotions, you may not be aware of being imagined so miraculously. br /> <br /> All in all, this movie is one of the best I've ever seen. The play is brilliant, history and representation are deep and meaningful, and the emotions flowing through this movie will have someone who not only relates but may cry. This movie is very heartbreaking and very influenced, and if I ever thought any movie could change a person's life ... this would be the first one that could have changed my. <br /> <br /> If you ever want a movie that moves and affects while it's incredibly entertaining and right, I adored this movie, watch it here.
