Hal Hartley's Henry Fool was an independent film masterpiece and determined his best work. It has a tremendous depth of character, a subtle, complicated dialogue and an excellent emotional ending that captures. I remember to pause it several times during my first visit to absorb what I saw and felt. Henry Fool was a complete movie from start to finish and needed no continuation. <br /> <br /> I was surprised when I heard about Fay Grim. Fay was not one of the main files of the first movie and seemed to exist more like the disturbing imposition of real-world vanity and ignorance for his brother Simon to be forced to handle when he matures. In her own film, Fay matures herself, even though her maturity takes a completely different path. Simon went from almost autistic isolation to a somewhat introverted genius. Fay starts his adult journey as an immature, completely normal, spoiled child and responds to the attack of ridiculous circumstances by becoming a mature, perfectly normal, experienced adult who has no benefits. She deals with problems that every person makes with determination, a little thought and tired contempt. While Simon learned to control his mind, Fay learns to control her feelings. <br /> <br /> The film contains several fondly memorized elements in its prequel, but differs greatly in tone for most of the movie. Henry Fool showed you a hard, dull, ignorant world that was contrary to Simon's inner passion and creativity. In Fay Grim, the world is a lively, crazy emotional place that shows the black life of its young life and through a contrast transforms the inner wise woman who had not previously been developed or raised by her likewise weak mother. <br /> <The film is in two parts, the first dealing with the beginning of Fay's struggle and subsequent hardening due to authoritarian hostility, and the other dealing with her struggle to soften only enough to regain Henry. Initially, Henry Fool's fans may wonder how the movie can even be considered a sequel, thinking that following such an intense movie with spy game antics and physical comedy is crazy. But here is where Fay Grims subtlety lies. The sequel is about Fay's journey, and as I said before, she is one to find life-giving hygiene in chaos, not the creative chaos in standing order. Parker Posey is an excellent actress who captures Hal Hartley's tongue in cheeky humor perfectly. Elina Löwensohn might obscure her in emotional involvement in the role, so Parker can play both straight man and comics against the lively scene-like comedy that takes place around her. <br /> <br /> With Henry's entry into the picture, the movie begins to take a beginner tour. Hal Hartley's movie is all playing, and every game must come in full circle. In the end, you will see Fay's newly developed character and integrity is her offspring with the poorly-intense Henry whose piercing honesty and unique passion leave a spark in someone he meets. <br /> <br /> Fay Grim is an outstanding movie that does not exceed Henry Fool, but shows through Hal's reach that his nuances are nuanced. <br /> Honestly, I think anyone who bashes this movie not only missed the point of a mile (and especially the subtlety of Parker Posey's play), but could not have been very interested in the movie Henry Fool .
