Maybe I would have liked this movie more if I wasn't so attached to the characters in Henry Fool. For those who have never seen Henry Fool, I wouldn't worry. As Hartley fun said in his introduction to the movie at TIFF, the film has lots of exhibits and explanations. <br /> <br /> This movie is very heavy in plot that keeps the movie moving. There are many humorous moments, and the movie certainly has Hartley's brand humor and rhythm of dialogue. Above all, a technically suitable movie and sure to satisfy new fans of Hartley who are just beginning to explore his work. As for the older fans who loved their former works as trust and amateur, this movie could go either. I have mixed feelings about the movie and Hartley's later films in general. What Hartley does best is to put his stories in small situations focusing on the intimate and idiosyncratic ways in which his characters interact. Since its early 90s and beyond, his film has expanded in terms of topic. Mass media in no such, religion in the book of life and now terrorism in Fay Grim. I do not know if Hartley's talents are suitable for such a large subject, or if he is able to do so fairly. <br /> <br /> Oddly, the movie can still be reduced to intimate relationships, a simple love story about a woman who goes to seek the man she loves. The only problem is, I've seen Henry Fool and everyone seems incredibly out of character in this movie. You can see that this movie was written long after Henry Fool was finished without any intention of a sequel. Somehow, the terrorist plot feels conveniently tackled using Henry's prayers of confession as a macguffin (in the sense of hitchcock). Jay's motivation to find Henry just seemed motivated by the needs of the land rather than being faithful to who the fay was as a person in Henry Fool. <br /> <br /> I think I'm a little disappointed with the movie because it's not true to the characters in Henry Fool and it doesn't seem like a straight-forward thriller. There is too much irony and anger in Hartley's approach to such a large topic as terrorism. It works somehow and doesn't work at the same time. All I could say would either love or hate the movie depending on your performance of Hartley's work and how well you know Hartley's work. Fans of Henry Fool are greatly warned of a disappointment. Besides, welcome to Hal Hartley's world and enjoy the trip.
