The 1997 key indie dramedy Henry Fool would apparently have been a safe choice of movie, no one would bother to regain for a successor. A rumpled, dissipated driver (Thomas Jay Ryan) walks into town. His anarchist rantings and delusions inspire a nerdy garbage collector (James Urbaniak) to write poems while Henry half-heartedly tries to boink the guy's sister (Parker Posey). As the poet prospers fall Henry. Nothing special about any of the characters or the story. A pitch for Harold and Maude's Ghost would have been cited more likely to turn it into a screen. <br /> <br /> But Parker Posey is not the semi-official Queen of the Indians for nothing. So when writer / director Hal Hartley made a new incarnation for his cast, a movie was born. Although we catch the same characters many years, they are in a completely different kind of dark comedy; this is twisted with espionage! Henry may have been an international spy - and possibly double, or even triple agent - for many years before meeting the others. He is either dead or in hiding from agents and authorities in many countries. Everyone wants their wandering, incoherent journal, which can only contain coded secrets that can destabilize nations and economies. Poseys Fay is either the wife he left to go on lamb or his widow, depending on who is telling the truth. Jay's efforts to find Henry and / or the highly controversial journals include a globe-trotting bitch of multinational hit characters and henchmen at every turn. She never knows who should believe or trust. We don't. <br /> <br /> While Hartley's script holds these unlikely characters in the Jason Bourne / Jack Ryan territory, Hartley's script preserves the ironic deadpan humor in their first appearance, crashing slapsticks into exposing them to physical threats. His slender lampoon of paranoia, duplicity and musical chairs alliances in today's geopolitics begins to crumble towards the end. Yet fans of the first movie will be pleasantly surprised by the news of Hartley's recycling methods. (05/18/07)
