Fay Grim is on his face told a tale of espionage and intrigue with a nod and a look. As a successor to his extraordinary Henry Fool, Hal Hartley creates a surprising blend of film noir and hard-boiled spy thriller, starting with a familiar smile and great dose of laughter and becoming as exciting and warm as any movie I've seen this year. <Parke Posey is Fay Grim, an ignorant Mata Hari caught between the love of her exiled husband Henry Fool and the dubious intentions of a charming CIA operative. As Agent Fulbright, Jeff Goldblum is a champion of white and sarcasm, in a role tailored to his talents. He's never been better. James Urbaniak is Fay's brother Simon, imprisoned, but known for his popular poetry books. His love for his work and his sister brings a passion of passion to contrast the expensive nature of the spies, which eventually fills Fay's world. And Liam Aiken is Fay's oversized 14-year-old son. Although it may be superfluous. Aiken's undervalued style is remarkably "old soul" to anyone his age. The whole movie is shot Dutch angle, the off-kilter style that was famous by Orson Welles and used primarily in horror movies and psychological thrillers to give a sense of vanity. In Fay Grim, using this style from opening credits to closing there is exciting first, deceptive wise next. Because just as the viewer begins to fall to the perfectly timed comic elements and with Hartley's brilliant script, something happens. The film takes a dark yet strange comforting trip, as these characters become magical to our eyes. What began as dark comedy morphs in romantic drama, and the transition is masterful. Slow pacing gives room for a breathtaking action and we are sucked straight into the whirlpool. <br /> <br /> Finally, Hartley's crisp dialogue combined with the amazing performance of a perfectly matched ensemble cast gives a delicious cinematic cocktail. The tale of the luxury of one who is able to write, produce, correct, edit and even compose the music, Hal Hartley has designed a smart, sexy tale of espionage with the tongue, just barely planted in the cheek. Fay Grim is a part of Dashiell Hammett, some Raymond Chandler, and some Ian Fleming, shaken and perhaps even stirred.
