I have a deep taste for this movie, although apparently it is less 'polished' than the other Fred and Ginger movies, not to mention the slightly problematic casting of Harriet Hillard in the leading romantic role. <br /> <br /> Once again with these films, the plot has a minor consequence - Astaire plays a rather unlikely sailor (there is an excellent former hoofer (of course!)) and Rogers an aspiring performer in a seedy dime-a- dance music hall. Although their relationship is bright and fun to see, they are struck by an unbearable main story of Hilliard and Randolph Scott who fail to find any chemistry between them. <br /> <br /> Though it was a last minute decision, Hilliard was quite unhappy with this as she didn't have the screen presence to give this movie what it needs, even though it's sweet and comfortable throughout. The film may have benefited from promoting Lucille Balls wisely cracking, world-knitting character to a greater role as she just shone in every little scene and would have made a good Helen Broderick-type sidetrack for Rogers in this kind of bright movie (See 'Stage Door ', made the following year, for an example of amazing scenes between these two amazing actresses). That Scott's one-dimensional Neanderthal character eventually falls in love with Hilliards is even harder to believe than Astaire's in Navy! <br /> <br /> Now on the important part, song and dance: There is nothing more to say about "Let's see music and dance" other than it is brilliant and moving and perfectly done and I often finish see the scene with tears in my eyes. But other songs in the film also deserve some recognition; "I put all my eggs in a basket" is a great example of the comical instincts of Astaire and Rogers, and almost throws fun on their reputation for bursting into spontaneous, perfectly synchronized dance. Other highlights are "I'd rather lead the band" and "Let yourself go" that shows how these two talents could perform as well alone as together. I almost forgot to mention that this is one of the few (if not the only) time we see Astaire brilliant playing on the piano; It seems that this man's talents were endless! In general, I actually prefer this to Top Hat and Swing Time (though only it is), as it is more grounded and performed so enthusiastically by everyone involved, it's hard not to like the fun factor.
