Plot is never the strong point of a Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers movie, but the "Follow The Fleet" manuscript is exceptionally mediocre. Fred and Ginger are still in order - they play "Bake" Baker and Sherry Martin, dancers whose personal and professional partnership ended when Bake joined Navy. When they meet again, their love-hate relationship creates some entertaining comics. But for much of the movie, they take a back seat to a dull subplot about Sherry's sister Connie (Harriet Hilliard), her love for sailor Bilge Smith (Randolph Scott), Bilge's dalliance with another woman, and an old schooner that Connie inherited from her father. Although Hilliard is quite charming, this plot is uninteresting. <br /> <br /> But at the same time, "Follow the Fleet" is blessed with an unusual Irving Berlin score that gives the stars plenty of opportunities to show off their talents. Astaire gets two good solos with "We Saw the Sea" and "I'd rather lead a band." He sings expressively and of course dances electrifying - and the sailcloth makes him look a little more boyish and athletic than normal. Rogers sings the captivating "Let Yourself Go" and later makes a solo tap dance for the same tune. <br /> <br /> The three duets really save the movie, even though they're all shoe horns in the plot with silly excuses. Fred and Ginger win a dance competition by making an energetic routine for another rendition of "Let yourself go". Later, they sing and dance "I put all my eggs in a basket" as if it were an early repetition of the song that flirted choreography into comic effect. In the end, the film finally draws on how to get Fred and Ginger tonight out for a romantic duet - that makes it part of a show-within-the-show. The situation is designed, but the song "Let's Face the Music and Dance" is one of the most sinuously beautiful things Berlin has ever written (it is similar to Cole Porter), and the dance matches it with elegance. Quintessential Astaire and Rogers. <br /> <br /> Sitting through most of the dialog sections in "Follow the Fleet" would be a task again and in fact it is not necessary because the plot rarely produces the musical numbers. But I could see the songs again and again.
