If Hollywood is to be believed, being in Navy is nothing more than a bludge. Although the sailors can complain about the monotony of the ocean, their oceanic duties seem to be completely non-existent, and in a way, Fred Astaire finds enough leisure time to offer dance courses to a fleet of wild romanticists. Such is the world of Astaire and Rogers. Mark Sandrich's previous film, 'Top Hat (1935)' completely ignored the great depression that then brought America to its knees and presented the audience with a sparkling world of the rich and famous; It was the film's optimistic outlook on life that might have contributed to its success. Similarly, Sandrich consciously forgets that the life of a naval man is difficult and drained, and instead replaces a sailor's task with a selection of captivatingly light music. <br /> <br /> "Bake" Baker (Astaire) and Sherry Martin (Rogers) are two former dance partners whose romantic relationships fell apart after the latter rejected a marriage proposal. After returning from several years of Navy work, Bake finds Sherry as a dance hostess in an unsophisticated San Francisco ballroom. While the two former lovers alternately try to awaken and ward off each other, Sherry's simple music teacher (Harriet Hilliard, looks really pretty) receives a complete makeover and tries to charm superficial sailor Bilge "Bilgey" Smith (Randolph Scott). There are lots of the usual screwball comedy shenanigans, a few moments of wrong identity and even a fun-trained monkey who steals every scene it's in. Especially fun is the scene where Bake sabotages a performers audition to create a window to his alienated girl; Unfortunately for both of them, it is an unfortunate Sherry who drinks the bicarbonate of soda and loses her ability to sing. <br /> <br /> 'Follow the Fleet (1936)' was the fifth winning collaboration between Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers, and the third (out of five) where Sandrich directed the pair. Irving Berlin gave the film's music and lyrics, and each musical number is pleasantly bright and entertaining, although they are not as memorable as those in Top Hat (1935), 'Swing Time (1936)' or 'Shall We Dance (1937). 'Astaire tries to break free from its typical rich human-to-city persona without great success, but it is hard to imagine the practitioner without the divine carefree charm that could only accompany being significantly wealthy. Side-plot of the romance between Connie and Bilge works well with the two main stars antics and Harriet Hilliard (wearing a brunette wig to avoid colliding with Ginger's blonde hair) has a few emotional solo numbers, including "Get Thee Behind Me Satan" which was originally written for 'Top Hat'.
