What an entertaining movie. Astaire and Randolph Scott are in Navy. Astaire must return to Ginger in San Francisco while Scott must be convinced that Harriet Hilliard is worth his wife. Everything works fine. <br /> <br /> It's sometimes argued, and I can see why Scott's romance with Hilliard is unnecessary and slows down the plot. Particularly painful is Hilliard's song of sappy love songs. I could have done without her singing enough, but I found the romance to be touching. Hilliard enters the movie as a music teacher, wearing a pair of glasses, no makeup and the ugliest clothing known to man or animal. No wonder Scott avoids her until she commits sexually under the leadership of her sister Ginger and a slim Lucille Ball. The problem is that after her makeup she looks like the same opaque clear woman as before, only with a glossy outfit. It's hard enough for a homely guy. But at least one man can become wealthy and strong and popular, so he can still collect women even though he looks like JoJo Dog-Faced Boy. But what does an ordinary woman do? The same roads to romance are not open to her. Henry Kissinger had groupings. Did Margaret Thatcher? It must be awful to be an ordinary woman in a culture as cruel as ours. As a kind of footnote I have to mention that Randolph Scott was smoked to be bisexual by Hollywood gossip who needed some nonsense to chew on, and it's funny that he has the following line in this movie when he goes home Hilliard off - "Women don't interest me, sister." The movie probably gives more quality time to Ginger Rogers than any of her other films with Astaire. And she's amazing. She is beautiful, sexy, a talented actress and dancer, and the manuscript also gives her good comics. "Let's kiss and make up," Astaire explains. "Let's just quit," she says, "that will give you something to work on." It's also the only movie she made with Astaire, giving her a solo number during an audition. (Choreographed by Hermes Pan.) Her performance is accidentally sabotaged by Astaire, releasing some Alka Seltzer or something in her water, and she hesitates through her number and burping is too crowded for the time being. <br /> <br /> As a dancer, I wanted to make a fantastic circus elephant, so my opinion must be taken as an amateur's opinion, but I think their dances together are the same as they put on film. Your first, during a dance competition, "Let yourself go" is the most wildly bubbly for anyone I can remember. And the only dramatic duet, "Let's see music and dance," must be among their finest. The last step they leave is spectacular. <br /> <br /> I like the movie for reasons of personal resonance. I remember seeing it for the first time in a theater in downtown San Diego, next to a shop called "The Seven Seas" that provided sailors. I was in uniform at the time and was impressed by the treatment of names careers in Astaire and Scott. What I mean is here we have this scary musical comedy that is due to absolutely nothing for the historical reality, yet they pay their taxes, unlike most of their other attitudes. Skip ship, Astaire calls for a "water taxi". I had just taken a water taxi in country myself. The uniforms are correct during the period (as opposed to, they say in "On the Town"). And they are worn properly, hats down to two finger widths over eyebrows and not strained back. And there are two incidents where Astaire runs into a problem with the naval authorities and they are both handled with the utmost seriousness and are thoroughly credible. An officer stops Astaire from leading a jazz band during inspection and reports to the captain: "They played when the call was sounded, sir. I'm sure there was no discipline." That's what an officer - a good officer - would say and no laughs. The series was a bit repetitive when "Follow the Fleet" was made so instead of putting Fred in high society and a tuxedo they beat him in a chewing gum-chewing swabbie instead. That was a good idea. And the dance numbers are up to the concept.
