As a massive fan of imagination in general and by Neil Gaiman * in particular *, I have been so pleasingly so and with such a bittersweet mix of expectation and fear of disappointment that I can look forward to this movie. hardly think it's finally here. And you know what? I don't have to be scared, the movie version is awesome. Different from the book, but in a good way - less whimsical, more comical, still deeply sweet and enchanting. <br /> <br /> The special effects are absolutely spot-on and make magic feel a natural and proper part of the Wall's world without being overtly spectacular and intrusive. <br /> <br /> Proper attention has been given to narration and pacing, and the casting is a triumph with the ghostly princes (whose main call almost reads as a "who's who" currently cool British comedy - Rupert Everett, David Walliams from Little Britain's fame, two of the blocks from the Green Wing, etc.) steal most of the best lines and virtually all the movie's funniest moments that exist in abundance. <br /> <br /> In fact, the only minor criticism I have on the whole movie is that sometimes the comedy elements become slightly OTT, subtlety goes out of the window to break down the main story. Ricky Gervais's cameo, for example, was way too much just "Ricky Gervais makes his usual David Brent from Office Comedy Persona" to my liking and in my opinion created an unwelcome and jolting break from the magical spell of the advancing story (though In my memory I believe in the Ferdy character in the original book, it was "Ricky Gervais" question when I think back on it). But it's a minor nuisance in an otherwise immaculately cast and scripted adventure with a good mix of action and romance. Charlie Cox, as the protagonist Tristan, captures the right mix of naivety, subtle comedy and self-realization, required for a story like this, where a "humble young boy goes on a life-changing quest"; Claire Danes as Yvaine is beautiful, feisty and as little alien or ethereal, a perfect interpretation of her stellar role; Robert De Niro, in the companion whom all reviewers talk about, is really deserving of praise, throws himself in good fun (looks as if he also has a ball) ... and Michelle Pfeiffer is triumphantly cool and uncomfortable as evil witch Lamia , my favorite performance of the movie overall. If you enjoy her delicious btchy performance in the recent "Hairspray" then you will also enjoy her in this too. <br /> <br /> So to round off this review: you will laugh, you will surely smile and you can even cry - Stardust is a beautiful, heartfelt adventure for the whole family with a heart of gold and more sass'n smarts than it is immediately apparent. One of my all-time favorite films is the amazing princess bride, and Stardust is easily accompanied by this for good reason, as it is a very similar type of movie exploring similar themes and territory .... and like The Princess Bride Stay fresh, smart and fun twenty years after the first release, I think Stardust's delicious heavy-in-kind sweetness will turn out to be a family favorite on our television (or similar future device!) for many years to come.
