Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers, Hollywood's premiere dance team, were usually dressed for the noses and hovered through artificially exaggerated Art Deco sets in the 1930s. But they go a little more scaled down to this 1936 outing, the fifth of their ten musicals together. This time, Astaire's top hat, white tie and tails pass away to become a bubblegum-chewing sailor named "Bake" Baker; and Rogers plays the dance hall entertainer Sherry Martin, who was Bake's partner - dance and otherwise - before joining. Therefore, unlike the wrong identity ploys and romantic hesitation, which is widespread in most of their past matings, they are already a couple from the movie. Directed by Mark Sandrich (who led five of their mating), that movie carries a narrative resemblance to the 1935 "Roberta", where they are only one of two couples in the big line. In fact, Randolph Scott plays the other male lead in both films, this time as Bake's womanizing crewmate, "Bilge" Smith. He is partner with not Irene Dunne (who understandably knocked down this follow-up) but Harriet Hilliard. Just married Ozzie Nelson in real life and decades before Ozzie & Harriet play Hilliard Sherry's spinsterish sister Connie, who hit hard for Bilge. In the stupid plot she gets a makeup of a young, bleached blonde Lucille Ball, and there are classic three-way shots of Hilliard, Ball and a kewpie doll, adorable Betty Grable in front of a mirror. <br /> <br /> Talking about the story of one, Allan Scott and Dwight Taylor are credited and go something like this ... Bake and Bilge are on leave in San Francisco where they end up in a dance hall with their rowdy masters. Bake finds Sherry working while Bilge enters Connie first when she comes in as a dowdy spinster and then turns out to be a glamorous girl. Romance flourishes for both couples. Connie and Sherry inherit a vapor from their father, but they need money to keep it fleeting. Several misunderstandings occur in both relationships, but it all works when they change the steamship into a theater and put a fundraising musical revue. It's as stupid as it sounds, but it gives a good excuse for some memorable Irving Berlin tunes and a trio of Astaire-Rogers dances. The first two are casual in tone - a dance competition set for the percolating "Let Yourself Go", where they show mercilessly to win and a physical shipping comedy routine set to toe-tapping "I put all my eggs in a basket". But their last dance is a classic return to formality with a melodramatic piece beautifully set for a fantastic event of "Let's Face the Music and Dance". Impressive, this film contains not only an Astaire dance solo, but the only time Rogers ever had a dance solo for himself in one of their films, an energetic push routine set to "let yourself go". Dressed in a creamy satin sailor outfit, she also sings the same song most winning near the beginning of the movie. <br /> <br /> Acting-wise, Astaire and Rogers are in a typically comic cartoon here. While Scott plays his role with his trademark cocky virility, Hilliard is an extremely boring presence, and as a former band singer, she performs two Berlin's love songs in a frustratingly diffident manner. Whatever makes the magic generated by Astaire and Rogers in their primary this important view. The 2005 DVD has several good extras that begin with a thirteen minute featurette, "Follow the Fleet: Origins of Those Dancing Feet," on how Astaire and Rogers began working together. There is also a live action "soundie" called "Melody Master: Jimmie Lunceford and his Dance Orchestra", a poultry-themed cartoon called "Let It Be Me" and the original theater trailer.
