Dogstay is a deliberately ugly and unpleasant study of life in a particularly boring suburb of Vienna. It comes from former documentary film Ulrich Seidl, who adopts a very documentary-like approach to the material. However, the film comes away from normal types and presents us with characters that are best described as "extremes" ?? some are extremely lonely; some extremely violent; some very strange; some extremely rude; some extremely frustrated and misunderstood; etc. The film combines several nearby plot minor episodes that blend from time to time, each according to the characters within a few days during a sweltering Viennese summer. Very few viewers will get away from the movie feeling entertained ?? The intention is to point out the many things that are wrong with people, the many evils that plague our society in general. It's a thought-provoking movie, and its conclusions are pretty amazing at all. A fussy old widow fantasizes about her older cleaning lady and wants her to perform a striptease for him while wearing his late wife's clothes. A nightclub dancer is opposed to the mighty jealousy and violent behavior of his boys' boyfriend lover. A couple who mourn their dead daughter can no longer communicate with each other and seek comfort by having sex with other people. An abusive man abuses his wife, but she forgives him again and again. A security dealer desperately tries to find the culprit behind some vandalism in a workplace, but ends up choosing an innocent scapegoat. And a mentally ill woman keeps hitching rides with strangers and insults them until they throw her out of the car! The lives of these different characters converge over several days during an intense summer heat wave. <br /> <br /> The despair in the movie is palpable. Many scenes are characterized by long, awkward postures that are twice as effective as a whole dialogue can be. Then there are other scenes where the dialogue and screen events allow you to become reeling. Especially a scene where the security dealer leaves the female hitch-hiker for the mercy of the gracious guy - to be beaten, raped and humiliated (fortunately all on the screen) for some vandalism she did not even awaken - a sour, almost sour taste. In another scene, a man has a lit candle squeezed at his rear end and is forced to sing the folk song on rifles, all as part of his punishment to be uncomfortable for his wife. While we may wish to see that this believer receive his coming, we are at the same time horrified and rude by the nature of his punishment. In fact, such sharp contrasts can act as a summary of the entire movie - every moment of pleasure is counterbalanced by a moment of cold. Every fate of hope is counteracted with a sense of despair. For every character you like or feel sympathetic to, there is another that encourages nothing but anger and hatred. We may turn away from Dog Stage, to dismiss it as an exercise in misery, but it also points to some unpleasant truths, and for that it should be applauded.
