There is something special about the Austrian films not only by Seidl, but also by Spielmann and other directors. This is the penetrating sense of reality that never leaves the viewer in the whole movie. Dog training is no exception. This effect is achieved not only by the depicted stories, but also by actors who play. In Hundstage I have never had the feeling that these are actors, but in reality people. So really is the viewer's emotional feeling ... Almost as if the grumpy pensioner or lonely lady in the movie lives below you in your block. Anyone living in Vienna can undoubtedly painfully recognize the people in the movie with their meckern / suder (complaints), their hidden sexual intrusion, and prolo macho guys. This is further enhanced by the Viennese dialect, which, according to many, is specifically made to complain as a lifestyle. A special parochialism and arrogance typical of Vienna is also very well portrayed. <br /> <br /> The Welsh suburbs have a living presence in the movie with their stupidity and drowsiness where nothing happens. In addition, they have become a celebration of materialism with shopping centers and large department stores. In the middle of it, the people's houses, where they pamper what they reckon with, are pleasurable activities and try to keep in touch with their human self, but in vain. The examples are the old lady's sexual games with the men who are bordering on rape, the prolo guy loses his nerves and hits his girlfriend and the young woman who hitchhikes and annoys her drivers. <br /> <br /> The movie has no soundtrack, as it only concentrates on the normality / abnormality of its images. Another typical feature of Seidl (and other Austrian directors) is his expulsion of disturbing sexual images. These include the removal of the old woman for her husband, the sexual scenes in the bath, the woman's sexual game with the two men in her apartment, etc. In Dog Stage Seild has portrayed the lives of people who may ultimately be as much wiener as they could be citizens of Paris, New York or Madrid. Viewers should not despise or feel ashamed of the Viennese in the movie, as they themselves could become victims of the same human alienation and alienation, albeit in different circumstances. Eventually, I think Seidl's film is a warning to us about the horrible state of human relations so brutally revealed in Dog Stage. And if the viewer does not undermine the causes of this evil transformation, Seidl has achieved its goal.
