This film will be ranked as one of the most disturbing and arresting films this year. It's one of the few movies, perhaps the only one that actually gave me shakes: not even Pasolini's Sálo, which this movie compares, has affected me that way. I saw echoes in the film from filmmakers like Pasolini, Fassbinder and others. I had to ask myself what was the movie that made me feel like I was doing it? I think the answer would be that I watched a horror movie, but one that tolerates or even reverses the convention's genre. In a horror movie, there will typically be terrible and frightening things, but on margins from civilized society: abandoned houses, abandoned hotels, castles, cemeteries, mornings, etc. This action of the subject in horror is, in my view, a kind of defense mechanism, a dark principle and Opacity serves as a kind of projective space for viewers' wishes and fears. So from this perspective, Dog Stage is not a horror movie; It takes place in a completely normal society, and neither does it in the horror film's histrionics. But what you see is the shift of some key themes from the horror genre, especially in terms of the body and its violation, the steps of scare and torture it can accomplish. What Seidl does is to use the settings of an everyday class community as a stage where a repetitive play of sexual aggression, loneliness, lack and intimacy and integrity is reproduced: precisely the themes you would find in horror but exposed to a principle about light and transparency from which there is no escape. It is precisely in this displacement that Seidl's film is inhabited. Dogstay deals with these cases as a function of everyday life, showing them in quoted repetition, rather than as extremity and catharsis-a trait you would encounter in this horror genre. An important reference point here is Rainer Werner Fassbinder. Fassbinder also had a way of blending the political with the personal in his film, a melodrama tactic that allowed him to act seriously and even morally with political issues such as racism, domination, desire, issues of ownership, sexual property and control , fascism and capitalism, etc. Seidl's tactic of making daily society's mechanisms the subject of his film puts him in the immediate vicinity of Fassbinder; Like this German ally, he has a kind of political vision for society, which he believes it is his responsibility to make in his films. During a seminar at the Gothenburg Film Festival this year, when Seidl was a guest, he was asked why he wanted so many cases of violated, subjugated women in Dog Stage, but no case of a woman fighting back and liberating herself. Seidl replied that some might see it as immoral to show violence against women, but that he himself felt it would be immoral not to show it. An artistic statement as good as any, I think. Thank you.
