This afternoon we took the kids to the cinema and saw Neil Gaimans Stardust, and all I can say is Wow. It's rarely that I am totally surprised at all, but it's probably the greatest fantasy movie I've ever seen, maybe even the best movie of any kind, and that's all Neil Gaiman's fault. <br /> <br /> Surely, I could have sucked into the wonderful dialogue that was smart, flowing smoothly, and making the signs completely credible. <br /> <br /> I could continue today on the spectacular play, Charlie Cox is perfect as Tristan, Claire Daines is Brilliant as Yvaine, and Robert Di Nero almost steals the movie as Deeply Closet Pirate Captian Shakespeare. The pure joy caused by the humor that managed to be Laugh our Loud funny, Intelligent enough to make the first Shrek look like an 80's Sitcom, and blend perfectly with the rest of the movie alone would have made this a great movie. <br /> <br /> Special effects were almost perfect, but this was not the LOTR or Star Wars SF Extravaganza, but where they were in use, they were exactly what was required, not too much to distract you from the film itself and blended perfectly into the story. <br /> <br /> So is the story? What can I say. How often do you come across a story that includes all the classic fairytale formula components that don't just come as another cheap Princess Bride knockoff. It manages to be known and comfortable and yet completely new and refreshing at the same time. Any of these things would have made this a good movie, all combining makes it a good movie, but they pale in comparison to the rich enchanting world that these elements combine to bring life good. Once again, Neil Gaiman has done it, he has pushed another dagger into my heart by creating a fantasy business that is so beautiful and enchanting that I would do almost everything to live in it and only gave me a brief insight into the. I didn't want it to end, I wanted to be sucked through a whirlpool to Stormhold's country and to meet Tristan and Yvaine personally to raise his fields and valleys. Strolling through it is marketplaces and meeting with residents, both dangerous and friendly and remain there forever. It's a feeling I've noticed every time I read something of Gaiman, The Sandman, American Gods, Coraline, everyone left me with a deep sense of sadness when I finished reading them because it was over , I could not see anything more in worlds he had created that seemed to be so much more vivid and alive than the one I am forced to live in and see Stardust, was no different. In the end, I'm sure Neil's writing and this movie won't have the same effect on everyone, but trust me when I say you won't regret the time or money spent watching this movie it's Easily one of the top 5 movies I've ever seen, and I can guarantee that anyone with a soul will at least like it.
