To make it short and not spoil everything this movie is about Kip (Giovanni Ribsi), a car thief that crushes a huge supply of stolen cars (50 in total). He is so threatened to be killed by the man who gave him the "order". The goal now is to get 50 cars stolen in 3 days using Randall (Nicolas Cage), a retired booster and also Kip's brother and a couple of old friends of Randall's. As you can see, this is the same old, big brother needs to get lil 'bridge' out of trouble, and of course Randall is the best thief ever. Of course, as in all other films, there are also a few setbacks and surprises that you would never have thought of, but sometimes it is also predictable, so there is no desire for the story. <br /> <br /> Now you're probably wondering why it's 51 times HOT STUFF, as there are only 50 beautiful, fast, cool and expensive cars to be stolen. Well the other hot topic in this movie is Sway (Angelina Jolie (who will be a big STAR (believe me))). She is not only very convincing in the role of car theft, but she is also quite warm. Ok not hot as in beautiful but hot as in the cool and sexy fat. She was very trustworthy in this role, probably because she is also a kind of wild woman in real life (don't believe me, read her biography) and for the sexy part just see herself husband. I only know that she plays the kind of girl I like in this movie because she is not too mainstream, a little alternative look, and she even comes with a tattoo. OK the only drawbacks I felt while watching this movie was that there is not so much action, there is a totally unrealistic scene, the story is just ok and there are not many jokes. Hi, but after watching the whole movie I have to say: WHERE USER. Why do I have to say it well because it was still entertaining; had a few cool car seats; good music; some Bruckheimer scenes (where the combination of music and the actors' lines make their eyes wet); good actors who all did their jobs beautiful cars; a cool, wild, sexy lady (yes, I mean Mrs Jolie) and last but not least very nice and cool tools to increase the cars with. Saw some downsides here, but still a pretty good and entertaining movie. All in all, the best way to describe this movie is that it's an overall OK movie with a cool ?? numb end. <br /> <br /> As for Nicolas Cage, well ?? In fact, he is one of my most favorite actors in the action genre today for such great films as The Rock, Con Air, Face / Off, Snake Eyes and finally this one. Plus which actor has had so many good action / thriller in recent years and so successful? Now no !!! Maybe Jackie Chan, but he's also one of my favorites. One thing that is true about Mr. Cage's Bruckheimer film is that they get worse. The Rock, was a clear 9, Con air was a lovely 8 and this well clear is a 7. Not that the selection is bad. Doesn't it show that his film under Bruckheimer gets worse and that Cage might have to think longer before accepting a role in a movie and probably should he make a few smaller movies? No, it doesn't show us that, because almost all Cage's films were successful in the last few years, except for 8mm and spreading the dead. 8mm wasn't great, I admit it, but it was never Cage's fault, and the story seemed good to me. About the latter movie I can't say anything, because I haven't seen it yet. One thing, though I know for sure, if Bruckheimer would have asked me for the three films, I would have said yes to them all. I would have said yes to The Rock because the story was amazing and because you would play with Sean Connery and Ed Harris. I would have said yes to Con Air because there would be a lot of action in it because the story was good and because you had to deal with John Malkovich and Ving Rhames. In this I would have played because I would have gotten a big paycheck, I would have been able to drive some cool and fast cars and because I would have been able to kiss Angelina Jolie (can't wait to see her in the Lara Croft outfit). This was a good choice by Mr. Cage and it was definitely worth a visit in the theater. <br /> <br /> 7 out of 10
