Well, it was definitely a surprise episode. In this anthology science fiction series with all of these alien creatures, extraordinary events and many brushes with subsequent, this episode would surely be so unusual. Its seemingly insignificant apparently does not suggest any morality at the end of history. Or does it? Kicking off with Silent Movie Form, no recorded dialogue, but has musical accompaniment. In this case, it is on the soundtrack without using the Organ or Piano Playback of an on-screen musician. This part of the episode, along with the closing section, also made liberal use o Title Cards, like "The Old Time Movies." While these titles are slightly exaggerated and overdone, they are made so intentionally and with a love of rather than contempt for The Silent Film. Veteran Comedy Film Director, Norman Z. McLeod, was the chairman of this half-hour installment. He had been the director of many of the greatest comedies from all the time that played people like Marx Brothers, W.C. Fields, Harold Lloyd and Danny Kaye. He was no stranger to having television, since he had worked a lot with TV shows. It doesn't seem like he and Mr. Keaton had ever worked together (since I can't find any evidence of this) 'but judging by the outcome of the movie managed to do it with flying colors! Anyone who instructed Keaton was aware that Buster was also a fine comedian as well as a comedy player. He was just as comfortable behind the camera as he was in front of it. Their short partnership must have been harmonious, with "giving and taking" how to do things. It is evident that many of the guards were Keaton, resurrected from his own silent picture days. For example, the gag was putting on pair of pants with Rollo's (Stanley Adams assistance) made by Keaton and Roscoe "Fatty" Arbuckle in one of Arbuckle 2 Reelers, THE GARAGE (1919). It was a clear example of his craft in a nutshell. <br /> <br /> Buster knew we were filming our world with a camera, making it a two-dimensional image. This one fact is at the bottom of so many gags. It is a cardinal rule for his film production. <br /> <br /> The molding was small and even just shock full of veteran talent. Stanley Adams was Rollo and acted as Keaton's straight man. Jesse White, the old 'Maytag Repair Man', stuck to the shop that secured the 'Time Helmet'. Gil Lamb, serene veteran of the RKO Short Comedy series, was the 1890s Cop. James Flavin, George E.Stone, Harry Fleer, Warren Parker and Milton Parsons all rounded this pretty quiet cast. <br /> <br /> Without wasting the prayers, let's just say yes, it's probably a lesson to learn here. If not the one already mentioned: "The grass always looks greener on the other side of the fence!" So what about, "Beware what you ask for because you just get it!"
