This is a clever episode of TWILIGHT ZONE that was cartoon rather than strange or tragic. Buster Keaton is Woodrow Mulligan, a caretaker from 1890 America, works in a laboratory. He constantly runs over the life problems around him: Meat is too expensive (it's like $ 1.00 / lb. Not known!). He always shouts for crazy speeders (on bikes - cars are not yet occupied). Griping to the end he sees a helmet as a scientist and puts it on and tries it. Suddenly he is in modern America. The beginning was a seven minute audio film. Now it's all noise, everybody talking, everybody beeps, everybody blows. Keaton is here only a few minutes when he realizes that the world has changed and not for the better. He enters Stanley Adams, a professor Rollo, who realizes that Mulligan is from c. 1890 (he mentions President Cleveland). Rollo has always wanted to live in the charming, quiet age. He helps Mulligan get the helmet repaired and they go back in time. Rollo gets bored after a while because of the lack of scientific equipment he can use. Mulligan puts his helmet on him and sends him into the future. But now Woodrow is quite satisfied with the quiet, simple age he lives in. He has found satisfaction. In his last fifteen years, Buster Keaton was often on television (many times for Allan Funt at CANDID CAMERA, where he could help create sight gag tricks on the public). He also made a few movies (especially a FUNNY THING HAPPENED ON THE WAY TO THE FORUM and THE RAILRODDER). But he occasionally appeared in video games and episodes. He is in his element here, presumably advising the director (the old comedy film director Norman McLeod - he ruled the Marx Brothers in HORSE FEATHERS) on the tricks he could do. See how Stanley Adams and his time Adams choose him when he snatches a pair of pants he needs. In terms of timing, it reminds of the gags he made in the 20s in movies like SHERLOCK JR. The section shows Keaton in fine fat for a man in his sixties. <br /> <br /> The look of Jesse White (here as a repairman of all things) is always welcome. But look a bit at "Professor Rollo". Stanley Adams was a well-known figure in film and television from the 1950s onwards to his tragic suicide in 1977. Plump, with uncontrolled appearance and heavy and thriving voice, was his best known dramatic role as a wrestling promoter in the film version of REQUIEM FOR A WHERE (he wants Anthony Quinn to be a wrestler wearing a costume like an Indian). His most famous television appearance was as the space industry introducing the Starship Enterprise crew in STAR TREK to the fresh, fertile little creatures "Tribbles" (as in "The Trouble With"). Adams was always worth watching (like Jesse White and certainly Keaton), which improved most of the productions he performed in. I never understood his suicide, but it was a sad end to a first-class character.
