Cosimo (Luis Guzman) ends up in prison for burglary, and he is scheduled for the perfect heist from a prisoner in prison; so he has to get out of jail, quickly. He tells his girlfriend Rosalind (Patricia Clarkson) to find a man who will make his time in prison for some money. But no one wants to make time for Cosimo's crime and yet everyone seems to know a guy who wants to do it. Soon, the bad boxer Pero Mahalovic (Sam Rockwell) finds the details of this so-called "perfect job". <br /> <br /> First of all, I think this movie was very fun and from my point of view I would recommend it to everyone. This movie is remake of Italian comedy "I Soliti Ignoti". I didn't see the Italian original, so I can't judge or compare the two movies. But "Welcome to Collinwood" is a great comedy for itself, about four people trying to steal the money from the vault of a house. Everyone gave their share of shine from this film casting. Really excellent movies for these actors: Sam Rockwell, William H. Macy (big), Isaiah Washington, Michael Jeter (great), Luis Guzmán, Patricia Clarkson, Jennifer Esposito and finally George Clooney gave their share in this project. <br /> <br /> Perhaps saying this movie is only comedy is not fair. This is more than that. Because of a difference. All twenty in this movie have very small desires when asked: what will they do with their money? It mostly ensures their future in a very humble way. This fact goes beyond comedy in the criminal souls. And not just them, but also the police Babitch, who is presented as destroyed so here directors Russo presents us that criminals and policeman are the same. In fact, everyone is in Collinwood; And not only in Collinwood, everybody causes hunting money, legally or illegally. I don't like any movie where the audience eventually likes and toast for twenty. But this is the exception. You must love them all. Riley with her little baby and wife in prison. Toto with his pants. Cosimo with his line: "Your mother is a whore!" and everyone else. They are like characters in my favorite cartoon, Alan Ford. They all try to make some money, but they are simply out of luck. But they all did a good job: they gave money to Riley so he can get his wife out of prison. They are all heroes in my eyes, because many "honest" people would not.
