Once I watched the movie at 14, I remember being hit by hearing the word 'govno' (sh * t) for the first time ever on the still Soviet television (I bet it really was * the first time in history 锟拷 拷 someone will add this to the trivia section? :) ... What open boldness and freedom, I thought! Over the years, I was increasingly impressed with the movie and the incredible action, but my feelings became a kind of mix of enjoyment from a true piece of cinematographic art and a bitter realization of a concept diametrically opposed to my 14-y.o. impressions: helplessness. There is an air of inevitable disaster that hits the whole movie, of primitive degenerate tides (done by Sharikov), sweeping the lives of the finest minds that promote humanity in their territories. It is a great metaphor about the Russian Revolution in general, inspired by intellectuals, ashamed of their superiority and hoping to "upgrade" the lower classes, only to release power with mediocrity and be swallowed by it ... An extremely fine and talented part that wraps a really sad idea in an excellent satirical and elegant form. Symbolically, did the film itself mark the end of Soviet film traditions before the Hollywood tsunami knocked them over? for good it seems to judge by most current russian movies (most of them are labeled 'blockbusters' in prerelease !!! trailers and posters :). Funnily is the 'govno' episode without contradiction to Ephesian's commentary on the rugged language of the current generation ... From what I have already said, it may seem that this may be the movie that led this way, but that was it does not. A mild word according to current standards, it was too rude then and just rude enough to show the true nature of all Sharikov's ... BTW, re-ephenst's complaint, it's sooo naive to sit together as intellectually and use rude lexicon, especially for Russian speakers, where a single cussword could have meanings that take sentences in translation! But I am sorry to say that ALL the meaning of today's teenager's speech can be expressed by cusswords. I feel this is the bigger problem than their choice of medium that is most effective for the task :) Now this movie and the book are good food for thought that can change them or anyone who might have a luxury to see it .
