This movie (and yes, it's a movie - it was shot as a two-party, but the two parts come down to just over 2 hours) is one of the unhealthy masterpieces of the world cinema. A very well-intentioned and yet utterly savage termination of the Soviet regime and the type of person who flourished beneath it, the film is a faithful adaptation of Mikhail Bulgakov's long-term forbidden eponymous book. The sets are flawless and the director made the brilliant decision to film in monochrome sepia and added a sense of authenticity where a widespread color incarnation from the late 80s would have destroyed the movie. I won't say much about the plot, which deserves to be discovered by the viewer himself, but the performances are true Oscar material; Special mention goes to E. Evstigneev, who plays the old professor with such presence, gravitas and friendly wisdom that he, with hardly a word or gesture, ends up stealing every scene he is in. The other is of course Creature / Sharikov who played terrible perfection by V. Tolokonnikov, is far more scary a character than Hannibal Lecter, because he not only exists in real life - the whole country has been run by men like him through history with all that follows. <br /> <br /> Although it is a social policy allegory, it is worth mentioning that the film is also full of humor, albeit dark - there are many direct comedies that have not made me laugh as much as this movie. What's more, when you laugh at this movie, the feeling is not just one of hilarity but understanding and agreement, which is always a plus. There is hardly a complaint I have with this movie - the only thing A tiny mistake is the tone of the intellectual / bourgeois snobbery I sometimes got from the "enlightened" characters. But there is a slight drawback. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, this movie seems to have been bypassed by Western licensees. It is a screaming shame that one of the very best best movies out there is enchantingly undated and untranslated (which should not be incredibly hard - although all cultural references and revolutionary terminology will necessarily fade in translation, the main themes of the film should be accessible to everyone ). While waiting with our fingers crossed for the Criterion edition, I am considering making English subtitles myself. Want to see how it works.
