I have had a morbid fascination with tornadoes for more than 40 years, since my 5th grade teacher, a native Texan, told stories of those he saw in his youth. Fortunately, I have lived my entire life in the Middle Atlantic states where tornadoes are rare and usually not as violent as those in the Midwest, but I have had two close meetings, one in PA and the other in NJ in the last decade. <br /> <br /> I enjoyed family scenes, especially the conflicts between Jack and Dan Hatch. When tornado was close, Dan knew most of what he had to do and he probably learned this at school, as I know that tornado security is an important issue in parts of the United States where these storms are more frequent. But the characters in the film did two things that some people think should be done or are safe to do in tornadoes, but should not actually be done or are uncertain. <br /> <br /> When the siren first sounded, Dan and Arthur walked through the house and opened the windows. For years it is what people were told to do, but tornado security sites now advise against doing so. People were also hiding in a motorway along the way. This method became popular with an early 1990s video made by a T.V. crew member during a relatively weak twist in Kansas. But in the most serious tornadoes, people can be sucked out of these underpasses. This happened during a May 1999 outbreak in Oklahoma. <br /> <br /> The tornadoes in this movie hit in the fall, which is not a common time for them to happen. (Then again, one of my close meetings took place in late September.) They also traveled from northwest to southeast, while most such storms in the northern hemisphere go from southwest to northeast. However, this is not so unusual. A famous tornado that hit Joliet, IL, traveled in that direction (like the one involved in my second close encounter) in the early 1990s. I think the movie should have been put on spring. This film was based on a book that was again based on a concrete event that took place on June 3, 1980. But it was still a compelling story.
