Okay, after reading a few reviews about Atlantis: The Lost Empire, I just want to clear up some misconception that it's a direct rip off from Nadia: Secret of the Blue Water. The only part that was a ripoff from Nadia is that the pendant from Nadia and the pendant from Atlantis carries so much resemblance to how it is used, origin and how it is created from the source of life that there is no doubt about being copied . If you want to consider how Kida and Nadia are dressed alike, then you can also put it against Disney (It was so fun for Nadia and Kida to wear the bikini-style clothes in a fairy-tale fi, not to mention that they both move into a similar style too). As an anime fan, I agree that there is some degree of copying, but it is only the minor details, and although not many of the ideas are original (such as the encryption design on the wall of Laputa, the old mask of Princess Mononoke, the similarity of the vehicles to the Garfish submarine in Nadia, etc.). The reason itself I think is very original, and it is amazing that Disney can pull it out without the use of Captain Nemo (the protagonist of Jules Vernes 20k leagues under the sea, which is also the main character in Nadia). As for Mylo and Jean wearing similar style glasses ... As is evident from the novel "Lord of the Flies", glasses are a symbol of wisdom and intelligence. I think Mylo, Jean, the protagonist of the Stargate and a dozen other "INTELLIGENT" characters would look a little unsuitable for the role if they went in without glasses. As far as the submarines are concerned, and how the submarines are fighting (with the large burst torpedoes really resembling what Nautilius does), I would say that it is a necessary element for one if Atlantis is involved in the plot (that is, a lowered town under the water). Regarding the crew, which has some characteristic resemblance to the Nautilius crew in Nadia, it may be the work of art, but I do not notice any copyright infringement there as the character's characters were completely original to me. As an anime fan who rated Nadia as # 1 best anime, I have ever seen today. I have my doubts about Atlantis when I first looked at it. But now that I saw the movie, I got my trust in Disney again and have great hopes for their future films after Atlantis. All in all, the best Disney movie is without me shocking at the sound of their songs in the middle of the movie, and it is a plus that they revised their cheesy scripts to make it even better. It's also amazing that they actually show that the evil ones usually look without making them evil at first (I wondered where the evil ones are and only the blonde girl kind of looks like a bad sign in terms of how Disney pulls it aka makes the evil look really threatening)
