The movie "Atlantis: The Lost Empire" is a shining gem in the ruins of the films produced by Disney Studios recently. Parents who have had to sit through "The Jungle Book 2" or even a Pokemon movie will definitely appreciate it. <br /> <br /> The movie is a few few to try on an original story; Former feature films were merely recounting existing stories. Movies like "Toy Story", "Finding Nemo" and "Monsters Inc." All do the same, but it should be noted that all were made by Pixar and only distributed by Disney. Latest movies from Disney Studios are mostly released directly to video and are the successor to an existing movie. The quality of these films is given way to profitability. A new era started with "Atlantis" after it was "Mulan", "Lilo & Stitch" and most recently "Open Range". The authors have made all original story lines instead of fairy tales. Much of the film is devoted to the quest to find Atlantis, a task that has captured the imagination from many to hundreds of years. Including that of young Milo Thatch, pronounced by Michael J. Fox. Milo is employed by a museum in Washington, D.C. His grandfather was a well-known archaeologist who had dedicated his life to discovering Atlantis. This was considered waste by his peers, and they want Milo not to follow in his footsteps. After failing to convince the museum's board to sponsor his expedition, Milo comes home to find a woman in her dark apartment. She takes him to his employer, a Mr. Whitmore. Whitmore was a close friend of Milo's grandfather and wants to send Milo with a team to find Atlantis. Mr. Whitmore is very wealthy and has paid for the best of everything. The crew to accompany him is the same as his grandfathers. The journey is filled with many big obstacles to overcome and is very fun to see. The viewer finds himself trapped in if they want to reach Atlantis. The plot takes an unexpected turn after the discovery of Atlantis, not just the discovery of humans. That's enough to keep the older audience's interest. <br /> <br /> The animators have done a wonderful job in depth of the animation. The film is very successful in mixing traditional animation with computer generated images. A feat that is not easily achieved, most audiences quickly notice the difference in the two. The signs are credibly human. There are some nice chase type scenes, with lots of action going on. A few lulls are filled with jokes that the kids might not get. <br /> <br /> The creativity of the writers really shines through. Atlantis culture is richly developed, including a whole language. The film uses references to Atlantis from historical sources, such as. Plato. Atlantis disappearance from the world is explained. Trustworthy, if a younger audience exists that magic really exists. Atlantis' powers are not exactly presented as magic, but can best be described in this way. <br /> <br /> Although the level of technology used in 1914 was unrealistic. The journey is in a submarine that is very similar to Captain Nemo's nautilus, complete with sub pods that fire torpedoes. The giant diggers are powered by steam boilers so they tried for some era technology. The female characters are empowered in a way that women aged would not have been, even holding roles in leadership. This is not a bad thing. It gives a good role model for my daughter to look at, rather than a male cast. <br /> <br /> One of the reasons this movie is my favorite over other Disney movies is that there is no single song ever. A tradition that began with the first feature film "Snow White" and continued to "The Lion King" is almost all Disney movies full of upbeat songs. This is great and all the seven dwarfs would be without "Hi HO!" After the millionth time through it would almost be better without, but one saves the parents. Not every single person on the screen suddenly knows the words of a song that no one has ever heard before and breaks into song. I'm grateful for one. <br /> <br /> The storyline and depth of the animation are sure to keep the attention of both parents and children. It's a movie I'm willing to see over and over with my kids.
