Disney, the movie name that once stood for all things innocent and suitable for all ages, has finally begun to realize that in order to survive, it must become more diverse. Such diversity has been very evident in the last few years. Films like "Tarzan" and "Emperor's New Groove" have made an effort to move away from the traditional song-driven routine of Disney's past and into new, unclear territory. "Atlantis" is the coolest step yet, but we must remember: this is still Disney. The first serious movie that comes out of Disney's animation studio is a great achievement for them - in fact, it's so serious that it makes it to PG territory. Maybe why many families were afraid to see it during the summer. <br /> <br /> But despite the more mature subject, it's still a movie that Disney wanted to draw with the families, not just the mature audience, so the plot had to be kept simple enough for kids to understand, but interesting enough to remove it from "The Little Mermaid" et al .. So what we get is actually a potentially detailed plot that sadly suffers from being condensed into a 96-minute movie. In the end, this is an action movie about Atlantis, not about the exhibition ahead of it, so we are whisked through the first half hour with as many sequences bombarding the screen as possible without losing context. Depending on your misconception about how the characters come from point A to point B so quickly, you are unlikely to find an animated movie that comes out of Hollywood in detail! If you want epic detail levels in the plot, turn to James Cameron's "Titanic". Both films have a boat somehow. <br /> <br /> And let's talk about love, should we? Yes, as with many films, the leading man (a Milo Thatch, a bumbling archaeologist) and lead woman (Kida, the clichédian princess) are in love with each other. But what I found was not as clichéd as I had expected. At the end of the film, once the character's touch / feeling / kissing sequence was much more subdued. There are various points in the movie where the attraction grows, but it's just not in the ballpark of, "The Little Mermaid" says. A good thing. You may have realized that this is a fairly cliché movie. Correct. You have your leading hero and heroine, backed by more than half a dozen crew members going on the expedition, all getting their moments under the film. Numerous other characters appear, take the few minutes of time and then disappear. It doesn't take a genius to make the mathematicians ?? A 96-minute movie focusing on action and visuals, and with a significant cast, has very little time to expand the characters extensively. So what does it depend on? Clichés and many of them. Each character emulates something that has been made a thousand times before. You have the bumbling scientist, the attractive princess, the square jaw Colonel, the rich eccentric, the maniacal sleazebag, the Russian femme fatale ?? should I continue? <br /> <br /> I don't know why it came to anyone ?? I found this movie's movie in the tongue-in-cheek quite funny. Okay, it's supposed to be a serious flick, but do you really expect Disney to give up every single feature of their story? At least, the authors have tried to make consistent witty dialogue, and at times it is even a little inspired. <br /> <br /> In the end, however, they are the great beautiful visuals that put the icing on this cake. The CGI animation is truly amazing in places, and does not dwarf the characters, which was a mistake that left the recent "Titan A.E." down. In view of characters, Disney hired an outside comic artist to create the designs, bringing an anime style to the movie. Infact the visual presentation of the movie as a whole owes much to the anime, much more than any previous Disney excursion. This resulted in a conflict with fans of the Japanese anime, "Nadia", for the film's overall similarities to the cartoon series. When I haven't seen this anime, I can't comment. <br /> <br /> Picture is sound. Gary Rydstrom leads up to the sound team and what a soundtrack! From the opening shot, the sound phase is alive and is a treat. James Newton Howard treats us to a dynamic musical score that complements the film in every way, never sounds out of place and always helps build the thrill or suppress it. Maybe I missed the point that the creators intended. For me, the film tells me it's a fairytale thrill ride, though with a more serious tone than any Disney movie before it. If you don't like the cliché-tongue-in-kind attitude, then it may be the effort that has been poured into the image that will delight. Hi, at least mythology is far more correct than one can say about other Disney efforts (* cough * Hercules * cough *). <br /> <br /> This is a positive, 10 out of 10 review by anyone blown away by this movie. I always suspend my disbelief with any animated movie ?? After all, the laws of the real world are more than often broken in the comic book. So sit back, enjoy the trip, and maybe everyone can find something to enjoy about this movie.
