Military training films become so common that they become a genre to themselves. Among the more prominent are the 'Officer and a Gentleman', 'Top Gun', 'GI Jane' and now 'Men of Honor'. The fact that this one happened to be true does not alter the fact that the formula is the same. This movie is probably most like `GI Jane 'as it focuses on the angle of desegregation. The story is actually quite inspiring and is probably the best human interest story among the above. Carl Brashear (Cuba Gooding, Jr.) is undoubtedly a man of great courage and principle, and his strength of character shines through sharply in this film. Unfortunately, Director George Tillman has tunnel vision in presenting the characters and rejecting the character evolution of various characters other than Brashear in favor of displaying Brashear in a constant state of adversity. Billy Sunday (Robert De Niro) is a central figure, and with the exception of the original scene, the fistfight and a few scenes with his wife, we don't know much about him. For example, Brashear sees the scars on Sunday's palms, and we must assume he was working a plow, but there is no follow-up at that time. Mr. Pappy (Hal Holbrook) only gets a short scene, so we can judge him. The rest of his screen time shows him pacing around and ranting. If an instructor is to make a history of human rights, he must humanize the characters. <br /> <br /> Cuba Gooding Jr. gives an excellent performance like Brashear. This is probably the best I have seen him. This is a role and a character that is far more complete than any part he has played before and he rises to the occasion. In "Jerry Maguire" Rod Tidwell was a fascinating but one-dimensional character with the depth of a rains. Brashear is much more complex and grounded, and the problems he faces are life crises, making the part far more challenging. This is an excellent recovery from Gooding's last role in the `Chill Factor ', a movie so horrible that it was almost an act of professional suicide to take part. Following an attempt to try his hand as a comedian (`Analyze this', 'The Rocky & Bullwinkle', 'Meet The Parents'), Robert DeNiro is back to his dramatic roots with an excellent performance. DeNiro is not a bad comedian, he is just such a big dramatic actor that it seems he should not waste his time making comedy. DeNiro ends Billy Sunday with a rock-hard personality that highlights a tortured soul. It is a pleasure to see him work. <br /> <br /> It seems that all the movies I see lately have Charlize Theron in it. I saw 'The Legend of Bagger Vance', 'Men of Honor' and 'The Yards' in a row, and I began to wonder if she participated in each movie in 2000 (actually she only did five). This was a minor role for Theron, but she did well and managed to stay with DeNiro step by step. David Keith, who starred in Richard Gere in `Officer and a Gentleman ', has a como here <br /> <br /> The DVD has some interesting special features including reflections from the real Carl Brashear and some deleted scenes. <br /> <br /> Despite the hackneyed plot and the one-dimensional presentation, I enjoyed this movie. I rated it a 7/10. I am a sucker for underdog stories, and I have a love of stories where character strength is the central theme. This film is particularly strong in both areas and brings us two memorable appearances that compensate for some of the director's shortcomings.
