Having seen two of his silent shorts, 'Elena and her men (1956)' are my first feature-length movie by French director Jean Renoir and I totally enjoyed it. However, I didn't see the movie for Renoir, but for the star Ingrid Bergman, who ?? age 41? still radiated unparalleled beauty, elegance and charm. Throughout the early 1950s, due to her scandalous marriage to Italian Roberto Rossellini, Bergman temporarily fell out of public interest. Her next five films, directed by her husband, were unsuccessful in the United States, and I suspect Renoir's latest release did a little to increase Bergman's popularity with the English-speaking audience {but she regained her previous success with an Oscar in the same year's "Anastasia" (1956 ) '}. She originates as Elena Sokorowska, a Polish princess who sees herself as a guardian angel of sorts who brings success and recognition to promising men everywhere before they immediately surrender them. While working with her fortunate charm to help the prominent general Francois Rollan (Jean Marais) political aspirations, she finds herself in a love she will not be able to walk away from. This vaguely-political movie acts like a satire or a romantic comedy as long as you don't take it too seriously; It is purely start-up romantic fluff. The movie in the live Technicolor, 'Elena and her men' also look good, a flurry of bright colors, shapes and costumes. Bergman's Polish Princess is dreamy and slightly self-absorbed, not in an unlikely way, but hardly a woman with high principles and beliefs. She is persuaded by a team of bumbling government conspirators to convince General Rollan to establish a coup d'état which deliberately exploits her love for her to satisfy her own delusions as a "guardian angel". Perhaps the film's only legitimately virtuous character is Henri de Chevincourt (Mel Ferrer, then Audrey Hepburn's husband), who ignores everyone else's selfish secondary motives and pursues Elena for love and love alone. This, Renoir proudly suggests, is what the true French does best. 'Elena and her men' are also attempting, with moderate success, to reveal the superficiality of the French in upper class, through Eugene's clumsy philandering (Jacques Jouanneau), who cannot love his servant wife without his fiancé approaching them. Of course, for those sequences, Renoir tried to try the madcap kind of humor you might find in a Marx Brothers movie, but the movie itself is so relaxed and laid-back that the energy just isn't there.
