Since my third or fourth show some time ago, I've been keeping myself from La Maman et la putain while waiting for the DVD. Meanwhile, I have read the French manuscript as well as Alain Philippon's monograph on Jean Eustache. The latter ends with a frustrating filmography, eleven films, fiction, doc and in between, impossible to see or in the case of Mes petites amoureuses and Le Père Noël ..., look again. <br /> <br /> A few questions that hit me at the moment: Polish Véronica's French are lots of colloquia (un maximum d '"un maximum d'"). Still, she has an accent? I think I can tell that she does. What is the absence of color enhancement, especially at the individual site, is the city's extreme glimpse? How does this fringe separate from the sleep and journey that separates the temple of the world and the speech of winter? Ditto Alphaville. We can imagine the past few years have done so, but does Eustache deliberately break the film's environment? Is this an enchanted island? Is Alexandre an adventure? Alexandre always choreographs himself, cares about how or where to stand or go, what to say when announcing these decisions to whoever is less fit than he does what he does. Or is it his way of trying to choreograph others by doing it to himself? How different is he from Vertigo's Scottie? (I say I think a lot.) What is the difference, and is there one between Eustache's Léaud and Truffauts and Godards? How different is the current Léaud? Doesn't he do it, no matter what, in recent roles, Irma Vep, Le Pornographe, anything that is approaching old age? When I arrived early for one in a series most Antoine Doinel (Léaud's character) Truffaut movie. For a long time, every three or five minutes, down at a time would come a twenty man in scarf, tweedy coat, Léaud's hair, with a directional nose. I have no idea whether it was conscious or unconscious imitation. I was age, but I have no idea what I looked like at that time. No scarf, at least. However, I have a brother who seems to have learned his car from Bresson.
