First, I really enjoyed this movie and its message, which is about being bold to live life to the fullest. Very poetic, with cordial and fun and sad scenes, very lively, it was a pleasure to see. Here are my "exceptions": The movie was too long, and at one point it continued to add more and more further conflicts, so it started losing the main line. However, I disagree with another comment that it is unrealistic to have so many people with "strange" problems in such a small village. I think it was completely realistic! There are incredible dramas everywhere, we just don't know this about people we only meet superficially. I did not like the ending, which was so full of symbolism and extremely forced. It left a bad taste as it was just too much. I did not like that so many big problems were mentioned dramatically in the group (as some accused others in front of all other important things, people would just be more "shameful" to speak everything so personally in front of everyone, even though these people are a group you work closely with). And: defending is a strongest instinct in man. So why on earth would Daniel be beaten and never fight back, not even defending himself? I think he wasn't weak, at least he could try to defend himself when he was attacked, but it just drove me to see him do nothing. It was as if the narrator was trying to force a message such as "violence is not necessary", but the way he chose to do so was not good. I am also against violence, but the sign loses credibility when he becomes untouched despite all the attacks. And: Gabriella ... Why on earth would a woman who has spent years with a man beating her go to that man when he is arrested and say, "I don't want you any harm. You just did it best as all of us ". Oh really, this spoiled so much! Should she be a saint or what? It would be normal for her to be bitter, but not nearly "holy" and therefore not human. Was her work with Daniel and the music so great that it made her forget about everything that happened to her? Oh thank you. So that was the exciting moments. Nevertheless, I still think it's a nice movie all in all, which is amazing enough, given my discomfort with a few things. See it!! ;-) "
