The famous international conductor Daniel Daréus (Michael Nyqvist) has a heart attack with his stressed busy business and interrupts his successful career with early retirement. He decides to return to his hometown in northern Sweden, where his mother left when he was a seven-year-old sensitive boy, bullied by Conny and other schoolmates, to live a low life. He buys an old school and is invited to attend the church choir at the local Shepherd Stig (Niklas Falk), but the restrained and shy Daniel refuses in principle. However, he becomes involved in society and feels attracted to Lena (Frida Hallgren), a local woman with a past with the local doctor. His music opens the hearts of the cross that affect their daily lives: The slow Tore (André Sjöberg) has the chance to participate in the choir; Inger (Ingela Olsson), wife of Stig, releases her suppressed sexuality; Gabriella (Helen Sjöholm) takes an attitude towards her violent and violent man; Gossiper and frustrated Siv (Ilva Lööf) opens her heart to Lena; the cool Holmfrid (Mikael Rahm) cries enough to the businessman Arne (Lennart Jähkel) even though Daniel begins to love people and Lena as the love of his life. When invited to participate in an important competition in Vienna, Daniel finds that his music opens the heart to people who make their dream come true. <br /> <br /> "As In Heaven" is a touching and sensitive movie with a very beautiful story. It is impressive how instructor Kay Pollak and the screenwriters have been able to develop a large number of 132-minute playing time. The performances are top notch, backed up by magnificent music scores and at least two amazing moments: when Gabrielle sings her song in the concert, and definitely the last concert in Vienna with the audience, jury and everyone who participates in the song, and Daniel makes his dream come true. As in "Theorem", alien life changes not only by a family but by a conservative society. Further, like many European films, the open conclusion shows that Daniel actually died, at least in my interpretation, achieved peace with the success of his music. My eyes became wet in these two scenes. My vote is nine. <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): "A Vida no Paraíso" ("Life in Paradise")
