My expectations were quite high for this movie. Everyone I know who saw this movie at the cinema told me that everyone who kept the credits because they were so touched. My expectations could not have been any higher, anything but wonderful would have disappointed me. <br /> <br /> I was anything but disappointed with this movie. I loved how it was about difficult issues without going through the usual steps that a Hollywood movie tends to include. In this movie, characters worked through problems they had had for decades, working through prejudices they learned to open up. But it didn't come easy, and not just by singing a song or two. It was painful, it took arguments, it took confrontations. It felt like real life. <br /> <br /> A scene that really stuck to me was the scene where Gabriella sings her song. Helen Sjöholm is one of my favorite singers, her voice is lovely, and you can tell that she did not just sync to a previous recording under the film (which I often find in other movies), she really sang with her whole body and soul . You could feel what Gabriella felt in that scene. Had this movie been made in Hollywood, the song would most likely have been sung towards the end and it would have made her husband open his eyes and see the error in his ways and make the other people in the village realize something or two. Instead, it came halfway through, and it gave no solutions. Her husband was not overwhelmed and understood what he was putting her through, and it did not seem to make anyone else in the village more open. It was beautiful, it was clean and it was touching, but it didn't solve all its problems problematically. It felt right, it was probably what would have happened in real life. The whole movie felt like my real life, nothing nicely wrapped but everything with a feeling of joy and happiness. You rarely find a movie that feels so realistic. <br /> <br /> There were a few things that bothered me, but hey, no movie is perfect. If you do not already have it, see "As it is in heaven" and be filled with a joy of life, a sense of hope and the feeling that you have been touched on a level movie rarely reach. You get sad, painful, happy and a dozen other emotions. Everyone once said that if all the people in the world were singing in a choir, there would be no more wars. After watching this movie, I may have to agree.
