Kay Pollak's 2004 warmer As in heaven / As it is in heaven, all stereotypes of Swedish humanity and inhumanity still contain a crowd-pleaser. It contains lots of ammunition for cynical critics, continuity error spotters and for saccharin debunkers, but is able to depict the colors of life in a small community evocatively. The film also runs in the line of proverbial messages of 'finding his own voice' and 'just doing it despite fear' without completely removing the lump from the cynic's neck. <br /> <br /> It succeeds as a crowd pleaser comes from two facts. First, small films about strangers bringing new life to Christian communities in rural areas provide plenty of opportunities for hypocrisy exposure, while the repressed characters can break out of their hair shirts. The same year, and with a similar Swedish breeze, the queen of sabas made it, and Babette's party also comes to mind. Secondly, any small community movie that takes the whole big world will strike a human chord in our increasingly individual / self-focused and impersonal world. This film is structurally similar to that of The Full Monty, Brassed Off, Calendar Girls and on a clear day, the debt shows the formula. But it is a formula with life back in it yet, and it seems that people need positive message films that evoke a sense of community, almost in spite of themselves. The stranger is burnt out maestro Daniel Daréus on a quest for self-discovery. The city he visits or, conversely, is not known to the city's citizens, where he is a childhood. He was bullied relentlessly by classmates here, probably because he was a sensitive musician without wanting to drive a truck. Here he takes up the position of mayor / cross-master, despite the usual suspicions of artists and outsiders. The place is, of course, populated by a wide variety of recognizable types whose character arches can be predicted: the broken, hairy girl so beautiful that she almost glows; the mobile phone calling local businessman; the woman whose beauty has been lost in house abuse Steely Pastor and his less powerful wife, who initially seems straight out of Ingmar Bergman. Also present: jealous, exciting spinners (Siv) (check); geriatric whose soul still sings (check); elderly couples who may have suppressed the desire for each other since kindergarten (check); obese person whose function is to point out that we should not laugh and say 'fed' (check); intellectually handicapped boy who is able to sing a good 'A' (check). <br /> <br /> However, Pollak's films are not all hot fuzzies. It differs from 'let's put a show in spite of setbacks and moral opposition' underneath. It contains violence and an end that may be a metaphor for dying after gaining creative nirvana. The violence of the film is mostly a function of male anger and oppression, but yesterday never deeply into why the school's bully growing up in a wife is like that. Similarly, the little town of Pastor keeps so close to the moralistic, durable super-Protestant stereotype that his secret forbearance in girlie magazines is hardly surprising. His repressions and hypocrisy are right there, dangling without relation to the psychological reality. Perhaps the inexplicable picture of a young boy, a lost son, perhaps glinted over the shoulder, holding the secret. <br /> <br /> Perhaps these holes are editing features such as multiple inconsistencies and continuity errors that may be spotted as Siv's inexplicable again in the chorus (twice) after moral outbursts. In fact, none of the hitches in the movie are very long and everyone seems to be resolved in a scene. Except in some unpleasant love scenes, the film's 127 minutes rarely draws, but there is a feeling that things may have been left on the rock floor. <br /> <br /> The movie remains solid three-star ticket despite the holes that can be selected in it. This is simply because in a world of technology-focused flicks and materialistic self-searching, every glimpse of human society is deeply welcomed, welcome to anyone, even the cynical.
