This is a very exciting BBC TV mini series that is loosely based on a mysterious disappearance of a young mother, but the series is truly a study of the various characters in history that last for five hours. It is thus very much an ensemble piece where the wide selection of British British actors and actresses can show their talents. The real characters that are portrayed are really 'the kind of people you normally don't meet', people are so boring and indescribable that it's hard to admire them. For example, the protagonist is a young man (one whose wife disappears) who has no work and no apparent interest in finding someone. He lives on handouts from his in-laws. He was once in the army, but did not seem to have the slightest flickering of any ambition or interests in life except doting on his small family. He is played by David Oyelowo, who is brilliant on the side that comes across as a quite sympathetic person, although his only activities for five hours love and mourn, which he does excellently, so you will comfort him as he is so of course a nice guy. The standard version of the entire series is undoubtedly Penelope Wilton, who is trading circles around everyone else in history. She is simply incredible. She portrays a very unsympathetic woman, in fact, the only character in history who is far too familiar to anyone, namely an irrational, hysterical, self-centered, close, querulous, blind loving and blind hater, older idiot woman. Alas, we know them too well. Wilton is one of Britain's finest actresses (see my review of 'Half Broken Things'). She takes a sign that could have been two-dimensional and makes her four-dimensional. She is wonderfully supported by the old pro Patrick Malahide, who plays her pampered husband and the couple is a high standard for all the younger players. Janet McTeer, a spectacular actress when she is younger, has become a much less sympathetic type of person now, as she is older, has grown somehow and puts one of them, but she resolves in the final stages of the story by showing how brilliant an actress she can be when she has a chance to draw one of the most compelling and original drunk scenes I've ever seen in movies. The big surprise is the enigmatic character Sarah, the game with great depth and originality of the actor Sarah Smart. She takes a sign that could have been insufficiently boring, and by her magic magic she becomes a deeply mysterious and exciting person about whom we wonder tirelessly over the five hours. She is so good at it that we end up thinking of Sarah Smart, honestly. I think that's what happens when you really do your job, people wonder where the character ends and the actor begins if she knows her, and many don't. She has some deeply unnerving tricks with her eyes that wobble and let us know she is unhinged, but we are not sure how or why, although we eventually learn that she had an extremely violent and traumatic childhood. Her mastery of ambiguous facial expressions is extraordinary. Rory Kinnear is astonishingly convincing as a seemingly hopeless guy who lives with his mother and is not too much, but turns out to have hidden depths. (I suppose most people have hidden depths, but if we want to plump them, that's the question.) His mother plays really well by Margot Leicester. An outstanding achievement is given by Lucinda Dryzek, who plays a snotty, disgusting teenage girl of the kind we all fear to meet, but which, at crucial moments, collapses in helpless tears and turns out to be pathetic, with all her arrogance just a bag . Three other children are also very good, Lucinda's friend, and her younger half-brother and half-sister. The younger siblings may be very weak as signs in history (they do not seem to say anything specially articulated, are hopeless witnesses of disappearance), with little to recommend them, but their sweet natures, but it is mediated to the wonderful effect of Lee Massey as the boy and Tyler Anthony as the girl. Harriet Walter has a small role, but we don't see much of her, which is a shame as she is such a fine actress that she was wasted here. You could go on, but you have to draw a line somewhere. The series manages to be strangely fascinating because of the depth of depiction of all these essentially uninteresting people caught up in a network of intense anxiety and excitement.
