Still the final program of the Second World War is the world of war not only long but also very informative. The series contains 26 episodes (each episode lasts for about 45 minutes), and contains the events leading up to and after in the wake of the war. Most episodes are about the war in Europe and there are several episodes about the war in the Pacific. Other episodes include information on the wars in Africa, Burma, the Atlantic, and Germany, Britain, the United States and the Soviet Union's home confrontations. There is an episode dedicated to the Holocaust. The series starts with the episode A New Germany (1933-1939) and tells about the Nazis' rise in Germany and German territorial gains before the outbreak of war. The series ends with the episode Remember; the influence of war in a post-war world. Remember is an appropriate episode to end this amazing program. Each episode begins with a brief introduction and then with opening points. The credits are accompanied by a strong music theme. There are many suitable pieces of music throughout the series. Each episode is like a mini-movie. The footage is amazing and that is the way it was put together. In addition, some of the images are in color. The information also contains the episodes memorable and entertaining. <br /> <br /> The series was produced by Jeremy Isaacs for Thames Television (UK). Commissioner in 1969 took four years to produce, such was the depth of his research. The series was told by Laurence Olivier (one of the most famous and reverent actors of the 20th century). The series interviewed leading members of the Allies and Axis campaigns, including eyewitness accounts from civilians, enlisted men, officers, and politicians, including Albert Speer, Karl Donitz, Jimmy Stewart, Bill Mauldin, Curtis LeMay, Lord Mountbatten, Alger Hiss, Toshikazu Kase, Arthur Harris, Charles Sweeney, Paul Tibbets, Traudl Junge and historian Stephen Ambrose. Jeremy Isaacs says in "Making of the World at War" that he was trying to interview, not necessarily the surviving big names, but their helpers and assistants. The most difficult issue to locate and persuade to be interviewed, according to Isaacs, was Heinrich Himmler's adjutant, Karl Wolff. The latter admitted to witnessing a comprehensive performance in Himmler's presence. <br /> <br /> World At War is often considered the final television story of World War II. Some consider it the best example of the documentary form. In a list of the 100 largest British television programs produced by the British Film Institute in 2000, voted for industry professionals, The World at War was 19. The program has everything the viewer needs to know about the war. After watching a few episodes, I liked the series so much that I tried to see the remaining episodes one after the other. I've seen some of them several times. There are two other amazing documentaries that I know of what may be of interest to the viewer. One is called The Great War (1964), which is about World War I. The other is called the Cold War (1998), which is about the Cold War.
