This is Paul F. Ryan's first and only full-length feature. He hasn't done anything since. But he managed to get a fantastic ensemble cast to portray the characters in his story. I don't know when or why the idea arose in the head, but Ryan wrote a manuscript that later became his own directed movie, "Home Room". Occupied Philipps carries the film on her shoulders like Alicia, a restless girl; those we always see in TV shows. With dark hair and black clothes; a pack of cigarettes in your pocket, strange looks and disturbing eyes (with makeup, of course). There has been an event at her school; a shooting. Some students have died and she saw everything. Now it is joking Martin Van Zandt (Victor Garber) who investigates the case, and as expected Alicia is a suspect. But the shooting is merely hissing; The film is not about shooting. <br /> <br /> Lying in bed in a hospital room is Deanna Cartwright (Erika Christensen). She is one of the survivors in the hospital. The script establishes a bond between them, the school's principal chairman (James Pickens Jr). He helps all the students recover from the event, but Alicia doesn't seem to care. She is isolated. So the principal punishes her; she must visit deanna every day until five o'clock. Then the movie starts. <br /> <br /> I can't even describe how wonderfully written I think the movie is. I can identify with the signs and the situations they live I like the reality. These things could happen to anyone. And the things they say are quite understandable. They grow up and try to handle things they haven't experienced; They do their best. Without knowing it, Alicia (when visiting Deanna for the first time) and Deanna (when she sees Alicia standing in front of her) begin a journey that will define their personalities and ideas for the next step in life; after high school. <br /> <br /> The director leads Christensen and Philipps through their roles very well. See the contrast between them. Deanna seems naive and with ordinary thoughts; no complexity inside her mind. When Alicia enters her room and sees lots of flowers, she asks, "Who brought them?" "Many people" answer Deanna; Although some days later we learn that they are from her parents who come every week. Parents 'characters are all well represented, but are not as important as their sons' characters. Deanna is lonely. Alicia seems mature and violent; smokes cigarettes and speaks roughly. But after two days of visits she finds herself back to the hospital every day. even sleeping in Deanna room all night. When they both have a fight afterwards, I think Deanna says, "Why do you keep coming back?" Alicia is also lonely. <br /> <br /> The end of the movie, without destroying it, comes a little disappointing; It was something I was not waiting for. It eliminates some of the strength of the movie. Revelation comes completely unnecessary; destroy the logical climax that the movie could have had. Still, it was an excellent script; and an excellent direction. A wonderfully nice movie. <br /> <br /> When it comes to Erika Christensen, it was the role she needed to fly higher. Her role in "Traffic" impressed, but that was the big step; lead role. Perhaps not many people had the chance to see her in this movie and it is a shame. She has not made a false move since then. She has even come out with good performances in horrible movies. On the other hand, busy Philipps, who turned out to be very promising in this movie (what a transformation), do not have many opportunities for other roles. The same thing I say about Paul F. Ryan (in the direction of curse), and I expect he is now in his computer after completing his new script; I'm waiting for his next movie. I hope the best for them all.
