The music and Laurence Olivier's difficult delivery puts the tone perfectly to this excellent documentary. This is still a must for WW II buffs, descendants of the participants of the conflict politicians who believe that things always go their way when they expand their foreign policy through a deck of tires (did you hear George Bush?) And someone else Curious or need to know who is and how some aspects of that conflict are. The 26 episodes are roughly in chronological order, but can be seen out of order as they are more or less self-employed. There is bound to be new insights for the new viewer due to the sheer volume presented. Actual recordings of the fighting are mixed with interviews of those involved in the stories. Many of the interviews are with second line authorities, ie support staff for the protagonists, individuals, captains, secretaries, eyewitnesses and the like. You get a true upfront taste of which war is about. <br /> <br /> I am currently watching the DVD version of the original TV documentary. I highly recommend this over the worn, gaptoothed, overpriced VHS deals available on eBay. I paid $ 120 Cdn for five 2-sided DVDs. This new edition contains bonus material and is in full-screen mode. The menus are easy to follow, there is first a choice of which episode you want to see, and after you have chosen to allow different chapters in the episode or to play the entire episode. It is understandable with such a comprehensive presentation that there is a little more navigation in the menu, but the effect of what you want to see has not diminished after 30 years, no, after 60 years since the war is over. <br /> <br /> I remember seeing the first broadcast on the Buffalo PBS station just before I moved from London in 1975 and wanted from the time I could get a copy. Now, my wish has finally come true. <br /> <br /> See this documentary. Tell your friends. Buy a copy for your library. Remember and honor the victims and challenges overcome by those from America, Russia, Britain, Canada and all the other nations and people involved in the final victory. What an eye opener.
