This series, which is probably the most advantageous time after the events of World War II, has a value value that is far beyond any one's presumption of criticism. <br /> <br /> The timing of World at War's production in 1974, which corresponds to some three decades after the events of the war, allows an accurate association of events in a way that is colored by residual propaganda and slope. The thirty-year review allows you to tell being supported by an impressive and fascinating panoply of the people involved, ranging from some of the highest military and political figures down to the field soldiers, civilians and such survivors in the death camps that have remained to testify to the unimaginable inhumanity that civilized people are capable of. Most approaching or well into their senior years, the interviewed professionals have had enough time to reflect on their experiences and in most cases have had enough time for what propaganda and passion might have influenced them in the past to return from what they saw and what they did. <br /> <br /> The information provided by these survivors, stubbornly enhanced by the positions and expressions they display while telling their part, gives their stories even more influence. Such names as Ira Eaker, Adolph Galland, Louis Mountbatten, Albert Speer, Gertrude Junge (Hitler's personal secretary) ... the list is far too long to relate to. <br /> <br /> Today, survivors of this immense lesson in the hideous award of political ambition are young people suffering from the same militaristic and nationalist war promotion that led to World War II. The DVD series we are discussing here should be at the heart of a compulsory history topic in schools, that lessons purchased at such a terrible price these days should not have been wasted, but should be taken note of those who did not see the first hand terrible price. I almost finished watching the 11 disc sets when I saw most of the series when a local TV channel broadcast it more than 10 years ago. It hasn't lost its poignancy to me, it's actually become even more a magnificent chronicle of some of the darkest days of human times. The highest possible rating seems unworthy to be applied to this presentation. I think the value of this series is without counting.
