This interesting feature has a very fine story line, pretty colorful characters and a very stable tempo. It also contains a plot unit from "Harvest the Wild Wind", and when Cecil B. Deille directed it and his son-in-law Anbthony Quinn directed this film from his preparations, it can hardly be coincidental. It works in both cases, I have to report. The unusual setup tells the viewer that Barataria, an island governed by Jean Lafitte, is built on piracy, but during the war of 1812 and before, he has always refrained from disturbing US vessels. Now General Andrew Jackson has been accused of defending nearby New Orleans with only 12,000 men against 60,000 British Imperial jackets and 60 ships. Lafit's men want him aside with the stronger force; He wants freedom and forgiveness for his men before leading such a strategic landing point to the US forces. There are other factors at work in history; Pirate Bonnie Brown and her father will attack American ships and do so unlike Lafit's orders, leaving a boy alive without knowing they have missed an eyewitness. When his testimony finally comes out, Jackson cannot give what Lafitte asks; but Lafitte backs him anyway and in the fog the pirates and the Jackson rides the British, and he sails away to whatever fate awaits a man who had genius and statehood, but not fortune. The casting of this colorful and physically lovely movie is actually clever. Yul Brynner has one of his best roles as the pirate king, Inger Stevens is beautiful; As the girl he loves, Charles Boyer has many good lines as his advisor, powerful Lorne Greene is a rival, E.G. Marshall Governor and Claire Bloom are charismatic as Bonnie Brown. Among others are Ted de Corsia, Douglass Dumbrille, George Mathews, Henry Hull as Jackson's Advisor, Bruce Gordon, Onslow Stevens, Robert F. Simon, Henry Brandon, Fran Jeffries and Leslie Bradley. The music by Elmer Bernstein is very memorable, and the 1938 script, which was restored here, had only been refreshed a little. The shining film was the work of veteran Loyal Griggs, the decorated decor was provided by Albert Nozaki, Hal Pereira and Walter Tyler. Framed by Sam Comer and Roy Moyer and costumes by Edith Head, John Jensen and Ralph Jester. Nellie Manley made the elaborate hairstyles and Wally Westmore the difficult makeup. The film contains a lot of good adventure-level dialogue and a very strong climax battle scene. Charlton Heston, like Andrew Jackson, was willing to play part of an oldest general and then discovered that the man was young at the time of the match; but he is often effective, gray-haired or not, especially in his exchanges with Henry Hull as Mr. Peavey. This is an exciting and well-fitted entertainment that looks like C.B. DeMille had completed its production; It is a beautiful and almost a very fine film picture.
