I recently read a Nancy Drew book about 20 years ago, so much of my memory of the fictional character is probably wrong. From what I gathered, the books were introduced to me at a time when teenage sleuths were popular for children who grew up at that time (for my case, 80s and early 90s) with Hardy Boys, Famous Five and of course, "Carolyn Keene's Nancy Drew among the more famous. I can still remember the bound books with very dated deck illustrations, usually being very heavy (for a child) hugging and the thickness of the book may be due to that the words are printed in large fonts. <br /> <br /> Now the grade has received some updates along the way, which I remind you that my sister's subsequent Nancy Drew books become less thick, with soft cover, with updated and a more chic Nancy illustrated on the cover I can't remember if those stories were the same as the old ones, but I guess these books, which are the ghostwritten, have their fair share of the update of time. <br /> <br /> In this Warner Brothers release by Nancy Drew, the character gets her update to fit the times, but somehow the authors Andrew Fleming and Tiffany Paulsen maintained her 50-year-old small-town feelings, maintaining some charm and taste that sleeves, people like me, would appreciate on. Her sense of fashion, her sensation and self-esteem, even some nice little behavioral traits that make her well, Nancy Drew. <br /> <br /> Her family background remains largely the same as living with her single-parent father Carson Drew (Tate Donovan), who moves her daughter and herself to the metropolis to get a better job opportunity and to blast its daughter out of sleuthing in the town of River Heights. Mother is just a distant memory, and the housewife makes a como. But what did Nancy Drew do is casting Emma Roberts in the lead role. Santa of her famous Aunt Julia, she also has the sparse behavior, the unmistakable red hair and the megawatt smile. Her Nancy Drew, while in the beginning seems to rub you the wrong way, will actually grow on you. And in almost what I thought could be a discarded scene from Pretty Woman, those characters had entered a stylish store with almost opposite reactions. While Dad Carson Drew is trying hard to bring Nancy out of her sleuthing environment and to assimilate into the normal teenage life, Nancy trusts to find herself in a house whose owner, a Hollywood type has been found, was murdered under suspicious circumstances . The mystery solution is her comfort when she finds herself excluded from the local fraternity, and not long before we are merged with her on her big screen adventure. There is nothing for Black Dahlia about crime and mystery, and instead it is quite a piece for Nancy to solve, between being kind to Corky (Josh Flitter) a shabby friend from school and pacifying the jealous boyfriend Ned (Max Thieriot) while saving the truth about her extra curriculum activities from her father. The story is twisted with cheesy fun and an old-fashioned sentimentality that charms, and together it becomes a little scooby-doo like. With minimal violence and no big bag fights or explosions, this is seriously a genre that is clearly marked with "chick flick" warning. I suppose the movie will generate a new generation of fans, restore the memories of the old ones, and probably, probably, can spark a new fashion trend of sporting ear loafers.
