If my expectations were not exceeded, they were certainly met. "Nancy Drew" works both as a mystery and a comedy. It pays homage to the books it was based on and spoof them at the same time. The movie starts with a close-up of a bookshelf and an animated credit sequence that looks like illustrations from the books. It then begins to light the books immediately. Author / Director Andrew Fleming seems to realize the idea of ​​a teenage girl who regularly breaks up with crime rings in a small town is ridiculous, so he does not treat the idea religiously. He's poker fun at Nancy Drew's ability to do something, such as. Ace every class in school, know which baked treat is perfect for converting any enemy to her side, making a birdhouse with twelve floating poles and even performing a trototomy in a lot. Nancy would always be in perfect style if she lived in the healthy 1950s instead of today's L.A. And she carries around a sleuth kit complete with fingerprint dust, flashlight, compass and magnifying glass. Treacherous, of course, but I seem to remember the Hardy Boys access at any time that CSI equipment is also a little too practical. And if the perky pipsqueak private eye is slightly younger than her literary counterpart, it's just more comical exaggeration on the film's side. <br /> <br /> The mystery of the movie is handled more seriously. Nancy and her lawyer move from their small town to Los Angeles, where Nancy laughs in a cold case with the murder of a Hollywood movie star who lived in her new house several decades ago. Nancy searches for tracks in some pretty practical ways, such as surfing sites like Google and this one and sees old videotapes of the victim's movie. When she does something more out of the ordinary, admire the ingenuity of the girls. Emma Roberts, an undoubtedly sweet kid, beautifully plays the pint-sized amateur sleuth. She makes the all too perfect girl absolutely lovable, if not quite realistic. Tate Donovan is also great as the perfect girls father, Carson Drew. He is an ideal father figure without being unrealistically perfect, and he shows reasonable concern for his daughter when she's in danger. Less sympathetic is Max Thierot's calling on Ned Nickerson, Nancy's girlfriend. I very much preferred George O'Hanlon Jr.'s 1970s television series with Pamela Sue Martin as Nancy Drew, where Ned was a gawky, creepy child with a little in love with Nancy. The character of Corky (Josh Flitty), a twelve-year-old in love with Nancy, is much less annoying than Max Thierot's Ned. Amy Bruckner and Kay Panabaker seem appropriately cast as Nancy's crazy pals Bess and George, but they only make short comos at the start of the movie. <br /> <br /> Talking about cameos, Chris Kattan (SNL), Eddie Jemison "Ocean's 13"), and Bruce Willis all make surprising guest conditions that just show you can never guess which movie Bruce Willis will appear up next. <br /> <br /> The movie fails to live up to some potential. It is mentioned early that Drews' new house is heavily booby-trapped, but Nancy and her father finished stumbling over booby traps a few minutes after that. Nancy also describes the cold case she is investigating as a murder that takes place at an extravagant party that was to give many potential killers, but she only meets a handful of suspects. And while there are some moments of real excitement during Nancy's adventure, the solution to the matter comes out of nowhere, and ultimately, all sorts of plot threads are tied up comfortably and who cares who does it. Ralph Sall's score adds to the movie's excitement, but the modern teenyboots songs woven into the soundtrack are paralyzed. Still, I really enjoyed this movie, and while the movie is primarily aimed at girls, people of all ages and sex can enjoy it.
