"La Maman et la putain" is the most beautiful movie all the time. And what is most about it can be the relationship between reality and art, which the film deals with, which is directly inspired by Proust's "A la Recherche du temps perdu". "La Maman et la putain" and "In pursuit of lost time" apparently say the same story: one of the love errors that repeats itself indefinitely. The first woman's name is always Gilberte, and the other woman seems like a twisted and deformed double by Gilberte: Veronika is like a "whore Gilberte", beautiful as the night, while Gilberte was clean and "beautiful as the day". After the failure of the first love, another love begins, but one is as already condemned by the first. Veronika takes place in Gilberte, in Alexander's life and in the film. She gradually darkens her, first and foremost, Gilberte still comes when Alexandre is waiting for Veronika, so completely. It shows that it is the same sad story that repeats itself, the same "incredible woman" that Alexandre says that is infinite - and unbelievably, Proust is the highest point of love, making it exist, but as also emphasizes his illusions. /> <br /> Art is what causes the passage between what is outside - the illusion of love - to what is inside, which is the truth and is a lesson of this truth. For example, when Veronika notes the strange way Alexandre does is bed, he replies that he saw it in a movie, and then a movie, "It's made for learning to live, how to make a bed". Alexander wants to live like he was in a movie, he wants his life to be art. <br /> <br /> This view of art comes from Proust, with whom Eustache shares the same rejection of "political art" and realism in art. "La Maman et la Putain" fights against a notion of "presidential politics" - see, for example, the ironic review of a Alexandre political film. As Proust says, "Art doesn't care about all these proclamations, and exists only in silence." First of all, art is introspection. And that is also why realism or naturalism is rejected: art must transform reality into existence. Proust writes, "I discover the illusion of realism, which is a lie". That's why "La Maman et la putain" doesn't hide its artificiality, emphasizes the way actors say "their text:" the more you seem artificial, the higher you go, "Eustache said. <br /> <br / > Eustache and Proust both share this idea that the artist is a "translator" of an inner truth, but Alexandre failed where Eustache succeeded. "La Maman et la putain" tells us that a sign is not what he really is "You can feel the tragedy as you go further in the movie, which gets sad. You can see it in Alexandre's face, which looks more like a living death. You can see that the scenes are getting longer and after In the end of the film, when you see Alexandre writing, and Veronika asks if he is writing his life, one can guess that he is not that even the literature failed. The film shows Alexander's symbolic death, which shatters the reality, and in this little nurse's nurse Alexandre looks more like Albertine than Marcel. <br /> <br /> To explain this failure, we can say that Alexandre is a Balzac's reader. In "Forming a Signification", Jean Rousset explains that in Prousts, the readers of Balzac, who are Swann and Charlus, are not capable of any artistic creation because they are stuck in reality as they fail with art. They see the reality of art and "are not aware of the transformations that necessarily exist between an artist's life and his work, between reality and art". And that's exactly Alexandre. For example, he claims he "loves a woman for parallel reasons because she played in a Bresson example". He is like Swann, who falls in love with Odette because she looks like a Botticelli woman. <br /> <br /> "Life may not be my calling". This way of thinking is actually by Eustache who committed suicide, even though it is said by Alexandre. Nevertheless, there is a difference between Alexandre and Eustache: if Eustache is completely Alexandre, Alexandre is a double without art, a horrible vision for the artist who crystallizes his fears. <br /> <br /> Falling Veronika at the end of the movie, Alexandre is sentenced to illusions. It is death that reminds me of the film's last frame, in the face of Jean-Pierre Léaud and in the endless pucking of Veronika. Or maybe it's already hell describing the end, as in Sarte's "Huit-Clot", and certainly not as in the final release of "Le Temp's retro vault". If Eustache had read Proust, Alexandre could never have finished the book, always disturbed by life and Veronika when trying to read it on his apartment or in the cafes. "La Maman et la Putain" is like an inverse double of "In search of lost times", which tells how Alexander does not become an artist, while "A la Recherche du temps perdu" tells how Marcel becomes an author (Genette). If Baudelaire says, an artist tells "reality by the light of his dream", it's his nightmare that Eustache tells us in "La Maman et la putain".
