In what might have been seen as a coup against the sexual "revolution" (intentionally I use quotes for that word), Jean Eustache wrote and directed the mother and the Horen as a poetic, judgmental criticism of those who cannot seem to get enough love. If there is a message for this movie - and I hope the message would only come after the fact how much this Ben-Hur length feature has to offer - it is to love, honestly, that there should be some level of happiness, true truth. Is it possible to have two lovers? Some may try, but what is the result if no one can really have what they really want or feel they can even say what they want? <br /> <br /> What is the truth of the relationship that Alexandre (Jean-Pierre Leaud) has with the women around him? He is a twenty-pseudo-intellectual, not with any apparent job, and he lives by a woman, Marie (Bernadette Lafont) a little older than him, and is usually, if not always his lover, his last possible love - Life left him and immediately he picks up a woman he sees on the street Veronika (Françoise Lebrun), who may remind him of her. Soon what unfolds is the most subtle brutal love triangle ever laid on films, where the psychological strings are drawn with the cruelest words and the smallest movements. First, we think it can be all about what will happen to Alexandre, but we are wrong. The women are so crucial to this question of love and sex that they have to be around, talk about and over, to sink in. <br /> <br /> We are told that part of the sexual revolution, in theory, if it is not entirely in practice (perhaps it was, I cannot say that I have not lived in the period to see it first hand), freedom was led to lack of inhibition. But Eustache's point, if not entirely clear, is that it is virtually impossible to get it both ways: You can't make people love you and expect to get the satisfaction of the ultimate company that comes with "f * ** ing "which characters refer to again and again. <br /> <br /> The theme of the Mother and Hearing forces express this fear during the promiscuity, the lack of monogamy, while stimulating the intellect in the nicest figure you've ever seen in a movie. At the same time, we see a sign like Alexandre, who probably loves to hear himself, whether it is a movie he saw or something that is weak from his past, Eustache makes it so that the film itself is not pretentious - though it can Seems like - but it is about pretentiousness, what lies beneath those who cover their inner mistakes, what to use when they are ultimately alone in the morning. <br /> <br /> If you thought movies like before sunrise / sunset were talk-like flicks, you haven't met this. But as Eustache swallows up in the dialogues, these characters, sometimes trivial, or "deep" or sexually, or honestly or sometimes extremely (or subdued) emotionally, are never, uninteresting or boring. On the contrary, for those who can't get enough of a * good * talky movie, it's extraordinary. Although his style does not call for the boldness that came with his predecessors in the exact guard a dozen years in advance, Eustache's new wave is touching the characters, and then reverberating on them. <br /> <br /> This is realism with a tip of attitude, with times that sway and sarcastic, raw and without shame in expression. All three of the actors are then glued to their characters that we can never experience them as "faking" a feeling or whatsoever to the melodrama. It is almost too good in naturalistic / realistic terms, but for Eustache's material there is no other way around it. Luckily, the Leaud delivers the crown of his career during the period, and both ladies, especially Labrun as "whore" Veronika (a demand she terribly reimburses in the film's climax in an unbroken shot). And as another touch, the director will dip into a quiet mindset, a sign that sits by itself, listens to a record and in contemplation or silent pain. This is probably the greatest influence on Jim Jarmusch, who dedicated his film Broken Flowers to Eustache and has a scene in particular that is lifted completely (and lovingly) in approach from the late Parisian. <br /> <br /> Sad to say, before I saw Broken Flowers, I have never heard of Eustache or this movie, and getting it has become quite a challenge (not available on American DVD and on VHS so rare it many months of tracking in different libraries). Not a moment of that time was wasted; The mother and the horn are really beautiful work, one of the best French relationship drama, perhaps even just one of the most frightening clear I have seen from the country in general. It's complex, it's sweet, it's cold, it absorbs, and it's very long, maybe too long. It is also satisfactory at the level I would compare to scenes from a marriage; true revelations about the human condition continue to emerge 35 years after the release of each film.
