Unfortunately, Jean Eustache (1938-1981) belongs to many once leading French filmmakers for the great unknowns whose films are hard to find and not published on international DVDs. Having a good old-fashioned video store in Tucson, I had the chance to see this 3 1/2 hour marathon masterpiece, not boring for ten seconds. Speaking of one of the most discussed (and most controversially discussed) films of all time, let me share my impression that the endless dialogues that were originally typical of the early "Nouvelle Vague" by a Jacques Rivette or Alain Resnais, seems almost ridiculous in this movie. The dialogues are basically monologues, mainly the longest spoken by Jean-Pierre Léaud. The most characteristic feature is that the cross between two people is almost zero. Léaud, or his character, Alexandre, wants to tell more about himself than about the issues he seems to speak. Therefore, one can hardly speak of communication in this movie. It is possible that the director had a gigantic satire in mind against the idleness of the once so hotly discussed political and sociological ideas, but the type of man Alexandre exists at all times, we find him already in Petron's "Satiricon" as the work actually has great similarity to "the mother and the horn". Alexandre does not only do anything, but he has developed his own form of metaphysics of inaction, at least in the sense of responsibility towards society, if any, he is. He mocks the people who work for work at 7 am when he is busy having his last drink before going to bed in one of his boyfriends whose money he lives. He cannot speak a sentence without quoting one of the leading thinkers between Nietzsche and Bernanos. Especially Sartre, who appears quickly in the French intellectual café "Aux Deux Magots", where Alexandre also sits all day, must serve as an excuse for Alexandre's and his colleagues' lifestyle because they suffer from existential crisis of bourgeois nausea. However, Alexander's intellectuals seem to be rather pseudo-intellectuals, and the phrases and quips he cites seem to come out rather from a dictionary of quotes than from his actual reading of the respective books. <br /> <br /> What It Is True: This film requires a very broad European knowledge, especially the knowledge of the French existentialist philosophy and there are implications for the movement of the 68 student revolution, but if you have that knowledge than you will enjoy 215 minutes of your life staring amazed at the TV and crying with laughs as if you probably haven't done it since a long time.
