Jake Speed ​​is a movie missing a thing ?? a charismatic leadership. Unfortunately, it is something that really beats the whole movie, and it's a shame because it's an enjoyable action movie with a witty enough script and an interesting whose derivative premise. Although genesis is likely to be traced back to the success of the Indiana Jones trilogy ?? the movie actually plays a bit more like 'Romancing the Stone', albeit in reverse. It is not a writer of romantic fairy tale fiction that is led on a fairy tale of a character, much of one of her creatures. It is a fairy-tale character (which happens to chronicle its own adventures) that leads an ordinary woman to one of his adventures. /> <br /> When a young woman disappears in Paris, her sister Margaret (played by the appealing Karin Kopins) is involved with pulphero Jake Speed ​​(Wayne Crawford) and his sidekick Dennis (Dennis Christopher), both of whom prove be true and very flawed individuals in a fairy tale that takes them into the heart of a civil war-driven African state and ultimately into two brothers, the delicious evil Sid (John Hurt) and his ridiculously camp sisters Maurice (Roy London). It's the plot ?? It is not labyrinthine, and it is not complicated, but the story it tells does not require much depth. The action sequences are appealing to begin with, and it is certainly true that the heroic trio has gone through their steps (whether they were trapped in battles between the government and the insurgent forces or fell into a pit full of lions) and that is certain some pretty fun lines. But the movie seems to be struggling to find an end, and unfortunately the action sequences, which are quite appealing to begin with, are going nowhere and eventually becoming a little gentle and annoying. However, this could not have been such a problem if it were possible to like Jake Speed, but because of Wayne Crawford's performance it becomes harder to really worry about what is happening. Now I do not know if he was stretching a little thin as he was also the producer and author of the film, or whether he is simply not a good actor (as I have not seen him in much else), but he never really convinces as a roguish mix of Doc Savage, Indiana Jones and Jack Colton. <br /> <br /> It's a shame because most of the other characters play their roles well ?? Karen Kopins is fun and convincing, and her character shares some lovely treasure with Jake (unfortunately it never complies). Dennis Christopher is perfect as the archetypal sidekick, and John Hurt plays the part with camp rides ?? almost as if he were in a sixty episode of Batman. He progresses about his few scenes that laugh in a ridiculous cockney accent that puts a performance that almost belongs to another movie. Sid is not Moriarty (he is presented as Jake's nemesis from a number of his past adventures / books), but he is always fun to see. <br /> <br /> Jake Speed ​​tries to channel the same fun B movie spirit as 'Comet Night' (a movie produced by Crawford a few years in advance) and almost succeeds but misses ?? which is a shame because Jake would have been good at looking at a few adventures and may have been better served by a television series. I would recommend this out of curiosity, but ultimately it leaves a bitter taste because most items were there to do something really good.
