Comedies often have the unfortunate reputation of having a small real depth. Weapons and the Man prove that the performance is false. Shaw's game is full of comedy drama that combines an entertaining plot with true philosophical depth. At one level, weapons and the man are a successful and somewhat unique, romantic comedy. The young, melodramatic and superficial Raina comes from a military family deeply involved in a war; her fiance and her father are both military officers. She is shocked, one night on the arrival of an enemy soldier. She saves him and knew she will have to keep the incident secret from her family forever, and the soldier will eventually leave. Although the war is over, the soldier comes back and forces each of the primary letters to re-evaluate their values ​​and their relationships. It is quite interesting how the Shaw layer means within the fairly standard comic plot. Shaw manages to comment on class structures, on the absurdity of war and even on the nature of love. And of course he does it with the shavers and within a satisfactory plot. There is so much here to think that I think much can be missed in a single view. Weapons and the Man are excellent comedy theater and are certainly one of Shaw's best works. "Arms and the Man" is both an entertaining and thought-provoking film that retains its relevance even today more than a century after it was first conceived. Shaw mocks on the popular theories of war and love and combines a military satire with a thought of love and family structure. The play has flashing humor, fluid humor and bitter sarcasm. A good example of Shaw's dialogue is the statement from Captain Bluntschli to Serguis: "I am a professional soldier: I fight when I have to, and I'm very happy to get out of it when I'm not going. You're just an amateur , you think the fighting is a pleasure ". In fact, as a Swiss hotel-keeper son, Bluntschli had no reason to be involved in war, and it is in this absurdity that Shaw questions patriotic feelings. Shaw explores the entire war concept and the military from both sides of the battle and finally shows that the feelings of both camps are not so different. The dialogue and sarcasm are used for the common beliefs that life is rooted in a cautious assurance of the movement of history towards an adventurous ending. The end where all characters are made happy and lovers change and love shifts is what underlines the essence of this drama as a comedy. This is a film that maintains its image of having a universal appeal and is still relevant today when the concepts of war and patriotism and love and marriage have changed dramatically. Shaw's "Arms and the Man" should maintain its relevance as long as there is love and war.
