Ironically for a game that is not available on film or video for such a long time, ARMS AND MAN has remained fairly available on stage over the years since its debut in 1894 - by no means because it has been as old as a solid satire on the nature of heroesism and war activities. When the world sinks, ARM AND MANEN seem to float as always more timely and relevant. <br /> <br /> This is the game that Oscar Strauss converted (leaving most of Shaw's best ideas) to the successful operetta, CHOCOLATE SOLDIER (when Hollywood came to it, * they left Shawa's last Western places instead of to pay him for the rights - he was an Oscar winner in his own right). While Shawa's best ever has been his ideas and his dialogue over his mere plots, in ARMS AND MAN, the plot too, and the master manages happy endings for all concerned. <br /> <br /> Young Raina (Helena Bonham Carter), the daughter of an officer and the richest man in her town, is engaged to a dashing officer in the Bulgarian cavalry, and everything looks good until a scam mercenary ( Pip Torrens, on the other hand, climbs into his drain pipe, which flies from the battle, where his army has been conducted. As usual in a Shaw satire, nothing like it first looks and social conventions stand on their heads in the face of simple - and not so simple reason. There are no "good guys" or "bad guys", just people in a number of classes get the best of their wits - just like life only better - and of course with Shaw, the whites are fine-haired from all concerned. <br /> The early (1932) movie version (from Shaw's own play) of this most traditional and traditionally fun of Shaw's stage satires, and one of his first to make a real hit on this side of the Atlantic , has long been among the missing. Shaw did not sell the screen rights to his plays - only licensed them for 5 years, and it turned out that with rapidly evolving audio technology that 1932 movies look primitive a few years later, Shaw did not renew the license to show it. Therefore, we are immensely in the BBC's debt for finally putting their 1987 broadcast version in a DVD box with nine other sparkling plays. (Something, unfortunately, MOVIE, which many see as Shaw's best, comes out well on this set in a production with Lynn Redgrave and James Villiers.) Even the couple, as it is on their DVD, with The Less Impressive Action, A MAN OF DESTINY, ARMS and MAN make a real treasure. Helena Bonham Carter continued, after cutting the teeth of television roles like this, into a great movie career it will bring many viewers to this early role. They should not be disappointed, because Mrs Carter gives a performance in line with the layered innocence that the audience has expected of her, but under James Cellan Jones' some pedestrian direction (and despite the BBC's consistent beautiful and deliberate physical production) the outrageous fire of the role (And her disgrace by being underestimated in the last action) is only knocking about 80% of its potential. <br /> <br /> Much the same can be said of the real star of the play, Pip Torrens, as Bluntschli "Switzer". It is a fine and appealing performance, but does not favor the physical comedy implicitly in the early stage, where the young soldier can hardly stay awake despite his mortal danger. <br /> <br /> After all, these reservations are a solid production of a wonderful game transferred to the small screen with aplomb. It deserves to be seen broadly, and ideally a faster and more lively big screen remake with the style and silence of the recent remake of Wilde's AN IDEAL HOUSING. Almost * someone * ARMS AND MANEN is to be appreciated, and with good luck we may even see the original 1932 version. 'To one or other surfaces, this production will satisfy anyone who loves good Shaw.
