Doyle had never wanted to revive Holmes from his joint death with Professor Moriarty at the end of the final problem. But economic considerations made him willing (in 1901) to write the DOG OF THE BASKET, which is still considered his best Holmes novel and possibly his best novel. But it was a "memoir" of the great detective written before his death. Only a major outbreak from his public led Doyle to fully revive Holmes in the empty house published in 1905. It's not that the new short stories (and the last novel) are really bad. Perhaps three of the stories are really awful, but even the terrible ones are very readable. Several of the later (as the solitary cyclist's adventure) are really very good. But the irregularities in the production (especially after the stories in HANS LAST BOW (1917)) are becoming increasingly apparent. He repeats the stories of the past, and he shows really negative aspects of Holmes. In the story, the advent of the three gables shows Holmes an insidious sarcasm of a character of African ancestors. <br /> <br /> SPOILER COMES UP: <br /> <br /> THE ADVENTOR OF CHARLES AUGUST MILVERTON deals with Holmes, who is trying to regain compromising letters from Milverton, a very successful chanting. It is an interesting example of how Doyle could make a very readable story with a minimum of plot, because there is only a small real detective work in the story. Holmes is hired to try to negotiate with Milverton for the purchase of letters, but to get them back no matter what! Milverton not only proves that he would not consider a small amount for the papers, but was willing to protect himself from Holmes, who sought to seek his person. Later, we learn that Holmes has entered the household of Milverton by accommodating a girl in disguise. At the end, Holmes joins Watson to break into Milverton's home. He and Watson are in the house when they find that Milverton is awaiting a new business deal in his investigation (someone with information that Milverton can use). Holmes and Watson watch gently hide in, proving to be the victim of security damage from Milverton's past activities, and who shoots the extortionist to death. Holmes and Watson are able to set fire to Milverton's collection of compromising documents before flying from the house and later discovering (for themselves) the woman's identity. Police (under Lestrade) do not discover who the two mysterious men seen from Milverton's home are, and they are so disgusted with Milverton's activities (they could never bring home to him) that it is obvious that the murder will never be resolved. <br /> <br /> The story is not one of the fascinating with real detective work involved as ADVENTURE OF THE SPECKLED BAND or SILVER BLAZE. It's a tale of mood and late action - the question will be Holmes and Watson getting the papers or will they be caught by Milverton? It is not one of the best stories, but it is in the majority of the stories as well told and interesting. <br /> <br /> At that time, he wrote CHARLES AUGUST MILVERTON, Conan Doyle had an experience with the police regarding his sometimes activities as a highly respected amateur detective / crusader. An artist was found murdered in his studio in London, and Conan Doyle began writing his opinions on how the murder was committed. Then he stopped - apparently warned by his friends at Scotland Yard, that the murder was not just looking at. The victim had been homosexual and the police were confident that it was a lover's spit that went horribly wrong. For the sake of the victim's family (this was in 1905) Doyle fell into the interest of the case. So he was aware that British police sometimes acted reluctantly in relationships that did not seem to justify their full probing - as Lestrade's reluctance to kill the miserable Milverton in history. <br /> <br /> Given the description of the story it could have been told in the normal hour-long version of the series. But the teleplay for MASTER BLACKMAILER took some time to show the terrible dilemma facing Milverton's victims (in Victorian / Edwardian England). We see a promising young aristocratic chief officer killing himself when faced with a gay exposure because of Milverton's extravagant demands, all at the start of the telecom game. And it's not just homosexuals. Men and women of good reputation in heterosexual marriages could be smeared by uncovering illegitimate children or past rude relationships. In fact, the woman who kills Milverton in the incident cut off the destruction of her husband (a prominent nobleman) destroyed by the extortionist. <br /> <br /> Milverton plays well on his most poisonous mix of fine actor Robert Hardy, who, even when faced with the unexpected furies he has unleashed, is completely unmanned (he seems like he just wants The angry woman appeared out of her home in a moment. Brett and Hardwicke do quite well in their Holmes and Watson roles as one might expect. How serious was the loss of rumor or insinuation in 1905? In 1898, one of the heroes of the various imperial wars and the leader of the last victorious charge at Omdurman's battle destroyed the Mahdist army (see four father) Sir Hector MacDonald. He was governor of Ceylon in 1903 when he suddenly waited unexpectedly. Sir Hector returned to London and shot himself at a hotel while waiting for some kind of hearing. It later turned out that the "Fighting Mac", which is often considered the most popular army commander in the UK, had been caught up with sleeping boys with native boys. Milverton would have eaten him very quickly ... or his real life models would have.
