It's not an easy movie to watch - it's over three and a half hours long and consists entirely of conversations. Yet, it is so incredibly convincing and ruthlessly observational of the human nature that in my humble opinion, it is one of the greatest films of all time. The film is depressing, cynical and cruel. (If you want something uplifting, see Jacques Rivette's amazing Céline and Julie Go Boating, which were made around the same time). It shows that the ideology of the late 1960s was no different from the society it was trying to change. It involves a presumably released ménage-à-trois between Alexandre (played by Jean-Pierre Leaud), Marie (Bernadette Lafont) and Veronika (Francoise Lebrun). Alexandre is still shown as chauvinist and jealous as any other man. The women are exposed to being willingly entertaining and defining their femininity through the male eye. <br /> <br /> The movie is a highly endearing end to the very revolutionary French new wave. This movement was one of the most significant movements in film history and had a profound impact on the cinema as we know it. Jean-Pierre Leaud was one of the most important players in New Wave, who had starring (among other films) in the influential Les Quatres Cent Coups (1959) by Francois Truffaut as a rebellious teenager. Director Jean Eustache is not as well known as other New Wave directors, but he should be. <br /> <br /> There is no improvisation (unlike John Cassavete's similar films made in the US) and the dialogue comes from real conversations. The film is resonant with Eustache's personal experiences. For example, Francoise Lebrun was a former lover of Eustache. Eustache himself committed suicide in 1981 and the real person on whom the character Marie was based also did. The anger and bitterness culminate in a harrowing monologue of Veronika delivered directly to the audience and breaking down the cold objective character of the rest of the film. This fascinating, personal and honest cinematic statement remains one of the most revealing films of human nature around.
