Similarly, Frank Miller and his Sin City cartoons used black and white to express themselves (and its film noir influences), so Christian Volckman does with the Renaissance. It is the year 2054 in Paris. In the tradition of science fiction, the future is a bright, sparkling multi-torn jewel. This is a jewel in a situation of misery, inequality and darkness; bright and beautiful on top with a dark underbelly downstairs. One of these "bright" people at the top, a scientist from a very large and influential global company (Avalon), is kidnapped. The well-known and effective Captain Karas (pronounced by the new James Bond himself - Daniel Craig) is tasked with finding her. <br /> <br /> The plot and layout are not too original. It is heavily influenced by film noir, Gibson's Neuromancer and other detective stories, along with films such as Blade Runner, Sin City, Fritz Lang's Metropolis and Minority Report. There is the main plot, surrounded by other possible subplots, all of which connect at the end. It's not hard to figure it all out. <br /> <br /> The strength and originality of the film is in its intense visual presentation. Paris is a complex selection of levels and sub-levels. At its base is the more primitive industrial infrastructure. As the city rises, its architectural complexity and luminescence also do. But in this structure, the top is not equal to the increase of human ideals and behavior. Paris has been intricately animated and laid in brilliant black and white. The film is closer to Sin City (the comics), as the Sin City movie was with its source material. This is made even easier because it remains in relatively the same medium; animation. Much like a scanner pushed darkly the visual aspects of the narrative story, so does it. The light and the dark, black and white create an atmosphere of contrast, as well as visual ambiguity. Right and wrong, black and white can lose all meaning while being right in front of us. The film proves how black and white can be both ambiguous and obvious at the same time. <br /> <br /> In keeping with the film's spirit, I can be both a critic and a fan. I can love and loath in the same light. It is definitely an experience I recommend for lovers of visual arts. Then pour another black and tan, get into the cavity and enjoy the trip.
