The 'Renaissance (2006)' was created over a period of six years, co-financed by France, Luxembourg and the United Kingdom at a cost of about 14 million. The final result is an amazing performance of cartoon style animation, aesthetically similar to what Robert Rodriguez and Frank Miller achieved with 'Sin City (2005)', but this movie used motion capture with live actors to translate their faces and movements into one completely animated format. Presented in sharp black and white, the film looks as if it has been lifted from the very pages of the graphic novel on which it was based, and the futuristic city of Paris awakens us. Directed by French filmmaker Christian Volckman, in his feature-length debut, 'Renaissance' is significant from other films in the science fiction genre, and the tech noir story is not something we have not seen before, but from a technical viewpoint, it is flawless. Year is 2054. The city of Paris is a crumbling metropolis filled with dark alleys and deserted hiking trails. The recent installation of modern technology offers only a thin mask for the pitiable degradation of the darkened buildings. The city's largest company, Avalon, gained wealth by offering citizens the promise of beauty and youth, and the company's research department is constantly working to invent greater resources to eliminate the aging process. Ilona Tasuiev (published by Romola Garai in the English-language version I watched), a brilliant young scientist, was mysteriously kidnapped on her return from work, and thus falls to the legendary detective Barthélémy Karas (Daniel Craig) to uncover her current whereabouts. Possibly the key to the woman's disappearance is Bislane (Catherine McCormack), Ilona's hardened sister sister, whose credibility is in question, and Jonas Muller (Ian Holm), the dedicated physician who admired Ilona as her own daughter. <br /> <br /> The eerie, dimly lit city of Paris is reminiscent of Ridley Scott's' Blade Runner (1982) ', and some of the technology looks as if it had been borrowed from Tom Cruise in Minority Report (2002)' {it was accidentally also set in the year 2054}. However, despite this knowledge, Volckman has created an exciting world for his characters to inhabit. Among classical film noir and science fiction, the result is a conspicuous collage of hard lighting and dark shadows, which I should warn, sometimes become difficult on viewers' eyes. The dialogue is a bit trivial at times, and the story, although engaging, offers nothing strikingly original {except for the end, which I thought was a bold twist on the usual formula}, but the "Renaissance" is intended to work best as a visual treatment and that success in this respect cannot be denied.
