In 2054, Paris, Avalon, controls a computer-generated system, the city, and when a young woman is kidnapped, detective Karas (Craig) must go against Avalon to find her. <br /> <br /> Renaissance is a great blend of movies Mixed with a conceptual futuristic tale that illuminates the screen of a shocking manor house with an ideal ideology and conceptual montage that should delight many. Pixar is the animation champion. Their many Oscar-winning films are endless from the charming Toy Story to the mystifying Wall-E, and every business or director has a real challenge of knocking them on their perch. The Renaissance, however, is not a movie aimed at the young audience, and as 2007's Persepolis brings a strong and mature approach to the animation genre to make an older and more challenging movie for the targeted older generation. <br /> <br /> In 2005, Robert Rodriguez released a shockingly brilliant noir Sin City, which shook the whole use of green screen with an excellent balance of filming in black and white with the incredible colors and a year later Christian Volckman a similar approach to this equally visually masterful blow of film making. Volckman's image, however, is a full animation, but it doesn't look half-realistic, for most of it is strongly 1 hour and 40 minutes driving time. The faces of the sign are well portrayed and, in particular, this film must be the finest ever for the use of shadow. The fact we never know at night or day is irrelevant when we just stare into the rocky faces as the shadows interfere with their expression. It is almost a clever use of pathetic error and is also fine-tuned. <br /> <br /> For anyone who has seen Persepolis, you will come to that conclusion, it is one of the finest directed animations ever screened for the simple but very conceptual artistic style of Marjane Satrapi <br /> <br /> The renaissance is just under conditions with that image and in many cases competes with stronger graphics and a darker tone to reflect the mood. A scene in particular when Karas comes out of the dark is beautifully shot. The story is about a stubborn and nosy political government that keeps tabs on all citizens. The race of Paris is down to the mysterious Avalon, which we do not see almost enough to get an essence of its true dominance. The Renaissance controls the narrative of a tired policeman's attempt to save the mysterious woman, and then we see Craig's tired and tedious policeman attempting to rescue while struggling with other elements. There are many things wrong with scripting, not to mention the tired, enchanted policeman is now old, but there are lots of bursting adrenaline and hostile bias between characters to keep it alive right up to a wonderfully shot shocking last couple of stages.
