Every second of the movie is beautiful. And therefore it earns a 7 because the reason is not particularly rude and thinking back over the last 90 minutes, I never felt any tension or investment in the signs. If anything, the luxurious graphics and framing have made some scenes (eg, the car chase) more pedestrian than they should be - not that they don't look lovely and have some very original design and occasionally new camera angles - but they lack the kinetic movement and close-ups that are part of the language of any normal action / thriller. The first hour goes by, and the dialogue feels very edited and a bit stadiumy - people are waiting for each other to finish and do not always respond in a natural cadence, which would be a problem to record each person's dialogue separately. In rare cases, the feelings in the voices do not quite match those on the screen; something that should have been avoided. The futuristic architecture is very attractive (lots of glass walls / ceilings / screens, nice smoke / mirage / special effects) and beautiful cars, but again - it's more of a graphic design exercise that has no real influence on the story. I would argue that the whole point of using the animation sign (instead of actors / CGI) is to really push the boundaries of imagination and design; To do that is too difficult / impractical in other media. Although the animation in the Renaissance is certainly fantastic and incredibly successful, I never felt like I saw anything that didn't happen before. <br /> <br /> Another French CGI movie, Immortel also suffers from an imbalance of beauty over history and pace. To be fair, some amazing and engaging French films also have a dull pace, and long-lasting shots of the look of others' eyes, or the rain of Paris cobbles can cause great emotions - but animators must understand that while the animation gives unique strengths, it is also have weaknesses compared to real techniques. Perhaps it would break out from the "noir" rules that the film wants to stick to, but I also think the filmmakers lacked an excellent opportunity to explore their future societies a bit more - the social teams, the fascist grip on businesses, etc. <br /> <br /> I have no problem recommending renaissance to anyone who enjoys stylistic design and / or animation (especially Manga fans), but I didn't want my other movie-making friends to sit through it. Take out the sumptuous pictures, and it's a scarcely average movie.
