I am happy to say almost only positive things about the film with Karas and Tasuiev sisters, RENAISSANCE. <br /> <br /> First, it looks like it should look; a boy adventure, RENAISSANCE is the tale of a policeman's investigation in search of a missing young scientist ?? Ilona Tasuiev, geneticist and researcher for the Avalon firm. <br /> <br /> The story of Karas, Ilona and Bislane is, but much less well known than SIN CITY, the better movie, and one more appreciated by the connoisseurs. For the French comics aficionados it will be even more meaningful (I have enriched my French cartoon collection last week, even though I'm not so up to date). The atmosphere, the music, the characters, their lines, the plot are all good and endearing. A Parisian senior man, Karas, appears to find a young woman who was a rising star of medical genetic research, Ilona Tasuiev. A gentle blonde whose rebellion sister Bislane was erotic preferred, I assume. <br /> <br /> For me, an oldie aficionado of comics and television series, RENAISSANCE, was a wonderfully beautiful comic as a rendition of a WILD WILD WEST episode ?? here a mythological past replaced with an equally mythological future ?? more jaded and blasé, but in a way as exciting. RENAISSANCE is not exciting; nor does it look very good; But it is seductive and hypnotic. Moreover, it achieves sketch, albeit short, a world, a true world ?? and we will think of Avalon, Nakata, Jonas Mueller, Tasuji's sisters and Goran, Farfella and Karas, who tell of his distant childhood in the Kasbah? . I liked RENAISSANCE's feelings, of some gentleness and closeness and fairness of adventure, and also of the professional, secure appearance; Among these new cartoons, this and Linklater's Dick adaptation (- the only and first Dick adaptation ever -) stood for me as works of beauty and genuine excitement. <br /> <br /> I thought the futuristic units were appropriate and, when not conventional, lively scary (like invisible costumes). As advisable, the characters have exotic names such as Bislane and Farfella, which are mainly gathered from the world of art and entertainment (Goran and Ilona and Naghib ??). No one seems to have noticed that RENAISSANCE's poster has a Rourke look-like? That guy is Marv; which does not make it a SIN CITY rip-off, but also not an originality, and in fact there is more resemblance to the Miller story ?? namely, the gloomy futuristic appearance of a dilapidated society, the hero's brio (actually a cross of Willis' character and Rourke's persona in the former film ??) ?? on the other hand, this cartoon breathes a more public air, an edge of equal adventure pleasure, and in one word is it like SIN CITY for children? Well, naughtier kids I mean because there is little nudity on the display. For what I have said, one can retort that the properties mentioned are characteristic, even as clichés and common places in the appearance of the futuristic more adult comics; True enough, it was oldie Miller to have brought the things on the screen and RENAISSANCE has some similarities here and there. Now, it is also fair that every RING should have its ERAGORN, then to its own city, its renaissance. I admit to being quite partial to these gloomy futuristic tales, a rather exhilarating specialty.
