Picture of the classic noir stories infused with hyper-stylized black-and-white images of Frank Miller's Sin City. Then picture a dystopian science fiction thriller, like Steven Spielberg's Minority Report or Richard Linklater's A Scanner Darkly. A merger of the above would be an appropriate way to describe the visionary French director Christian Volckman's poor and atmospheric take on the future in his feature film debut. But while Volckman's work undoubtedly refers to the aforementioned films and those similar to them, such a simplistic hybrid does not make the Renaissance, Volckman's end result, justice - the film itself is a far more complex job than that. <Br /> <br /> Generic hybrid is usually a hit and miss affair, especially in a modern context where the individuality well seems to be more exhausted. As such, the Renaissance is legal as a cinematic experiment at least with its unique interspersion of the no-noir detective-thriller's gritty nihilism and the amazing allegorical terror of the dystopian sci-fi drama that complements each other's storytelling conventions on an oddly appropriate way. The play is a clever and exciting one (although one gets the sense that many of the lines of the script would have been much more effective in their original French than the English translation - the movie's title also becomes much more exciting) that manages to stay a go in front of the audience all the way through. Although many elements of the plot will seem familiar to those who frequent such science fiction thrillers, the script throws unexpected twists and turns to the right time to keep the viewer on the toes and make it a truly compelling work. <Br /> <br /> The Volckman movie really excels in its visual component, and the amazing black and white animation is easily the highlight of the movie - stunning moody and stylish, showing the enormous aesthetic effect the simple use of two shades can have . With enormous details paid to the composition and appearance of each shot and excellent use of very noir shadows and exciting angles to accentuate the scene's emotional excitement, the movie appears straight out of a Frank Miller cartoon, but with a twist, the end result is consistently visual lavishly. <br /> <br /> The English release of the film has also given increased credibility to its very appropriate range of voice casting. The fierce voice of Daniel Craig is a perfect piece of casting for the gloomy, stoic policeman Karas, and Catherine McCormack is a strong presence as the mysterious woman whose sister's disappearance he examines. Despite a declining English accent, Romola Garai does a good job as the hectic sister of the question, and Jonathan Pryce is appropriately threatening as the shady head of the vicious mega-company Avalon. Ian Holms reedy voice is also a strong choice as a mysterious scientist, and Holm gives a strong impression in his short scenes. <br /> <br /> All, Renaissance has a visually stunning, unique and compelling futuristic thriller, as intelligent as it is entertaining. Although the plot may be well known to those who frequent such fare and the occasional weak line may hamper the movie from being the moody masterpiece it turns out to be, the amazing animation in itself easily carries the film through its occasional nausea. For fans of one of the movie's intertwined genres or Frank Miller's gritty graphic novels, or those who are willing to appreciate a capably crafted, slightly less conventional exploitation of the futuristic thriller, the movie is undoubtedly worth looking at. <br /> - 8/10
