One reason Pixar has lived so well and been so successful is that while their movie remains technical marvel and visual mosaics, they have a story that suits their style. And often very moving style: it affects, charming and cross-generational. That much Anime (broadly speaking) and many other animations fail to match their technical virtuosity with true fabric is, I think (and I can be wrong), partly because the creators are not bothered by character and plot and focus too much on sound and The picture, or the sheer effort of making some animations, is so huge, so annoying that they don't have the energy to create a truly engaging story. <br /> <br /> The same cannot be said of the Renaissance. There are errors in his plot, but I come to it later. However, the same errors are not reflected in the visuals - the Renaissance is now no more than astonishing. The ultra-high contrast images (sometimes as high contrast, there is nothing but a face or a ray of light visible) and incredible details are always impressive, always a joy to see. The futuristic Paris on display is Blade Runner's brave offspring and Brave New World; dark, creepy, quite wealthy and even clean, but shrouded in intrigue, corporate malfeasance, obsessed with beauty (the capital of the cathedral) and disguised as the bias and neglect of its labyrinthine passages with a veneer of monumental and sophisticated architecture. <br /> <br /> It's a convincing environment, not quite original, but very much the same. The film is much talked about 'motion capture' technology and incredible attention to human and design miniature results in images that a black and white photographer would die for. Not that the details prevent entertainment, because Christian Volckman handles some amazing action sequences: a cure for leather care, a couple of cruel (ly-imaginative) murders, more intimidation in the dark and an unpleasant dust up in a gloomy apartment. The location is also great (I want to visit the nightclub). While Kara's central character is your regular off-the-shelf maverick cop, the other two female characters (who are sisters) are the right engines in the movie. From war-torn Eastern Europe, products from a war, diaspora and a family are spit, they are a compelling metaphor for Europe as a whole. The movie is immensely atmospheric, its dizzying, swooping faux camera movements and adult tone make it a very engaging experience. But the plot ... It will never be more interesting than the initial hook, where unbelievable plod Karas will find Ilona Tasuiev, a drop-dead, beautiful and groundbreaking scientist after she has pulled off the street. The outrageous company Avalon (is any company never ever scary?), As she worked for "classified", projects are hell over her retrieval, and soon Karas is up to the throat in official claims, dead bodies, cigarette smoke and narrow missed balls and falls in love with Ilon's sister Bislane (very sympathetically pronounced by Catherine McCormack) when he plumbs the depth of the city's sordid underbelly (and his own past). <br /> <br /> Text-book noir, in other words, but while I enjoyed the movie much more than Sin City (as it has a transient visual similarity), the plot and decision are boring, the extinct of immortality is raised, but Never investigated, and Shenanigans of high-rolling Avalon CEO Paul Dellenbach is also boring, much undermined by the dramatic excitement. The basic ideas are well-known sci-fi genre materials, and it is a sparkling feeling that the images and atmosphere hide the secular material. <br /> <br /> However, the movie as a whole is clear and perfectly coherent, although some of the scenarios in which the characters enter, occasionally feel like excuses for shows by the technical wizard. But it is the projection of life in Paris around 2054, the vision of society and the creation of another city from scratch, making this movie something to see. I can take it too seriously, and if that is the case, I can at least say that it is wonderfully made, extremely entertaining (and also mature) and with a mood like no other.
