A Scanner Darkly, Minority Report, Blade Runner, Sin City and Sky Captain and World of Tomorrow ?? If you are a fan of any of these, then it will be worth checking out. <br /> <br /> French animation project 'Renaissance' took seven years to do on a brilliant budget and tonight I finally got to see it at a private screening for the international film festival in Stockholm. My spontaneous reaction is awe; my further reflection is 'huh, neat' and closer analysis unfortunately gets a resounding 'meh'. It's a great science fiction triumph on the surface, but scratch it or even brush it a little, and its unnecessarily complex plot becomes clearly visible, just like the flat characters. <br /> <br /> However, it is clear that the people at Onyx movies have done something spectacular with the above mentioned surface. Visuals are staggering. They have used live action motion capture built into key frame animation, with strong jet black and bright white contrasts and a heavily shaded rotoscoped background. For those of you who are not down with the 'technical lingo', the movie looks like a fully animated Sin City. Its liquid, transparent, dark and stylized template is complemented by a large lurid lightning. It is a vision. Even much credit is also due to the sharp sound effects that take the form of humming futuristic weapons, exciting music, powerful raindrops and glass cuts. It's every technician's wet dream ... The movie zooms in on a scary, gloomy, futurescape Paris, where a big company called 'Avalon' has begun to interfere with the lives of citizens with surveillance (think fluid transparent screens from minority report) and genetic engineering . The latter leads to a mysterious kidnapping by the young researcher Ilona (pronounced by the lovely Romola Garai). Cut to our hard-boiled cop-on suspension and main character Karas (Daniel Craig) ?? a man who takes the law into his own hands ?? who is assigned the case of finding and retrieving Ilona. During this case he is assisted by Illona's sister with whom he also begins a love affair. A very half-finished love affair, if I may say so. <br /> <br /> The Renaissance world is remarkable. Director Christian Volckman takes a fair jab by melting the noir themes, and the result is a city jungle filled with cads, rats, femme fatales and lonely detectives hiding in the shadow of the seedy slum. The problem is that the creators undoubtedly felt the need to have extremely clear and played archetypes in history, or the movie would have been "too surreal" for the mainstream audience because of its lurid animation format. It then follows that we have a large number of cliché characters such as frightening villains, sleazy crime bosses, and slaughtered chickens that blow smoke every chance they get. It pushes noir in our faces and that is not necessary. What's worse is that the dialogue is a little constructed. It seems that every single line exists of the only reason to drive the plot. This is not a fatal one because the plot is so complex when it starts that it needs a clear direction. Daniel Craig also helps here by bringing a no-nonsense attitude to his hard-cut cop character. At some point in the Renaissance, he is seen in a live car chase, which is certainly one of the most adrenaline-pumping and top notch sequences of the film. Unfortunately, the news of the sci-fi images has turned out for this car chase, and 'Renassaince' could benefit from being a little shorter. In summary, a very interesting but flawless futuristic cartoon experience. <br /> <br /> 7 out of 10
