It is completely pointless to consider this film. It is as if you would condemn (or praise) the newborn for his future life. Instead, it looks like a strong meditation on what could have been and what has been in the last 100+ years. One hundred and eight years of cinematograpy: What has become of the child? I would like to consider what would happen (creatively) if Europe was not interrupted (destroyed) twice by the Great War of the XX century. On her ruins, Hollywood built the fake neon castle of the non-creative and reactionary circus called Hollywood. Before 1914, French, Italian and Scandinavian cinemas led the way financially and of course creatively. French film in particular was already underway with some very original and creative ways that could (if not interrupted) possibly alter media history in some unthinkable ways. One wonders how film history would look today if it was not stiffened and strangled by the commercial and cheap political agenda of Hollywood's 80+ year, what Chekhov could define as the series of greed and fate ... Be it as it may be that at least you are aware of La Sortie as the key (or at least one of them) to "Kingdom". Thus, the birthplace of the cinema: Lumiere Brothers Factory, Lyon, France Date: March 19, 1895 (there is also a replica disc shot in the summer of 1895, so if you notice summer light and the worker's lighter clothes: that was the version shown to the very first people who ever made the floating pictures. * Louis Lumiere: creative ideas, filmography, direction it was the whole of Louis' own domain because Auguste took care of the rest (money). * First film rolls were all fifty seconds long camera (le cinematograph) and the cameramen (le cinematographer) only have fifty seconds to get things done! * Le Institut Lumiere has apparently managed to preserve about 1500 of these first films, mainly performed by an industrial brigade of Loumiere traveling filmographers, crossing the globe *** See all the stars in starry sky and one minute of silence for perhaps the most magical invention in human history (so far).
