The story says that on December 28, 1895, a small group of thirty three people gathered in the Paris salon India You Grand Café witnessed Cinématographe, a presumably new invention, the result of the work of a couple of photographers named August and Louis Lumière. The little crowd reunited that day (some on invitation, mostly because of curiosity) did not really know what to expect from the show, and when a stationary photograph appeared on a screen, most people thought Cinématographe was just another decorative design for current slide show projections. Until the photo began to move. What the thirty-three people experienced in awe of the cold December was the very first public screening of a moving image projected on a screen; The story was written and the cinema we know was born that day. Of the 10 short films shown in the historical day, "La Sortie Des Usines Lumière" (literally "Exiting the Lumière Factory") was the very first to be screened. The film shows the many workers in the Lumière factory as they walk through the factory gates and leave the building at the end of a hard working day. While a very basic "action film" (film depicts a real event) surprised the movie surprisingly to everyone in the audience, as their concept of moving pictures was limited to Edison's "Peep Show" machines (Kinetoscope), the brothers' invention was as nothing they had seen before and so the audience stood in awe, as people and horses moved across the screen. The idea was not entirely new (Le Prince shot the first film already in 1888), but the display of the movie was simply revolutionary. "La Sortie Des Usines Lumière" would be the first in the long series of "current films" that Lumière would produce over the years. This primitive form of documentary was brothers' preferred kind of film because they were more interested in the technological aspects of their invention than in the applications that Cinématographe could have. Despite the initial lack of enthusiasm, Cinématographe was a great success and "La Sortie Des Usines Lumière" quickly became an iconic image of the first screening. It was certainly not the first movie the brothers shot that year, and it was probably not the best of the 10 films that were shown that day (personally I think "L 'Arroseur Arrosé" was the best of the 10); But it's really meaningful that the very first movie was the opening of a couple of gates, as literally this movie opened the gates to the cinema as we know it. 8.10
