All movies made before 1912 really should be seen with a sense of time and place. In 1894 the Lumiere family became the men [father: Antoine (1840-1911), sons: Auguste and Louis] owned and managed a factory that made photographic plates and paper. Not a small business; The factory had more than 200 employees who received pension and social security benefits - innovative for that time. It was located in Montplaisir in the suburbs of Lyon, France. What caused Louis Lumiere to become interested in building a Cinematagraph, in 1894, remains open to speculation. My suggestion is that the appearance of the Edison organization's Kinetoscope (peep-show machine) in Paris in the fall of 1894 gave the catalyst. <br /> <br /> W.K.L. Dickson, from Edison's staff, invented a film camera about the size of an upright piano that was patented in February 1893. It was electrically operated (by power from heavy storage batteries. This massive machine-pumped celluloid film strip (newly developed by the Eastman firm) past a lens of about 40 frames per second (fps), it was ensconced as an almost impossible object in "Black Maria" (essentially the first movie study.) The Kinetescope machines showed staged presentations (less than a minute long), who was filmed in this study. <br /> <br /> Louis 1842 launched Louis Lumiere on the task of perceiving a moving camera. He had determined that even at 16 fps celluloid film, the persistence vision of the human eye / The brain allowed normal movement to be perceived, and his camera, the Cinematograph, was about the size of a large shoe drawer and was fitted with a removable film magazine, the r gave storage for enough film to make a shoot last in a minute as it had been cranked past the lens at 16 fps. <br /> <br /> The size and light weight of the camera (it could be converted into a printer or a projector by the addition of a light source) made it portable enough to move it to any location to record an event (provided there was sufficient sunlight available.) In the spring of 1895, Louis filmed: trick-riding some cavalry men; a fireplace with firefighters arriving and dousing the engulfed building with water; and a number of other scenes in and around Lyon. Using a Molteni bulb, he turned the camera into a projector and presented his films to researchers gathered at the reception of the Revue Generales des Science. The images were projected onto a screen five meters away from the lens. The screen was stretched in a doorway between two rooms. At a meeting with professional photographers, the same year, Louis photographed the forthcoming delegates and that evening, they showed film pictures of their arrival. <br /> <br /> With recognition from both the scientific and photographic communities, Louis decided to have a public exhibition of his invention before the end of the year. Since each of his films would be about a minute long, he would need at least a dozen movies to make a good presentation. For one of these films, he put his camera at the entrance to his factory and photographed the employees' exit at the end. <br /> <br /> The public place chosen by Antoine - who offered himself as "fairground barker" for the cinematographer - was Salon India in the Grand Cafe on the boulevard des Capucines in Paris. It was a wintery Saturday night on December 28, 1895. As the first audience sat, they were presented with a projected view of the Lumiere factory exterior (with closed gates). Some were scared that they should just see a routine slide show of Lumiere photographs. But then the rotation of the camera / projector was reversed and the movement began. Louis had a congenital feeling for filming. This movie has a beginning, a middle and an end. Initially, the doors are opened and people are starting to leave their workplace; in the middle, the people strive - with many trying to ignore the camera and the cameraman, as they seem to be happy to leave a working day behind them. At the end, the gates are closed to the factory. <br /> <br /> And it was the first movie projected for public entertainment.
