I just got back from the Late Night cinema, and it was actually a quiet way out, as most of the audience thought about the real life images of the partition, the freedom movement, etc. Like much of life 'our ancestors face! In the midst of this background, remember that there was no tel / fax / internet in those times, but for the truth and non-violence voice, the cinematography infiltrated a spirit of strong reality of adversity in the midst of the severe Raj. <br /> <Gandhi turned out to be a hard-working lawyer in South Africa who stood for his basic ideologies and gave every level of conviction to spread the awareness of the same with humility and sanctuary, which appeared to the good of the ordinary dirt as a good farewell on screen.It had the best formulated speech with a subtle humor and a blurred threat to the British raj in India! There was a nice note when he said we are praying in silence to the British in India now that Gandhi, the politician, is set to India (against the sanctuary). Much background for a large family with many children needs mention of an overtly divided division and love that might throw it spelling on the unfortunate child's psyche, which was alone to strive for unrealistic ambitions. Little knew Harilal about his ability and he is emotionally carried away with small pleasures in life and fails in front of his father's huge idol. He is trying to get away from the mentoring ship, which is the basis of any success seen by the lucky neighbors in Gandhi's residence when Harilal expands his frustration in the open. This means that he becomes mentally weak and becomes psychologically distorted to the extent that he is forced into religious repentance and alcoholism, with debt and disobedience that burns his negative thoughts. He had still shown his sincere love for his mother through intoxicated scenes, and even Gandhi's humble expression form Harilal to forgive him, did not meet any conclusions in his mind when he always feared the Father, Gandhi. <br /> <br /> He could not digest the fact that Gandhi could not share his love with him as he expected and was driven to rebellion when he could not understand the equal-based supply of scholarship from his father to his cousin where he saw an erroneous opportunity to study for barrister in england. <br /> <br /> It had to take that toll in him thrown to the begging streets as all of India celebrated Indepedence! never changing comes what may be, but the way in which Kasturba & Gandhi of course, bad death is shown, brings in an emotional silence. Finally, the last turbulent thoughts of the dying Harilal are shown as a feedback to keep the audience gripping and wondering where did Father to the nation go wrong? He was clever enough to be mentally strong to lead one-armed forces and use his brave soldier-son as a weapon to show to the British and rival forces that when it comes to national interest, nothing comes in between. although to read a Mahatma's heart one must live outside his family and see where the emotionally naive haril could not see living inside .... A shame that such naive harilal still destroys the efforts of many Mahatma-like fathers in many families in today's life and have taken drugs, alcoholism and God by what thoughts! Here's a message to all the brave sainik soldiers. and happiness must be bestowed, otherwise it is a disaster by waiting, isn't it?
