It was easy for Sir Richard Attenborough to make Gandhi (1982)? He was just telling a story about a great person who went on this planet not so long ago. For comparison, it must have been much harder for Director Feroz Abbas Khan to make his debut as the filmmaker to get Gandhi my father to put a shriveled anti-hero against an international hero, both historically real individuals and ironically father and son. The events in the movie are mostly genuine. Mahatma Gandhi lived as shown in the film and set high moral standards for the world to follow. Nevertheless, these very standards flooded his eldest son's Harilal's ambition to be a lawyer as his father, to complete his education and get a job in India, thus earning income for his nuclear family. <br /> <br /> movies don't debunk Gandhi and his ideals. For Gandhi, his mission was greater than his family's expectations. He loved his family and cared for them, even though his thoughts about their adaptation were flashed by his idea of ​​caring for the masses. He stood for equality and dignity among all human beings and, in his opinion, to give special disadvantage to his own son overlooking other deserving persons, opposed the basis of what he preached. The film looks at an unusual case of parents where an idealistic parent places returning target records for a less than brilliant offspring. <br /> <br /> The movie presents an unusual scenario that happened. A son marries his childhood treasure and disturbs his father. The father disturbs his son's educational expectations at several important times. The fragile connection between a devoted son and a father breaks, as the son will stand on his own feet and take care of his nuclear family. While the father is gradually becoming the father of a nation, his son stumbles in tapping for identity and survival. His marriage breaks and seeks comfort in religion, buffeting between Islam and Hinduism. Through all his hardships, his link to his mother remains until she cheats him to be full. <br /> <br /> Feroz Khan is essentially a game director who makes his foray into cinema. He wrote and directed the game Mahatma vs Gandhi, which had a great influence on the Indian theater community. The play and the subsequent film were based on two biographies, one by Chandulal Dalal and another by Nilamben Parekh. The successful game was an obvious reason for the commercial Bollywood actor Anil Kapoor to produce this remarkable movie. Every time a good instructor of the player tries to lead the cinema there are signs of lack of confidence in the medium. Peter Brook is a great director of games, but less competent as a film director. The opening shots of Khan's film promise great cinema. An abandoned Harilal Gandhi is brought to Zion Hospital, Bombay (Mumbai), who almost doesn't mumble that his father is Bapu (the popular name Mahatma Gandhi), the father of a whole nation. The hospital authorities do not recognize him as being Mahatma Gandhi's oldest son who dies in poverty and loneliness. Aside from the dramatic opening, the film unfortunately only presents a fantastic story and some amazing outer shots from father and son meditating in the silhouette. For an Indian film, it presents some high-quality qualities that go hand in hand with lack of attention to detail (clothing from most Indians in the film seems dust-free and fresh-washed, modern hairstyles of actors, and even Shefali Shetty plays Mohandas Gandhi's wife a century ago with plucked eyebrows), path of Indian cinema. When Feroz Khan is a theater perspective, he has invested much more in working with the actors in developing the characters than on cinematic details, like Sir Attenborough, another person who is also a product of the theater (Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts). <br /> <br /> It knew quite well that in order to criticize Gandhi in any way, problems were asked even though there was no direct criticism in the film, producer Anil Kapoor made a remarkable decision not to posters The film at accessible heights in India fears that someone might tear the poster or disrespect it intentionally or unintentionally. <br /> <br /> With its mix of grandeur and error, my father throws more questions to the viewer. Is a mother-son bonding stronger than a father-son bonding in parents? Is one's closest family less important than humanity as a whole? Are there only refuge in religion and alcohol when worldly problems arise? In this movie, Harilal runs counter to a religion from another religion, while his father quotes the scriptures "Forgive them, for they do not know what they are doing" when they are beaten and thrown to the ground by a South African policeman who is convinced about the value of religion and convince others too. <br /> <br /> The film won the best actress award at the Tokyo International Film Festival for Shefali Shetty (Shah) and an Indian award from critics. Feroze Khan and Anil Kapoor have handled a sensitive subject very well and evoke above-average performances from the ensemble of actors. I hope the film's international success paves the way for some skilled instructors to film yet another excellent Indian game Girish Karnad's Tughlaq a day of international quality standards.
