Narratives from the crypt: And everyone through the house begins on Christmas Eve as Elizabeth (Mary Ellen Trainor) kills her husband Joseph (Marshall Bell), she pulls her body outside ready to throw it down a well, but at the same time misses an important news bulletin on the radio who says a homicidal madman (Larry Drake) dressed as Santa Clause has escaped from a local mental asylum and has already killed more women with Elizabeth next on her list, but she has other ideas and tries to make the seemingly dangerous situation her advantage ... This story from the Crypt story was episode 2 from season 1, directed by one of the show's executive executive producers Robert Zemeckis and everyone through the house is a decent enough watch. The writings of Fred Dekker were actually based on a story emerging from the comic book "The Vault of Horror" and were originally adapted to movies as an episode from Britsih horror anthology Tales from the Crypt (1972), starring Joan Collins as the murderous wife character here played by Ellen Trainor. This particular version is good enough, but doesn't do anything different or special and is a bit too linear and predictable to be considered a classic. In just 25 minutes in length, it certainly goes at a good pace, the story is just about macabre enough and it generally gives decent entertainment and I liked the creepy ending. This time there are Christmas themes with the opening and closing of the Crypt Keeper (John Kassir) with the usual saying. Director Zemeckis does a good job and there is a good winter atmosphere with a touch of Christmas influence. There is not much going on here, someone has a poker in their heads, the other's face is cut with an ice, a person's arm is cut with an ax and there is some blood splatter, but generally it is not so graphic. It is quite good to shop with a small cast. <br /> <br /> And everyone through the house is not the best story from the crypt, but it is a decent one all worth seeing, but after the cartoon story & original 1972 movie version we really needed or even wanted it here?
