Feroz Abbas Khan's Gandhi My Father, a movie that sheds light on the broken relationship between Mahatma and his son Harilal Gandhi. For a story that is as dramatic as the movie this film is trying to tell, it's a shame that the director doesn't tell it dramatically. Gandhi My Father is told to you as the boring story lesson that put you in bed at school. Now the film aims to convey a very interesting point - the fact that Gandhi in his attempt to be a just person ended up being an unjust father. This point is made in the movie many times over, and one of the examples given to make this point is that the scholarship to England, which Gandhi twice denies his son. Instead of showing us just how Harilal dealt with this betrayal and what was going on in his head, the director just moves with the story so we never witness the growing anger that Harilal feels about his father. That's why when we finally see an outbreak from Harilal, it seems like he's overreacting. <br /> <br /> The point I'm trying to make here is that we never really understand why Harilal was the rebellion he did. We never really understand why he turned to Islam and then back to Hinduism. The thing is, we never understand Harilal at all. And that's because the director of this movie is too busy focusing on Mohanda's Karamchand Gandhi and his role in the struggle for freedom, a story most of us are already familiar with. To put it simply, Gandhi promises my father to investigate the strained father-son relationship, but it does not matter as much as showing us where the cracks in this relationship settled first. to be Gandhi's son, but show us why it was a burden to begin with. Show us events of their early conflict. For example, it is not enough that Gandhi simply says he is against Harilal's early marriage, tell us why this opposition? It is not enough that Kasturba blames his husband for the way his son appeared - constantly changing him between schools in Gujarat and South Africa, to make him move every time Gandhi was to move. Words are not enough, showing us how these events shaped Harilal Gandhi's character. What's more, instead of sticking with the prickly theme of this eerie Gandhi versus Gandhi relationship, the movie goes on too many keys and thus saves the impact of the central theme. It was never meant to be a film about the struggle for independence, yet it is as many times as the director feels almost obliged to take us through all the major events leading up to the historic moment, even though much of it has no bearing on the film's basic premise - the stormy father-son relationship. So you see the problem with this movie is not that it is a bad movie, but it is certainly a very confused movie. What happens to Harilal's children after his wife's death? Does he ever relate to them? Where do they suddenly disappear after one scene, where we see them with Mahatma and Kasturba? None of these questions are answered in a movie that basically means being about relationships in the Gandhi family. The movie version of a hugely popular game directed by Feroz Abbas Khan himself, Gandhi My Father is a disappointment, no question asked. Kinematically, it struggles to translate the creators' ambitious intent into the screen. Almost every scene in the film opens and closes with fade-ins and fade-outs, never completely seamlessly leading into each other. On the positive side, there is inherent nobility in the movie that you recognize. The filmmaker does everything to deliver a balanced tale, hardly tries to take sides, never to judge either father or son, nor to paint like the villain. What the film does, however, makes it clear that Gandhi was a difficult patriarch whose ideals could have shaped the nation, but apparently granted his family. Of all the actors in the film, only Akshaye Khanna really shines in the role of the lucky reassured Harilal Gandhi. It is a wonderful achievement, and it is not easy, as the role covers almost all of life. But Akshaye brings a rare blend of innocence and despair to that part and succeeds in making Harilal a pivotal figure. Just see him on the scene where he discovers his wife is dead, and you will realize how much he conveys alone through body language. Darshan Jariwala, who in the meantime plays Gandhi Senior, adopts a caricature approach to playing Mahatma in his later years, but that is the way he humanizes the man in his early years as barrister in South Africa, who is the best contribution of actors to that role. The overwhelmingly gifted Shefali Shah plays Kasturba, the woman who is supposed to be demolished in this father-in-law conflict, but if she is unable to bear the feeling of helplessness, then it really is not so much her fault as it is due to an outrageous script. A lot of effort has gone into this movie, and it is clear throughout, but the film suffers from the inevitable mistake that ultimately is what you will remember about leaving the cinema. It's just so boring. Director Feroz Abbas Khan's Gandhi My Father is a sincere effort, but also a movie that could have done with a much tighter manuscript. What we learn from the film is that Gandhi and Harilal made each other very unhappy. And with this movie, the instructor also makes us.
