From a very long time we see movies at Gandhi. And for the most part, the light is always on the portrait of Gandhi as a fighter or man with principles. But when I heard that a movie was made that would highlight Gandhi as a father and stress on his relationship with his son, it immediately struck my attention, as this is an area that is least explored as it has its own dark side and fewer people showed courage to live in it. Fortunetly did Anil Kapoor (Producer) and Feroz Abbad Khan (Director). The story begins with Gandhi, who works in South Africa and his relationship with white people and his wife. Last Akshay (Harilal) joined his father to become barrister, but his dream violated when his father (Gandhi) pushed (or motivated) him to become a fight for freedom. It shows that Gandhi believes more in practical study rather than formal education. Harilal also tries to walk on his father's footsteps, but soon failed as his dismay towards his wife, children, and his own dream of becoming great success changed his way and then started the rejection between son and father. He finally defeated his father in pursuing his dream and leaving him on his own terms. He wrote back to India, but then his failed stories begin to grow and grow over time. I leave the reader to watch movies to capture further history ... <br /> <br /> Performance. First Akshay. He has so far had the best performance of his power and is absolutely convincing in his portrayal of Harilal Gandhi. The scene where he comes to the living room where his wife's dead body is located is one where you can see a fine actor hidden / developed in Akshay. Darshan jariwala is also good as MK Gandhi and is able to live up to a larger life's character. He worked well and with ease. Shefali Chaya (Now Shah) as Kasturba is a brilliant actress and has already proven his metal in television series. Bhumika Chawla also performed well, but the actress in her candidacy is waste in this kind of role. Other actors have also justified their performances. <br /> <br /> Technology and Make-up are also good and cinematic, especially that Duo-tone color imaging was too good. Costume looks and matches with context. Overall, a worth seeing movie is gently slow to start, and impatient people can find it boring, but gives you an insight into areas not brought to the silver screen to date. Also, the way the story progresses and the connection of the scene to some people and critics in particular, but for an average movie guard like me, is enough enough to make me occupy my place to the end.
