I've been waiting for a superhero movie like this for a long time. "Mystery Men" takes its place among the classic comics on TV such as "Batman" and "Captain Nice" and cartoons such as "Underdog" and "Super Chicken." The same spirit lives in them all: the comical tongue-in-cheek tone; the courage to strive for the heroic in life with the risk of looking ridiculous; the not so sure foot that these characters are able to overcome their opponents. It is the frightening spark of nobility that assumes in the weak and ordinary, and it is great to see the light so loud and bright here. <br /> <br /> "Mystery Men" opens at a feast in a nursing home. I want Kinka Usher to have made sense to give more energy and life to the old people in the scene. As it seems, something George Romero may have thought of. We have to get the feeling that these old people are as sharp as everyone else, or it feels condescending. At the time when the red eyes crash the festivities, you half expect Tom Waits to play a weapon inventor with a penchant for ladies in their eighties to get up and shout: "Just what this party needs - a little excitement!" If the author Neil Cuthbert had any meaning, he would have had the Waits mixing it with the intruders and the eggs of the parties to do the same. It would have made for a start-up and a better introduction to the troublesome trio: Shoveler (William Macy); The Blue Raja (Hank Azaria); and Mr. Furious (Ben Stiller), who seems to get out of nowhere to save the day. <br /> <br /> There are many other problems for "Mystery Men" than I usually go into; among those who the villain Casanova Frankenstein must have, who cultivated a sense of the absurdity as the rest of the people in this film, and he does not. Geoffrey Rush is the wrong actor for that part; he must be far above the top to make the conflict between good and evil a galvanic one. And Rush has never shown a talent for outre. You are hoping for a mature theatre of a John Lithgow in "The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai" or the dry, debonair diffidence of a Paul Freeman in "Raiders of the Lost Ark." Instead, what we get is pastiche; something half baked and not fully realized. <br /> <br /> There are too many ideas running through "Mystery Men" for someone to tie them together nicely, and that may be the deepest problem. But what kind of mess it is is the kind of mess I love. Ben Stiller has always seemed to be dormant in the roles he takes. This is no exception, but he goes on with such a conviction that you get away and feel that he had learned something about comedy growing up in a household run by Jerry Stiller and Anne Meara. His Roy is related to all the assaulted, overly sensitive, chronically defensive types that Woody Allen became popular. And whether it moves into the waitress's feelings on his favorite hangout (the slender Claire Forslani), or the question of a colleague's superhero (Wes Studi as the sphinx) or gives a new member of their "elite" group (Jeaneane Garofalo in what is Perhaps her funniest moments on the screen) a hard time, he always makes fun to see. I couldn't quite say it about him in "There is something about Mary." <br /> <br /> With this notion, Jeaneane Garofalo proves that she should have been the star of "One True Thing", not Renee Zellweger. I don't think I've ever seen fun exchanges between a daughter and father (okay, so he's dead and his skull is in a bowling ball, so sue me) in the movies. And the fun part about this role is that it feels like a scruffy reprise of Emily Watson's enchanting conversations with God in "Breaking the Waves." And in this version the girl does not die and bells do not ring in your head. <br /> <br /> William H. Macy does something very difficult; he makes solid magnetic. You immediately understand what attracted Jenifer Lewis' Lucille to Eddie. You can also understand her exasperation. The grill alone would be enough to drive me over the edge, but when Eddie's sweet, half-breed son looks up at his father and says "I believe in you, Dad." like Lucille sucks and exclaims: "Roland, do not encourage your father", you want to stand and greet Neil Cuthbert as a first-class humor. <br /> <br /> With Hank Azaria (whose only remarkable feature in film up to this point was his mere back in "The Birdcage") and Louise Lasser (Has it been more than two decades since we first noticed her in " Bananas "and" Mary Hartman, Mary Hartman? ") As son and mother who have a love for silverware; Greg Kinnear as Captain Amazing and Ricky Jay as his Publicist; Kel Mitchell as "Invisible Boy"; Paul Reubens as "the spleen" and Lena Olin, if she didn't have the few lines in this movie she has, seems to be visiting the set.
