Although I have long been a fan of Peter Weir, I had not seen any of his Australian films before I saw The Last Wave. And it was a pleasant and unpredictable surprise. Richard Chamberlain plays David, an attorney invited to defend five aborigines accused of murdering another aboriginal. For David's peers, it's a clear case of enchanted suffering, and they think they should plead guilty and make a quick sentence. But David thinks there is a mystery under the murder associated with tribal rituals. As his study continues, he not only learns about his customers, but also about himself. To reveal more would be to pamper one of the strangest movies I've ever seen. I can only say that this movie goes in directions that no one will expect. <br /> <br /> There are many elements that make this a fascinating movie: Chamberlain's play, for example; but also the performances of David Gulpilil who plays a young aboriginal who introduces David into tribal mysteries; and Nandjiwarra Amagula, who plays an old aboriginal, is a spiritual guide. The connections between these three characters make the heart of the film. <br /> <br /> But there is also the way Weir suggests the supernatural in the movie. David has dreams that warn him of the future. Australia is under terrible weather, with storms, hail falls and even a mysterious black rain that can only be pollution. But it is also related to the case, David defends. How it relates is one of the great revelations of the film. Without little events, Weir manages to create an atmosphere of fear and oppression, suggesting future horrors without showing anything. Charles Wain's score is amazing, especially the use of Didgeridoo. The photography is also pretty good. Russell Boyd, Weir's long-standing DP, who won an Oscar in 2004 for Master and Commander, portrays a dark and scary world full of mystery. I also find it remarkable that for a movie centered on aborigines, it does not make me become an accusation against the white culture or for a juicy celebration of their traditions, such as Dances With Wolves or The Last Samurai. This movie is too clever to be so simplistic. Sometimes it can be frustrating and it can disturb viewers who expect to finish a movie with everything that makes sense; But for those who don't mind something weird or ambiguous, The Last Wave is a great movie to watch.
