Director Kinka Usher remains true to his own credo, "Play it right and they will laugh" and with the help of a fantastic cast has created what will become the # 1 cult movie all the time, "Mystery Men." When an evil villain, Casanova Frankenstein (Geoffrey Rush) is released from a mental institution, captures the local superhero, Captain Amazing (Greg Kinnear), and threatens to take over Champion City, three will be superheroes, Mr. Furious (Ben Stiller), The Shoveler (William H. Macy) and The Blue Raja (Hank Azaria) come to the rescue. Frankenstein, however, has been joined by a myriad of assortment of underworld foam and has become a formidable opponent. The trio realizes that help is needed and decides to recruit; What they end up with is nothing short of the most unforgettable team of 'superheroes' ever gathered in the history of the cinema. Mr. Furious has his anger; The bucket, his shovel; The Blue Raja flings silverware (mainly forks and occasional spoon, but never a knife); The Invisible Boy (Kel Mitchell) may become invisible as long as nobody sees it; The Sphinx (Wes Studi), a heavy hitter from down south, is very mysterious and can break weapons in half with his mind. Maybe; Bowler (Janeane Garofalo) can merge a ball with deadly accuracy; and the spleen (Paul Reubens) uses flatulence that can encapsulate an entire room. This is a brilliant ensemble piece that delivers the grin without being discouraging or overbearing to the audience while you are playing it at all times. The dialogue is witty, and the performances from Stiller, Macy, Azaria and Garofalo are exemplary. There are a number of memorable, fun scenes, especially the one where they throw a pool party and grill to recruit and hold interviews with a stupefying composition of applicants; and another in a bar when the bowler has a conversation with his long-dead father, whose skull has been implanted in his bowling ball. The funniest of all, however, must be when the team actually tries to save Captain Amazing. But these are just examples, because the whole movie is composed of a hilarious scene after another, laced with subtle humor that will keep you laughing and thinking about it for a long time. The real secret to that success, however, is that Usher keeps everything right; The relationship between the characters is true, and the whole concept of "superhero" is played as sensible, which somehow gives a sense of credibility to the whole matter. In this world, Mr Furiouss and the other aspirations are assured, and Usher holds the step without intervening in slapsticks or mere synagogues. The offensive supporters include Lena Olin (Dr. Annabel Leek), Eddie Izzard (Tony P.), Tom Waits (Doc Heller), Claire Forlani (Monica), Louise Lasser (The Blue Raja's Mother), Jenifer Lewis (Lucille) and Pras (Tony C.). "Mystery Men" is a truly inspired movie, watched over and over, with a new chuckle to be featured with each show, guaranteed. In the sphinx's immortal words we are number one! Everyone else is number two or lower. 'Is it an Oscar-worthy movie? Almost; But in good time and much laugh, take care of this comedy work; It's the right deal and you won't regret it. I rate this 10/10
