I saw "Mystery Men" on my birthday in 1999 while on vacation. When I got home, I went to see it again. Remember, I was twelve, but then it was the coolest movie ever. I have even collected the ultra rare action figures (I have all of them except Bowler, which is the hardest to find. They made Mr. Furious, The Shoveler, The Blue Raja, The Spleen and Captain Amazing if you wonder. There is one William H. Macy's action figure in existence!). I've seen it many times over the years and it's still a favorite of mine, mainly due to good childhood memories. It's not a perfect movie, but it certainly deserves another look and maybe a cool one afterwards. The story: A bunch of superheroes hiding the day. This was executed again in the mediocre direct-to-video "Specials" as well. But this is the other end of the spectrum: big budget (big budget, almost $ 100 million I think) studio comedy. Yes, the effects are overblown and the huge sets and wonderful production design are a bit much predominantly plotted. But don't think of this as a stupid, special effects-y superhero movie - it's a parody. They fight with a villain named Cassanova Frankenstein, people. He has a psychologist, no matter what (it is a doomsday unit, he takes over the world, yada yada.) And resides superhero Captain Amazing (a Zapp Brannigan-esque Greg Kinnear, with commercial product logos on his costume, nice touch) being kidnapped. Time for Mystery Men: Furious (Ben Stiller, gets angry), The Shoveller (William H. Macy, beats people with shovels), The Blue Raja (Hank Azaria, British, forks), The Bowler (Janeane Garafolo, bowls), invisible boy (Kel Mitchell , guess what he is doing), the spleen (the great Paul Reubens, farts) and the sphinx (Wes Studi, cuts arms in half with his mind, I'm not talking). The rest of the amazing cast of character actors includes Geoffrey Rush as Cassanova, Lena Olin heavily edited as Cassanova's bride, and the only Tom waiting as a crazy weapon dealer. So ... with Macy, Kinnear, Olin and Rush, there are four Oscar nominees (and one winner) and Tom Freakin 'Waits! However, it is not perfect. It's slow and there are some fungi here and there (The Shoveller is full of them). The dialogue certainly outweighs the physical comedy that is sometimes lacking (there is a guy running for his power, case closed). The dialogue is certainly a highlight, the sphinx of the Sphinx, Mr. Furious's mixed metaphors, etc. It's really a funny movie (it will almost let you forget that this was the movie that lets "All Star" out of Smashmouth into the world.) <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the movie did Not so good with critics and audiences as it should have. A follow-up was originally planned (the movie is actually based on a cartoon and characters from "The Flaming Carrot" comics. The flaming carrot was scheduled for the sequel I think), but it didn't do well at the box office. It could have been a hard sell, a superhero comedy with the guy from "There is something about Mary." It could also have been released the same day as "The Sixth Sense" - which ended up being the biggest hit for the month of August - as well as "The Thomas Crown Affair". Two other misguided classics were released on the same crowded weekend, oddly enough - "Dick" and "The Iron Giant". Critics gave MM dangerous reviews, but it was quickly forgotten. Unfortunately, Jeffrey Ross commented on Comedy Central's Roast of Jerry Stiller to Ben Stiller that "I saw" Mystery But "and I fired my agent." Ben is then seen to the mouth words, "I should." Don't listen to him. Give "Mystery Men" a try.
