When I first saw these, it became one of my favorite shows. Melissa Joan Hart is very fun and talented, so were the aunts and the other characters and the star of the Salem cat show, he was incredibly fun. The first few seasons in my opinion were the best when Sabrina was a teenager in high school who adapted to the witch's life. they were most fun, most entertaining and most um ... well. I'm not a fan of starting to introduce Brad and Dreamer because I liked Valerie, but they were okay, the problem was that they were only in it for a season. If you want to make new people at least keep them. I didn't like Josh, he was a twist, I preferred Harvey, but then he disappeared. and they got rid of Libby! It would have been great if you had thrown in theses seven years. and Mr. Craft also if he and Zelda were married, who would have been gold! then Sabrina moves out of her aunt's house and into Roxie / Miles / Morgan's house. I didn't like theses people either, it didn't really seem like they liked Sabrina. Sabrina seemed to lose her charm and stuff, and the aunts seem to be removed from their lives and into their own stupid story lines. I kind of stopped seeing it for a while and the old re-runs were back and I was like whoo-hoo! LAUGH OUT LOUD. I have to say that the last few seasons were absolutely horrible. They got rid of the aunts who sucked because they were a big part of the show. so suddenly she lets the two freeloaders move into the beautiful house, as they treat that he likes dirt. And now she works at a magazine store so they put lots of celebrity guest stars into the show, if they are in every episode, it destroys it kind of. The program just went downhill and lost its brilliance. I saw the last episode. it had the aunts in it (Zelda was reduced to a candle) and she is getting married, but she runs off with Harvey at the end. I would have wanted to know what happened after. yes it is my review and the only thing i can say is the only thing that has been appealing even through the seven years, was the Salem cat.
