You know the people in the movie are in favor of it when royal hailstones fall from a clear blue sky. In fact, the weather remains pretty bad throughout this atmospheric thriller, and only lawyer Chamberlain has the answer. But he is too much the European rationalist I gather to get in touch with the inner being, which only reveals itself through dreams. <br /> <br /> Dark original mystery heavy on metaphysics by director writer Peter Weir. He had already proved his ability to flirt with other dimensions in Picnic at Hanging Rock (1975). Here is the Australian aboriginal orbit world that confronts the tightly controlled world of the predominantly white. Something strange is happening in the Aboriginal community when they kill one of their numbers for no apparent reason. Yuppie lawyer Chamberlain must defend them in a white-collar court. But the more he looks at things, the more mysterious things become, and the more interested is a strange old aboriginal man in him. And then there are those scary dreams that come and go at odd times. <br /> <br /> Well-structured manuscript deepens interest throughout. One of the reasons the movie works is Chamberlain's wife and little daughters. Target groups can easily identify with them. And when their little world runs into the forces beyond the usual frames, normality begins to buckle and we get the feeling that worlds are beginning to collide. Chamberlain constantly teaches, especially during the underground exploration tour, where I think he should have shown more attention than he does. After all, it is the pick of the mask that holds the key (I believe) on the puzzle, but his reaction does not really detect the revelation. <br /> <br /> Of course, the concept of nature returning has some resonance now thirty years later. In the film, the wrapping is wrapped in a lot of entertaining hocus-pocus, but the subject itself remains a narrative. One way to highlight a central irony in the movie is the symbolism of the opening scene. A large white SUV barrels past an aboriginal family that leaves them in the historical dust. The terrain resembles an interior tribal reservation with no particular importance to the coastal quarters where the industry resides. Nevertheless, it is also a region that most likely survives something as a destructive last wave. Maybe there is something about past and future to think about here. <br /> <br /> Still, it's a really good movie that will probably stay with you.
