Spoilers I loved the later episodes from college and beyond, but I wish I could get the last season on DVD. Unfortunately, the last thing I could get is the first college season. Still, teens were cute; Although they focused heavily on magic, they also made her a sign that teens could relate to, shared with the stagger of teenagers and children in divorced families. This show was very innocent; they did not get into the bad teenage problems such as sex and drugs, but they participated with pressure to fit in. I loved seeing her grow up and doing her magic alone and trying to convince her aunts to get away as she left the riddle. The older episodes were cute, but it was just so much better to see her as (not really a teenage witch anymore), but an adult witch. I loved Roxy and Mortgan; they were so talented! In the earlier episodes, the aunts were great actresses, but they were so strict, kind and loving, but they treated her like a child in some ways, but not in every way. I think they have founded her for every little mistake she made with her magic, I mean, let her learn from her own mistakes for once! That was what I liked about the college episodes; she was able to learn from her own mistakes without being grounded over everything; it was annoying. Not to put Hilda and Zelda down. Melissa Joan Hard is beautiful and was perfect for Sabrina with her Perky personality. I liked the last episode where she ran from married Harvey, but as someone else said, it would have been nice to see what happened after. I think it was obvious that they were married; where else would they run in her wedding dress? But I would have liked to see it. I assumed they wanted to leave it to the viewer to choose the ending, but rather than the vagina that fed it to us, as most comedies do. Someone said they could have shown them marrying and going to school in the house, but they were already in college. Sabrina did a good job for a magazine, and I think Harvey did a good job because he lived in a lovely apartment we only see in the end, but they never say what he does. As a child, they always talk about how he does not want to be an extra terminator as his father. When Sabrian moved into the house, season, they never really explain how it happened. In fact, there is much that the notion explains, but I thought it should be leaving it to us and giving it some mystery. Before Sabrina and her friends move into the house, they show Hilda to get married and all this magic that ends with Zelda becoming a child. Hilda comes back in the last episode (and Zelda is there in other form, but Beth is not on the episode), but they do not show Zelda's husband or what happened, just as they had children? Maybe they didn't want too much to happen in an episode. I also liked Hart's sister who played her spoiled cousin! She was beautiful and a great actress and it was interesting to see her grown up! I canon believe it has been six years since the show went out of the air! I still love reruns! Also, I don't know if anyone has noticed this, but in the previous episodes, the city was called Westbridbe (a built-up city, I think that should be close to Salem), but in the later episodes they don't mention the name of The city becomes caled Westbridge, and I think they call it Boston unless it is just where she worked. I would also add that I found the "Wild Wild Sabrina" episode where she is taught the importance of rules to be abusive. She was 18 and too old to be grounded; I would have been offended if my parents founded me for 18 years. And I think that while an 18 year old can interfere with how she did, they must learn the consequences alone. I believe in 18 they know rules are important.
