I have this movie on DVD and have seen it thirty times now. I really have to love it, right? Well, not really. <br /> <br /> I was surfing earlier in my life and I loved the sport. To this day I am fascinated by good surfing. Riding Giants have lots of it, and so I am a sucker for the case. But I certainly have some bones to choose from. (Peralta, you're listening?). <br /> <br /> First, the film has too little faith in its subject. The cutting and editing of the waves is such that the majority of them are damaged. Very, very few waves are actually shown rides from start to finish. Peralta occurs depending on a hyperkinetic, cut-and-beat method. It gets particularly bad in the middle section of the on-site Mavericks in Northern California. Not a single wave is ridden, begins to finish. Almost the entire section on Mavericks (one third of the film) is a huge montage of clips with an equally large soundtrack. I can understand what effect Peralta was trying to achieve with Mavericks, as the place is a really scary mix of crushing waves in frigid open ocean, but he goes too far. Mavericks are not just a bad acid trip. Waves are actually ridden there, even with good performance. It would have been good to see some of them. If Peralta thinks this is a grand sport (and I'm sure he does), then why insist on cheating on the subject so much? At times, editing reduces the movie to the uncontrollable. There is a quick clip in the section on Peahi in Hawaii that I still can't understand. Although I run it on slow motion on DVD, the picture is too fast to be encoded. It must be a few frames in the length of max. <br /> <br /> Secondly, have the guys who have made this thing ever learned about understatement? It is particularly scary to see the famous director's version on DVD. These guys sound like two over-the-top valley girls. The same feeling appears in the main production. Every thing is always so godly "fantastic" etc. A single character is simply incredible - Sam George, the editor of Surfer Magazine, who almost throws in his pants every time he has something to say. He's a super draw on the movie. <br /> <br /> There's a tremendous effort going into this movie. I just mean to get the old movie pictures they have and also all the interviews. The movie is a great story, and I think it's generally captivating entertainment. Thematically, it is well laid out, with the three parts centered on Greg Noll, Jeff Clark and Laird Hamilton respectively. There are some applications of still photography that are phenomenal. In the director's story, they say it is a new type of 3D technology, and it really works. The three main characters shine, both in their interviews and in the water. As an athlete, Laird Hamilton is a revelation. He rises to the top of his sport in a way that I've only seen Michael Jordan in basketball. And also the story of his meeting his father is a gem. It really touched me. <br /> <br /> It's just that the movie could have been so much more. The very first part of the movie, when the credits roll, gives a hint of what it might have been. There are some beautiful panoramic images of waves with a magnificent soundtrack. (The soundtrack in the rest of the movie is bad, although you might like it if you're a fan of the modern, frenetic school of rock.) Anyway, there are my two cents ...
