I remember seeing this when it was released, in a theater in Palo Alto, and didn't expect much. I mean - an Australian movie? But it finally came to me. Here's a scene. Richard Chamberlain sits on the floor of a shabby apartment in Sidney, facing an Australian aboriginal elder named Charlie. <br /> <br /> Chamberlain: "You were outside my house last night, you were afraid of my wife. You?" And Charlie with a conscious pace responds: "Who are you? Who are you? Who are you? Who are you? Who are you? ... Are you a fish? Are you a snake? Are you a man? .. Who are you? Who are you? Who are you? "It's a great scene, shot all close, with Chamberlain's beautifully beautiful face that fills the screen unlike Charlie's black, wide, bearded visage. The two guys couldn't be more different and this film is the story of how Chamberlain accidentally stumbled from his humdrum law existence to the inexplicable, almost unlikely mysteries of Charlie's world. I don't think I want to go much about the plot. It is a kind of apocalyptic tale. But I have to say who did the research on Australian aboriginal beliefs should get a plus. They have everything in here, from pointing the leg to the dream time, a kind of parallel universe where dreams are real. It is an extremely scary movie with no musical stings or amazing special effects. Charly's world simply begins to enter Chamberlain's dreams, for reasons that are never quite clear. <br /> <br /> If there is a problem with the script, it is. Nothing has ever been made clear. Does Chamberlain, who seems to have an extraordinary report with the Aborigines, die in the last wave? Do the Aborigines? Do the whole of Sidney? The basic premise is a little hard to accept, even though it is certain that this is a fantasy. The Aborigines are invested in the kind of spiritual power that Americans give to American Indians, while the fact is that mythology is mythology, and while being more complex or satisfying - more elegant and beautiful if you want - mythology is still an attempt to transcend a common, demanding and sometimes disappointing physical existence. Charlie's mystery is more convincing that Moses' miracles in Cecil B. DeMille's "The Ten Commandments", but they are brothers under the skin. <br /> <br /> But I don't care about it. Taken as a movie, this one is pretty good, and it is especially important to mark the director Peter Weir's celebrity and the Australian film industry. This was the first of a large wave of movies from the antipodes, some of them raucous, like "Mad Max" and some subtle and dramatic, like "Lantana". I like Weir's things that look like Nicholas Roeg in being pregnant with subliminal fears. Try "Picnic at Hanging Rock" for an example of how to make a truly chilling movie with no blood drop.
