Wow! Stacy Peralta has followed Dogtown and Z-Boys up with an equally great documentary on the history of the Big Wave surfing culture in America. Along with insider archive films along with interviews from surfing legends, we are transported into the daring and outdoor life of the early pioneers whose pure passion for sport created an industry that today touches millions of lives. <br /> <br /> It knows these icons and their stories that give the film its warmth. You can feel the respect Peralta has for this group as we hear the accounts of Greg Zero, ranging from a package of awestruck surfers on the beach to challenge 50-foot swims off Hawaii's North Coast. Or Jeff Clark, surfing the monstrous dangerous Maverick off the Northern California coast all alone for 15 years before it was discovered and became a surfing destination in California. And the story of Laird Hamilton, today's surfing icon. Hearing Greg Noll respectfully refers to Hamilton as the best surfer ever sent chills into my backbone. As a side, Noll, Clark and others were on the Sundance screen. Zero humbly described himself as an old, over-the-hill surfer. He was deeply moved by the audience's reception of him and film. Both he and Clark were as sympathetic as they were in the movie.) The Riding Giants pay tribute to these extraordinary athletes while rewarding us with an insight into the magnitude and frightening power of the waves they seek to capture. the gut-cutting vertical drops to get into them and the almost inevitable combination of adrenaline and fear that surfers experience every time they take a monster swell. <br /> <br /> All this and the movie has more. For those of us who didn't live in California in the 60s, we get an insight into the effect of surfing on American pop culture. (And to my surprise, the effect of the movie Gidget on surfing!) Peralta also weaves in a primer on some of the technical aspects of the sport and the history of innovation in equipment. I'm not a surfer, but like the rest of the Sundance audience, I was totally fascinated by this movie. Peralta claims his Big Kahuna of American documentaries.
