Riding Giants is a brilliant documentary that delves deep into one of the most underrated sports world and gives the surface a very human and raw feel that only Stacy Peralta could capture. Everything from the structure to the players, to the amazing stock footage, even to the style in which it was filmed, only reinforced the beauty and power of the sport of surfing. Of all the surfing movies I've seen (Endless Summer, Billabong Odyssey and Step Into Liquid), this was the most consistent and relevant. Beginning with the early age of surfing (a brief history lesson) that lasts until Laird's infamous trip, Riding Giants goes further into the sport's mind, heart and soul than any of these other documentaries. How to do this? By giving us the whole story, from start to finish, without fiction or jig, which moves from wave to wave. <br /> <br /> To begin this movie was structurally sound. In the other movies I've seen about surfing, you sometimes find yourself jumping from new person to new person, wave to wave, event to event without knowledge of why or who? In Riding Giants we have a very small piece of veterans and beginners. This allows you to really go deeper into each mind. Also, instead of just driving waves, we are handed over more history and more personal insight into the world than before. That's what really attracted me to this movie. I was impressed that instead of showing all those big waves (because it's a big wave movie), we listen to stories and see first hand what these surfers might overcome to get to those waves. I loved the information about "beach bums" or dad's surfing. I'm still the floor of the amazing stories of Greg Noll and his early adventures in the deep deep blue. So, to see him personally, he talked about what was happening in his mind, only adding more fuel to the fire. The straightforward structure that Peralta followed, made me follow and walk away with more knowledge about the sport than with any of the previous films. Peralta shows so much feeling and passion that you can't help but be surprised at what these brave people have done and where the sport goes. Add to an immaculate structure some intense and creative films and you have darn near perfect movies. Using techniques that I last saw in The Kid Stays in the Picture, Riding Giants creates some scenes that almost feel like they are jumping out of the screen. Although it is not 3D, it is the flat dimensional feeling you get when you put two images on top of each other. In this movie it worked. It created more depth on the scenes, and was really added to not only the shock value (man was these waves huge), but also the danger that these guys were constantly facing. If it behaved differently or maneuvered wrongly, these waves would kill them. Some died, but it didn't stop the sport. It only created more excitement and more passion to do better. It is this love for the sea and the sport that leads me to my last point. The human element. So many of my past adventures in the world of surfing documentaries left me with beautiful waves, but very little about the people. The movies knew people were watching the waves, so it would basically go from wave to wave to wave and maybe a short second about the person. This movie was the opposite. Peralta created this masterpiece by still giving us the waves, but putting so much more attention to the surfers and the immortal question of why they do it every day. What jumps through their minds, what pushes them to move on, and the bonds formed while out on the wild blue yonder. I felt like having seen this movie, I not only knew more about big wave surfing, but also about the emotional side to the sport. This was an element not as developed in the other films and pushed the Riding Giants to a whole new personal level. Overall, this movie was brilliant. Never have I experienced so much passion, affection and love wrapped in a structurally sound film. From the beginning to the end I was impressed. I would be very happy if this film won Oscar this year for best documentary, and to see a new rebirth in the surfing world and open more doors to movies of this kind. Degree: *** ** out of *****
