"Film noir" is a spoken word when it comes to describing movies. Every crime drama seems to be a "noir". But "Where the pavement ends" is really a good example of what the genre is about. <br /> <br /> Very briefly, a supernatural detective (Andrews) accidentally kills a no-goodnik working for mobsters. The killing is blamed on the father (Tom Tully) of a woman Andrews meets and falls to (Tierney). To save Dad from Old Sparky, Andrews captures the rest of the mob and turns. <br /> <br /> The morally guilty policeman is driven by past impulses. His father was a thief who was killed and tried to shoot his way out of prison. But it does not apologize for his actions after he accidentally turned off no-goodnik in self-defense. He immediately goes to the phone to report the incident, but he hesitates. He is already in hot water with the department and this can end his career. So, at the wrong time, the phone rings. It is Andrew's partner, and Andrews tells him that the suspect that they are left is not at home. He hides the body and later removes it by slackening a watchman and dumping the body in the river. What motivates a guy to do something so stupid? Okay. His job was in danger. But now he has committed several crimes. At least I think they should be more. I counted on the prevention of justice, assault, the disposal of a body without permission, the formation of colds, the first degree, and bearing false witness against his neighbor. In the end we do not know if root for Andrews or not. The suspect did not deserve to die, true, but it was an accident, because Andrews did not know he was war hero and "had a silver plate in his head." Perhaps it is the kind of ambiguity that made noir what it was, among other things as characteristic lighting. If noir involved nothing more than black and white photography, murder, criminals, mystery and suspicious women, then we should include all the Charlie Chan films under that box. <br /> <br /> Andrews is pretty good. He's a kind of Mark MacPherson (from "Laura") gone. He never laughs and rarely smiles, even when sitting across a restaurant table from Gene Tierney, a situation that is likely to smile for many men. He has no humor at all. His few wisecracks are put-downs. When he pushes a chair in a cab and the post says, "Caution. I almost hit my head," Andrew's riposte is, "It's okay. The cabin is insured." Andrews can sometimes be kind of wood, but it is a role that requires stubborn and humorous determination, and he handles it well. His underplaying is perfect for that part. Small features or flashes project his thoughts and emotional states. And I suppose the director Otto Preminger stopped him from commenting as "BOO let" and the police as "POE lice". Never mind Gene Tierney. She performs in the role of Tom Tully's daughter, a model, but she is like Marilyn Monroe, because one cannot separate the adopted way from the real personality traits. Did Tierney actually have such an innocent, almost saintly persona? When she answered the phone at home, did her voice have the same song quality as it has on the screen? Bad Tierney went through some bad psychiatric things before there were any effective meds for bipolar disorder. And also Andrews, lovely guy, though he seems to have been, slipped into alcoholism before finally recovering and publishing announcements. <br /> <br /> The DVD comment from Peter Muller is unpretentious, informed and sometimes entertaining. /> <br /> Yet this is a good movie and a good example of film noir. The good guys are not all good, although the bad ones are all bad. Perhaps the ambiguity is what makes it an adult picture rather than a popcorn movie. For the kittens, only one shot is shot on the screen and no one has the head exploding. Pardon.
