'Where the pavement ends (1950)' are properly opened with the names of Dana Andrews and Gene Tierneys inscribed on the pavement as dirty water flows down between the pillars of a sewer grid. The pavement represents respectability, integrity and morality ?? only villains and crimes are running. But even the most honorable of men tend to fail occasionally, and when the sidewalk suddenly comes to an end, sometimes it is impossible to avoid getting their shoes wet. Mark Dixon (Dana Andrews) was born on the verge, his father is a professional criminal and has spent his entire life complaining back on the sidewalk, which is always balanced on the edge of the edge. As a politician, Dixon wants nothing more than to show the decency and integrity that his father lacked, but he has a medium stretch that he cannot escape. When his quick temper leaves a murder suspect's death, Dixon finds himself becoming the very father he despised, a cheap criminal who will cheat and lie to cover his crime. <br /> <br /> 'Where the pavement ends' was the only movie to reunite Dana Andrews, Gene Tierney and director Otto Preminger after the amazing 'Laura (1944)', even though the two films go noir, could not be further separated. While the former image had the intimacy of a country murder, this film is more conventional as a gritty urban police drama. Considering her incredibly memorable performance as Laura Hunt, it is unfortunate that Tierney here is grossly underutilized and possesses the typical niche of the beautiful, helpless romantic interest {which she did the same year in Jules Dassin's "The Night and the City" (1950 ) '}. Andrews, on the other hand, has rarely been better, showing a toughness and unheard-of anger that I didn't expect from him. Gary Merrill looks like a crime commander, Scalise, but he does not seem enough for the role, and I think an actor like Richard Conte (who played Mr. Brown in 'The Big Combo' (1955)) would have better suited character ; I hadn't understood this, but Conte appeared a year earlier in Preminger's Whirlpool (1949). <br /> <br /> The excitement that Dixon is trying to cover is its unintentional crime is completely rotten? certainly among the most exciting sequences of his era? although I feel that the situation was still not being exploited to its full potential. The taxi driver is the only person who could have decided to identify Dixon as the perpetrator, but Preminger hurries quickly after the moment he passes Dixon on the stairs. Had the witness been brought in when Dixon re-enacting his own movements outside the entrance to the apartment, we could have had some real fireworks. And why, for that matter, could the taxi driver's testimony immediately release Jiggs Taylor (Tom Tully) from suspicions of murder? Niggling inconsistencies like these infect an otherwise excellent manuscript from Ben Hecht, which infuses his gritty criminal underworld with fiery police and clever crackers. Andrews' insane and implosive law enforcement, plagued by anger and remorse, has rarely been done better, at least like Robert Ryan in Nicholas Ray's' On Dangerous Ground (1952) '.
