New York Police Detector Mark Dixon (Dana Andrews) is a guy who has to deal with his own demons every day while coping with the normal ups and downs of everyday life. The burden created by his inner struggle and his intense hatred of criminals leads him to make serious mistakes and not to acknowledge the need for any code of conduct to be observed in his conversations with people on the wrong side of the law. He has a track record to treat suspects and known criminals with gross brutality, and it has brought him into conflict with his superior officers who have censored him for the amount of violence he has regularly used. Dixon cannot reconcile these calls to restraint with his own extreme and irrational hatred of all criminals. He is troubled by the fact that his father was a criminal and has a strong need to deliver his father's reputation and to avoid fulfilling the low expectations many people have of him as a result. <br /> <br /> When a rich Texan is murdered after an evening gambling run by gangster Tommy Scalise (Gary Merrill), Dixon is awarded the case. Scalise tells Dixon's chief officer Detective Lieutenant Thomas (Karl Malden) that the victim was accompanied by Ken Paine (Craig Stevens) and his wife Morgan (Gene Tierney) and that Paine had committed the murder. Dixon goes to Paine's apartment and asks the suspect who is both inebriated and uncooperative, and when Paine strikes him, Dixon and Paine claim to collapse and die. Dixon continues to dispose of the body in a nearby river. Paine's wife has been questioned and, after describing what had happened at Scalise's site, adds that her father had gone to Paine's apartment later that night to question him that she had come home with facial bleeding. Paine had previously attacked her on a number of occasions, and her father, Jiggs Taylor (Tom Tully), had threatened that if it happened again, he would turn Paine up. This information leads to Taylor being arrested and charged with murder. Nobody accepts Dixon's explanation that Scalise had killed Texan and then had Paine killed to remove him as a witness. <br /> <br /> Dixon continues to make various attempts to get Scalise sentenced, but ultimately realizes that the only way to achieve success with his goal is to write a decree on his own role in the death of Pain and cover up. He does this and also records that he goes alone to confront Scalise, so police can arrest gangsters for Dixon's murder. The confrontation with Scalise and the possible means by which Dixon achieves his own redemption, provides a tense and appropriate conclusion to this ugly thriller. <br /> <br /> Dana Andrews's strained and absorbed expression transmits his character's eternally restless nature and his concerns as he deals with a series of accidents involving and following Paine's accidental death. However, Dixon is not the only one who experiences an accident like Morgan, a successful model loses her job because of all the problems surrounding her. Her father, who had been awarded a diploma to assist the police a few years earlier, is unfairly accused of a crime he did not commit. Ken Paine, who had been a war hero, had experienced unemployment and loss of self-esteem that led to alcoholism and wife hit, and Scalise, who was put up for business by Dixon's father, also suffered from his own accidents. <br /> <br /> "Where The Promenade Ends" is a thoroughly engaging story involving a group of interesting and diverse characters and a protagonist who is the absolute personification of moral ambiguity.
