Otto Premingser's charm, the magnificent visionary film noir, is that it has ambiguous intentions and betrays the gloomy essence of the central character, which is still concerned about living in the shadow of his criminal father. Dana Andrews' driven, vindictive cop is shown as an outsider, irrational and destructive, who might change because he might have found a good woman to look after him. The restless man recovers with his own intricate impression of justice. The disturbing mood struck permanently in the latter half of the story of scriptwriter Ben Hecht, who reverberates in Andrew's tense performance, as Preminger saturates the film into a relevant prose fabric. We do not see and hear the city at night; We feel it because Preminger lets us see and hear even the most peripheral and distant factors. <br /> <br /> Dana Andrews gives a complex character unfolding through his stripes of violence and the hatred that always attacks him. As the plot progresses, he is secretly rooted in situations, but he is renewed by the external actions that can be seen in the vintage noir protagonist's visceral facial expressions before performing them. <br /> <br /> This reflection of a Specific phase in the evolution of the genre is an exciting, feral and shady film noir set in the underworld's double-acting climate, where the hero is so alienated that he always swells with anger and even though he loses his rational resistance, business practices and ethical boundaries, he is still a good policeman. Premings just wave by telling a social conscience drama about a devastated society within the sparkling cityscape, but keep the thrill of Andrew's shoulders as an existential journey of personal change about a man with an oedipal fixation interrupted with the eternal - shrink influence of the law on his side and an inevitable perception of right and wrong. <br /> <br /> In the early 1950s, the production companies refocused on the social problem and rather made "low budget, low risk thrillers" like this, apparently in an attempt to avoid the capabilities of conservative critics and social recordings. But there is an expressionist relationship with Preminger's opaque approach. He injects each scene with a sense of everyday drama as the backdrop to the plot. Each supportive character must draw his own weight by doing something interesting, but none of them are cartoons or depressing comic reliefs. To him, every person thinks they are the star, as according to Karl Malden right from the shoulder, as a missionary political inspector and a veteran waitress at a lunch table. Those are the stars --- Andrews and Gene Tierney, both attacked by their vain attempts to dampen their emotional intensity --- which will not be.
