I'm a big fan of film noir fan, and this movie by Otto Preminger stands out as one of the best I've seen! Preminger has reunited two of his stars from hit 'Laura' - Gene Tierney and Dana Andrews, for a completely different kind of crime movie. Laura was based on love, and this movie is based on hate; As we see the police detective, Mark Dixon, a copper is already under control from his superiors for his heavy-handed tactics, accidentally killing a suspect and attempting to pinpoint the murder of a known criminal a man named Tommy Scalisi. The plot works brilliantly, and Preminger balances several plot points; But it all comes back to the most important moral implications of our protagonist. The fact that the film is placed in the criminal underground means that the plot is a good base to work from and director Otto Preminger accepts professionally the hardest side of life by showing the protagonists playing and beating each other (and their women) shooting And much more - and it also helps to compensate the film from the former 'Laura', which was largely put in the upper class community. Mark Dixon's role gives Dana Andrews one of the most interesting parts of his career. Here we have a character that is hard to like when he is so cold - but the fact that we can understand his motives ensures that he is easy to sympathize with, and that allows the audience to join his situation. The drawing development is well-started and as we follow this character and his motivations throughout the film; Everything makes sense at the end. His co-star is the beautiful Gene Tierney, which is not so much to do in this movie as she was in Laura; a movie that made Tierney's linchpin. She does well with what she has and the leader duo is chemistry, and Tierney helps complete each scene she is in. I can't say this is a better movie than the previous Laura; It is a hard action to follow, but this movie certainly fits into film noir formula better than Preminger's earlier films. The film also makes a good comparison to Laura; since almost everything in this movie is opposite the 1944 film, it is strangely known. Highly recommended to everyone!
