At first glance, it seems natural to compare where the pavement ends with Laura. Both have noirish qualities, both were directed by Otto Preminger, and both star Dana Andrews and Gene Tierney. But this is where most of the comparisons end. Laura deals with skilled, sophisticated people with means that just happen to be mixed in a murder. Where the pavement ends are set in a completely different layer. These are people with barely two nickel to rub together, which is more accustomed to seeing the genitalia of the community than going to fancy dress parties. Where the pavement ends is a gravel film filled with desperate people who solve their problems with their fists or another weapon. Caps are a dime-a-doin and the police regularly get acquainted with the villain. Getting caught in a murder investigation seems as natural as breathing. <br /> <br /> While I haven't seen all his work based on what I've seen, Dana Andrews gives one of his best performances as the beat-down policeman, It. Sgt. Mark Dixon. He is the kind of policeman who is used to scrub the local caps if it gets him information or a confession. One night he goes too far and accidentally kills a man. He does his best to cover it. But things get complicated when he falls for dead man's wife, Morgan Taylor (Tierney), whose father is suspected number one in the murder. When Morgan's father means the world to her, Dixon must do whatever he can to clear the old man without involving himself. <br /> <br /> Technically, where the pavement ends are excellent. Besides the fantastic performance from Andrews, the film has the always lovely Tierney. She has a quality that can make even the gloomiest of moments appear brighter. The rest of the molding is just as solid with Tom Tully as the mistakenly accused father is a true standout. Apart from the play, the direction, the sets, the lighting and the cinematography are absolutely top notch. All in all, it's an incredibly well made movie. <br /> <br /> If I have a complaint (and of course it is a very, much less quibble) it is that Tierney is almost too perfect for the role and her surroundings. It is a little hard to believe that a woman can thus find herself mixed with some of these eerie characters. It's not really her fault, it's just the way Tierney comes across. She seems a little too beautiful, polished and delicate for that part. But her gentle, kind, trusting nature gives a sense of necessary realism to her depiction.
