In which pavement ends, Otto Preminger reunites Dana Andrews and Gene Tierney, probably hoping to regain the magic of his Laura. But they are wildly different films set in different layers of New York (not to mention in opposite poles in the noir universe). A fine mist of the Gothic hovering over the exclusive Manhattan of Laura with its erotic obsession and weak whiff of necrophilia; Where The Sidewalk Ends are clean urban soot and grit befouling a town of basement apartments, steam rooms and parking garages. <br /> <br /> But it's just as fine a movie as its honorable forerunner, and colored-in-the-wool noir (Laura, on the other hand, one of the links of 1944 films that Frenchmen first called `noir 'was still very much a sophisticated murder mystery). Daylight is only included on very temporary sufferers, and director of photography Joseph LaShelle gets the most out of alleys and brown stones, harbors and El. This is a big city - especially the Big Apple noir, like several others from the 1950 bumper, such as Side Street and Sleeping City and The Tattooed Stranger and Edge of Doom. When the film opens, police detective Dana Andrews is on the carpet for his brutal ways, especially his vendetta against crime chief Gary Merrill (whom we learn was created in the business of Andrew's ne'er-do-well father). When an out-of-towner is stabbed to death on a floating crap game run by Merrill, the hair removal man Andrews raises a witness that makes him a deadly crack in the skull (aggravated by a steel plate installed in the veteran's head ). To realize that his job is already in line, Andrew's body dumps the river after it has been found that the suspect had taken a powder. Of course it is far from an end to it. The body is discovered, his outcast wife turns out to be Tierney, and all the evidence begins to turn to his father (Tom Tully), a hack driver who has not only driven the same average streets during the night of the murder, but to have ample reason to wish that his failing son-in-law died. But the damned lonely Andrews finds in Tierney a call to his better nature; he tries to liberate his father while still keeping his own commitment to the whole business a secret .... Not as epigrammatic as Laura, the script for Where The Sidewalk Ends (by Ben Hecht) shows his own superior tells Andrews, "See on you - all clashed like a barrelhouse subject "). While Laura spread her attention over half a dozen characters, Andrews is anything but the only focus (even the Tierneys role is far less central than her half-spectral Laura). And Andrews may have never excelled in his performance here. It is tight and tacit, but never more eloquent than when his face silences the anxiety his own obstinacy has brought him. He is a fictional sufferer who can only find release through the security valve of violence (he even beats his loyal partner, Bert Freed). To be sure, he quickly finds a way to redeem even the agency for his beautiful co-star. But it was the style of the times, and a sweet ending does nothing to undermine this New York story of violence, corruption, and urban distortions.
