We are far from LAURA. Once again, Otto Preminger, Dana Andrew's stars as police specialist, called Mark, and Gene Tierney are the beautiful woman pursuing him, but nothing else about where SIDEWALK ENDS resembles everyone's favorite sophisticated killing mystery. Instead of a delicious quotable dialogue we get gritty, appalling realism. While the former movie took place in the New York society's ritzy upper echoes, we are here in the low-rent dark streets, hoodlums, cheap restaurants and crummy apartments. Tierney, gorgeous as ever, now acts as a department store mannequin and lives in Washington Heights (the neighborhood of the "doll" that once got a fox coat out of LAURA's Mark McPherson). This time, Andrew's Mark Dixon, an older, more sad, more distressed version of the victorious policeman in a ditch. <br /> <br /> WHERE SIDEWALK ENDS belongs to a subgenre of noir, a film about the brutality of police, focusing on the police who cannot control their fierce impulses. Like Kirk Dougle's character in the DETECTIVE STORY, Dixon owes his contempt for the villains to his father's criminal past. Where Douglas is self-righteous and blind to his own mistakes, Andrews is charged with repressed guilt and self-suffering. He accidentally kills a suspicion and covers his actions with an attempt to cast suspicions on a slimy gangster (Gary Merrill), whom he has unsuccessfully followed for years. Instead, a friendly taxi driver is suspected of being the father of the estranged and abused wife Morgan (Gene Tierney). Dixon, who fell in love with the wife of the man he killed, desperately tries to save his father without leaving. <br /> <br /> Among other protagonists, Dana Andrews had this distinction: he was unable to seem unintelligible. Even when he plays an average Joe, which he usually did, he always comes across unusually sensitive and perceptive; More than that, his air of being too thought-provoking for his own comfort gives him the haunted - and haunting - quality that was his essence as an actor. He played ordinary guys, police and soldiers, but always with a tragic undercurrent to see and know too much. His conscientious heroes are characterized by exhaustion, guilt, inability to "light up". No other actor could have expressed so well the inflated anger, the slowly burning pain, Mark Dixon's agonized intelligence. He also has a subdued tenderness, a subdued warmth and even ugly humor that makes him heartbreaking. This comes out when he takes Morgan to a restaurant where he is regular, and for the first time we see this cold, brutal man acting with insults with a waitress whose sarcasm cannot hide her love and concern for him. When Dixon asks his partner for money to get a lawyer for Morgan's father, he delivers it even though they recently argued, and Dixon slammed him. There is no word about loyalty or knowing that he is a good guy deep down, but we see everything in the man's attacked silence and his wife's departure as she survives some jewelry for the farmer. Dixon's goodness comes across through other people's reactions to him as much as through Andrew's deep moving performance. <br /> <br /> Although Dana Andrews was a smaller star, he may be the quintessential forty man. He goes through some movies almost never to take off his overcoat; with the boxy, silhouette in the middle of the century, further fortified by the fedora, the bourbon's glass, the cigarette does not get out of his mouth when he speaks, he looks imprisoned in the masculine ideal of toughness and imprecision. While many noirs romanticize the bipedal hard guy, where SIDEWALK ENDS offers an eerie portrait of the reality behind the facade, a gripping and melancholy exploration of the roots and the consequences of violence. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, Andrews was underestimated in his own time (he was the only one of the three main characters in the best years of our lives who was not nominated for an Oscar, although his low key performance is far more convincing than Frederic March's hammy, Oscar-winning drunk). Fortunately, Andrews appeared in some movies that secured his immortality, and now this little-known movie featuring his best performance can be seen as part of the amazing Fox Film Noir set. This series, including a number of previously released titles (such as NIGHTMARE ALLEY and THIEVES 'HIGHWAY), suggests that Twentieth Century Fox may have had the best record of all the major studies when it comes to film noir.
