George Cukor leads this high-quality story of excitement in the theatrical world with his usual sensitive but firm touch. Ronald Colman's performance, which earned him an Oscar, still stands despite a few overwhelmed moments ?? It's hard to forget his haunted face as he strives aimlessly around social functions and trying to find meaning in his life. There are a number of interesting subtitles and Cukor does an excellent job of making them clear without forcing too much. The writings of Garson Rabbit and Ruth Gordon are brilliant, blending the rarified theater world with ugly worlds on the streets, and thoroughly utilizing elements of Shakespeare's "King Lear" as a reference to both the movie's main theme of jealousy and Colman's character's obsession with identity. <br /> <br /> More interesting things about this movie ?? superficially it could be dismissed as for flippant treatment of the players' everyday problems. In other words, if the art of acting required such a complete sublimation of individuality, we would soon have a rash of the psycho-method actors stalking the streets. But I do not really think that the primary concern of this story is to act or self-work / art. I think Anthony's matches represent a broader existential question, a deeply buried insecurity of identity. There is a key I feel in his relationship with his former wife Britta (Signe Hasso). He says he would never have or could have become a good actor without her inspiration. And on another point, he explicitly says that his extreme identification with his roles began when he married her. I'm not sure what to do about this, but it seems important to me, especially because it is his obsession with her and jealousy over her that eventually pushes him over the top. Perhaps the implication is that Anthony put him at risk in the first place by entering into a serious relationship. Marriage involves an "association of the soul" in the traditional view. It is unusual for male and female protagonists to divorce at the beginning of the film. It is not entirely unprecedented (Hawks' comedy "His Girl Friday" jumps among other things), but it is unusual and probably significant, especially in light of the fact that they do not end up solving their romantic separation. In a way, the film may mean that jealousy is another form of self-love.
