Ronald Colman plays a famous Broadway actor who has started losing his mind and sense of identity. After many years of playing a wide variety of parts, he cannot remember who he is - who are his roles and who is the self. And much more seriously, he begins to see and hear his game even in everyday life. So when he currently plays in "Othello", he begins to act jealously and suspiciously - just like the title character. In the end, it leads him to the depth of insanity and murder. <br /> <br /> I watched this movie many years ago and liked it. I just saw it again and loved it. Now maybe part of my enthusiasm, because I've always wanted Ronald Colman, and it's a great victory for him - and he earned the best actress Oscar. And look at the competition that year (Gregory Peck for GENTLEMAN'S AGREEMENT, John Garfield for BODY AND SOUL, William Powell for Life with Father and Michael Redgrave for MOURNING BECOMES ELECTRA), I think Colman was a very good choice when he stretched from his usual comfort zone and made a much more demanding role. Now I noticed that a reviewer hated this movie because they hated Shakespeare - and it took up about half of their review that spoke of their reluctance to him. However, this movie is not about Shakespeare, and it doesn't matter if you don't like Shakespeare. I'm not a big fan of Shakespeare, but wondered about the small portions of that game Colman re-enacted - but as I said, it's NOT a real movie about Shakespeare. Instead, it is a wonderful portrait of an actor who loses his mindset and blends his scene with reality. It could have been a game, though "Othello" was an excellent choice because of the murder scene - which is being acted upon later in the film. All in all, a very smart movie because of a nice script - with some overtones by Film Noir. Fortunately, the play was also great when Colman had excellent support from Signe Hasso, Shelly Winters and Edmond O'Brien (who was particularly good - he played his part right). And given that the great George Cukor was director, it's no wonder it's a wonderful movie from start to finish.
