A DOUBLE LIFE has developed a mystique among movie fans for two reasons: An actual idea that an actor is then wrapped in a role (here Othello) to pick up the big mistake of that character and put it in his life; and that this is the movie that won the Ronald Colman Academy Award (as well as the Golden Globe) as the best actor. Let's take the second point first. <br /> <br /> Is Anthony John Colman's greatest role, or even his signature role? I have my doubts on both levels - but it's among his best known roles. Ronald Colman played most of his career in decent gentlemen, often in dangerous or atypical situations. He's Bulldog Drummond (cleared up in Goldwyn production, not being an arrogant racist) combat crime. He is Raffles, the great cricket player and even bigger burglary, trying to pull his best burglary to save a friend's honor. He is Robert Conway, the great imperial political figure who has been kidnapped and brought to that paradise on earth, Shangri-La. He is Dick Heldar, male to go to his death after learning that his masterpiece has been destroyed and knows that he is now blind and useless as an artist. I can add Sidney Carton and Rudolf Rassendyll to this list. But here he is not heroic. In fact, he is unknowingly vicious - he kills a person and kills nearly two others. It does not matter, of course, that he is mentally ill - his behavior here is antisocial. For me, Colman should have received Oscar for Hero, or Carton or Conway - all the more typical of his acting roles. But the Academy has a long tradition of choosing atypical roles to assign that tax to its senior members. Colman's Anthony John is a very good performance and at some point really scary. When she is alone with Signe Hasso in her home, she at the top of a staircase and him at the bottom, they have an argument. She demands that "Tony" leave and say she won't see him. He stares at her, his face strangely hardening in a way he never used before, and he says, "Oh, no, you don't!" He starts moving upstairs, scary Hasso, and she runs into her room. He stops and leaves. In fact, it's the real highlight of his performance - even more so than his assault on Hasso on stage, or by Edmond O'Brien or his killing of Shelley Winters. It showed his blind rage. At that moment, it was (for me) an Oscar-worthy achievement. But that's just the moment. I am glad that he was recognized for the role, but he should have received the award for a more consistent performance. His actual performance in the Shakespeare role of Othello is not great but tolerable. Too often, he lets the dialogue roll off the tongue in a kind of forced song style (one wonders if it was due to coaching by Walter Hampden, who probably knew how to handle the role correctly or a reaction to it). Today, "Othello" is played by an African American actress more often than a white. Paul Robinson's outstanding performance in the role set the new tradition firmly in place. But the three most famous film performances of that part are Colman, Orson Welles in his film by OTHELLO and Laurence Olivier in his film of his production of OTHELLO. All three white actors had the role of black face. My personal favorite of the three is Welles, which seems the most subtle. But even in seeing Welles' fine-film version, I regret that Robeson never had to put his performance (with Jose Ferrer as Iago) on film. <br /> <br /> Now is the first question - can an actor get it wrapped in a role? I heard different things about this. Some actors have admitted to taking a role home with them from the theater or movie set. Others have found a role to stimulate, influence them on a new cause of action regarding their lives or any aspect of life. But in fact, I have never heard of anyone being killed as a result of a role. It seems like a melodramatic, hackneyed idea. In fact, it was not a new idea in 1947 with Cukor, Rabbit and Gordon. In 1944, BRIGHTON STRANGLER, starring John Loder, used a similar plot of an actor playing an infamous "Jack the Ripper" type, and who begins to commit this kind of killing after an accident has hit his mind. There was a previous film in the 1930s, where an actor playing Othello becomes jealous of his wife (I think the title was People are not GOD, but I'm not sure). But because of Colman's name and career and Cukor's instruction, it's a double life that people think of when they remember this plot idea. It even came comedy (finally) on an episode of CHEERS where Diane Chambers helps an ex-judge who might have acting talent and they put on OTHELLO in the bar just after he sees her with Sam Malone kissing. Only Diane is aware of the former judge's personality problem and cannot delay production long enough (she tries to start a discussion in the body's history and symbolism). <br /> <br /> The game of A DOUBLE LIFE was first rate, and Cukor's direction was as safe as ever. So the movie is definitely worth seeing. But despite the fact that Colman had an interestingly different role, it was not his best work on the screen.
