Legend of Dragoon is one of the lesser known games that people either love or hate. Some people claim it is too similar to other games, namely the Final Fantasy series - which is understandable as it was originally supposed to be Sony's equivalent Final Fantasy. Honestly I can't comment on the similarities beyond that, as I'm not very familiar with the FF games. <br /> <br /> I think my favorite aspect of the game is the combat system. Not only do you have the ability to switch to a more powerful dragon shape, but every time you attack, be sure to complete the attack by pressing the buttons at the correct time. Not only that, sometimes enemies will attack you back in the middle of a sequence, which means you have to press different buttons to avoid damage. Even the use of certain attacks requires a bit of mashing. If you don't want to attack, you can always guard which not only cuts the damage in half, but raises your hit points without the use of healing potions. The FMVs are quite good-done, about the same quality as Final Fantasy 8's. However, the graphics under the game are not entirely up to that standard. They are nice, but they could have been - and honestly should have been - better. The translation also leaves something to be desired. Not only does it raise interesting questions about character relationships, but there are also some grammatical errors that simply should not have been allowed to pass. Another thing I found interesting was that you lose key figures - one door, and the other becomes essentially useless for the party and magazines. While the death of one character is often said to have no meaning, you realize that the characters, while heroes, are still as mortal as the next person. The people who replace the lost characters simply get all their statistics, so the transition game is play-wise is quite smooth. Maybe my only complaint about the characters is the protagonist's love, Shana. She is the epitome of the helpless woman who needs to rescue, pathetic to the point of driving a player to scream with frustration. While you can use her in your party, she's insanely weak - I don't even know what her dragon power is like when I didn't like her so much I never used her. The Rose sign, on the other hand, is probably my favorite female character in any game ever. She is not wimp and some of her dragon magic is extremely useful. Meru is also quite strong, while sometimes it is an annoying talk. <br /> <br /> The character designers were most likely to get the women's characters beautiful or whatever, and didn't give much thought to the actual use of the clothes. Seriously, no armor and having the majority of your skin exposed is not helpful when fighting with monsters. But I want to give them props as they have women who serve as knights in the different countries. <br /> <br /> I can't comment much on the plot as I honestly didn't pay much attention to where I had to go next. I'm not sure if this says anything about the plot itself or my playing style. All in all, it's a very enjoyable game. It has its faults, but for me it just hit the right balance between having to think and just pressing buttons and killing monsters.
