This two-part TV mini series is not as good as the original from 1966, but it is solid. The original benefited from a large number of things --- it was all in black and white, it had a great jazz score and it was filmed in the right places, including the home of the convicted Clutter family. It was important because in the book and in the original film, the home is largely a sign in itself. This remake was recorded in Canada, which I think works okay for Kansas. The story tries to be as sympathetic to Perry as it dares and Eric Roberts plays him as a somewhat celebrating person, his homosexuality is barely hidden. The milder take of Roberts does not work at the very end, although it is hard to believe that his version of Perry Smith would only finally explode in a murder scene. While Robert Blakes goes to Smith, you undoubtedly left his Perry Smith a very dangerous character. <br /> <br /> Anthony Edwards was excellent as the bombastic, big mouth and ultimately, Dick Hickcock, the brain swept into outfit. His performance compares very well to Scott Wilson's role in the original film. As this is a longer movie, it gives more time to develop the Clutter family, and in this respect, I think the 1996 movie has an advantage. The Clutters is just an excellent, decent family. They have never hurt another soul, and it is just inexplicable that such a decent family is eventually massacred in such a terrible way. It is still up to me that after Clutters was locked in the bathroom, Herb Clutter did not force her into the window, so at least his children would have the opportunity to escape. This film has the thought of him, but too late. From what I read about the real home that still stands, the bathroom is set up to open the counters and effectively barricade the door that would have forced the killers to burst into. But it might 'I've bought time for some of the Clutters to escape. Why Clutters didn't try this, I have no idea. <br /> <br /> Fans of the book will recognize that this movie takes many liberties with how the crime is committed but not too serious. Still, it is distracting to viewers like me who have read tons of matter. The actors playing the police, led by Sam Neill and Leo Rossi, are uniformly excellent, much better, I think, as a group than the actors in the original film. They know that in order to secure the nose around the neck of both, they must make them confess. And the officers come to the interview impeccably prepared. They had already discovered the likely alibi, the fake story of going to Fort Scott, and had shot every shot of it. The officers then let Smith & Hickcock just go into their trap. Hickcock is a b.s. artist who figure out he can convince anyone about anything and the officers respectfully let him tell his cover story. But when they lower the boom to him, he crushes very quickly. It is very well filmed and acted and very gratifying to see, because the viewer obviously should pay tribute to Hickcock at this time, a celebrating king who needs the easily manipulated Smith to make his killing for him. Presumably, Hickcock later said that the real cause of the crime was not to steal money from Clutters, but to rape Nancy Clutter. At least she was saved for degradation. <br /> <br /> The actors playing Clutters are very good, Kevin Tighe as Herb Clutter in particular. The story deals with Mrs Clutter's emotional problems, probably clinical depression, and Mrs Clutter demonstrates a remarkable inner strength when she strongly and strongly demands that the killers leave their daughter alone. From what I read, Clutter's surviving family was particularly bothered by how Bonnie Clutter was portrayed in the book and claiming it was completely untrue. But as a side picture, both murderers related to the police how Mr. Clutter asked them not to disturb his wife because of her long illness. Capote can do away with that fiction to make Bonnie's character more interesting, but certainly the murderers had no reason to mistakenly depict Mrs Clutter and no doubt much of the conversation in the book (duplicated in the films) is from the lost confessions of the killers. So it would have been unnoticed for Herb to have said it and not make it true.
