Like others, I have seen and studied most books and films about Clutter Killings, including a few dramatic works thematically based on the participants' actions and psycho-mythology of crime - including Capote himself. With regard to Capote, I cannot forgive him for deliberately withholding Perry Smith's confessions, intimacies, and writings from even the defense councils. I believe in truths and facts, Capote "reserved" for his "book", which required Capote two guilty sentences and the death penalty, would almost certainly have maintained a successful mental defense for Perry Smith, even under the old McNaughton Rule. Capote himself could never write another great literary work after "In Cold Blood." Shame and guilt. In my opinion, he encouraged and planned the brutal death penalty to give the spectacular end he demanded for his book / drama. For him, both men had to die for his book to succeed. The book had to justify itself by pretending it was the death penalty of the death penalty. His actions and silence assured the icy conclusion. Capote's book is not truth. It's not actual or journalistic. It is drama and melodrama seasoned with its own creative psychotic imagination. What most people consider the virtues of the contemporary first film are sharp images of Capote's mind, which may have been the most cold-blooded aspect of all. No wonder the viewers ironically, but prefer preferring Blake's performance. The actor is the nightmare of Capote's dishonest performances. So who should say how to play the two killers? Who is judging what could make an essentially poetic psychotic snap from excessive courtesy and kindness to "killing it now"? I agree with the few who see in Eric Roberts' work a grand achievement, Shakespearean in his assortment, but the game with heartbreaking sincerity. Anthony Edwards takes a much safer "attitude mode" to create a smarmy Hickok; but he is one-dimensional and boring, with only a few notes in his television series. Roberts is almost four-dimensional and adds physical weakness and pain to a strong animal body, a Frankenstein Creature that thinks of poetry and knows exactly what to do. As Leopold apropos Loeb, Roberts Perry Smith is hopelessly in love with an evil man. Without Hickok or a man of his attributes, Perry Smith would not have brought his psychotic mind into a world of horror. He fears more than he fears anything else in life. <br /> <br /> Given the freedom of Capote's death grip on the Clutter kitten awareness, Roberts and Edwards are free to create original personalities and psychoses to make another and new production of the drama. The same facts, some of the same lines from the case record, but deeper, more complex, with obvious titanic psychotic influences - in fact, Roberts is so good at this fluid madness that he physically and instantly shows how little attention he has of where or who he is. What many of our reviewers do not like about this movie, especially Roberts, is that cold blood killings do not appear as they expect and have been manipulated to require. It is because here we see a much more realistic "interpretation of life and death" than Capote could ever create - a real tragedy. The actual cold-blooded killer, Mr. Capote, and his hypocritical "non-fiction novel", do not control these interpretations and beliefs. <br /> <br /> If "In Cold Blood" and Capote's impact on life means literature and truth what much scientists say, then it takes courage and talent to portray the truth or a version of the truth, it's not the rank, lie bulbs, prepared from Capote's own abyss favor.
