I am from Sweden, and I just watched this movie, and the thing is that I thought it was okay. I have seen many bad comments about it, but you have to remember that many people who look at these two ministries are located all over the world and not just in the United States. Also remember that not everyone has ever heard of the movie made in the 60s and perhaps not in the events (murder). And even more ... it can be hard to find the original movie, and then there are always people around who don't like black and white movies. One feels fresh and in color and will find his public. Its 12 years old now, but I've just seen it for the first time. I will try to find the first one if I can compare them, but I have not seen it anywhere in Sweden. Ofcorse there is internet but not for anyone in the world. The thing here is that this is mainly part of a US criminal history and was great for the 50-60 years in the United States, but in the rest of the world it just goes by guessing. Now it was told about for some time, but 40 years later it will disappear in, for example, Europe, because the time passes. We had our own problems and crimes, so if anyone wants to remake the movie and put it back in some light, it's not a bad idea at all. A new generation can take part in this horrible story and even the film about Capote, released a few years ago, witch was also a really good movie, I think. It will increase interest in the events that took place about 50 years ago, and perhaps stop it from falling asleep. It started me and now I'm looking for the Robert Blake version, so it wasn't that bad ... hi? These are my opinions. Some people will of course disagree but hey ... that's okay. Sometimes there will be okay remakes on old movies. It's not every time the old ones are so good. The movie production techniques have evolved a lot and scenes can be made more realistic if they want today. It is always a matter of money of course. There have been so many films made in the "good old days", but there were also money missing, bad directors, etc. And they are restoring them today (50 years later) and suddenly they are okay to see. My friend got this box of old classic horror movies and s / f, and I can't say I was impressed with the so-called good old days. Most of them you cold put in the trash can directly. They were so bad we just sat there like zombies ... couldn't move ... like brain dead. I can't recommend them to anyone. Some of those I've seen remakes and I remember to like them ... but not the originals. They were just painful awful. This is like the old story of who was the best Bond ... Moore or Connery ... I think if you see Roger Moore first, you might find him the one who trusts or looks ... Thanks for me and I'm sorry my English, it's not that good. / Lars from Sweden
