I found this family movie to be comfortable and enjoyable, even though I'm not a child. It is based on the concept of a high school girl, Susan (Elisha Cuthbert) discovers that the elevator in her upper class apartment complex becomes a time machine when a key on a key chain chain she's got from a blind explorer is knocked in the elevator lock. She learns to control the machine (with some uncertainty about the time of day). <br /> <br /> The movie is not a work of serious science fiction. You must ignore the usual instability paradox associated with changing the past through time travel, ie. the past is changing to prevent the 1881 Walker family from becoming poor, but the change means that the family never got into financial trouble, so Victoria would not have told Susan about the financial problems her mother had, meaning that Susan should not have had a reason to change the past in the first place! But apart from that, there are some great things in the story, like the old elevator panel found in the women's apartment, which secretly invented and installed the time machine, without having space for the lock that activates the time machine function. As in many stories for children, we also have to assume that a child will not share untrustworthy information about a time travel device with a parent or other adult, but rather hide the traveler's time. <br /> <br /> It also requires neglecting some staged scenes and uninspired performances from some of the adult actors. (The children's actors (Elisha Cuthbert, Gabrielle Boni and Matthew Harbor) were all very convincing in their parts.) On a scene in the 1300s, Native Americans discover Susan observing and photographing them. But they do not detect the surprise in the sudden appearance of this blonde, white shining girl in a peculiar dress. Your answer is to just stop what they are doing and to calmly go to Susan. In the same scene, an Indian mother wears what should be a baby, but it is obviously a doll (the white shining and the head whistles around). Timothy Busfield, the award-winning actor who was originally acclaimed in the old "thirty something" of the TV, gives a somewhat uninteresting, sometimes unclear In the other extreme, Michel Perron hangs up as the Italian building inspector (janitor), just as Richard Jutras in its role as a curious neighbor. (The neighbor's name is Edward Ormondroyd, the name of the author of the novel on which the film is based.) I suppose these problems may be a mistake either by the director or possibly by a low budget. <br /> <br /> Despite these mistakes, I recommend the movie to children. In addition to the interesting history, it also has some educational value, pointing to how much both technology and social norms have changed slightly more than 100 years.
