Richard Chamberlain is David Burton, a tax lawyer who lives in Sydney, Australia, who is drawn to an assassination attempt defending five aboriginal men accused of murdering an innate native of Peter Weir's 1977 apocalyptic thriller The Last Wave. When you pick up where Picnic on Hanging Rock relax, the film goes deeper into exploring the unknown and, in the process, shows the gulf between two cultures that live side by side but lack understanding of each other's culture and traditions. Weir shows how the white community considers the original belief in being primitive superstitions and believes that their tribal laws and culture no longer apply when they live in cities and have been tamed. <br /> <br /> From the start, Burton is drawn deeper and deeper into a strange network of visions and symbols, where the line between real time and "dream time" is evaporated. Water plays an important symbolic role in the film from the opening sequence, where a sudden thunder and hail storm interrupts a peaceful deepening of Burton's discovery that his bathtub is crowded and water leaps down his steps. As violent and unusual weather continues with episodes of black rain and mud falling from the sky, the contrast between the light-filled scientific explanations of the phenomenon and the intuitive understandings of the natives is evident. Burton and his wife Annie (Olivia Hamnet) study books on the Aborigines and learn about the role of dreams in the traditional traditions. Inviting one of his clients Chris Lee (David Gulpilil) to his home for dinner, he is disturbed to find out that he is the subject of a query by Chris and his friend Charlie (Nadjiwarra Amagula), an enigmatic aboriginal wizard involved in the defendant. As Burton's investigation continues, his clients make their work difficult by refusing to disclose the true events of the murder. After Chris begins to appear in his dreams, Burton is convinced that the aboriginal was killed in a tribal ritual because "he saw too much" even though Chris refuses to acknowledge this in court. Burton is becoming more and more alarmed by a mystery he cannot rave, telling his clergyman: "Why didn't you say there were mysteries?" This is a legitimate question, but according to reverence the church responds to all mysteries. Burton now knows that he must discover the truth for himself and step into the underground caves of the stands. Although we do not really know what is right and what is a dream, he comes face to face with his deepest fears in a ghostly climax that makes you think about its importance in the small hours of the morning. <br /> <br /> During this period of history, where native Hopi and Mayan prophecies predict "the end of history" and the purification of man leading to the fifth world, The Last Wave, though it is 25 years old, still timely. The Aborigines are portrayed as a living culture, not a wholly subdued man, but I am plagued by the gnawing feeling that we look in, but not quite. Weir has opened his eyes to the mystery beyond our consensus view of reality, but he continues the orientation of judgment, which sees only the possibility of fear, shows nature as a dark and uncontrollable force without a hint of the spiritual beauty that lives on. both sides of the time.
