John Cassavete's 1977 film Opening Night is what critics usually call the work of such a great artist, 'overlooked'. It's an excellent movie, in itself, and one of the best portraits of a midlife crisis ever set for film. It's not a perfect movie, as in two and twenty-four minutes it's about half an hour too long, and there's a little too much emphasis on the full character of the protagonist Myrtle Gordon, played by Gena Rowland's, Cassavete's wife long after we got that point. But only Woody Allen's masterpiece, Another Woman, who also starred Rowlands, eleven years later, is a better portrait of an aging women's internal conflicts. Still, Rowlands wins The Best Actress Award at the Berlin Film Festival for this depiction, and it was well deserved. Often, this film, written by Cassavetes, is easily compared to his former and subordinate films, A Woman Under Influence, but it is a false comparison. Rowland's character in that movie is seriously disturbed from the start, as well as from a blue collar background, while her characters in this movie and in Allen's films are both artists haunted by apparitions. In this movie, it is a ghost of a dead young woman who can be seen as Myrtle's younger doppelgangs, while in Allen's movie it's her character's own past ??. Many critics have taken this film as a portrait of an alcoholic when Myrtle surrounds herself with enablers, as a stage manager who tells her in the opening night: "I've seen many drunks in my time, but I" I've never seen anyone so drunk Like you who could stand up. You're great! 'But it's wrong, because alcohol is not her problem - nor is it the chain of smoking, they are just diversions from what really forces her to her own destruction and much to Cassavete's credit As he tells us, he never lets us know what is wrong with Myrtle, and despite coming through in the end, there is no reason to expect that she really has solved any of the consequences. endless, Cassavetes connects directly to the more daring European directors of recent times, comfortable in not revealing everything to an audience and forcing their viewers to cogitate, though it hurts. <br /> <br /> However, give the film perfectly captures the effect of a full or fever that lifts out of the fog, and as such, the viewer is again subliminally involved in his drama. Whether Myrtle Gordon regains, according to the film's universe, she irises about her, because each viewer must decide, and as we have seen before the lid closes, one's choices are crucial.
