Look at John Cassavete's film, the opening night, I was reminded of something that Quentin Tarantino once said in an interview about personal experience of creating art or acting. He mentioned an example of whether he ran over a dog while he was about to act in a game, that it would not be the end of his life, but that it would affect him and that was without a doubt he would have to bring that experience to him on stage, even if it was a light comedy. "Otherwise," as he said, "what am I doing?" I couldn't help but think of his words when he looked at Gena Rowland's character, Myrtle Gordon, who for nearly a whole week or so goes through a very similar scenario. There is more to this in Cassavete's film, as it is about how the theater works around a star actress, what feeling and human nature means when you look at playing a character and how to live when you all have (like Myrtle Gordon ) is the theater. <br /> <br /> Near the beginning of the movie, after warding off a performance, Myrtle signs autographs and such a fan named Nancy comes up to his favorite star and pours her heart out to Myrtle. It's a nice little moment, but it doesn't take her to get in the car (pouring rain and all). She then looks in horror as the girl standing right next to the car as it drove away is hit by another car in a car accident. She is not sure what happened, but finds out the next day that the girl actually died of the frame. From then on, she is so stunned by this even after she thinks it's out of her system. First, this shows in small ways, such as when she trains a scene with her co-player (played by Cassavetes) and cannot seem to be hit - she blames it on the lack of depth in the character (the author: "What do you think the play is missing?" "Hope," says Myrtle) - but then Nancy begins to appear to her, a clue that to Myrtle is all for real until she is suddenly gone. Cassavetes, as in the previous films, is after a search for what it means to have feelings, to really feel about something and to feel it, or its lack, and how it affects others around the person. This is not exactly new to Rowlands, who previously played a woman on the edge of herself in Woman Under Influence (in that case, due to alcohol), nor would it be foreign territory to costar Ben Gazzara who just came out with the lead role in killing a Chinese bookie But the actors express everything essential for their characters in all scenes; Cassavetes doesn't tell them how to get from A to B in a scene, and he doesn't have to. There is a mood in a Cassavete's movie that sometimes trumps grungy camera work. You know, for example, that Myrtle must be happy in some way, even if it's not with the plot. But she is haunted and dissatisfied with her character's lack of depth and tone of tone ("Aging, who goes there to see it?" She asks the actor), and it also begins to affect them around her. <br /> <br /> The question soon becomes, but not what is usual. A conventional playwright would make the conflict: "Can she go on stage, will the show continue?" This is not important for Cassavetes, even though it is there, as is the question "Will she be okay?" Perhaps going through such a scary game as "The Second Woman" could help her educate her personal demons and lose her grip on reality (see Sara and attack her in front of total strangers wondering what the hell is going on)? Or will the game's lack of hope be anything else wrong with her? The depths Rowlands do with her character are intense and harrowing, and that it is expected, does not mean that it is anything less than woman under the influence - if anything, it is as good as the movie to be honest about a person in this profession And therefore, the other performances are just as true, from Gazarra to Nancy, played by a subtle Laura Johnson. Cassava's answer to his own questions is not easy. <br /> <br /> One of the right tensions when opening night with watching good actors performing a fantastic script is to watch Cassavete's take on the theater as he does. We see the game done - and it seems like a real game - and we know little about what it is about. When we see the actors on stage performing it, we grow and deviate between being involved in what the melodrama is going on (proportional and affair and occasionally lax and domestic violence) and the improvisation of the actors. I wondered how much was really improvised, how much Cassavetes allowed the other actors to do in the scenes where Myrtle begins to go loyal or climaxed completely destroyed. He is also on stage, so it must have been something for them to prepare it in advance and let what would happen. <br /> <br /> It's fun, sensational, chilling and the edge of your space thing, some of the best theater-on-movie scenes ever set in a movie, and we see lines between actor on stage, actor on film, actor with actor, blur together wonderfully. Opening Night is a powerful drama full of honest talk about death and madness, reality and fiction, where love is between people and really finally what does 'acting' mean?
