John Cassavete's "Opening Night" is amazing and fascinating; amazing because it plays with the deepest fear we have within our imagination, fascinating because it never ceases to surprise us. With a very long duration of two hours and twenty minutes, anyone who appreciates characters cannot see their eyes off the screen. The story of an unstable actress Myrtle Gordon (Gena Rowlands) is trying to get together for a body and fight against his demons; "Opening Night" is not just about a woman on the brink of a collapse, but also about the complexity of the theater actors and theater world. All of the Cassavete's characters here are experienced people who know about the theater world; So half of the film takes place at a stage where the performing artists do their jobs or in backstage, where producers and writers and directors do their jobs. Cassavetes is so stubborn with his signs that this is uninvited against the audience, but the audience at the cinema. Because there is another audience, in the movie theater, it does not know what really happens and laughs because they think everything is performance. And that is essentially what it is; It's just that the audience in the theater doesn't see "backstage" as we do. They do not experience Gena Rowland's outbreak before she goes out at that time, but most importantly; they do not know the reasons why she works as she does. <br /> <br /> I always thought it would be hard to be friends with an actor. Myrtle (Rowland) says she's an actress, and that's the only thing she knows how to do; and I imagine that if I had a friend who was a professional performer, it would be very difficult to tell when he was telling the truth because I wanted to know that he is an actor and he can fall on something when preferably. Many of the things that Myrtle does during the awful experiences that the film makes her through? We suppose she is genuine; The rest of the characters also suspect. <br /> <br /> There is the author, Sarah (Joan Blondell) who cannot understand why Myrtle doesn't understand the character she's written for her. There is the director Manny (Ben Gazzara) who cannot accept the fact that his best actress can lose it; producer David (Paul Stewart), who does not know where to stand, and Myrtle's co-star Maurice (Cassavete's self), who cannot handle the love they have for each other. <br /> <br /> When she testifies to a teenager's death, a fan of all this comes together and affects Myrtle, but no one knows if her delusions are too real. They say nothing because they will not disturb her, but the film enters a state of subconsciousness that only Myrtle accepts. At times we can tell that everyone has had it. In these moments, Cassava's brilliant script shows a frightening brutal honesty in the words the characters say in a discussion backstage; and not just what everyone tells Myrtle, but also what she says to them. <br /> <br /> Here are people who are not afraid to speak their mind and constantly change what they think, like Cassavete's way of making cinema. And in this aspect the performance is more important here than in "Shadows" because the characters are involved in a larger picture; a bigger story that comes out of the trivial. <br /> <br /> But in another aspect, the real way to make cinema, this movie is no different than "Shadows". There is a beautiful thing in the way that Al Ruban's camera shoots the characters. When someone speaks, the camera does not focus on him, it shoots the person listening so we can see how he or she responds to the things the other says. Sometimes they don't care, sometimes they are happy, sometimes destroyed. <br /> <br /> Improvisation can still be there, among all these wonderful ideas. Near the end, there is an unexpected scene where Cassavetes and Rowlands begin to speak, non-stop. Whether this was improvised or not, it is not something we should wonder. We just have to see; and seeing them both exchange life experiences and see words really come alive in a conversation that means much more than what it shows. It will not be more natural than that.
