It was once suggested by Pauline Kael, never a fan that Cassavetes did not believe as an instructor, but as an actor. What Kael thought was his supposed lack of sophistication as the filmmaker; To take this comparison further, for me, it never feels like Cassavete's leading himself in a movie, it feels like Cassavete's implanting within his own creation, like Orson Welles. Cassavetes is as much of a genius as Welles, but much more important as a true artist (as opposed to a technician or rhetoric). This is like a cross between Italian passion (although Cassavetes was actually Greek) and Scandinavian introspection. Never before have inner demons been so exposed physically. <br /> <br /> It's about the mystery of staying, performing, and acting. As a haunted Skip James record, it has ghosts echoes around. Rowland's crash, which is stupefying and almost operative, surprisingly comes from Cassavetes, accompanied by a jumping, disturbing piano. Who is this dead girl? The metaphysical possibilities are endless, and it is amazing to find this kind of thing in a Cassavete movie, just the obvious display of intelligence (there is also a short bit of voice transmission in the beginning). But then he was always intelligent, he just flipped it for easy praise. This is not "Adaptation"; Here, the mixture of reality and fiction and drama is not to show wisdom, but to show the inner turmoil and confusion it creates. <br /> <br /> There is so much going on. The pure, happy love when Rowlands greets his doorman; horror when she gets up ... The scene where the girl talks about how she has dedicated her life to art and music is one of the most effective demonstrations to understand what it means to be a fan of anyone . You can see some roots of this in "A star is born", and Almodovar borrowed from it to "Everything about my mother". I think the end is a little disappointed because of the ridiculous passports, but the preparation leading to it is almost sick. (You can shoot me, but I think alcoholism, despite the urgency of many of the scenes, is a relatively small point about the movie.) It is a living and breathing thing, and it feels like a process: it could go any way at any time. As "Cherrykage" we are reminded that "you must never forget that this is only a game." Still, it's dangerous: when Rowlands says that line, is that great drama? How will the audience take it? Is she reflexive or is she just indifferent? Her (character's) breakdown is incorporated into the show and ultimately the film in such a way that it is like seeing a female James Dean. 10.10
