Yesterday I went to the monthly antique market that comes to town. I really have no interest in such things, but I went to friends' community that has such an interest. Looking over hundreds of vendors and passing many of them quickly, I saw someone selling VHS tapes and DVDs. Most of the movies he had on DVD were quite recent; The oldest I noticed was 1940 Cary Grant-Irene Thin Co-starring MY FAVORITE WIFE. But the VHS tapes were, by their very nature, mainly older films. I couldn't resist buying anything since they were sold to 3 tapes for $ 10.00. What a good deal that Eddie Murphy used to say. I encountered a movie that I had heard about for years but never saw: John Cassavette's OPENING NIGHT (1977). Well, I would surely be a fan of Gena Rowlands, and I had heard that this movie featured one of her finest performances. He also had FACES (1968). I had seen this about 20 years ago, a time when I had probably not had enough life experience to appreciate it thoroughly. And I wanted to take advantage of the purchase so I grabbed it too. My second choice was CLAIRE'S KNEE (1970). <br /> <br /> When I got home I decided to devote the work I had planned to do so I could see the opening night. I was totally excited about this movie. It focuses on Myrtle Gordon (Gena Rowlands), a renowned actress on stage and screen, who has personal and professional issues during previous townships, manifested in both her character and the body's theme of aging aging. After an exercise, an avid fan and autograph dogs are accosted to her with screams (and tears) of "I love you! I love you!" A few minutes later, this fan is hit by a car and killed. This begins Myrtle's descent to herself, facing her own fear of aging, the future of her career as a mature actress, and the inadequacies she finds in the play itself (written by a much older woman drama played by Joan Blondell) . Throughout the film she sees the dead girl, a clear symbol of her past; drinking almost constantly; and receives in-depth support from her instructor (Ben Gazzara), the producer (Paul Stewart), her costar (John Cassavettes herself) and the dramatist. In fact, they are more concerned about how her behavior will affect them and their careers: flubbing lines on stage, improvising new lines, generally breaking up on stage, and arriving at the Broadway opening completely full. <br /> <br /> This story not only works to solve the aging problems but also to promote Cassavette's dissatisfaction with mainstream filmmaking. When I watched the movie, I was sometimes surprised, confused, amused, deviant, but ultimately involved, entertained, and contented. Cassavetter really had a great sense of humor, cared a lot for his audience to understand what he was suggesting, and wanted them to get involved emotionally in the story. He makes allusions to ALL ABOUT EVE using the keen theater fans, even though he throws the young girl in a slicker and hat resembles the one Anne Baxter wears at the start of the movie. This allusion works most clearly to support his aging theme, the contrast of the older and younger woman. Of course, he also uses contrast as a symbol of Myrtle's confronting her own lost youth. At first I felt that the symbolism was too overt, but then I realized that it was Cassavette's intention. He does not want his audience to misunderstand what he is coming to; If they did, it would interfere with their emotional engagement. This joke of youth commits Myrtle, attacks her and wants to destroy her. Myrtle "eventually" kills her, but before she can really express herself and the play, she must reach the bottom (another figurative death?). So Cassavettes have her so full that she can't go and crawl to her dressing room at night as the game opens on Broadway. She revives herself (helping you out of such situations is also important for the movie's theme) and making the game a success by giving a good performance and changing the direction of the game for the better by improvising so it contains a little hope for the aging character she plays. These scenes are fun and interesting. Cassavettes and Rowlands actually did the game in front of the live audience, who did and did not know they should be part of a movie. The play they make also seems to contrast: it is common and self-serious about the problems it addresses, that is, until Myrtle changes its disgust. In this way, she also improves the work of her fellow stars. The natural development of interaction (achieved through improvisation) between and between people, subjective realism and universal truth - it was Cassavette's concerns with making films. <br /> <br /> Gena Rowlands is amazing all the way through. Of course, she has the big face, and Cassavette's (notoriously in love with her in their marriage) treats us to many close-ups of it, so we can also feel her feelings and know what is happening within her. She cares so much about this character that you will see her work out of this soul's crisis. And that's what keeps you aware of 2 hours and 30 minutes of driving time. The film is deliberately paced at times and requires constant attention, but anyone with an interest in good filmmaking and big acting will be rewarded. Someone else said this is a movie for people who love movies. Everyone else is warned. <br /> <br /> Search for OPEN NIGHT if you've never seen it. Everyone in it is excellent and it is one of Cassavette's best movies.
