*** out of **** <br /> <br /> Yep! Dressed To Kill is that kind of movie. It's like California, but it's different. Remember? The 1993 movie, which stars Brad Pitt as a serial killer, is "welcomed" by a few travelers on a trip to California as a buddy who may be a good company along the way. When I see a movie, I can't always know anything about the plot until I see it because the surprises can get even cooler. That's how it was with California. When I saw the first year for the first time, I never understood it was a thrill movie, so when I found out, I was shocked and when the movie went over and over, it got even better and I was at the edge of my seat, almost kiss my screen, so close I was to it! So we're discussing Dressed To Kill, right? Before I watched this movie (today!), I have only seen 2 other movies from Brian De Palma, so I can say that I do not really know so well his works, but can tell far from that these 2 movies to me was as good as they could be. Carrie (1976) and Mission: Impossible (1996). When I saw Carrie on the TV, I was really so desperate to get a DVD copy and I can tell: this movie is great! Mission: Impossible too. And today I saw a third movie from DePalma. <br /> <br /> Now Dressed To Kill is a movie like California. As the film continues, it goes completely different from what you would expect. I'm so curious about the museum's scene, where Dickinson follows the mysterious man to his cab and they end up in an apartment room. You may have to guess what happened there. But when the film reached the elevator, the film went completely different. I saw the rest of the movie and I really liked it. However, there are some low points ... Some characters in the movie are absolutely quiet! Take, for example, the mysterious man from the museum scene. I always hoped he could say something, but he never did! This was absolutely ridiculous and was undoubtedly something that made me change by not accepting this movie as at least something like a masterpiece. Even in the cab, where Dickinson is trying to apologize for what happened in the museum, the completely silent man takes hold of her, pulls her inside the cab, and they start kissing each other. You know it reminded me of the Mexican TV series of the 70s "El Chavo Part 8", where some characters are completely silent. Getting past these low points in the movie is actually a good movie, considering the excitement, the characters and the plot. Dennis Franz is cool as detective Marino! Reminded me of him as Captain Carmine Lorenzo in Die Hard 2 (1990) where he plays almost the same kind of character. <br /> <br /> Well, to finish this review, the end of Dressed To Kill is the same end as in Carrie! I don't know if I really liked it because I hate imitations! I understand that Carrie is a film from DePalma, so it's not actually an imitation, after all, it was his idea! But it turned out to be a repetitive idea in Dressed To Kill, so DePalma could have done something else instead of showing Nancy Allen waking up from a bad dream in the same way as for Amy Irving in Carrie's final scene. Of course, this was another low point. But if you get past this, you will find that Dressed To Kill is a really good movie and I assure you that it is by no means a waste of time to see it.
