I just finished watching Dressed to Kill, written and directed by Brian De Palma. The DVD had both the "R" rated version and the unrated version. I chose the unrated version. Since I haven't yet shown the "R" rated version, I can't quite be sure of the difference. However, it is a very graphic graphic female nudity, including a scene with explicit expression of self-satisfaction in this version. I think you could call this scene soft core porn.if this kind of thing can offend you, i would suggest you to see the "R" rated version. But i digress.Any comment so far refers to the unreported version. / psychological horror / suspense movie.there is very little violence and blood. However, there is a death order of note. The act of killing itself is pretty graphic. Although the blood itself does not look right, it reminds how a 70's slasher film would look. I think it is deliberately outweighed the violence in the action itself, to give the scene a lo w budget feel.most of the violence, or rather the possibility of such, is implied. The film is very well paced.as far as I can tell each scene had a purpose that I find very rare in relation to many of today's films. At any rate, I also thought the play was good, especially Angie Dickinson. and Micheal Cane turns in a quietly undervalued performance in her role, which seems brilliant in this case. The movie also has a great twist in it, though some people may find it predictable. The only complaint (and it's really more of an observation) I have is that I thought the character that Nancy Allen played could have been fleshed out more, especially considering that she has a lot of screen time. but I think she does a good job with what she gets. And it doesn't really get away from the film's quality. The film also has a strong morale for it, which is even more relevant today. But the movie does not hit you over the head with it. I also liked the musical score, composed by Pino Dinaggioi, felt that it was very similar to the music in the original Psycho. For me, this music really raised the movie. I thought this movie was brilliant. For me, Dressed to Kill (1980) is 10/10
