May contain smaller spoilers. <br /> <br /> Dressed to Kill, who has just seen it for the first time the second day, is a movie with some amazing sequences, some decent performances and a nice but obvious Hitchcock ripoff, plot twist at the end. It is just too bad certain things, quite obvious, prevent it from being a classic. Dressed to kill, a mystery of a murderer who has beaten at least two women (could have been more than the film never tells us), and the search for the killer of three people: a brainy child whose mother was a victim, a lively hooker whose only one can identify the killer and a psychiatrist whose patient was the slaughtered cunning mother. There are a ton of well-executed performances, including Nancy Allen as hooker Liz, Angie Dickenson as the sexually frustrated victim of Kate Miller, and Micheal Caine as Doctor Rober Elliot, whose face is more hidden than meeting the eye; although no standard is any really excellent. On the other hand, Denis Franz, who is later a big character in the same line on the NYPD Blue hit show, is embarrassing as an exaggerated, inconsiderate, hate-minded detective, even though he takes a little screen time, so it doesn't hurt movies so much. Keith Gordon, the brain child is decent, but is almost too smart to really be credible. <br /> <br /> What sticks me most in the movie are the excited sequences. The scene with the sexually frustrated mother at the museum is gripping and well done, just as the later sequence leads to her incredible death. I also love the sequence in the doctor's office that reveals the killer's identity, which really makes the whole movie together at once. And there is a split screen scene that I thought was almost classic. Still, there is another situation when Liz is on a train that runs from what can be the killer being taken in directions it should never have had with almost embarrassing racemy types. As a thriller, it is exciting and quite often credible. As a criminal drama, it often falls, especially with the incomplete, ridiculous explanation of everything that happened in the end. There is also an inevitable, and too long, dream sequence at the end, where they had arrogance to shoot a person's foot for what seemed minutes at a time. This was an up and down experience; a scene would catch me from the heart and mind with enticement, and the next would make me swell and ask why. In more than 100 minutes this could have been under 90 and a better movie. <br /> <br /> Scary movie fans should like this. It's still a better movie than most of today's slasher flicks. Maybe it was a better movie at the time, but I just watched it recently, I can say I enjoy it, and it's worth looking at my three favorite scenes alone.
