Dressed to Kill starts with Kate Miller (Angie Dickinson), who has a sexually explicit nightmare, later visiting her psychiatrist Dr. Robert Elliott (Michael Caine) for a session where she admits to being sexually frustrated and unfulfilled in her present marriage. Kate then visits a museum and fetches a stranger, they go back to their casual sex apartment when Kate is ready to leave, but is attacked and killed in the building lift by a razor-blond blond woman. Prostitute Liz Blake (Nancy Allen) discovers the cruel scene and sees the killer but manages to escape. Detective Marino (Dennis Franz) says he suspects that Liz is the killer, as there are no other witnesses, saw Liz quit Kate's son Peter (Keith Gordon) to track the real killer, clear Liz's name and see that justice is done. . <br /> <br /> Posted and directed by Brian De Palma I thought Dressed to Kill was a good solid psychological murder mystery. The script is measured and slowly at times, but it likes to focus on the sign so you really know them. All of the first twenty minutes, only Kate develops as a sign before she is suddenly killed, then the movie changes to Liz & no one else looks in. In this way, Dressed to Kill is completely absorbent and engaging, unfortunately the sign itself is not as good. I found some of the dialogues quite funny at times, especially the dirty talk that Liz spits occasionally. The guys' motifs are somewhat plausible, but I think you will have to be pretty messy about doing everything suggested in Dressed to Kill. It's a good movie, but it didn't excite me so much, and I didn't find any signs of rooting or similar. The film tackles an unnecessary and unnecessary twist that stops me from really seeing the point. Director De Palma leads with style and visual flair, from the art museum's order to a car chase and as a whole it is impeccably filmed throughout. I could imagine that every shot in Dressed to Kill had a large part of the thought put into it. I felt the movie was a bit flat and uninspired at times although nothing about it really strained me much. There is a bit of nudity, some sex and rape along with a couple of gore and violence, Kate's murder at the razor blade in the elevator is the highlight if it's the right word. But it is by no means as shocking or controversial when seen today as many would have you believe. <br /> <br /> With an assumed budget of about $ 6,500,000 Dressed to Kill, the shiny high-output value of a Hollywood movie. New York places are good, movies are good and as a whole it is extremely well made. I thought the music was inappropriate & was far too loud and intrusive. The action is ok, but despite its top billing, I didn't think Caine had so much screen time. Allen was married to director De Palma at the time Dressed to Kill was made, interesting out of the four films she seemed to be made by De Palma in two of them, this & Blow Out (1981), he threw her as the prostitute ... A body double was used for Dickinson as she welcomed herself in a shower at the start. <br /> <br /> Dressed to Kill is a good thriller that is worth watching, but I didn't think it was up to it's high reputation. Good but not brilliant.
