Dressed for Death, a little enlarged when first released in 1980: You had "Police Girl" in a role that was mega-erotic when Angie Dicknson played a sexually frustrated housewife looking for good times in all the wrong museums ( and there in the apartment lifts), plus Nancy Allen as a call girl, Michael Caine as Norman Bates sophisticated New York cousin, and enough lurid imagery to be two films in the period. Today, it is a little less incriminating according to standards and such, although the non-classified version has some of the most "hot" content in any of De Palma's films, at least in his quasi-auteur period of the 70s and the early 80s, where he seemed to repeat themes over and over, ideas taken straight out of the Hitchcock classics rolls and given a tawdry uplift. It is a simple story that one has already seen with sisters, and then again to an extent in Body Double, and also in Blow Out. Cutie Allen plays call-girl Liz Blake, who will clear her name on suspicion of killing Kate (Dickinson, in full blown 'MILF' fashion), after being found with a razor, the murder weapon of Dr. Elliot's office (Michael Caine, hard coal performance most of the way). From the start, as De Palma seems to be doing as a way to create a dangerous sexual fantasy scene as a way of bending on Carrie's opening scene (which he may only do in editing conditions), we get a number of technical knock-out revolutions in the form of the style itself: the tracking shots in the museum meant that it was more fascinating with the process itself, to follow and want to be followed than any kind of excitement; Chase through the subway (a precursor to Carlito's Way) is made with a precise voltage level, meanwhile with a little bit of exploitation thrown in with the black band; The character of Peter, Kate Son (Keith Gordon) who plays what is essentially a younger version of the real life of Palma as a child (science geek, obsessed with hitchcock and voyeurism). And it's all entertaining and entrancing as hell as something that comes close to a real synthesis of what makes De Palma's thrillers so unique, while being so self-consciously unaware of a horrible attitude toward filmmaking. <br /> <br /> The same self-awareness ended up coming back to bid the director in butt a couple of times in recent years, and somehow in Dressed to Kill it starts to become very irregular and disappointing as the story must pack up. As psycho themes come together even more apparently (man who wants a sex change, doesn't even think he's killing as it is * she * who does it), there is a show scene in the police station that makes the above-mentioned Hitch movie look like an amazing psychological revelation. And the final scenes in Peter's house, which are also painfully aimed at remembering a much more accomplished sequence in Carrie, are meant for a manipulation which even for De Palma asks for it; The last shot in particular, though, is a master class in how to copy itself. Nevertheless, there is a very horrible and in itself perfect scene in the mental hospital in the midst of this confused degradation, where the doctor does some work on a nurse who all other inmates act as animals in a zoo and a head shot up and up the stage is One of the best shots of sexual / general perversion ever caught on film. <br /> <br /> A shame that the film ends in such a strange and disturbing way, up to then it is a remarkable piece of pulp, where the class is in the technical aspects (soft lighting, intricate camera movements seemingly so simple) Among topics to be found in the mix of paperbacks to 25 cents. It is not a masterpiece, but I would definitely take it over most of the director's recent thrillers some day.
