In France, it is politely considered from French critics to relive the seemingly coherent chain of movies Brian De Palma left him. However, a good deal of his film is destroyed by bombastic effects "Carrie" (1976), "The Fury" (1978) "Scarface" (1983) without mentioning his loan from Hitchcock. Here in "Dressed to Kill" it is impossible not to think of "Vertigo" (1958) for the long order in the museum, while the main part of the elevator inevitably thinks of the shower anthology in "Psycho" (1960). About our movies, I will not revive the old debate: Do you break the Palma Hitchcock? Instead, I would be generous and classify "Dressed to Kill" in the category De Palma's winners along with "Sisters" (1973) and "Obssession" (1976). With some reservations, however, they are the ones I have previously listed that burn the bitter between De Palma's healthy fans and his detractors. <br /> <br /> If there is a sure thing in "Dressed to Kill" that can generate general agreement among movie lovers, it is De Palma's virtuosity in the lead. He moves his camera just like a movie producer expert has to do. His sophisticated camera works brilliantly with fuel excitement, which entails an increase in voltage and an unpleasant aura. The audience is easily glued in front of the screen. This is helped by the use of several long silent sequences where everything depends on appearance and movement. By the way, in "Psycho" there were also long silent, exciting parts ... <br/> <br /> But the biggest drawback in De Palma's 1980s vintage is that the plot's quality cannot be found and seems to be a rehash of Many formal, corny ingredients relate to an erratic number of murder stories. The prostitute is the only witness to the crime. Then she is suspected by the police and must act alone (with a little help from the victim's son from the stage in the subway and ahead)) to track the killer and prove her innocence. Apart from the fact that De Palma uses some kind of character that is not even at all at all, it is a menu that smells it heated. And the filmmaker ends his film on a sequence that echoes to the opening. Yes, it's amazingly filmed, but when you discover its real function, a figure is "it's almost free stuff". Perhaps De Palma would stretch his film beyond one and a half hours when the viewer at that time knows (and even before) who the killer is. <br /> <br /> The two main leaps in De Palma's set of themes articulate hinges on manipulation and voyeurism. The latter theme is well-present in "Dressed to Kill" from the first scene onwards, making the movie almost resemble a soft porn movie. And the filmmaker is not afraid to film his lead and wife Nancy Allen in her underwear. I find his approach to this theme rather dubious. But perhaps the first order was conceived as a mirror by the viewer, and De Palma wanted to touch his looking blank page. <br /> <br /> I don't want to dampen all of De Palma's work. His prestigious work of directing, involving a communicative approach to film, redeems history's global weakness and its dubious aspects. Twenty-five years later, the controversy he awakened among film-goers is not ready to take off.
