Kate Miller (Angie Dickinson) has problems in her marriage and otherwise - enough to see a psychologist. When her promiscuity gets her into trouble, it also involves a superintendent, Liz Blake (Nancy Allen), who is wrapped up in a survey to discover the identity of a psychic killer. <br /> <br /> Dressed for Kill is something important historically. It is one of the earlier examples of a modern style of thriller, which in this writing has extensions all the way through Hide and Seek (2005). It's strange when director Brian De Palma was basically trying to crib Hitchcock. For example, De Palma literally promises parts of Vertigo (1958) for the Dressed to Kills infamous museum scene. Dressed for Kills shower scenes, as well as its villain and death method, are similar to Psycho (1960). De Palma also has a prominent score with recurring motifs in the style of Hitchcock's favorite composer Bernard Herrmann. The similarities do not end there. <br /> <br /> But De Palma, either by accident or skill, manages to turn a slant or perhaps exceed his influence, with Dressed to Kill having an attitude, structure and flow that has been influential. Perhaps partly because of this influence, Dressed to Kill is also deeply mistaken when seen at this time. Numerous subsequent directors have taken their Hitchcock-like De Palma and chopped it and improved almost every element, so that after 25 years of influential thrillers, so much of Dressed to Kill seems agonizing, structurally clunky and plot-wise inept. <br /> <br /> One aspect of the movie, which unfortunately has not been improved, is Dressed to Kill's sex and nudity scenes. Both Dickinson and Allen treat us to full frontal nudity (Allen is from a very skewed angle), and De Palma has long-lasting shots of Dickinson's breasts, highly implicit masturbation and more visceral sex scenes than are commonly found in modern films. A lot of scenes are approaching soft core porn. I'm not a fan of prudishness - on the contrary. The puritanical, monogamous, protected attitude towards sex and nudity of our culture is disturbing to me. So from my point of view, it is regrettable that Dressed to Kill's emphasis on meat and its pleasures is one of the few aspects in which others have not followed or trumped the film. Perhaps it has been wanted, but they have not been allowed to follow because of cultural services from conservative filled shirts. <br /> <br /> De Palma's filmography and the scene in some scenes are also good enough to make it difficult to do something in the same style better than De Palma does. He has a strange, distinctive approach to close-ups, and he enjoys shooting from interesting angles, such as overhead views and James Whale-like tracking across distant cutaways in the sets. Of course, later directors have been better, but it's hard to say they have been better. Seen for filmmaking, the museum's scene is certainly remarkable in its ability to build very subtle tensions over a fallen glove and gaze or two while following Kate through the intricate embedded cubes of the Metropolitan Museum of Art. <Br /> <br /> On the other hand, one sees from a point of view of the story, and especially if one expects to see a thriller, everything through the museum's scene and a little beyond may seem too slow and stupid. Because of its removal from the movie's main genre and its primary concern with directorial panache (as well as cultural facts beyond the film), the opening looks like a not very well-integrated attempt to titrate and be risqué. When the first murder occurs, things improve, but because of the film's possible influence, much of the improvement now seems a bit cliché and occasionally hokey. The performances are mostly good, although Michael Caine is underutilized, and Dickinson needs to finish faster than we would like (but the exit is needed and very effective). Dressed to kill is at least likely to hold your interest until the end, but due to facts not included in the picture itself, not quite aged well. At this point, it may be best to watch the film primarily as a historical relic and as an example - but not the best, even for that era - of some of De Palma's direct-oriented flair.
