Just finished watching The Groove Tube, which I first saw 23 years ago, when I was a teenager staying far past my bedtime and looking at HBO with my brother and his best friend. We had also seen Animal House just before that, so we saw two movies that played a SNL alumna and had some bare breasts. Good thing our parents slept all the time! Still, there were lots of strange and funny things in this movie that were eye-openers like the Brown 25 sequence in Uranus Industries commercial ("with beef roasting taste," says the announcer as it appears to be human excrement coming out of a white tube. !) or the doll's face talks about the VD (a scrotum with a small penis with eyes glued on). Chevy Chase and Richard Belzer made their feature debut here. Chase is fun if you make a Geritan place with a female stripping, have her hands sex in a "Let Fingers Do It" commercial or sing "Four Leaf Clover" with co-author / director Ken Shapiro drum your hands upside down. Belzer team with Shapiro in the "The Dealers" movie and on "Channel One Evening News" with a wild piece that has Belzer as a black prostitute trying tricks on reporter Ken playing Lionel here. "Lionel, it sounds like a train to ride like a Choo-Choo!" Other outrageous bits include "The Koko Show" with Shipiro as a kid's clown show host, who after ordering "people over ten" to leave the room, reads requests from his viewers as passages of "Fanny Hill"! Or how about the Olympic segment with a German couple who love to be announced by two men (one of them Spanish), as they become explicit, while "Please Stand By" interrupts the screen! Or the animated segment of "The Dealers", depicting dance toilets after Shapiro took some marijuana! Not everything is so dirty. In addition to the "Four Leaf Clover" shooter, there is ultimately an entertaining music segment with Ken lip syncing his own recording of "Just You, Just Me" while dancing with suits and briefcases around town with occasional police officer (co - author Lane Sarasohn) participates in. So, in summary, it's a weird fun movie that seemed to affect other movies (Tunnelvision, Kentucky Fried Movie) and possibly Saturday Night Live (making Chevy the first star of the show) and despite some dated Items can still entertain today. PS While I liked to hear Curtis Mayfield's "Move Up Up" during the gorilla dance / hitchhiking start order, I wondered what was happening to the sequence of hitchhiker and the woman who picked him up, made them run away the car, stripping on the race, and then the naked man gets caught by the policeman who stopped on the road. Guess it's one of the 70's stripes stuff ...
