You know what they say in the 70's. If you remember them, you weren't there. One of the few things I remember about the 70s was the very first hippie and hip social satire, seen from a completely underground or countercultural perspective. Groove Tube. If humor seems to fade or fuzzy now for some viewers, it can only be because much has happened in the last 30 years and the comedy is not "fresh" anymore .. but hey! When this movie came out, it was a first .. and some of these sketches were made for the first time ... at a time when Nixon was in the office, the Vietnam War raged, the sexual revolution was in full swing. .and J.Edgar Hoover was still responsible for the FBI. This is a movie that was made before Watergate broke, and as such it was one of the first to take a big spin on the business. To get the fun of it and the hippies at the same time. And frankly, some sketches are still dead fun. If you liked Cheech and Chong's "Up In Smoke" .. you will love this movie. <br /> <br /> If you want to know what the 70s really liked .. check out Groove Tube .. if you liked the Oscar winning "Network" from around the same year and thought it was right on The field in its wildness on television, you will dig Groove Tube .. which picks up on the theme, but plays from the waves of viewers. . the young viewers who beat the television in favor of other entertainment .... We had been raised on Ozzie & Harriet "Let it be beaver", Dad knows the best, my three sons. Lucky days ... then imagine our joy as those of us who experimented with the new lifestyle got to see a send out of the box as seen from our perspective! The commercial advertising from Uranus Corporation alone is invaluable. "Good stuff comes from Uranus" .... and the sudden break from straight film to the Fritz Cat style animation when the hippies eat grass is still one of the best stories in and sensible I have ever seen in movies. <br /> <br /> If you liked the Kentucky Fried Movie, you LOVE this movie. And if you've ever wondered why your evil uncle Harold still gets a bad shine in his eye when he thinks back to his college days. It would be the perfect movie to watch. <br /> <br /> Take what it is ... a memento of the times ... and a cute little movie that helps us all who forgot the 70's to remember them again.
