"Once upon a time there was a charming country called France .... People lived happily then. The woman was easy and the men spoiled in their favorite time: war, only the only recreation of the kings that the people could enjoy." The war in question was the seven-year war, and when it was noted that there were more like soldiers than soldiers, the recruits were deployed to rebuild the line. <br /> <br /> And then it was that Fanfan (Gerard Philipe) caught a peasant daughter in a heap of hay, escaped marriage by acquiring himself in Regiment d'Aquitane ... but first by believing in his future as predicted by a gypsy, he will win fame and happiness in his majesty uniform and will marry the king's daughter. Alas, Adeline (Gina Lollobrigida) is not a gypsy, but the daughter of the regiment's recruiting sergeant. <br /> <br /> When Fanfan lifts away from the recruits, sobs in hand to rescue a wagon under attack, who will be inside, but Marquise du Pompadour and ... King's daughter. He is now convinced that he will marry high, despite the extremely low blouses Adeline is wearing. She will soon find her own love for Fanfan. We are in the midst of an irreverent movie of Fanfan's fate, a sword-fighting scam and villain. There are escapes from hangings, sword fortresses on tile, blundering battles, romantic getaway and more joyful extraction than you can imagine. What Fanfan lacks in Polish, he is in irreverence and enthusiasm. He is a swiftly needy swordman and a talking lover, but with such naive belief in his fate and such an optimistic nature, how do we not like him? <br /> <br /> Gerard Philipe was an iconic scene and acting actor (as Francois Truffaut constantly disturbed on the Cahiers du Cinema pages). He did most of his own stunts. He was beautiful, athletic, graceful and charismatic. Men admired him and women dreamed of him. He was dead at 36, seven years after Fanfan, of liver cancer. All France provided. Gina Lollobrigida as Adeline keeps herself. It's not the low-blonde blouses that work her. She is sharp, passionate, not completely innocent and no stupid. <br /> <br /> Fanfan la Tulipe only sings with endless satirical action, pointed situations and good nature. Not to mention entertaining, acute dialogue. After Adeline has taken steps to save Fanfan from hanging, she meets the king in his private neighborhood. "Give me your beautiful little hand," he says. "But my heart belongs to Fanfan," says Adeline. "Who asks for your heart?" says the king, "everything I ask for is a little pleasure." "I'm a real girl," says Adeline. The King says: "You owe my honor to your benefits, you love Fanfan, thank you. My whims allow you to show the greatest proof of your love, betraying for his sake the loyalty you have sworn to him. " Now it is wise, funny stuff. <br /> <br /> Jean-Luc Godard, Francois Truffaut and the rest of the New Wave band tended to discourage popular movies as more entertainment (and they adapted their attacks). Fanfan la Tulipe and its director, Christian-Jacques, were among their primary goals. They probably missed the Fanfan point, which is a very funny satire about the pointless armrests and war. How much better has it turned out to make movies of anxiety that only other cinema's could appreciate. Thousands of some of them, Truffaut and Chabrol, for example, overgrew this childish abduction and come to realize that a good movie is a good movie, whether the masses like it or just cognoscent. A smart person who enjoys movies can appreciate something if the films are well made. Those who dismiss a film based on its degree of popularity are as self-defeating as those who boast that they have never read Harry Potter. <br /> <br /> Jean-Luc Godard, eat your heart out. Viva Fanfan!
