This is the last of four swashbucklers from France I have planned for viewing during this Christmas season: the others (in order of view) were the uninspired THE BLACK TULIP (1964, from the same director as this, but not so well), the surprisingly effective LADY Oscar (1979; emerged as a Japanese manga!) and the amazing CARTOUCHE (1962). In fact, I had seen this not so long ago on Italian television at the end of the night and did not recall being especially crowded with it, so I was really surprised at how much I enjoyed it this time (also considering the amazing Lack of enthusiasm shown to the film here and elsewhere as it was first announced as a forthcoming DVD release by criterion). FANFAN LA TULIPE also has a lot in common with the aforementioned CARTOUCHE: not just cast and crew members (producers Georges Dancigers and Alexandre Mnouchkine, filmmaker Christian Matras, actor Noel Roquevert) but also plot-wise ?? In fact, the hero is a woman's brother (Jean-Paul Belmondo's Cartouche had also had a short military spell) who is loved by a fireball (in this case gypsy Gina Lollobrigida) while he himself is obsessed with an impossible love (here there is no one else than the king's daughter! As in the later movie, Fanfan (an ideal cast Gerard Philipe, who ironically is so full of life here, finds it hard to believe he would be hit by cancer within 7 years) flanked by two fun lovers but obese men (one of them is actually his superior officer and heroine of his own father) and contrary to an unscrupulous figure within his own ranks (the aging Roquevert, with which the hero eventually enters a rooftop duel, then he also has amorous designs on the gypsy girl! To the record, Lollobrigida will join Philippe in her next film, Rene Clair's lovely romantic fantasy LES BELLES DE NUIT (1952). <br /> <br /> FANFAN turned out to be a big box office hit on its home ground and even cut a surprising (but well-deserved) Best Direction Award in Cannes over more famous films such as AN American IN Paris (1951), DETECTIVE STORY (1951), OTHELLO, UMBERTO D. and VIVA ZAPATA! In fact, its popularity secured its re-release in a computerized version (presumably for the benefit of viewers who would not touch a black and white product with a ten foot pole) and the Criterion DVD itself contained a sample from this variant; To be obviously a foreign language title, there is also the questionable choice of an English-doubled soundtrack, but even though it did not turn out to be particularly painful to consider, when all is said and done, there is simply no substitute for the original! <br /> <br /> FANFAN LA TULIPE (a nickname given to the hero of a young Genevieve Side as the famous Madame De Pompadour) contains about as much comedy as the expected action and romance; while some may find this overwhelming, I do not agree with myself as I enjoyed the sharp satirical narrative, and as a whole, this combination is comparable to Jerzy Skolimowski's just droll THE ADVENTURES OF GERARD (1970). That said, the swordfights here are remarkably powerful for a virtually indifferent business (especially a shovel in the woods and the ambush of a monastery) and the film itself, of course, quite adult at times (with numerous overall sexualities as well as rough language adopted throughout) when they are seen backwards with vintage Hollywood ticket as I did now; The Climax is so pretty ingenious: The enemy forces (who are entertainingly made to speak in faster gibberish!) Are depleted by our heroic trio alone, much to the King's astonishment, as portrayed by Marcel Herrand ?? known for his role as head of the Parisian underworld in Marcel Carne's Children of Paradise (1945)? is even a lecher. <br /> <br /> P.S. An Italian TV channel has threatened to cut Christian-Jacques' promising CHAMPAGNE FOR SAVAGES (1964) for several months, but despite the programming it three times already (with a provisional fourth ending for next week), they have not yet shown it ; yet I have three more films of his in my unfinished VHS pile (also cut off from Italian TV screens at the end of the night): the three-hour epic LA CHARTREUSE DE PARME (1948, also starring Gerard Philippe), OTHER TWIN 1967) and FRENCHIE KINGS LEGEND (1971, with Brigitte Bardot and Claudia Cardinale).
