Why a stupid, dull, flooded movie series such as "Star Wars" gets all that hype and a truly amazing movie like this gets totally unnoticed .. is beyond me ... This movie will really open your eyes to dark, disturbing, sad and scary world we live in ... Unlike the boring "elephant", this movie is not one of those "just a typical day until some pull the trigger" movie .. this movie focuses more on what happens after the event ... Deana, played by the very hot and very talented Erika Christensen, is a happy and healthy equal-A student with good friends and a good life ... until ... she is hurt on the day of the shooting being shot in the head. Fortunately, she is not killed, but is seriously injured and must be in the hospital for a while and cause her to be in a lot of emotional pain, beyond the physical ... Meanwhile, Alicia, who is also played by the very beautiful and Talented Busy Phillips, an unpleasant, cold-hearted, rebellious, anti-social goth girl who doesn't have a single positive move on her ... and she's unlucky when shooting. because it turns out she was girlfriends with the slider and knew he was going to do what he did ... that made her get into the police station and asked some questions. When she refuses to tell the police if she knew the shooting was going to happen, they always come to her house to try to convince her to say something ... and she still does not, so the school principal is making her a burial of one of the dead students, and after she goes on ... the principal decides that enough is enough and forces her to go to Deana in the hospital. Of course she refuses it too, but the principal says that if Alicia doesn't, the police will continue to try to get her to say something ... and then she actually goes to see her ... The lonely, traumatized, and both physically and emotionally wounded Deana is more than happy to have someone visit her, but of course Alicia is something but happy to see her. Deana tries to give her a friendly welcome, but of course Alicia only reacts with hard and evil comments and a hard account of how she is only here because she is forced and does not intend to be kind to her. But sooner or later the meaning will change ... (and that's all I say) This is really one of the most moving movies ever, as well as one of the darkest and disturbing. In fact, I think I would tie this with "American History X" as just disturbing and moving at the same time ... WARNING: Watch this movie at your own risk !! It contains very graphic scenes and pictures! EXCELLENT AND CRIME UNDERSTANDED MOVIE! I feel so shame that I'm pretty much the only one who knows it!
