"Winchester '73" marked the first of a number of westerns involving James Stewart and Director Anthony Mann. As in most of them, Stewart's quite a violent edge threatens to explode at all times. <br /> <br /> The title refers to a "one thousand" rifle competing at a rifle shot in Dodge City on July 4, 1876. In the city comes Lin McAdam (Stewart) and his sidekick High Spade (Millard Mitchell ), on the track of Dutch Henry Brown (Stephen McNally) for a former dastardly deed. They arrive just in time to see Marshal Wyatt Earp (Will Geer) running salon girl Lola (Shelley Winters) out of town. It turns out that Dutch Henry is also in town for the rifle shooting. Lin and Dutch Henry shoot it off the coveted prize with Lin-winner, but Dutch Henry robs Lin of the gun and escapes. Lin and High Spade trail Dutch Henry over land where they encounter Lola with her cowardly beau Steve Miller (Charles Drake) stops at an American Cavalry Camp waiting for attacks by the Indians led by Young Bull (Rock Hudson) who has acquired the prized rifle by killing the shameless pistol runner John McIntyre. He had got the weapon by cheating Dutch Henry at poker. Young Bull is killed during the attack and the gun passes to Steve. At the same time, back at the ranch, Lola and Steve meet up with the notorious wild boar Waco Johnny Dean (Dan Duryea), who kills Steve and takes the valued rifle and Lola for himself. When the dean meets with Dutch Henry, he gives him the opportunity to go back "his gun" planning to murder him later. In the town of Tuscosa, Lin Dean kills when Dutch plans for keeping up the bank go bad, and he escapes into the hills of Lin in pursuit. In one of the best final shootouts ever, the two meet in the final showdown. <br /> <br /> I think this movie was the only Stewart / Mann collaboration shot in B&W. It is beautifully photographed, especially the scenes in the "wide open spaces" and especially the last showdown. Stewart plays against type, plays the hero with a fierce revenge motive edge, a feeling that he would wear in future films with Mann. As in most universal Western countries, this one has seasoned seasoned veterans and contract players of the day. In addition to the above, JC Flippen appears as cavalry Sergeant Steve Brodie, James Millican, John Doucette and Chuck Roberson as various artisans Ray Teal as the sheriff pursues Duryea, Tony Curtis and James Best as rookie soldiers and Edmund Cobb, Chief Yowlachie and John War Eagle in different roles in the Dodge City sequence. <br /> <br /> A classic western in every sense of the word. It was responsible for restoring Stewart's career as an action star.
