One of the greatest westerns of all time! But this, unlike many others, does not deal with nature, horses, shootouts, etc, but instead deals with a rifle, Winchester '73, and how one rifle affects others and how they affect it. A rifle is not a living, breathing, human, right? You may be inclined to believe that it is not. But it seems to have a mind of its own, for two very similar reasons: it comes back to its rightful owner in the end, although throughout the rest of the image, its unthinkable "owners" do their best to ensure It does not, and it never seems to be satisfactory until it comes back to its original owner, so by chance the insignificant "owners" seem to lose it somehow or be killed, trying to protect and keep it until It comes back to James Stewart, then it's "content". But not all the owners deserve to have it. Stewart, of course, does when he won it. McNally does not, as he had to be a dirty thief and steal it. Drake certainly does not, because he will probably lose it in a poker game, and besides, Drake is wrong to fight, so why should he have a one-of-a-kind rifle if he doesn't even want to use it? Duryea doesn't, because he's just a chuckling maniac, and we all know that chuckling maniacs don't deserve guns. This film has a kind of noir edge that only westerns can have, such as the Ox-Bow Incident. Westerners have their own type of noir, very different from the 30s and 40s Bogart films. It is, hands-down, the best of all five Stewart-man westerns, although my personal favorite is "Bend of the River". The other four became very different from this one. I don't think it's a case to see that the other four were color, and it's black and white. This is due to the circus. All five films had revenge, and the dark past at Stewart's role plays into the movie, to the point where this is not just Stewart's dark side, but also some sort of character, not one to be listed in the credits, but one there You can only recognize and know that it is there, always present. But one, not only of revenge and the dark past, but also of the greatest danger and character that was very different from Stewart, made it surpassed the other four in all aspects. But Stewart never crosses the line. However, he goes the line between light and dark. Therefore, black and white played such a big role in the film. They could all have been black and white, or they could all have been color. But this one is in black and white, and the other four are in color and there is a very good reason for it.
