Wyatt Earps and Bat Mastersons greater than the lifetime figures and George Armstrong Custer and Sitting Bull's ghosts bounce over Director Anthony Mann's hugely entertaining first Western with James Stewart. Although Stewart's attempt to avenge his father's murder is the primary story, Winchester '73 is truly an ensemble piece with the mean, one-in-a-thousand firearm that goes through the hands of many colorful owners, including a mining dealer (John McIntire, especially large ) and ban Dan Duryea, who is even more despicable than usual. The film's fiction and fiction create a soft tempo and an ambivalent tone brilliantly in step with Mann's worn-out, composition-bound film production. His themes of psychological turmoil and past dictate weakly during this high tale of good and bad men chasing after a fabulous gun, but they emerge strongly in a vignette of a man's cowardice and unsuccessful reconciliation for reconciliation and are defined in Stewarts talks with sidekick Millard Mitchell. Man's use of the environment is what sets him apart from other filmmakers of westerns. Instead of staring at distant places, he incorporates them into the drama as signs that redirect, complicate, or evoke the goals of the human characters. Just as mountains, caves and rapids had to be accounted for in The Naked Spur, here is a war field in the midst of the warm cliffs and cliffs of a small mountain, a physical obstruction that fatalistically determines the role of victory and sacrifice between two equally sharp sharers. (I would be aware of not acknowledging the contribution of cinematographer William H. Daniel's, especially his excellent day-to-day photography). Not only does a skilled outdoor man produce an equally vivid image of Wyatt Earp's patrolled Dodge City, primarily through scaled, plural plotting. The shooting competition does not depend on sharp camera shifts or sharp cuts to power because Mann instinctively knows where to place the camera and how to move it to show the greatest information density in a given shot. He also does not like to spell the plot in dialogue with the point of view of the actors' eyes or a well-chosen image to convey the effort. A scene in particular serves to explain its attitude: Mitchell's tale of Stewart's motivation for Shelley Winters, which is interrupted by the climatic battle that soon reveals everything. Light without feeling insignificant, intense without being overbearing, Winchester '73 seems more modern than its contemporaries and is a joy to see.
