A new creative team emerged in 1950 when the brilliant actor James Stewart, along with the brilliant director Anthony Mann, made a series of westerns that helped define that genre for the future. Until then, Stewart was primarily known for an aw..aw..aw approach to family-oriented comedies, dramas and romances. Not that he wasn't already a multifunctional Hollywood star. One of his best screen performances ever and one of the best for everyone on celluloid was like Macaulay 'Mike' Connor, a sarcastic author of a scandal rag in "The Philadelphia Story." He had even made westerners before. His portrayal of the gun shy yet expert shot Thomas Jefferson Destry Jr. in western comedy "Destry Rides Again" helped make that movie a classic. But for most movie guests he was the all-American boyscout type Mr. Smith or George Bailey. Rarely was there a dark side to any of the characters he played. <br /> <br /> Anthony Mann was associated with B flicks in film noir fashion. "Raw Deal", "Side Street" and "T-Men" saw James Stewart. So the two gifted men combined their resources to produce some of the greatest Hollywood westerns ever made. "Winchester '73" and "The Man from Laramie" were the best, but the others were almost as effective. Mann became a successful director of A-movie as a result of controlling what some critics believe is the largest Western of them all Gary Cooper's "West of Man". Stewart was fabulously wealthy as a result of the partnership because he signed a portion of royalties in return for a fraction of the wages he was usually paid, a clever move followed by many other players from then on. <br /> <br /> Winchester '73 was also one of the first films, perhaps the first, to tell a story from a travel gun. Each owner is part of the story that is told and it all comes together in the exciting showdown at the end of the movie, which also keeps a surprise to the viewer. Based on a story from Stuart Lake, the story of revenge and ownership of Winchester tells '73. The year is 1876. Custer and his seventh cavalry have been destroyed by Sioux and Cheyenne at Little Big Horn. The whites want revenge. The Native Americans want their land and their lifestyle back. This conflict leads to a confrontation between Native America led by Young Bull (young Rock Hudson showing his potential as an actor) and a small cavalry group attached in a canyon and along with civilian Lin McAdam (Stewart), his partner and lifelong pal High Spade (the underrated actor Millard Mitchell) and a couple trying to find themselves, Steve Miller (Charles Drake) and Lola Manners (Shelley Winters), a dirty dove with a friendly heart. Among the horse's troops are beginners Tony Curtis and James Best (last on "Dukes of Hazzard"), whose part is carved by a ball. <br /> <br /> In 1876, Wyatt Earp was in Dodge City. The fine actor Will Geer (later in Waltons) resembles an older Earp. In fact, at that time, Wyatt's assistant marshal in Dodge was just cutting his teeth into being a lawyer. Lin McAdam wins Winchester in a shooting competition, but has taken it from him, not long ago by outlaw Dutch Henry Brown (Stephen McNally) and his henchmen. McAdam and High Spade are after both Dutch Henry and Winchester for the rest of the movie. An even more eerie character emerges along the way, Waco Johnnie Dean, played as a vicious personified by Dan Duryea, who threatens to steal the show from the other members of a star cast. <br /> <br /> Winchester passes through several hands throughout the movie each time the transfer is intense. One involves a gunrunner played to perfection by John McIntire. Other swaps are mixed with the scenario above. All this plus the action keeps the viewer glued to the seat throughout the entire show. As mentioned above, the cast is first rate down to the smallest role. Look for other familiar faces in unfamiliar parts, including the future sheriff of "Bonanza" Ray Teal and B Western Reliable Panhandle Perkins (Guy Wilkerson).
