In 1942, a film told TALES OF MANHATTAN a set of stories that were basically unrelated, but tied together with a suit of men's evening wear. Each story began when the "tails" were transferred from one owner (eg Charles Boyer) to another (Ceasar Romero). WINCHESTER '73, a superior movie and a great Western, has a similar plot twist. Initially, it's about how Jimmy Stewart seeks Stephen (Horace) MacMahon for some deadly angry. But during the film, the two men enter a slider competition, the prize (given by Marshall Wyatt Earp - Will Geer) is one of the new Winchester rifles. Stewart hardly knocks out MacMahon, but the gun is stolen from Stewart and chase is on. <br /> <br /> The gun goes hand in hand, including John McIntyre (as an arrogant trader who mistakenly doesn't know when to stop being arrogant), to Rock Hudson (in a surprising role - and one shortly), to Charles Drake, to Dan Duryea (as the lovely mortal and psychotic Waco Johnny Dean) to MacMahon. Finally, it returns to Stewart. <br /> <br /> The film is expert by Anthony Mann. Each character has a wide range of experiences. Duryea gets the rifle literally over Drake's dead body (Duryea forces the question). But he loses it to MacMahon, who is faster in the draw - not that Duryea is stupid enough to fight for the rifle. As he and Shelley Winter look at MacMahon in the distance, Winter (who looked at Duryea killed his former boy friend Drake) kills her disgust for the gunman immediately to ask why he put up with MacMahon's bullying of the gun. Philosophically, Duryea explains that he can wait. Some options will come up later (ie when he can safely kill MacMahon and get back to the rifle). <br /> <br /> The characters are remarkably human. Winter's first appears as Drake's future bride, but she sees a really big negative side to him - an unforgiving side. Drake is aware of this lapse and it helps lead to his destruction. Other figures have realistic features such as J.C. The flip as a sergeant who fights an Indian attack with Steward and Steward's friend Millard Mitchell. Oh yes, and with Flippens fellow soldier - Tony Curtis. The flip makes you think this soldier has been on a hundred battlefields before, since 1861 probably. Steward had shown feelings in other movies. IN IT'S A MOVING LIFE, he showed some anger and also a near nervous breakdown when he thinks everything is wrong with his life. But here he showed a demonic anger - at the expense of a surprised Duryea (who would normally show such anger). <br /> <br /> Parts of this movie fit very well under Mann's competent hands. This is a Western that never wear out when the audience watches the journey of a Winchester rifle.
