The adult western buffs who flourished in the 1950s are trying to trace their origin to the movie that started the syndrome. Of course, we can go back to Howard Hawks Red River (1948) or further to John Ford's My Darling Clementine (1946), but if we want to stick to that single decade then it must be one of a few movies made in the first era year. One is "The Gunfighter", an exquisitely bleak tale of a famous gunslinger (Ringo) who faces his last shootout. Another from the same year is "Winchester '73" and it is worth noting that Millard Mitchell appears in both gloomy, mustache and very realistic riders. In The Gunfighter, he is the city's marshal expected to arrest Ringo, but once rode with him in a crime gang. In Winchester he is sidekick to Jimmy Stewart, a kind of Horatio to Stewart's Hamlet in this epic / tragic tale. The plot is simple enough: Stewart's lonely cowpoke wins a remarkable Winchester in a shooting game that beats the best man in the west (Stephen McNally) who is actually his own brother and caused their father's death. When the brother steals the gun, Stewart and Mitchell go after him in a cowboy odyssey taking them across the border, meeting up with both criminals and Indians. (In a wonderful part, two future stars - Rock Hudson and Tony Curtis - an Indian boss and an American cavalry soldier - play during a well-run battle game. Dan Duryea steals the whole show as a giggling ban leader while Shelly Winters just before she started gain weight, it is fine as the shady lady who ties all the plots together. Today, filmmakers would continue for about four hours to bring such an ambitious idea to the screen, but Anthony Mann does so in an extremely economical waste of time, with Such Western legends as Bat Masterson and Wyatt Earp (with sharp plays by Will Geer) make short appearances that add to the story and the epic nature, the final battle between good and bad brothers high on top of a Series of rocky canyons, now legendary among western buffs, also worth noting that Stewart, how much he is associated with Western films, does what is actually his first Western e leading role here - yes he was in The Stry Rides Again eleven years earlier, but was thrown into the comedy spoof because he seemed so wrong for westerns!
