The traditional western is synonymous with wide open spaces, clearcut morals, inevitable stories, the optimistic beliefs of a hero's ability to shape his own destiny, to escape his past. These qualities directly reflect the American sense of self-esteem, the self-creating dream, pushing boundaries and boundaries, why the genre is still highlighted by opportunistic politicians. With some noble exceptions (eg Wellman, Hawks), the Western health of health was free of neuroses or real anxiety. Anthony Mann changed all that forever, and this first foray in the genre is one of the most violent, vibrant, complex, not to say exciting Western ever. <br /> <br /> The traditional western is dependent on a hero who exemplifies robust sweetness, whatever accidents he may have had in the past, a supporter of order and justice that dominates the movie, removes his obstacles, restores harmony in reality ; and an obvious villain, who often ironically drives the plot, strengthens the hero in certain actions. The difference between the two is often delimited as mythical simple as wearing white or black hats. The man's background was in film noir, a genre antithetical to wide open space and optimism. Noir was neurotically charged, focusing on the disintegration of an unstable protagonist where morality is blurred, the hero is as often the villain, trapped in an inner maze of his own creation, a passive victim of destiny. Noir is about recall not progress, interrogation and denial of signs and signs of representation, not the creation and affirmation of them. <br /> <br /> WINCHESTER 73 is filled with no fear. Noir is often considered a psychological genre that visualizes the traumas of the protagonist's head. 73 does it too, and is the more disturbing that the protagonist is lovely, homespun Jimmy Stewart, where he starts his big run of tricky movies with Mann and Hitchcock. In many ways, good-natured and sweet, representing right and trying to restore disturbances in the natural order, he is also a virtuous lunatic who will stop at nothing to obtain murderous revenge whose relentless mission reflects Ethan Edwards in THE SEARCHERS in his Inhuman persistence, whose human instincts are struck by this quest, and whose outbursts of violence are really scary to witness. <br /> <br /> As in noir, his anxiety has a psychological base - unlike most 'healthy' heroes who have killed McAdam's father (symbolically killed) their fathers before he could complete the process; His chasing his brother is less moral vengeance than an attacked protest against confused growth. The climatic shot is not cathartic: McAdam returns to the normal society as if he were just witnessing some of the world's most horrible horrors. What is most disturbing about the movie is that it is not right about a hero or a villain at all, but a lifeless piece of weoponry that drives the action. 73 opens with the gun of the title privileged on the display behind a glass window, while its admirers are trapped, squashed, undifferentiated, framed and admired outside. Throughout the film, human power is reduced to the most arbitrary of significant - change of name; Lime and Dutch mime shoot each other because they have no weapons; Tasks lose their moral vitality, and their practitioners are close to madness; armies must ask for help from Confederate strangers to fight battles; a man only becomes respectful when he mentions his name; another man is revealed as a nap when surrendering his fiance to the Indians; The gun retains its prestige, power, wholeness. <br /> <br /> It's not the revenge plot that drives the movie, but the story of the gun; This changes the film out of conventional expectations and creates a creepy, alienating, modern feel. We then get caught up in the revenge plot, that when we accompany the gun, another plot altogether, we feel confused. <br /> <br /> In fact, the emphasis on the gun, the symbol of powerful masculinity, allows for a criticism of the masculinity, revealing meaningless elaborate rituals at the expense of society and order; broken capitalist greed; Murderous Indian traders who deceive both the seller and the enemy; cowards; psychotic killers; Before returning to his "true" owner, a broken hero thoroughly destroyed who has become as murderous as the killer he is seeking. The gun is never marked with the owner's name, not only because there is no permanent owner, but because there is no solid masculinity, there is an insight into the traditional western. Western brilliantly, Wyatt Earp, Dodge City, Cavalry, the Civil War, the Civil War, the broad open west claim only to undermine them. Earp has an inflated reputation that is quite a name but never proven - Dodge City is not safer against criminals than anywhere else; The cavalry is incomplete (Custer has just lost the Little Big Horn) and the bitter feud of war turns out to be irrelevant. The myth of the open west is a place of a very closed, inevitable circular plot that traps its signs, refuses to let them shape their destiny, but allows it to shape them. The old John Ford silhouette of riders on a large mountain is reprized, but does not signal progress but repetition and circularity. But for its entire deconstruction, the film is also tangibly alive in a way that few Westerns ever achieve. Mann's crisp technique penetrates into the camera in crucial positions, alternating revealing distance with intense investigation, making the lounge doors and stage coaches look alive and live.
