"Addictive" is an adjective I've heard many times when talking about certain TV shows. Most recently, dramas such as Lost, Heroes and Prison Break have earned that description. But as convincing as they can be (and they really are), I can wait a few days before I see the next episode of both series, even Prison Break, which some have stupidly classified as "the new 24". With all due respect, there can be no such thing and with a good reason: no other silver-screen thriller is based on a real-time structure. That's what sets 24 apart from any other show, and so I almost have to see an entire season (on DVD) in seven days or less: when the frickin begins to check, it's impossible to tune out. <br /> An episode whose events unfolded in a single day was a trademark of NYPD Blue (and recently Deadwood); to have a whole season of a new series the last 24 hours, one per. ep (the current term is 41 minutes, the remaining 19 are engaged in advertising when the show is flying on telly), was the most groundbreaking idea in mainstream television since Hill Street Blues introduced non-linear storytelling (a mandatory element today). And it was really paid. <br /> <br /> It was ironic that the original plan of the series was to make it a wedding. (Fortunately, the creators Joel Surnow and Robert Cochran realized that the format was more suited to a conspiracy thriller), which is probably why the first glimpse of the hero suggests a cheerful mood: looks extremely relaxed, Jack Bauer (Kiefer Sutherland) enjoying a game of chess with his daughter Kimberly (Elisha Cuthbert) and in a few minutes later bidding with Teri (Leslie Hope), the wife with whom he has just joined. However, as in the Soprano, there is something unexpected and shocking just behind the corner: Jack not only got snuck out of his room, and he also receives a phone call that encourages him to get started right away. At midnight? I'm afraid of it: Bauer is an agent for CTU (Counter Terrorist Unit) and his boss has gained reliable intel on a possible hit on the life of David Palmer (Dennis Haysbert), an African American presidential candidate who wants to be in Los Angeles Angeles for the whole day (oh, right, I almost forgot: events occur at California Presidents Primary Primary). No time to sleep, so: Jack must spend the next 24 hours on the case. Unfortunately, he tends to ignore the protocol, and George Mason (Xander Berkeley), a slim Division man who has been asked to disrupt the operation, is not doing well. <br /> <br /> The reason is very close, which makes the show difficult to recommend to those with a brief attention span, but anyone willing to look will be rewarded immediately: Scripture is sharp and precise, attention to detail unmatched , and the voltage is consistently sky-high, mainly thanks to the real-time trickery that significantly improves the adrenaline level. Another great quality of this pilot is the characterization: most genres show (sci-fi and thriller) tend to merely introduce key actors and then define them later (a textbook example is CSI, where character development is minimal, but then again the show's unique style), while the series debut of 24 contains a large selection of fully rounded people, among which Jack (Sutherland's best role - ever!) and Palmer (the right revelation of the show) stand out to be perfectly described after an episode alone ( the former shared between job and family, ruthless but humane, the latter honored and exhibited with great integrity). A few supporting parts border on stereotype (Mason and Tony Almeida in particular), but two factors should be taken into account: a) this is the first episode; b) There is so much going on, most viewers won't even complain about a "bug" or two. After all, how many networking programs can begin with a conspiracy, a missing teenager and a huge explosion - and still have just as satisfying material for the rest of the season? <br /> <br /> Tick, tock, tick, tock ...
