Of these comments here before mine, I most agree with Edyarb's. The story and the manuscript apparently had the potential to be fun, but even though it was something to control elsewhere, it failed. You could see those who wanted to make a joke, but no one in the audience laughed. (Also agree with Edyarb's view on the final credit: let it be normal or make it cool, but not what they have done now.) OK, it gives a more negative feeling than what I actually saw the movie. I enjoyed it; It was a pleasant evening entertainment and certainly didn't feel like a waste of money to get the ticket. The best jokes are those that go a little beyond the expected and are quite mature, as Luke Wilson's character Matt asks super chick "P * nis or bed?" when she told him she would "get him a new one" after a wild night in bed and end up beating the bed and leaving Matt sore. <br /> <br /> However, I cannot agree with bgs1614, which says the movie could get an "R" rating - there was absolutely nothing in the movie to justify it. Some sexual acts yes, but nothing explicit, just humorous and no nudity at all. (Maybe he was on a prescreening that showed more ...?) I would like to compare this to two newer movies I watched without any expectation: Superman Returns and Click. I didn't really expect anything from one of them - I was a big fan of the original Superman movies and the trailer for Click only showed it as a potentially chauvinistic movie (which I wouldn't oppose). Superman surprised me by making me feel good (goosebumps!) About seeing his first heroic act as seeing a long lost friend and feeling happy about it. But for the rest of the story, I'd rather see my Super Ex girlfriend, at least it gives some surprises. Click again was a TOTAL surprise, much better and deeper than the trailer and about five minutes away from being a really great movie. The witnesses also work much better than in Ex-boyfriend, both the naughty and the more advanced. <br /> <br /> Whatever, the only reason I compared these three films is that they are the last three I 'I've seen, in a very short time, and also because I went to all these with virtually no expectations at all. I would rate them Click, Girlfriend, Superman.
