Overall, I was pretty impressed with the pilot. The first fifteen minutes were worrying as it felt that the creators were trying to create a science fiction version of The OC, but this fear was addressed when a terrorist incident occurred and from here the show enters into themes and situations I very rarely see TV tackle. <br /> <br /> BSG deals with topics such as monotheism, existentialism, reality, death and terrorism, but they were primarily subtitles there for the viewer to consider or ignore if they choose. On the other hand, these topics are the focus of the show, and I personally found myself generating such works as Ghost In The Shell and The Matrix as reference points while watching and being amazed at how well the themes were discussed. I think if you are a fan of the two I just mentioned or other movies / TV shows that deal with the issues I referred to, I think you will find at least something here. <br /> <br /> Concerning a starting point to explain how the situation we know in BSG took place. I think they handled it in a very interesting way. I especially liked how they explained where Cylon's belief in a God came, and the creation of Caprica had just enough advanced and modern technology thrown in to make it appear in the future, but not entirely foreign to us as viewers. The only real weak points I noticed were the relationship between the Greystone parents and the actor playing 'Lacy Rand'. Although I think of Eric Stoltz and Paula Malcomson individually, their scenes seemed to lack chemistry, and at that moment it simply could be down to developing their characters, but that's something I think needs to work. I also found Magda Apanowicz to be unconvincing in her role. This again could be down to experiencing and the time needed to evolve, but during the episode, her acting seemed forced and not entirely confident. <br /> <br /> Based on the pilot, I look forward to seeing where Caprica goes into the future and hopefully it will affect the grandeur that BSG once did.
