It all starts with a suicide. Or is it a car accident? I think it all depends on whether you choose to start at the beginning or end. Director Gabriele Muccino allows you to get into his new movie Seven Pounds, no matter which way you prefer, as he begins at the end and works his way back to the beginning and shows us the paths that led us to the heartbreaking 911 call. This is a powerful movie; maybe it's because I'm softy when it comes to dramas of this ilk, dripping with grave moments and chock full of devastating beliefs, but somehow a movie works best when it really touches me when it lands on the back of my head hours after leaving the theater. And it is from the team that brought us overrated, sappy, and not all that solves the pursuit of happiness, so I just want to say that my expectation was carefully guarded for a big downturn. With all that, however, I was with seven pounds from the opening frame until the credits rolled. Although you find out what Will Smith's character does, he tries to complete the secret mission. That's the way he fulfills his punishment that shines brightly and leaves you a tearful smile at the end. <Br /> <br /> Our entry point is a bit crushing and we let off-kilter try to understand what's going on. Smith's Thomas has lists of names, one of people we don't know, and one of people who seems to be trying to follow and revise. Working with the IRS gives him access to these strangers for a glimpse of their lives to see if they are worthy of a gift he has the power to give them a gift that can completely change their relationship. He calls an old childhood woman (Barry Pepper) and reminds him to do what he promised not to guess his decision because there is nothing to change. Even in a role that is as small as Pepper, you cannot help feeling the full grief held high in the background and hanging over everyone's head. It's his character, seen maybe three times, that really includes the primary level of emotions being treated. His breakdowns, whether torn and assembled or handcuffed, show the band these two men have is one that stands the time test and any circumstance to come their way. <br /> <br /> After that phone call, the journey begins to meet new people. Thomas is on a mission to help alleviate the ills of poor people and try to remain despite the heavy burden of medical bills and survival. This progression takes many turns from a "blind, vegan, meat seller", whom he is told to see if he can make him explode; to a phase two donor necessity heart patient, unable to print his line of stationary, or even drive with his Great Dane Duke; to a mistreated and scared latino mother of two, too scared to leave his girlfriend; to a dying hockey coach who creates faith in a dimmed youth community; to a little boy who needs a bone marrow transplant. There are people who live with pain and inevitable future with hope and want to cherish every day, and there are those who are trying to beat it by cutting corners and spending all their money at the expense of those who need it to go out in style. Why is it up to Thomas to seize the mix and find those who deserve his "gift", is unknown at the beginning, and therefore this man, seen in flashbacks as an aviation engineer with a beautiful wife and a large beach home, is now alive in A motel, running a beat-up car, goes door to door to revise for the IRS. As he says, "he stumbled on the job". <br /> <br /> Smith's quest like Thomas is a long and painful, temperate, moments of clarity and honest compassion. As a man with the means to help, he takes his work seriously and crosses people who are not worthy and tests those he thinks are worthy to the degree. If it means shouting and making fun of them, he must do it. At each step, however, you see the suffering in his eyes, the pain eats away at his soul and takes every step toward his destiny, one as a redemption saint, not only for those he wants to help, but also for himself. It's a commendable achievement, and I just want Smith to do more dramas like this instead of his summer tips because they're funny, this guy is too good for them. The man better wins an Oscar before he finishes, or it will be a travesty ?? at least in my mind. <br /> <br /> The rest of the cast is star over the table. Woody Harrelson as the blind seller is a choppy handicap with a joy of life. His shy smile and faith in humanity come across everywhere, whether you are called to sit in a dining room that eats its pie or on the piano in the park, and plays for anyone who wants to listen. Elpidia Carrillo, as the abused mother, is amazing, showing the hard development from prideful to frightened to utterly overwhelmed by the kindness of a stranger, so that her family can finally be safe. And Rosario Dawson shines as the "once hot" young woman, beaten and broken by long hospital stays, anything but abandoned on the living life to find love and happiness. It is the introduction of Smith's Thomas who opens his eyes again to be a woman, a free spiritual sexual being who can just live without fear of wondering what day she will be last.
