Seven pounds, this was the movie where I was just convinced that Will Smith really goes to "I'm gonna make you cry" movies. One thing I can give him a lot of credit for, you can cry. My only thing is that moving as the story is, Will Smith has proven time and again that he can act, so why does he take this extremely depressing story? But still, it's still a good movie. I must admit that it made me cry, but I felt that the challenge was Rosario Dawson, I absolutely love this girl, ever since I saw her in the 25th time with Ed Norton, I knew this girl would go a long way . She is beautiful, charming, fun and talented, can't wait to see how much more her career is going. But her and Will Smith, not sure if they had the big chemistry that the movie needed, would have made it a good movie. Two years ago, Tim Thomas was in a car crash, which was caused by him using his mobile phone; seven people died: six strangers and his fiancee. One year after the crash, and having interrupted his work as an aviation engineer, Tim donates a lung lab to his brother, Ben, an IRS employee. Six months later, he donates part of his life to a child service worker named Holly. Then he begins to seek more candidates to receive donations. He finds George, a junior hockey coach, and donates a kidney to him, and then donates bone marrow to a young boy named Nicholas. Two weeks before he dies, he contacts Holly and asks if she knows someone who deserves help. She suggests Connie Tepos, who lives with an abusive girlfriend. Tim moves out of his house and into a local motel that takes with him his animal boxes jellyfish. One night, after being beaten, Connie Tim contacts and gives her the keys and deed to his beach house. She takes her two children and moves into their new home. Having stolen his brother's credentials and acquainted himself with his brother's name Ben, he checks candidates for his two final donations. The first is Ezra Turner, a blind vegetarian meat dealer who plays the piano. Tim calls Ezra Turner and harasses him in the workplace to check if he is quick to anger. Ezra remains calm and Tim decides that he is worthy. He then contacts Emily Posa, an independent greeting card printer who has a heart disease and a rare blood type. He spends time with her, weeding her garden and setting out his rare Heidelberg printer. He begins to fall in love with her and decides that when her condition is aggravated, he must donate. <br /> <br /> Seven pounds is a good movie and well worth a visit, I would just recommend going for the rental at the theater. Will Smith draws on a good performance but not his best, but most of the film required him to cry in every scene, but the last one with him is a doozy. But I loved the end, it was beautiful and really made you appreciate life and didn't take it for granted. There are still good people in this world, and Ben's character reminds you to appreciate life and give those who are in desperate need. Although he went a bit far, but it was still a beautiful story. <br /> <br /> 7/10
