I would strongly recommend this movie to any musical fan who has been dying to see a musical, make a faithful transition from stage to screen. Sure it's long, but it's length a testimony to how true the original musical script is. The seats and castings really make Sweet Apple, Ohio the place to be. Fosse protege Anne Reinking also does an excellent job with choreography, which gives the dancers a lovely little town, period feeling. <br /> <br /> Casting with a glance may look strange to some, but they are really qute wonderful (reading "annonymous" comments on Jason Alexander's performance made me sick). In fact, his perforamnce literally steals the show. As Albert, he mixes his own unique mix of manic nervousness with Dick Van Dyke-esque charm to create a new and improved Albert. The fact that he can dance and sing like no business does not hurt either. George Wendt is another stand out that enhances Paul Lynde's commitment to Harry McAffe by making him less manic and down to earth and rigorous. His whole character and body language screams "over my dead body". Marc Kudisch takes the Elvis aspect of Conrad Birdie to new heights with his subtle insertion of a "thank you very much" in "Honestly Sincere". However, his physical destiny goes back to the young Elvis when the bloated, blunt Conrad from the original film. The fact is that this film differs so much from the original movie (which added the character in happy faces, turtles on speed and the Russian ballet !!!) what had anything of density with the bye, bye birdie, I wonder? The only possible advantage the original version has over this is Ann Margret. Otherwise, the update is better in every way possible. Where the old version cuts many songs and increased dance breaks, there was no need for them (and for all purposes ended the movie in the middle of the game), the new version has restored the original music score and has added some good new stuff too (" A Giant Step "is a standout in that category). We know that we are living in probation times, but if you want to get your mind out of your problems and put a good face, then it is worth checking out.
