This movie is one of the best shorts I've ever seen - and as I make it a point to be at all the major film festivals, I've seen a lot, especially what the industry thinks "the best". I'm not a fan of Monaghan. His performance generally tends to be exaggerated and uninteresting to me, his only decent performance being in Lost, so I generally try to avoid his film. However, I happened to see this at a film festival a few years back and was completely confused. This director really knows what she's doing. Of course, you will get the trolls (or just ignorant people) who do not understand what constitutes a good movie and rip on low budget work because they have no idea what went into it. But fortunately, from what I have seen, they are in the minority when it comes to this gem. Let's not deny that the film worked without a budget and that a few of the supporting actors could still use work, for that is certainly true. The production value is very low, but what can you expect for a first real movie from someone in high school? Forget a moment that the budget doesn't matter. If you take a bit of the actor, the sound quality (which was actually not the filmmaker's fault, I saw this on a festival and the sound was fine ... I guarantee the one who made the DVD himself) and the fact that it was shot on mini-DV, so what are you back with? The story, the visual composition and the soul of the film, which is undoubtedly flawless. <br /> <br /> Nanavati can tell a story. So much is clear. She can write substance-heavy, engaging scripts better than most in Hollywood. Create a bullet list that perfectly compliments that story and bring it to life in a fascinating and creative way that if this higher budget would have won awards. Give it more experienced actors, better sound reproduction and 35mm instead of mini-DV, and even the trolls couldn't complain. This girl is amazing and remember that Insomniac was made well a few years ago, she has done some great work since. The trailer for Dreams of an Angel shows it and I can't wait to see the higher budget things she's done. 9/10 stars, this is a hell of a movie from a hell of a movie maker.
