First, someone mentioned here that because this was released in "limited" quantity, it means that it should be bad ... that's exactly what the "big five" Hollywood studios want everyone to think so they can "pass" or "ignore" features that are not desirable without losing face or imagining by censoring them directly. to this point, this production has been released "limited" because it is considered "unpatriotic" by some individuals. <br /> <br /> I absolutely loved this feature; I find it better than "Charlie Wilson's War" even though it is a "fictitious" account of something that never "happens", but it is always so incomplete. It goes to everyone and everyone interested or affected by today's US foreign policy "home" or "aboard". The country "turakistan" and the "emerald city" are definitely trying to look like Iraq and Baghdad as much as the company "Tamerlane" goes to "haliburton" (with Vice President Dan Aykroyd playing Dick Cheney, LOL). Seriously, not even sarcastic anymore (the main example would be how John Cusack's character deals with his depression but not only). <br /> <br /> I found that ALL characters can be related to something / some or specific stereotypes. now words of advice; If you are not politically active, especially in relation to the aspects of "globalization", you will probably not enjoy this function, as most of the content and inside "jokes" are directed to certain "personalities" that are not "visibile" for the public at daily bases ... (main exception would be Hilary Duff, who plays the well-known materialistic pop star, should I say name (S)?). in its CORE, the function is an anti-globalization period. The message was unmistakably delivered with comic revenge. Joan has a line at a time that goes like this: "And here we have a book written by you, who, about how I conquered the world and solved the problems with my father".) PRICE LOSE))) <br /> <br / > Sister and brother Cusacks play well together as always, the same as in Grosse PointeBlank. I would say a bit more "mature" .Marisa Tomeihere does not show her ass and tits to "impress" us (as she recently did in "Before the devil knows you are dead"), but instead she has a very serious role and manages to pull it out quietly. Many critics don't get it (can't do it, or won't). This is not a "regular" movie, but more of a cartoon movie. This feature stands for delivering a message and NOT getting Oscars, or getting "visual" kinds to get the viewer to buy the latest "HDTV experience" TVs ... I have noticed even in my local papers that this film becomes bad again - prospects because it is not "artistic", while PRO Iraq war movies get good thumbs up to be "balanced" apparently and "engaging". makes one wonder how much all the worldwide media is concentrated in the hands of a bunch of guys. .. I suggest that this feature will turn out to be a hit abroad so much more than it will in North America. as I mentioned before, it is all a satire on American foreign policy, and how it has been hijacked by "special interests" groups ... having the "firm" American soldier wearing the "Tamerlane" logo on his dress is pretty offensive BUT EFFECTIVE to show reality as it is, or will soon be the way things are going so far. <br /> <br /> some PRICE RETURNS: By "liberation", the country is invading commercial advertising; a hilarious scene about how future journalists are likely to gather "news" ("everything should be better, so this x-box bullocks"))); soldiers deal with their "frustration"; <br /> <br /> Generally, I do not recommend this for "conservative" or "hard core" patriots of any kind. This feature is not made to reach the people's mind "(as mainstream propaganda and commercial interests always try to do so), instead it contains a message that is well-defined for realists, and unlike some ideological goals, apparently" always "shortage to realize.
