Brand Hauser (John Cusack) is an assassin for the CIA. He is ordered to travel to the country of Turaquistan, a nation that the United States has "liberated" and kill a businessman named Omar Shariff. This is because the American conglomerate, Tamerlane, who "puts the country back together" will not stand for Shariff, an oilman from a neighboring state, and lay his own pipeline through the war-torn Turquistan. But once there, Fire runs into difficulties. One meets a particular journalist, Natalie (Marisa Tomei), who wants to tell the American public the "true" story of the area's conflict ... and of Tamerlane. But Brand is horrified to realize that Natalie's beautiful face and sharp mind immediately and unconsciously force him to lose focus on his mission. In addition, as a trade show organizer, his cover forces him to meet the country's pop-singing princess, Yonica (Hillary Duff), who gets married at the convention center. She is a young diva whose wedding events also make Brand's attention away from the upcoming murder. With other inappropriate subordinates and complications, will Brand be able to accomplish his mission, to the satisfaction of Tamerlane's BIG chief, former Vice President (Dan Ackroyd)? Good for you, John Cusack, to make this movie even if it doesn't coincide. Shots in Serbia it is a worthy look at what today Iraq should be, a country turned upside down. In a stroke, a glimpse is called the Green Zone, "The Emerald City" and appropriate, for this Oz-like neighborhood is trying to endure the war domination that takes place elsewhere in the metropolis. Cast is very fine, with Cusack doing a good job, and Tomei, Joan Cusack, Ben Kingsley, Ackroyd and others support him in style. Duff, in particular, makes a great trip as the highly acclaimed, highly-composed, potty-mouthed singer. The withdrawal of the war-torn Baghdad is so true that it hurts while costumes and other production values ​​are superior. As for the script, it is not always coherent, but it certainly has a tremendous dialogue and scenes. For example, a young Turaqui boy offers to show Brand an enemy hide, in exchange for money and sweets. Brand produces cash, but because he has no candy, the boy still burns his vehicle. Brilliant! Then the direction is not a complete success, but does not save very often. No, if you have conservative fates, you probably won't like this movie a bit. But if you have an open mind and want to see a satirical view of the "war on terror", it's a good show. Therefore, you make an effort to see it, as you will support the filmmakers who choose to make movies far away from the old studio formulas.
