On this 4th of July weekend it is warm to see the spirit of the Declaration of Independence alive and well in the movie "War, Inc." Just as our founders gave the back of their collective hand to King George III, this film reveals in hilarious craven war transgressions of the current crop of capitalist cribs, which intend to immortalize the government, to include the privatization of the war itself . <br /> <br /> Cast in this satire shines completely. John Cusack is wonderful as a droll, conflict management, and beautiful Marisa Tomei is great as his love interest. (My George, "George Costanza" was right. Marisa Tomei is so attractive!) But it's John's sister Joan Cusack who really steals the movie. Her depiction of a bossy, but at the same time sycophantic, personal assistant is invaluable, and more than once I just couldn't stop laughing at the brilliance of her performance. She not only has fantastic comic timing, her face is as expressive as you could ever wish for in an actor. Dan Ackroyd also has a short, but very effective, cameo in the movie as the leader of the company running the war, Tamerlane Corporation. When he sits on a "throne" with his pants down around his ankles, Ackroyd even looks like the ass clown who is currently occupying one of our real thrones. You don't have to think too hard to recognize that person. Much of this film was filmed in Bulgaria, and so we can see so much genuine military equipment. (You just know that the US military would never have co-operated to do this satirical exposition of war transgressions.) I especially enjoyed the character "Omar Sharif" as played by Bulgarian actor Lyubomir Neikov. In a scene where he is on the dance floor with Marisa Tomei, he has a few lines that can summarize our entire foreign policy stance on the foreign leaders we install - and uninstall - in effect. Of course, this movie won't appeal to everyone. If you believe the ongoing privatization of our foreign policy, the military, intelligence collection and analysis, prisons and correction systems, public health and a myriad of other public services is a good thing you may not find much to suffer from this movie. If you think it destroys people and countries to add to the bottom line of any company is an abomination, I think you find much to appreciate in this movie. Nothing could be more in keeping with the spirit of independence that raises well-deserved ridicule over corrupt forces as it is.
