The reason for this movie may not be extraordinary, but what makes the movie really special is its characters (and the actors who play them of course!). I will not go into the details of the movie's plot, but I would definitely like to say this here ?? This movie is not just for everyone! The movie is really witty and you have to be just as smart to get all the satires. If you are not aware for a second, you will probably miss one of the subtle points. The film is full of such seemingly trivial but witty things - like the ads that take place in the background of Turaqistan, the advertisements for the tankers (which I almost missed), and they are hilarious throughout the film. <br /> <John Cusack has played his many faceted role very effectively (what about he as co-author and producer too) and he plays his character? Hauser, the killer with a heart ?? exquisite. Cusack has done a similar role before in Grosse Pointe Blank, but his cartoon business in the movie is simply amazing. <br /> <br /> But the actor who steals the whole show is Hilary Duff! I've always been a big fan of Mrs Duff. But to be honest I was a little disappointed when I heard about the role she plays in the movie. But after watching the film, the disappointment gave great respect to her as an actor. Let's face it! The child is growing, but yes it is her talent! All the critics who shouted hes that Hilary can't act will be quiet for a while. Hilary had to play a really complex character ?? hard on the outside, another sweet child on the inside ?? and she has completed complete justice for it. She makes you laugh and she makes you cry? to cut the long story short (because I could go on raving about her forever) she is BRILLIANT! Marisa Tomei and Joan Cusack have also done a good job. Especially Joanna's hysteria is monstrous! However, I was rather disappointed that Ben Kingsley was wasted in such a small role and his performance seemed unclear. <br /> <br /> General War, Inc. Get on your toes throughout her intelligent humor and end up with just the right amount of turns in the plot. I would highly recommend this movie to anyone (and more so to Hilary Duff fans) !!! P. S. - I'm really glad to hear that the movie is going to break out of its limited release and drop in other places soon !!!
