Joshua Seftel's first film - a satire of memorable proportions - is about, just as the title suggests: Businesses influence the war. <br /> <br /> The movie is about a mercenary (John Cusack) traveling to Turaqistan (not a real country, fyi) to help the US government get their message across to Turaqistan's leaders. He meets with a reporter (Marisa Tomei) and we all know what will follow with a lonely man + a warm reporter. Somewhere in the mix, a pop star named Yonica Babyyeah is thrown in. When Yonica marries one of Turaquistan's most important people (a son of the president), a sub-plot is created where the mercenary has to look over this star, well. The movie starts with a lonely Cusack in a bar; no more than fifteen seconds later the film hangs on you. With it's entertaining and exciting insight into terrorism and politics, the movie's running time blows off you. The film has a lot more action than expected, with occasional wars, well-choreographed battles and just sporadic scenes of murder. Though the story is not very deep, it all makes up for the fact that the film is perfect for both the common man and the film critics. <br /> <br /> In the final act of the movie, the simplicity of it all becomes very hostile and jumbled. I thought it was done very well, but others may disagree and I could understand why. Twist after twist is what the end is about, and like most movies it is a true hit / miss situation. No matter what, the three writers on the film (Mark Leyner, Jeremy Pikser & John Cusack) did a great job creating a realistic and entertaining satire in today's situation abroad. <br /> <br /> Joshua Seftel does an excellent job ensuring movie integrity; Do not reduce the material to the most redundant of movies (which I was afraid of would happen). Seftel made the film as perfect as you could: he created a living atmosphere, one that both explores hard reality and comic-like fakes; - Perfectly contrasts them - and makes the film feel like you are seeing it all. Seftel really gets you involved in all actions and it pays off completely. No fault here. Hopefully he will take more vacancies, because he is a director to take care of.
