Deanna Durbin, when 14 and just under contract for MGM, made a brief function in 1936, mating her with Judy Garland, one year younger, in the first movie for both of them. Louis B. Mayer then decided that he did not need two competing young singers, put his bet on Garland and let Durbin go. Universal immediately signed Durbin, rushed her into the Three Smart Girls and rewrote the manuscript to pump up his part. She is billed last but with the typographic equivalent neon light around her name. Universal was convinced that Durbin would be a smash and they were right. Three Smart Girls are less a musical and more a screw basketball comedy, and Durbin, 15 when the film was released, wears it with aplomb. She is Penny Craig and she and her older sisters Joan and Kay are determined to save their father, who had divorced their mother, from an elegant gold digger with a hard mother. They speak the way from Switzerland, where they live, to New York City, where their father lives. They plan not only to break up on their father's wedding, but to reunite their father with their mother, who after 10 years of love love each other. Is there any doubt that Durbin will sing a song or two in his warm, delicious soprano? Nix. Is there any doubt that the girls will succeed ... with Kay and Joan finding love and marriage along the way? No again Years later, Durbin was quoted as saying that she could not continue playing little Miss Fixit forever. She was of course right, but in the Three Smart Girls, her first feature film, she has little Miss Fixit down pat. Durbin is fun, determined, resourceful, energetic and of all things natural. Her personality is so genuine that it makes this comedy - a mix of farce, confusion, good intentions and cheerful avarice - just endearing. <br /> <br /> Durbin carries the movie with ease. It is very fun to see that she is holding her courage, like Binnie Barnes as Donna Lyon, the woman with her hooks in Penny's rich father, played by Charles Winninger, who was also not beaten by spelling scenes. Alice Brady, who played the dithering matron of My Man Godfrey, plays Donna Lyons' mother, who is even more a gold digger than her daughter. The last of the farceurs obtained is Ray Milland as Lord Michael Stuart, who, by a constructed and entertaining mix-up, fails Mischa Auer. <br /> <br /> Three Smart Girls stand out as a light and entertaining comedy of manners and mixes. This makes Deanna Durbin a brand new star who, with its great success, saved Universal's bacon.
