I am surprised by the comments from posters that Jane Powell made the same type of movie Deanna Durbin did. Although they were both young soprano whose film images were designed by Joe Pasternak, if this film is any indication, they were almost polar opposites. <br /> <br /> While in three smart boys, Durbin plays an impulsive "Little Miss Fixit", which after some setbacks manages to reunite her divorced parents, in his "semi-remake", THREE DARING DAUGHTERS, destroying Jane Powell almost the marriage of her screenplayer Jeanette MacDonald and the new stiffener Jose Iturbi when she refuses to accept him and strong arms her younger siblings to reject him as well. From the Durbin and Powell movies I have seen, I would say that these diverse qualities permeate the early films of both of these talented young artists. <br /> <br /> With regard to Durbin's performance in the THREE SMART GIRLS, I find the winning and most impressive one. Although it appears from her occasionally sharp and over-emphatic lines in some of the more energetic scenes that this is an early movie to Deanna, she sees the assertive, wide-ranging, and naturally roaring way in which she delivers her lines and performs superiorly, and The bad and tender way she was projecting the more serious scenes would never guess that this was the 14-year-old girl's first movie role whose past work experience almost exclusively consisted of two years of vocal instruction. <br /> <br /> As this movie and Durbin themselves were widely publicized at the time as "Universal's Last Chance", production must have been an impossible stressful situation for a movie-maker of any age, but you 'I know It never from the ease and safety of Durbin shows on the screen. Although she still clearly develops her acting style and demeanor in front of the camera (the same goes for the early performances of much more experienced contemporaries such as Garland, Rooney, O'Connor and Jane Powell), Durbin projects an extraordinary presence and warmth on the camera is unique to Her and even here in her first film she manages to remain immensely sympathetic despite the often fast-paced her impulse, and although she is occasionally screaming, she never once performs the coy and bow qualities that hit many children's stars, including Jane Powell and some of the other young sopranos following the dome of her success. In short, like all the great singing stars, Durbin was much more than just a "beautiful voice." On the other hand, while Durbin's pure lyrical soprano is a truly remarkable and brilliant instrument, the most notable thing was that she could project her songs without the slightest bit of influence or "grandnes" killing song of vocal opera singers such as Lily Pons , Grace Moore and Jeanette MacDonald in film from the period <br /> <br /> The movie is also lovely, heavily influenced by scrubbing comedy, it backs Durbin up with a cream-de-la cream of premium screwball pros like Charles Winninger , Binnie Barnes, Alice Brady, Ray Milland and Mischa Auer. The story is light and entertaining. True, it is hardly "realistic", but why would anyone expect it? If you want: "realistic" rent WRITH WRITH or TRIUMPH OF THE WILL. On the other hand, if you are looking for a genuine, sweet, fun and entertaining family comedy with a wonderful, charismatic and gifted youth "lead" and amazing supportive players, this movie won't let you down.
