"Twelve Monkeys" is odd and disturbing, but at the same time is clever and intelligent at the same time. It skips wisely between the future and the past, and the story tells of a man named James Cole, a convicted person who is sent back to the past to obtain information on a man-made virus that destroyed $ 5 billion. Of the human population on the planet back in 1996. Initially, Cole is sent back to the year 1990 by accident, and by accident he is taken to a mental institution where he tries to explain his purpose and where he meets a psychiatrist Dr. Kathryn Railly, who is trying to help him and a patient named Jeffrey Goines, the crazy son of a famous scientist. Being provocative and somehow so sensible dealing with and between reason and madness, the film is a particular masterpiece in the history of science-fiction movies. The story is just amazing. It's so original and so entertaining. The play, written by David and Janet Peoples, is inspired by a movie called "La Jetée" (1962), which I have not seen, but I must thank the film director Chris Schöner for inspiring the authors of "Twelve Monkeys ". I read a bit about "La Jetée", it's not the same story, but it has the same idea, so it's not just a copy of it. David and Janet Peoples have transformed this great inspiration into a modernized story that tells of this urgent need for humans to find a solution to preserve human existence, and so does it in a beautiful and realistic way that it is a guaranteed exciting trip from the beginning to the end. The music used in the film is strange and somehow fun and entertaining, it doesn't really fit in until you really get it, and when you realize it's so compelling, composed by Paul Buckmaster. <br /> <br /> Terry Gilliam, whom we remember from Monty Python, as the film's director was a real surprise to me, as I really never believed him as a director type of person. I know he has made movies before, but I really couldn't believe he could do something so great. However, it should not be a surprise as he does a fantastic job. You can still feel the same amusement as in Python, but for me, the bill is pretty much flawless, although in its odd way of describing things also makes some scenes strangely disturbing. Yes, it is really weird, strange, bizarre and disturbing, so it also makes the movie a bit heavy, so the weak-minded viewers will probably find it difficult to see the film all the way through. It is not as heavy as you could imagine, but it only has those particular things that sometimes seem quite serious in their own purpose. In spite of that, the film holds this pure intelligence inside it and through flashbacks, dreams, jumps between the past and the future, it blends the whole story in a very smart way, and it doesn't even plot the part in any part, even though it needs concentration from the viewer. <br /> <br /> What's going to do well, the movie doesn't even go wrong. James Cole's role is played by the mighty Bruce Willis, who is likely to make his best role-playing yet. Now people can disagree with me when he did some fine work in, for example, "The Sixth Sense," but for me, James Cole's role was so ideal for Willis, and he does it incredibly well. The character is also very well written, but even better done. Cole begins to question his own existence, and he deals with himself and begins to question his actual life, trying to survive and finding the crucial missing piece of the puzzle. Upon adversity, he begins to lose his faith, asks if he can trust or believe in himself. Other role plays worth mentioning are performances Madeleine Stow and Brad Pitt. Stow plays the role of Kathryn Railly, the psychologist of James Cole, who sees some strange acquaintance in Cole and decides to help him deal with his madness. She somehow begins to believe Cole's story, but as a science believer, she tries to find solutions through it and tries to handle reason when it comes to incredible things. Brad Pitt is so good in the role of Jeffrey Goines and he does not yet make one of his best role playing games to date. Pitt's insane, but so far rare personality even brought Pitt an Oscar nomination for it, so I don't think I don't boast the honestly fabulous achievement for nothing. All in all, "Twelve Monkeys" is a great science-fiction experience, and it will surely be a recommendation for everyone, especially for sci-fi fans. It includes brilliant characters and great role-playing games, especially from Willis and Pitt, and an original and entertaining story that forms a plot that is so intelligent and wise. But that is what has already been mentioned strange and disruptive, and it is certain that it is interesting and witty. It is also an explosive thriller, and it also has romance in it, so it's all in the same package, making it one of the best sci-fi motion pictures I've ever seen. Through the odd yet amazing vision of Terry Gilliam, it manages to stay in balance despite the somewhat uneven yet stable trip. Hard to explain really, but that's how it is mind blowing.
