The story of this movie is truly remarkable. A virus cut loose and only 1% of humanity survived. The only thing we know now is that the animals control the country above, and there are posters everywhere that say, "The twelve monkeys did it." It was true that humanity should hide under the ground from the disease that had killed over 500 billion people. Apparently animals do not contract this disease. Day by day, the current scientist is trying to discover what type of disease has caused this; how it was created if nature had it or just a man created it. All they know is that there are a lot of animals running around a city over them. The deaths began in 1996-1997, and twelve monkeys have something to do with it. (Or at least that's what the poster says.) So a current judge named James Cole (Bruce Willis) sent as a "volunteer" to get some samples from above. After doing his volunteer work, he is asked to be sent back in time to 1996 to find out what happened to the world. Cole accepts and the story of the twelve monkeys begins. <br /> <br /> Throughout history, the time machine gets wrong sometimes, from 1990 to sometimes in the 1950s. (In the middle of a war.) Over time, traveling back and forth, it starts to beat James up in the head and it turns the story up. The whole story is very well done and I would give it a higher grade if it wasn't for the end. I didn't like the end of the movie and I was very disappointed. I had just expected a more explanatory conclusion, what had happened, but not everyone thinks this way. So I gave it an 8, but if everyone had the same opinion as I, I would give it a 6 or 7. <br /> <br /> For the whole movie's performance, I give it an A +. Bruce Willis is great for this role and he works well, but Brad Pitt is 100% outstanding. His performance is so great, he gets so well into the character. I never care for Brad Pitt until I saw him in this and Fight Club. There characters or the like in this movie he is just a little more ... crazy in this movie. So in general, I think this movie is worth checking out. For most people, it's a great science fiction movie, I just don't think it's a masterpiece.
