I can't decide if this is one of my favorite movies. It's a good thriller and has an emotional core, but I still can't decide. I really liked it. This is Terry Gilliam's first movie I've seen. My first impression? I was engaged to the end and it is not that complicated (to be confusing). The movie is set in the future. A man James Cole (Bruce Willis) sent from the future to get some information from the past (1996 to be specific). A virus killed 5 billion. People. He is sent from the future to get some information about it. Also involved here is a psychiatrist called Kathryn Railly. The love story is depicted beautifully, and you can really feel the longing for this love and long for an ordinary life. The loose ends are bound in a very interesting way at the end. One thing I liked about this movie is that, unlike other post-apocalyptic movies, the film did not prefer to give any boring social commentary and instead focused on this one guy and his longing for a regular life. "You want to see the sea, be with her" is especially an exciting line in this movie. It chooses to focus on tension and confusion in the person's mind. Therefore, it is not just after apocalyptic film, but instead it can be described as a romantic sci fi movie with themes ranging from time travel to blurry realities and so on. That's what makes this movie a special movie from the 1990s. The complex plot flows smoothly without adding too many characters. <br /> <br /> The performance is quite good. Bruce Willis surprised me here when he didn't act the hard guy here, but he did a good job of a confused man in love. His desperation in certain sequences is depicted beautifully. I'll check out his other movie. The beautiful Madeleine Stowe is a great pleasure to see. EVs Since I saw this movie, I have become so obsessed with her. She has given a great achievement to a woman who sympathizes with her patient and eventually falls in love with him. Brad Pitt is the real surprise though with his portrayal of a crazy man named Jeffrey Goines. His Oscar nominated performance is quite surprising given that he does not have many critics who have good words to him. The end is quite chilling, and that's another reason to watch the movie. The length or complexity is not that big a problem because this movie is quite fast moving and there are enough incidents to keep people interested. And any incident in this movie has a meaning and nothing is unnecessary. <br /> <br /> Good thriller 10/10
