NB: Spoilers inside. This amazing movie is "about" so many things, all with success: sci-fi time travel, unstable psychologies, dystopian society, the real mind, gradual subversion of belief systems, worldwide bioterrorism and a growing love story. <br /> <br /> The explanations in the twisted timeline of history encourage many heated debates - witness the discussions within this site; or as an extreme, see the thesis at www.mjyoung.net/time/monkeys.html. Whew! Such a time weighting speaks mostly to the brilliant plot that comes from the amazing work of writers David and Janet Peoples, not to mention the inspiration of Chris Marker's "La Jetee". Undoubtedly, this is one of the most successful, fascinating time-traveling movies ever perceived. But there are many other levels spoken here. The movie's true genius is to focus on the unpleasant side effects of time travel in James Cole's mind (Bruce Willis doing his best work here). His journey progresses from the gung-ho vaccine-hunting warrior to the gradually unhinged victim ?? and back again. The second broad sweep of history increasingly emphasizes the personal story between James and Dr. Kathryn Railly (the wonderful Madeleine Stowe). I love the simultaneous changing / opposite views of these two characters. For me, everything comes to mind in the fleabag hotel room scene. At this point, James ?? once seized by an inaudible provision ?? now in complete doubt about his own reality; while Dr. Railly ?? the cold and rational scientist ?? has finally been wildly convinced, having absorbed James' evidence, of his terrible predictions. Her desperation to get to James and hang on to the mission shows how far she has come. <br /> <br /> Gilliam makes us aware of these characters, especially through the excitement of tensions that crush their lives. The balance between emotional rollercoaster and mounting sci-fi puzzle / thriller is exquisite. And denouement at the airport is heart-poundingly intense because we see it coming so clearly through James dreams. It is here, right after James has decided to end the whole mess ?? and struggling with his madness more than ever? that he returns to the plate and does what is necessary for humanity. See Jose and the gun ?? (Just before this, the references to Hitchcock's "Vertigo" and identity link / confusion are brilliant.) This is a movie to be carved between thinking people; It does not only last for repeated prospects, it requires them. "Twelve Monkeys" are intelligent, provocative, bizarre, fun and exciting things. The support supports are excellent, especially Brad Pitt steals all his scenes and shows great flexibility like Jeffery Goines, crazy and pampered, but ever survivors. And there is David Morse as Dr. Peters (interesting how the movie simply leaves the viewer his evil motivation) and Christopher Plummer as Dr. Goines. But the greatest accolades belong to Terry Gilliam, who surpasses here - just barely - his excellent "Brazil". (Many parallels, of course, especially the lonely champion trying to escape his crumbling environment: lunacy in, lunacy without.) Every frame of this movie has its unique stamp and tone. The soundtrack is also fantastic. <br /> <br /> This is one of the great achievements of the 90s, a true favorite of mine, and certainly for a long time to come.
