Normally, I try to avoid Sci-Fi movies as much as possible, because it's just not a genre that really appeals to me. Light saber, UFOs, foreigners, time travel ... most of it is not for me. There is, however, a movie in the genre that I will always give somewhere in my list of top films, and this is the "Twelve Monkeys". I remember being completely blown away by the first time, but even now having seen it several times already, I'm still one of its biggest fans. Every time I see it, this movie seems to be getting better and better. <br /> <br /> Somewhere in the distant future, all humans live underground because an unknown and deadly virus destroyed five billion people in 1996 and left only 1 percent of the population alive. James Cole is one of them. He is a prisoner living in a small cage and chosen as a "volunteer" to be sent back in time to obtain information on the origin of the epidemic. They think it was scattered by a mysterious group called The Twelve Monkeys and needed the virus before it mutated so scientists could study it. But their time machine does not work perfectly yet, and he is accidentally sent to 1990 when he meets dr. Kathryn Railly, a psychiatrist and Jeffrey Goines, the crazy son of a famous scientist and virus expert ... <br /> <br /> What I like so much about this movie is that it is never clear if all you looks are real or not. Is it just an illusion created in a mentally ill man, or is it really? Will he really come from the future, and can he really travel through time? Was the population really wiped out by a virus released by the Army of the Twelve? These are all questions that leave you wondering from the beginning to the end. If the decision makers in this movie had chosen to make it clearer, I am sure I would never have liked it as much as I did now. It's just the mystery that keeps me interested again and again. But of course this is not the only good thing about this movie. The action is also fantastic. Usually I'm not too much a fan of Bruce Willis, but what he did in this movie was just amazing. Along with Madeleine Stowe and Brad Pitt, he should have won numerous awards for it, along with the amazing story they made this movie so incredibly good. Even after several shows, I'm still a big fan of this movie. Apart from this movie, I've only seen another Terry Gilliam movie, and it's "Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas", which wasn't bad, but didn't convince me either. But it is this movie that really makes me look forward to his second job. I give it a 9/10, maybe even a 9.5 / 10.
