Terry Gilliams and David Peoples' joined forces to create one of the most intelligent and creative science fiction films of the 90s. People have shown a manuscript with bizarre phrases and amazing ideas of the nature of time? I especially love the idea, one cannot change the past; It's a nice counterpoint to so many time-running movies that say otherwise? biological holocausts and the thin line between coziness and madness. Gilliam visualized her ideas with unique quirkiness, perfection and originality. The story itself is engaging: a man, James Cole (played by Bruce Willis in a heart warming performance) travels several decades to the past to retrieve information about a virus that has wiped out humanity and left only a few survivors alive underground: with the information He gathers, researchers hope to find a cure so that everyone in the future can return to the surface. But because their time-driving technology is not perfect, he ends up being sent to various other past and complicated things. And from there follows a brilliant science fiction thriller with shades of film noir as the many pieces of a huge jigsaw that begins to fit together to form a bizarre tale involving animal-right activists, the end of millennium paranoia, biological weapons, the reality of The reality and the definition of sanity. With such a complex movie, it was easy for Gilliam and people to create a mess, but instead, Twelve Monkeys is a thoughtful tale that will satisfy those who like to be challenged and patiently appreciated some crazy ideas. <br /> <br /> I saw this movie once about 10 years ago. It marked me a lot: I still remember thinking many days after the departments; for my young mind it seemed quite crazy and it was one of the first films that made me appreciated at cinema as something serious and important. I've been re-monitoring this movie a few days ago on DVD, and it's better than I remembered it. Brad Pitt still steals all the scenes he is in, plays Jeffrey Goines ?? almost a prelude to his Tyler Durden character in Fight Club ?? a nice kid with some anarchist / non-compliant ideas who are also crazy and, according to Cole, perhaps responsible for the virus. The scenes between Jeffrey and Cole in madhouse are the best in the movie, Pitts eyes, voice and quirky mannerisms convince you that he really is a crazy guy locked in a combed logic, he only understands. Pitts Oscar nomination was well deserved! Surprisingly, Bruce Willis's performance was: his I didn't remember very well, but it's beautiful and full of sensation; He plays a man who spent almost all his life underground, and when he comes to the past, he shares his childhood fascination with something as simple as drawing fresh in the morning or watching the sun rise. Cole is a rather ambiguous character, people have tried to bend something dark in him, and he does other disturbing things to other people and to himself: The scene where he removes his own teeth reveals how far his dementia has gone uncontrollably . Ironically, Cole did not begin to be a crazy character, but when he begins to warn everyone about the end of the world, he is considered too sour and convinced that it is all in his mind until he comes to a point where he cannot distinguish past from the future, reality from fiction. Willis spends a lot of time looking confused and insecure, and it seems perfect. One of the funny words in the story is when Cole shrinks, Dr. Kathryn Railly, finds indisputable evidence that he is truly from the future, and now he must convince him again of his mission to save the world. The play is filled with strange phrases like this, and it keeps the movie at a fast pace. Their relationship is also well-behaved, but perhaps slightly compressed for the time being. But I enjoyed watching Cole and Railly fall in love and try to escape the authority of the future to live a peaceful life in the past. But then things end in a tragic / bittersweet climax at an airport that wraps all the pieces together, which will blow away many minds. <br /> <br /> There are two major finishes in this movie, a twist in the Se7's or Fight Club's feelings, and a more intimate ending where Railly sits next to Cole who's just shot and looked for a younger James Cole who testifies of his future self-death; the two share a brief look and she smiles at him. Twist is brilliant, but I prefer this end for emotional impact. Madeleine Stowe is a very good player. Railly, she draws many different feelings from me in her performance. The film is filled with a sense of fatalism with the idea that the past cannot be changed: this film shows it in a frightening way. It reminds me of Chinatown in that sense, the way Jake Gittes destroys everything, the more he tries to help. Railly's character shares the fatalism, the more she tries to help Cole ?? first deal with his 'madness' and then help him with his mission ?? The more they are sucked into tragedies. The twist ends with a hopeful note, but with the feeling, Cole's mission has not been in vain. Twelve Monkeys is a great movie to see if you want to be entertained It should not be art, although it is more artists than many artistic films. It's an unpretentious movie where all elements, from music to editing to costume design, etc. Come together beautifully to produce a modern cinema masterpiece.
