Without a doubt, 12 MONKEYS is one of the best films in the Sci-fi genre, and director Terry Gilliam is no stranger to pulling out such cinematic originality. An apocalyptic film that keeps you completely bound to the game, 12 MONKEYS never lets up and has you guessing all the way through. Excellent use of Philadelphia sites and netherworld sets creates a Gothic sense of tragedy and two people caught in time in the wrong place. Bruce Willis escapes his macho image and portrays a true loony that happens to be right about all that will happen. He is actually sane, but the people of the future (or present if you want to) distort this guy's head so badly through time travel, not so strange that he unravels. He is sent to World War I just after being sent to the wrong year to find out how the Army of the Twelve Monkeys draws the destruction of civilization as we know it. They finally get it right, and in what really is a remarkable script matching the show, we'll see Willis, Madeleine Stowe and a vicious Brad Pitt cross-referenced in 6 years. <br /> <br /> Stowe is sensual and solid as risk taking shrinks, which slowly begins to realize that Willis may not be as cracked as he thinks. A captivating element in the relationship between her and Willis is their sense of "seeing" each other before, at another place or time. 12 MONKEYS is essentially about time and the madness that futuristic people are immersing themselves in and the present times when murderers and a psychotic genius can change the world. <br /> <br /> The burning city of Philadelphia is a dark and gothic backdrop for Willis's situation to complete his mission, which is against all the usual Hollywood stereotypes, NOT to save the world. He collects information. The movie also plays tricks on the viewer and places Willis in a new setting at the pin of a founder. This must have been a very difficult picture to do, but Gilliam seems to be the driver of hard-boiled filmmaking. He even falls into some humor reminiscent of other great works such as TIME BANDITS and BRAZIL. The screen is this man's canvas, and he knows how to paint a sometimes frightening image of the world and its possible future within the general atmosphere of large budget film. If you want sincere madness and ironic tragedy, see 12 MONKEYS. <br /> <br /> RATING: 9 or 10
