Stories of the possibility of a post-apocalyptic future have existed for years, since the very creation of science fiction as a genre in itself. The fact that today's society is responsible for what can become of the future in the next morning, and that our own abuses and refusals to see what is before the eyes is at the center of all those stories, whether they are good or bad. <br /> <br /> Of course, Terry Gilliam is a natural for this kind of movie. He gives the film a decadent feeling all the time, shows a society running ragged by its own profits and creating a sense of impending tragedy despite having comedy moments. His world, the world where TWELVE MONKEYS exhibits, is a place where the madman runs wild, where cities collapse in dirt and neglect, with all series of vanities despite the brightness of the opening sequence, where madness awakens in every corner. This is a very dark movie, but his very best, most linear (despite the plot twisting that stops during the investigation), and one that gets better with repeated views. <br /> <br /> A tragic event where a deadly virus was released to mankind in 1996 and thus led to the extinction of life on the planet that we have known. It leads to future scientists trying to make changes to change the fate of humanity on earth by hiring redundant citizens - foam of the earth - as guinea pigs to go back in time, among them a James Cole (stressed to the great effect of Bruce Willis). Cole could be any person. We don't know anything about him, but somehow it doesn't matter because he's a little more than one of many consumable volunteers and hints of his character sneaking later as he gets closer to fulfilling his mission. What we know is that he is a man who dreams and his dreams may have been a reality: he may have already been at the 1996 event. <br /> <br /> It is this constant sense of deja vu that keeps popping up throughout the movie. When he was taken to a mental department in 1990, he meets Jeffrey Goines (blown up by Brad Pitt, Oscar nominee here) who spontaneously speculates about death and destruction, and later, Cole thinks he has seen Goines in his recurring dream as a man pushes a boy aside as he flies ... what? He does not know. Later, he meets a psychologist, Kathryn Railly (Madeleine Stowe), and one of her first reactions to him is that he is crazy and that she has seen him before. This becomes an ongoing performance throughout his participation in this story from passive / resilient to active and even a little crazy belief that Something Terrible comes in this way, especially when she meets him six years later: she has previously seen Cole. At the same time, Cole continues to tell about a dream he continues to have, where she also plays a role as a blonde woman running down the street, shouting for help after shots have ripped out and a certain red-haired man in a Ponytail (Jeffrey Goines?) Has apparently escaped, not before pushing the little boy who is an innocent criminal. The questions arise: Have these events taken place? Should they happen? Who is really part of this, or better yet - are everyone, down to the smallest player, part of a larger plot? Or is this all a trick in the time when Time itself is a big conveyor that shows repetitions of events that slide over and over again? <br /> <br /> These questions are formulated in a masterful sequence containing key scenes by Alfred Hitchcock's masterpiece VERTIGO, where Madeleine Elster / Judy Barton provides for her own short existence ("You haven't noticed it," she as Cole and Railly watch from their seats in the cinema they are hiding in). Dialog boxes from VERTIGO form a foil for the dialogue between Railly and Cole and later, when Cole awakens to have apparently turned off in the theater and looking for Railly, he comes face to face with her in disguise (looks almost straight like Eva Maria Saint from NORTH BY NORTHWEST) as the bulge Bernard Herrmann score plays the appearance of Judy Barton, dressed as Madeleine Elster. It's a fascinating sequence, more because of the most unlikely occurrence of the actors' names in both films: Madeleine Stowe plays Kathryn Railly, who drones a blonde wig and gray trench coat and calls herself "Judy Simmons" while helping a "mad" man named James Cole; James Stewart plays a detective trying to help "mad" Madeleine Elster, who will later appear not once, but twice, first as a brunette Judy Barton and later as Madeleine. Action and re-enaction, play and re-play.
