Just fun, I rented 12 Monkeys the other day because I'm a big Bruce Willis fan and I heard some things about the movie. Some good and some bad, but it was one of those movies you had to pay attention to every second, so I was a little worried. Just because I felt for a moment if it were to be one of the movies I had to see several times to get. But I saw it last night, and I was really impressed, this movie had everything in it: action, drama, sci-fi, history, dark humor and even a little romance. The actors all did a great job, I give a lot of credit to Bruce, during his stage in the car with his psychiatrist, he really got me. But Brad Pitt, I'm just amazed at how much of a good job he did. He didn't do his character, which was crazy, and just made it work and was extremely credible. The story was just scary but very good and a wake-up call. <br /> <br /> James Cole is a man in the future where a virus broke out in the past and killed 5 billion people and only 1% of the population survived including him. Animals now control the earth while humans are down, but scientists send James to the past of 1990 (really means sending him to '96) to find out about virus information. James is put in a mental institution that meets his new psychiatrist, Dr. Kathryn Raily and another mental patient, Jeffrey Goines. He tells them the future, of course no one believes in him, he goes back to the future. But the scientists are sending him back to the right year when the doctor was kidnapped by James, but he tells her more and believes in him. Now they are ready to prevent the virus from ever happening. 12 Monkeys was an incredible movie. As I said, the story was so scary because it is not hard to believe that we are not far from what is happening. But the whole movie was just amazing, cast, sets, just the whole picture was a great one. It had a Terminator type feel to it where we might lose something valuable one day even if we didn't listen to others. What's right and what's wrong? Who knows? But I would highly recommend 12 Monkeys, it's a great movie that if you give it the right chance, I'm sure you enjoy it. <br /> <br /> 9/10
