Terry Gilliam's amazing twisted story of a virus that destroys all but a handful of people across the Earth and forces them to move underground, and the man is sent back in time to obtain information about it, is a fantastic, dizzying and highly stylized film that boasts Bruce Willis' best performance ever. What sets 12 Monkeys apart from most time-traveling sci-fi movies is that Bruce Willi's character is actually about what the psychological effects of time travel are, ie not knowing what reality is the real reality: the place the time traveler coming from or going to. Also, the film recognizes that things that have past cannot be changed and that the prevention of a disaster event, in this case the release of the virus, cannot be stopped or altered. As Willis claims, "It has already happened," while at a mental hospital, is the great dilemma the film enters into, not a thinly exaggerated plot to save the world; instead, it is Willis' inner struggle to simply survive himself. It is a new, innovative concept, and it works beautifully thanks to a tense script written by Peoples and Gilliam's unique dementia democracy. In addition, 12 Mones storytelling is completely non-linear and instead chooses to distort and bend the way the story is told, and with a variety of time sequences incorporating flashbacks, dreams, memories, present, past, future and even a scene that is lifted out by Hitchcock's Vertigo. Everyone serves to enclose the viewer to his disturbing cacophony of madness and in vain. <br /> <br /> Visually, Gilliam is a master of desolate shadow and shadow rivals Tim Burton in his strikingly despondent scenery and imagery. With cold, broad and immersive film art, Gilliam stains into the colorless surroundings and darkness of his characters. The scenes are often bathed in a strange antiseptic, dead white and as a contrast to the often inverted madness characters. Performance Path, Brad Pitt steals most scenes, fills them with a patented loony, off-the-wall performance that earned him an Oscar nomination. As mentioned, Bruce Willis gives his career its best performance, and does not go back to his heroic clichés and cardboard hero and instead shows Cole as a simple, exciting, tragic everyman. Just as well, Madeline Stowe is the Willis psychologist. She keeps herself and injects her character with both wild energy and strength as she collapses under the weight of what she is going to believe is a false "religion." <br /> <br /> Gilliam's expert, overwhelming and complex handling of what could have been a routine action / sci-fi movie makes 12 Monkeys a compelling vision of a nightmare, futuristic landscape. Its rich, well-thought-out, intricate history along with bravado performances from all over cast and its brutal, gloomy cinematography makes it a masterpiece of madness. Location in my top 10 at all times, 12 Monkeys is a dark sumptuous play of a movie with shine. <br /> <br /> 10 out of 10
