A fascinating bold film weaves the seemingly effortless camera work with some amazing casting and an explosive soundtrack to plot the damaging effects of the crime and corruption of the Santiago underworld on 2 naive young brothers from the southern city of Temuco. <br /> <br /> Film debut Daniella Rios is the seductive erotic dancer Gracia, who works in the nightclub, owned by the new mini-wave in Chilean film production, Alejandro Trejo. The older brother, bravely played by Nestor Cantillana, is easily convinced to become Trejo's leading hands after a night at the strip club to celebrate the younger brother's Victor (Juan Pablo Miranda) seventeenth birthday. From the creation of this opening scene, the film explodes into neo-noir exploration of everything that the outside world does not normally expect to see in this country as stereotypically conservative and Catholic. <br /> <br /> Gracia's charm of seduction attracts the three men as bees to honey, although the three-year fantasy romance circular narrative is about the linear depiction of major international drug deals between Trejo's men and Gringo, Eduardo Barril. Power relations become a crucial theme, as community outsiders merge into a mini-family. The prostitute has an exotic spelling of all the Chilean men in the movie, deriving from its ambiguous position on the periphery of society, and is seen as the key to all three men's futures. The relationship between Trejo and Cantillana becomes important as the boys' parents are cautious about their absence (assuming they are still living in Temuco). Therefore, it is Trejo, el padrino who 'adopts' Cantillana, and effectively 'makes him' as a man in the city. Miranda quickly becomes the desperate outsider, as his dependence on his "grandfather", Cantillana, is becoming increasingly strained by jealousy over the beautiful Gracia. However, Miranda remains trapped by the limitation that he is still in school - he relies on Cantillana, who is dependent on Trejo, for the money to survive. Trejo is again under the thumb of the 'Gringo, and his wealth has been accumulated through drug deals and also his strip clubs. Gracia, as a time bomb, is considered a beautiful firework, she wraps a beauty site inside the patriarchy, but the trunk can only lead to a climax. As the tensions on these power relations come to mind, Gracia remains ambiguously unclear. The viewer is never sure which male figure she will commit to. The movie ends tragically and explosively in a shoot out, adjusting power relations and deleting half of the great male protanganists. The final shot of Miranda's beaten face, moving down the PanAmericano highway, is desperately overwhelmed. The boy has been sucked in by the lure in the city's underworld, but has lost his only visible family and his wife, who is his only friend in the movie. He has nothing. The overall metaphors are brave and courageous. This is a gangster movie in Chile. The concept of family, no sex before marriage, etc. Abolished, and instead the hard realities on the other side of Santiago's pattern appear in all their wild glory. Trejo beat Rios brutally, Rios and Miranda love in a cinema-free room - a whore who has sex with a minor she hardly knows. "Gringos" is seen as having an economic hold over this small Latin American nation, but not through the copper mines, through the illegal path of drugs. <br /> <br /> In its presentation of this dark underworld, Waissbluth's triumph raises so many social issues, perhaps more than the record breaking successful Sexo Con Amor, in a smooth, smooth firecracker of a movie that puts this film stuck with Sexo Con Amor, Taxi Para Tres and El chacotero Sentimental, as cinematic evidence that Chile is good and truly artistic living and kicking in the post-transition period 15 years after censorship of the military regime.
