Director / author Andrés Waissbluth worked seven years to complete this two-hour film about the crime of underground in Santiago, Chile. This is perhaps one of the reasons why the resulting movie works episodically and needs editing. OR, maybe it is an instructor who shows a nice sense of film noir tale. <br /> <br /> Two brothers - Silvio Elder (Néstor Cantillana) and Victor the younger (Juan Pablo Miranda) - have moved to Santiago from their home in Temuco after their parents' death, and Silvio is working to support Victor's education . On Victor's seventh birthday, Silvio takes the maid out to the clubs, inviting Victor to lose his virginity with one of the club's strippers / prostitutes. In a dark scene, Victor faces his growing impotence, while Silvio is out on the club floor that impresses the 'owners' with the potential to rent. <br /> <br /> Silvio goes to work for the 'gang' as bodyguard / henchman and makes good money to support Victor's schooling. But Victor has eyes for one of the dancers at the club called Gracia (Antonella Ríos) and begins to awaken her and get out of school and incur Silvio's anger disappointment. Gracia just happens to be pressured by club leader Don Pascual (Alejandro Trejo), who is Silvio's boss! Gracia is the glue that holds this story together as she is Victor, Silvio and Don Pascual, and the consequences of this bizarre ménage a trois have fatal results. Through a means of telling the story through the eyes of Victor, Silvio and Gracia, we grow to understand the vulnerabilities and cracks of each character that allow for the downfall that results. <br /> <br /> Sounds like a Chilean pulp fiction? Well it is and it is filmed in a brutally colorful, dark way that contains a lot of frontal nudity (both female and male) and provocative sexual encounters. But in the end, the sensual aspect of the director's vision is what drives this movie and plays on the debutante virgins' psyche against the hardcore professional sex worker successfully. The cast is quite strong, especially Antonella Ríos in Gracia's demanding role. There are enough phrases and repetitions of events you think you understood the first view, but it changes dramatically in influence when told through the eyes of another character. By going for two hours, some bad edits would have helped the movie's impact. In Spanish with English subtitles. Recommended for those who like the edgy movie noir style and the art of the South American cinema. Grady Harp
