I hadn't seen this movie for probably 35 years, so when I recently noticed that it would again be on television (cable) again for the first time in a very long time (it's not available on video), I made sure I Did not miss it. And, unlike so many other movies that seem to lose their brilliance when finally seen again, I found the visual images of "Marines Pride" as vibrant and effective as I first remembered. What makes this movie so special, anyway? <br /> <br /> Everything. Based on the true story of Al Schmid and his other naval machine spy crew in the Battle of the Tenaru River at Guadalcanal in November 1942, the manuscript remains 95% true to the book on which it was based, "Al Schmid, Marine" by Roger Butterfield varying only enough to meet time constraints of a movie image. This is not a typical "war movie" where the action is central and the war scene is actually a short 10 minutes in the middle of the movie. But it is a memorable 10 minutes recorded in the lower light that is possible to depict a night fight, and is without the mock heroics or falsity that usually plagues the genre. In a way, probably before his time, the natural drama of what happened there was more than sufficient to convey the brutal, ugly, brutal character of the battle, and probably the shocked audience, as it was seen right after the war. This film is not about "glorious" war; I can't imagine anyone seeing that battle scene and wanting to use the service. Not immediately, anyway. What this film really is about is the sequel of struggle and where damaged men can learn to resume their lives. There is an excellent hospital scene where a dozen men discuss this and I feel that this is another reason why the film was so well received - it was exceptionally well-written. There is a "dream sequence" performed in reverse (negative film) that seems almost experimental, and the play is also strongly led by John Garfield. Garfield was perfect for the role because his natural temperament and Schmids were almost the same, and Garfield met Schmid and even lived with him for a while to learn as much as he could about the man and his role. The actors don't do much more, but are added to the equation, it's just another reason why this movie succeeds in telling such a difficult and uninteresting story.
