In the area of ​​movies based on screenplays from another area (or whatever the title of the Oscar is), "Holes" has credibility. I think it's better to get the author to create the script because the author is the creator of the material. If the writer cannot write a play to save their lives, then the author and a person who is fluently talented in screenwriting have created it. Apart from that, this review is about "Holes". <br /> <br /> The reasons start here and a spoiler may be inside. (1) Louis Sachar is an excellent writer and it turns out he can write a script. I watched the movie and then read the book, and both did not run incoherence or stupidity. Some people only have natural talents that can transcend media. (2) The best prize goes to Shia LaBeouf for his main character. He "dug" himself into the role. I wanted to see his character justified before the conclusion. (3) Andrew Davis was blocked to blow up a little. This is the man who made Harrison Ford run hard and run fast. He can also make Steven Seagal smash some heads. With regard to this film, he made Shia and the rest of the boys dig some holes. In other words, he can make an "action-packed" movie and do well, though "action" is not the most important genre, is not "action". (4) My other favorite performance goes to Jon Voight as Mr. Sir. Sometimes a goofy role gives the best in a performer. When Voight pronounced the line "Once upon a time ..." I must have laughed for half a minute because it was so much fun. He is capable of comedy, and he should investigate a few roles that allow him to practice that talent. (5) Tim Blake Nelson is very solid when he gets a solid script. This is probably the second best role I have seen him (other only for 'O Brother Where Art Thou?'). (6) I love the choice of movie options. I didn't know California was so dry or so barren. I think population and area figures can both be misleading. (7) The overall look of the movie made me want another bottle of water. One could only imagine digging a hole in the rugged area for half a day. (8) The rest of the throw should deserve a box of Kudos bars too. Sigourney Weaver, Henry Winkler, Khleo Thomas, Jake M. Smith and the rest of the bill were dropped because of their talents and it sounded very good. Great cast though it was everywhere near the ensemble. (9) I like a movie that doesn't explain anything right away. When Stanley got the bell in the head with the baseball clips, it made me want to see how weird the events could get, and it is an important ingredient in making a good movie. (10) Disney Pictures (not Touchstone, DISNEY !!) should make a few of these mature juvenile films. It was tasteful to me and I am a college student. The last mature juvenile Disney movie I saw was "Something Wicked This Way Comes" and "Holes" may exceed that (as the 2000 election, it's still close to calling). Disney can do greatness if they decide to expand this genre and keep the art of thinking about milking a cash cow when they see it. Ten reasons give a score of ten! All in all, "Holes" is one of my favorite Disney movies and probably one of the best this year (awarded this movie must not be an Oscar material, but the one that said Oscar material is the best material?). Regarding being a movie from a book I've read, this is behind "Fight Club" on my list (which is at the top). To be a movie I saw in 2003, this is in the top five (somewhere behind the "Mystic River"). Compared to "Harry Potter", Stanley Yelnats easily takes a shovel to Harry's head and brings the final death with a smelly sneaker to Potter's nose. Everyone should watch this movie because it both informs and entertaines. Here ends my rant!
