And I'm serious! Really one of the most amazing movies I've ever had the pleasure of watching. What is so wonderful is that very rarely becomes a good book for a movie that is not only good but, if possible, better than the novel it was based on. Maybe in the case of the Lord of the Rings and Trainspot, but it is a rare occurrence. But I think the fact that Louis Sachar was involved from the beginning helped lots, so the movie sticks close to the story, but takes it even further. This movie has many elements that make it what it is: <br /> <br /> 1. A unique original story with a good mix of fun and humor, but a mature edge. 2. brilliant actors Adults and children, these actors know how to bring the story to life and deliver their lines of excitement and style without going overboard, which sometimes happens with children movies. 3. Magnificent nature. And it does not matter whether it is genuine or CGI, the setting is in itself a masterpiece. I especially love the image of the holes from a bird's eye view. 4. A talented director who breathes into the book and makes it a technicolor genius. The transitions in time work well and capture the stable climax of the book, leading up to the turns of the entire film. 5. Louis Sachar! The guy who made me read a book nonstop from start to finish so I couldn't put it down. He makes sure the script is stuck in the book with new bits added to make it even better. 6. And talk about the manuscript! The Enlines in this are smart, funny and unpatronic. But there are also parts to make you smile, make you cry and draw on your heart strokes to make you love this story more and more. 7. Beautiful soundtrack. There is not a song in this movie that I have not fallen into, and that is something that I think should be a punk rocker. The songs link well to the story and add extra jazz to the movie's overall style. If you are going to buy the movie, I recommend that you also buy the audio track, especially for "If Only", which centers the story and contains the choir from the book. <br /> <br /> I don't work For those people who made Holes by the way, I'm just a fan, plugging my favorite movie and giving it the review it deserves. If you haven't seen it, do it. Now. This moment. Go!
