Hole is a fate of the past and the way it affects today's life of at least three people. One of those I will mention, the other two are mysteries and will remain so. Holes is a story about Stanley Yelnats IV. He is unlucky in life. In fact, unfortunate characterizes the fate of most of the Yelnat men and has since been exploited by Stanley IV's no good-dirty-rat-pig-stealing-great grandfather. 'These special exploits cursed the family's men for many a fake trip. It is during such a trip that we meet Stanley IV. He has been wrongly accused of stealing a pair of baseball shoes, freshly donated to a homeless shelter auction, by a famous baseball player. He gets the opportunity for prison, or he can go to a character building school. "I've never been to camp before," says Stanley. Thus, the judge enthusiastically sends him to Camp Green Lake. Camp Green Lake is a weird place with a strange philosophy: "If you take a bad boy, he gets you digging a hole every day in the hot sun, it will make him a good boy." We learn this little wisdom gem from Mr. Sir (John Voight) one of the camp's 'counselors'. We immediately get the impression that he is a dangerous man, at least he bears his attitude; he does not believe he is good. Mr Pendanski (Tim Blake Nelson) is quite different, acting as part of the caring counselor, but he is quicker, faster than anyone else empowered to release the most gruesome verbal barbs by his charges. for the migrant, but apart from that she is a mystery, these three pieces of Camp Green Lake, a place that has no lake, it is just a dry dusty desert filled with holes, five meters deep and five meters wide. , seems to only be vultures and dangerous toxic yellow plaques Green Lake seems to be a haunted place in many ways. Holes works in spite of the strange frame and the strange story because it understands people. Especially because it's honest in the way it's about the inmates of Camp Green Lake. The movie captures the way boys interact with each other perfectly. It captures the way boys can bully each other, the way they can win admiration, the way they fight each other, and the way boys ally along the age line. It is this well-known core that makes everything else in the film credible. What is also refreshing about this movie is the good character of the protagonist. He does not believe in a family curse, he is not bitter about the infamous exploitation of his "no-good-dirty-rat-pig-stealing-best-grandfather". In fact, he loves to hear the story. Stanley IV is not bitter about the past and determined not to make it affect him in the way it has affected his father and grandfather. There is sometimes a lot of sadness in the movie, but not very arousing angsty silliness. And it's refreshing. Holes is an intelligent, insightful and witty family film. It entertaines and not in any cheap way. It's not a comedy, even if it has its laugh. It dares to be convincing how many family films tend to play it safely and conventionally. As such, it surpasses the family movie generation and simply becomes a good movie that anyone can enjoy. I give it a 10.
