Gruveyman2 (comment below) You are a complete idiot ... blinded by the ignorance of the city to which you have allegiance. It is the arrogant arrogance that you ironicly claim that the film radiates on SF, which makes you seem like the typical LA A ** hole! The only reason you felt the movie was so self-satisfied with SF because you're jealous. Of course you don't know it because you're so LA shaken. First of all, the film was quite factual about a beautiful city; what has been filmed there and what has been filmed by some of its more famous locals. It doesn't say anything bad about LA; and these executive directors choose to live in a beautiful city over LA. They acknowledge that they went to the film school in LA and are of course proud of that fact. They recognize that SF is close to LA, which is an advantage. The only negative that was said relates to LA, was about the study leaders. The same study campaigns that hated these movie films when they first saw them, but the same films continued to be huge worldwide grossing movies. So why wouldn't they have hostility to the studio board and studio system? These are the only people they are trying to "separate from" and for good reason! Don't be so sensitive! How can you say that Francis Ford Coppola is the so-called San Francisco director? How should he not be considered? And who controlled The Godfather? Coppola did. It was his vision that told the story on the screen that won it for a best prize. So what gave him the job? He admits in the documentary that he wouldn't even make the movie .... so what's your point? And then what if Sophia wants to live in LA? And that shows your opinion, how? And tell me how they are not completely independent when funding many of their own films. Movies that are now considered classics. And when they made films from study finance, one, it was LA who came to them and said we want you to make those pictures and two, they spent the money they made from making those photos finance their own. They said exactly that in the movie. "Your bitchy and congratulations with congratulatory whining would take an air of greater self-respect and credibility if you never set foot on the ground, you claim to be better than in this movie." How in hell can "bitchy-ness" and "self- congratulation "suddenly have an" air "of self-respect and credibility .... if they never go to LA again? What a silly and pointless comment! You put in some big words in there .... and just don't know how to use them! And by the way, they never claimed or implied that they were superior to LA! So what if they give a guy from New York a price in LA ... again what the hell is your point? So, if they go to LA or New York, are they the hypocrites by simply preferring to live in SF? You make no sense. <br /> <br /> San Francisco is proud of itself and its heritage and the people who do what it is today. This film focused only on one aspect ... filmmaking. In order for you to take time and write such unpleasant comments about the city (not the movie! But the city and its people) only show what it is we Northern California hates about people from LA! THIS IS A GREAT DOCUMENTER ... VERY INTERESTING, SPECIAL, IF YOU ARE FROM THE BAY AREA ... BUT RECOMMEND IT TO EVERYONE.
