The trick to creating a good, solid mystery story is as much a matter of timing as it is about plot contracts, colorful characters or surprising twists. Anyone who has ever worked in frustration with an unfinished Sunday New York Times crossword puzzle knows that any puzzle that takes too long to resolve ceases to be fun. The best killing secrets, whether on film or in print, are small issues that come to the point, spell out their tracks, quit their suspects and hopefully sabotage us with some surprises; Be complicated without being terribly confusing. And they play fair; On the second, third and fourth views of the clues and the red herring, we should just as well be wondering how well it all comes together as we first surprised. In fact, good thrillers should get better at repetitive views as we expect the double and triple crosses. Sidney Lumet's comedy thriller DEATHTRAP, which is derived from Ira Levin's hit Broadway game, is a good example. It moves along with a tidy clip that has finished juggling its tracks, is almost honest with us (even when it lies to us) and yet never reveals where it goes (even when it tells us where it can go). It is less a murder mystery movie in the traditional shovels than it is a film about murder mysteries derived from a playwriting game. Instead of going backwards - a murder and then an investigation to explain why everything happened - DEATHTRAP leads us through the crime step by step and provides ample room for the unexpected; as the ads advise it is less a "whodunit" than a "who'lldoit." <br /> <br /> DEATHTRAP is often compared (improperly oddly enough) to the play and movie versions of SLEUTH, but in reality, it has much more in common with SCREAM, the self-paced essay on teeny-bopper horror flicks. As the talented movie, the DEATHTRAP labels set themselves (a thriller about thrillers), set it parameters ("a single set, five character tone maker") and then proceed to deconstruct its genre by revealing itself as "the most incredible and upscale Set of circumstances entertaining enough to persuade an audience to suspend their disbelief. "DEATHTRAP Dapper gives us a mystery with only five main characters, two of which are of the least importance. Henry Jones as a cagey lawyer is at the forefront of the exhibition (and supplying us with his love for folk charm) and Irene Worth are all quirks and comic relief as a psychic-cum-sluth acting as the nominal detective. It leaves three main characters to be the killer and / or victims: It is a testament to Michael Cain's abilities that he creates a Sidney Bruhl, a writer for mystery. character that we inherently resemble and trust, even though we immediately recognize that almost everything he says is a lie. Like his adoring, if a little ditzy wife, Myra, Dyan Canon flew over the top by giving a roller coaster ride of a show with a sign that, conversely, appears to be fragile or indulgent, hectic or hysterical, fatal or bold and uncompromisingly in love with a less-than-returning Sidney. The third angle of this unexpected triangle is an exciting playwright named Clifford Anderson, played by Christopher Reeve in such a way that we never really get a handle on whatever his character is: enthusiastic preppie wannabe writer, semi-innocent victim or cleverly charming sociopath. As the various characters dance about each other, the clever script adapted by ace writer Jay Presson Allen cuts to be consistently entertaining, even though it builds excitement. And even after the last twist (an improvement over the player's final), it may not be clear who has manipulated who should do what. <br /> <br /> Lumet is by no means a comedy master, so he lets his cast cast have free governance to educate the characters, and they give every sharp, theatrical, but subtle work, with Reeve to be particularly notable. But what Lumet does so well is to work well in tight quarters. As he did excellently in 12 ANGRY BUT, he takes a single game, and with a minimum of opening, one can do what could have been cramped, stagy and stagnant, seem infinitely photogenic and spacious. The setting, a landscape converted from an old windmill, is relatively small, but as designed by Tony Walton, it manages to be both cozy and charming, as well as scary and treacherous. It is so hard to tell where the studio and the real estate cross borders, that to a degree the set becomes a sixth character. And as the scene of the crime, it is actually a most inviting city of death.
