FULL OF SPOILERS. <br /> <br /> This is a pretty quick and enjoyable detective based on Ira Levin's play about two gay dramatists (Caine and Reeve) who plotted the murder of his rich wife (Cannon) to get the property and insurance. The reason is successful, but Christopher Reeve, who the younger and less established of the two authors decides to make a game out of the actual murder - with only minor changes in detail. Reeve allows Easthampton, Long Island, to become Southampton, Long Island, for example in the script. The rest of the drama's plot is a dead giveaway and to tell the truth Reeve has nothing against gossip or even a study of Canon's seemingly unintentional death. It will increase revenue and its own Warhol quota. Michael Caine is Sidney Bruhl, the megabucks-making playwright whose last four productions are bombarded, and who just wants more than quietly back to work on a new game, perhaps with Reeves input that would solve his reputation. He can't allow Reeve's scandalous play-a-cle to be produced. So what else? - he tries to kill him Eventually, they will kill each other, the manuscript is set aside by their neighbor, the psychic Helga Tensdoorp, and she makes one million bucks selling it to Broadway. It's a lot of fun for a number of reasons. One is the production design. The multi-roomed multi-storey house with the large windmill on top of nine of what must be the most valuable acres on the ground (Easthampton!) Would be an excellent set of graves everywhere. You wouldn't be able to afford a pup tent in Easthamptom. The house is not overly large or baroque in its decor. It's just wonderfully modest, though it's a little tidy for my taste, the kind of house that's so clean, you're afraid to step on the thick carpet for fear of leaving a footprint. <br /> <br /> Next, the play could hardly be improved upon. Caine, Cannon and Fred Jones are amazing. Dyan Cannon gives a perfect performance as the anxious wife whose slacks are so tight they look like they had been sprayed on, which is okay given her assets. Even Reeve, whose talent was limited, seems to find a comfortable niche in his role as a lovable but psychopathic killer. Irene Worth, as the psychic neighbor Helga, was somehow difficult to define, a mistake. Permitted she - or someone like her - was needed for the plot, but my God, what an offensive snoop her character is, goes around claiming, "I have pain in zis woom!" I suppose to make her a little more interesting, she's come up in sweat and a snuggling cap with bike reflectors on it. Yet she is a discomfort from the beginning to the end. <br /> <br /> You must love Ira Levin's bitch dialogue. The confused Caine asks Reeve to tell him why he wrote the story-all game. "Because it's there, Sidney!" says Reeve, and Caine shouts, "It's MOUNTAINS, not PLAYS! There's no game before some *** holes write them!" Also, Caine's call to the police is after his wife's death fears as planned. He works his way up a rogue stream that can barely speak when he reports the incident and asks for an ambulance to be sent immediately. When he hangs up, his face takes out his usual calm expression, he blows his nose into the handkerchief and goes away, all over again. <br /> <br /> Climaxet, though appropriately ironic, is confusing and noisy and full of artifice, lacking in the evil charm Levin and Lumet brought to the earlier scenes. The score consists mainly of light heart riffs on harpsichord that fit perfectly into the film. You will enjoy it.
