Every time you think you have a handle on Deathtrap, another plot twist comes together. Best to just sit back and enjoy the ride on this one. Most noticeable for his screen shot between Michael Caine and Christopher Reeve (which unfortunately was cut from the TV version I saw), this movie has much more to recommend it. Sidney Bruhl (Michael Caine) is a very unhappy man. Once a successful playwright has his last several games on the Broadway flop. And while his wife Myra (Dyan Cannon) is nothing but supportive, both in monetary and emotional sense, it doesn't do much to make Sidney feel better. To add disgrace to injury, young playwright Clifford Anderson (Christopher Reeve) has just sent Sidney a game to watch. It's Anderson's first, and Sidney can see that the young man is a gifted author. He jokes to his wife that he should invite Anderson over, kill him and submit the play as his own. She laughs first with him, but when Sidney actually invites Anderson to dinner, she worries that he can really put his scheme into action. And her fears can just be justified ... It's an excellent script. There are twists and turns all the way through, and they come faster and more furious when you get closer to the end. It's the kind of movie that has you on the edge of your seat from the beginning and keeps you there all the time. An absolute masterpiece of excitement and mystery. <br /> <br /> The action is excellent. Caine gives his usual excellent performance and he has an ability to play cultured, refined and intellectual men. Reeve also gives an excellent rendition of a man who is not nearly as wide or innocent as he thinks. Cannon's franticness works well for Myra. And Irene Worth gives a good performance as a curious neighbor who is also a psychic. <br /> <br /> This is a movie with an end you would never expect, and repetitive surveys help pick up things that were missed in previous plays. An usung classic, unfortunately only remembered for a scene that ruffled some sensibilities at the time - and it's a real shame.
