After seeing the shortened press presented by David Shepard, I finally got hold of a complete - or more complete version, which was about 56 minutes compared to the 30-minute version more widely used. The Shepard image for Image Entertainment is certainly of superior quality and the best parts are there, but it is nevertheless good to see the rest of the movie and fill out some loose stories. <br /> <br /> In Shepard print, the movie ends with Mary and says, "You see, I've changed - I never come home." But in the complete version, Mary and Kenneth Driscoll finish their relationship shortly after the scene ?? Mary returns to the country ?? and Driscoll restores his relationship with Vivian. This extra recording develops the character Vivian, which had little relevance in the Shepard version. In addition, the full version of the New Jersey landscape begins with Mary, reading and fantasizing about her ideal lover. She is disappointed with the reality of the progress of the farm "chore boy" Johnny Applebloom (a character completely absent from the Shepard version), but after her affair with Driscoll she returns to the country for probably and eventually becomes a farmer's wife. /> <br /> Whatever the print, 'A Girl's Folly' is a good little movie for 1917, made by one of the top directors of the 1910s Maurice Tourneur. In it, Tourneur takes lots of jabs on its own, including playing a cartoon of its own - the director of the film-in-movie. The two leaders also provide quality performance at early screen-defining standards: Robert Warwick, an actor who plays a skirt hunting star, and Doris Kenyon, as an Indian who wants to play an object on the screen. <br /> <br /> Self-reflecting films that made the film movie's focus were nothing new now. Mack Sennett had already parodyed this type of film three years earlier with 'Mabel's Dramatic Career'. Several aspects of this stand out. Frances Marion's intertitals are humorous, including illustrations of the actors on a chessboard with a hand that controls them - remarkably for 1917. I especially liked the movie's last title card, where two observers notice the movie's happy ending: "Give, but isn't Romantick!" " And the other responds, "Romance, nuthin!" It's movin 'pictures! "Fellow female actor Anita Loos made a similar self-reflective conclusion to another 1917 movie" Wild and Woolly. "Both authors helped change their profession's role in business and art. <br /> <br /> Some of the photography of Tourneur and John van den Broek are good, especially in the field of film making, the use of mirrors in multiple scenes is a good reinforcement of the film's self-reflexivity, and editing is exceptional, the rapid crossing of the studio scenes is particularly prominent; the hectic tempo makers who work, especially since then.
