Riff Randell is a wild, obsessed fan of the rock band; Ramones and then most of the school's students. But a new tyrant from a principal, Ms Togar believes that rock'n'roll is a bad influence on the students, especially the music from The Ramones. So when Riff finds out they are performing in the city, she jumps class for a few days to get tickets for herself and her friends. But when Mrs Togar discovers why she really took those days off, she confiscates the tickets. While this is happening, Tom Roberts is completely afflicted by Riff, but Riff's friend Kate Rambeau feels the same way about Tom. But Riff's eyes are only put on lead singer Joe Ramone and hopefully come to that concert to get them to play their song. <br /> <br /> Fun! Fun! Fun! Yes, it is true 'Rock n Roll High School' does not go away from the main focus ?? and boisterously, daggy skirt! It wasn't what I expected, that's for sure. Anyone who participates in this dandy project seems to have a good time and the relaxing nature of it shows on the screen with the energy that gives such a glowing spirit, making it an invaluable experience. That is not to say that I think its art and reason are as pointless as it can be. But looking at this passionate, crazy trip that escalates into some good harmless high jinks, I just couldn't dry the laugh out of my face. It's sticky, very cheesy, tightly chaotic, but marvelously it's funky-dory! <br /> <br /> This low-budget, b-grade feature by producer Roger Corman and John Dante, who was co-authored (and plus he co-directed some scenes when director Allan Arkush was admitted on the last day). Is basically a brilliant tribute to the rocking 1950s flicks by sticking to the fertile clichés and throwing into the pot of teenage rebellion because of the generation gap between them and the adults (as always at best). These features may not be particularly fresh, but they raise some appeal due to the dynamic gusto treatment. The movie has only one thing in mind, going out on a bang! And they manage it. Greetings from 'The Ramones', which plays itself. Really you can say its one big trendy video clip, as it's all about Ramones ?? Well, most of it anyway. I see a lot of flax against Ramones' effectiveness. These are musicians who are not actors, which means that it's not about their action here, it's the music we suppose to dig. They're here to do! As they deliver in the front with some kick ass tracks that peppered the film to create a totally optimistic mood. Especially their flamboyant concert performances. The exciting soundtrack also had some killer tunes from some other artists such as Devo, The Velvet Underground, MC5, Fleetwood Mack, Eddie and Hot Rods and Alice Cooper. But these jumping tracks fitted well with the carefree feel and even the point was worked quite well. Particularly in the scenes, Ms Togar with the score involves the right mood that surrounds her mindset. The movie's playful mood is basically like a roller coaster with such a furious pace between the electrifying melodies and comic segments that range from scattered slapstick routines to the sometimes clever, heavy-to-kind dialogue. The throw-in for a good goal is a series of light and heavy gags that I found very comfortable and it gave it so wider range to express itself. <br /> <br /> What else gave the movie an extra boost had to be the Divine PJ Soles (better known for her Halloween performance) that gave such a bang up performance as the peach Riff Randell. Other examples of performances were Dey Young, as the extremely sweet Kate Rambeau, Vincent Van Patten as Gawky Tom Roberts and Go to Man Eaglebauer, who is stupendously played by Clint Howard. Also some top drawers Corman regulars show up with great send-up performances by Mary Woronov, who is excellent as the demanding Ms Togar pushing her unfair government on students, Paul Bartel as Mr. McGree and a little supporting role from Dick Millar towards the end. The enthusiastic play is rather campy, but it goes well with the material, and there is some similarity to these characters, but we totally despise Mrs. Togar and her hallmonitor goons. There are no battles around the bush here when I say 'Rock' n 'Roll High School' is a heady hoot, with a row of time!
