The crown that would not die was considered so uncomfortable in 1959 that more cuts and the three-year transition were required before it was released in 1962. Today, it is difficult to imagine how anyone could have taken the case seriously even in 1959; The case is both ludicrous and indecent, but it is also incredibly ridiculous in a deep mood way. <br /> <br /> Of course, history is about a doctor who is an avid experimenter in transplanting limbs - and when his girl friend is killed in a car accident, she rushes her head to her secret lab. Using a pair of telephone wires, a pair of terminals, and what looks like a low tray, he brings his head back to life. But is she grateful? Not hardly. In fact, she seems strongly crossed by everything, especially when it turns out that the doctor plans to attach her head to another body. As it happens, the doctor is pushy about this new body: he wants a built for speed, and he goes to cruising confused women on the city's sidewalks, ghost strips, visiting body-sweeping competitions and chasing cheesecake models looking for endowments that will raise his eyebrow. But back in the lab, the head has developed a chemically induced mental connection with another of the doctor's experiments. This one is so scary that it is kept locked out of sight in a practical lab cabinet. Can they work together to get rid of the bitter and malicious laboratory help, destroy the swelling of the doctor and save the woman whose body he is hankering for? Could be! The leading man Jason Evers plays roguish doctor as if he has received a massive dose of Spanish fly; Virginia Leith, the unhappy head, screeches and cackles despite the fact that she doesn't have lungs and maybe not even any vocal chords. Busty babes gyrate to incredibly tawdry music, actors make irrational character changes from line to line, the dialogue is even more heterogeneous than the plot, and you need a calculator to add the continuity channels. On the whole, the boy who will not die will become even more unintentional fun than an Ed Wood movie. <br /> <br /> Indeed, director Joseph Green manages to keep everything moving with a good clip and watching the movie today, it is easy to select scenes that have affected later directors who no doubt saw it when they were young and influential and never quite got over it. The cuts made before the movie was released are always lost, but the cuts to television have been restored in the Alpha release, and while the movie and sound quality is not particularly large, it is just as well to remember that they were probably 'It's all good to start with. Now this is one of the movies that you either find incredibly boring or wildly fun, depending on your point of view, so it's very hard to give a recommendation. But I say: If your taste goes to Ed Woods or Russ Meyers, you must snatch this up and now! Four stars for their cheesy bizarreness alone! GFT, Amazon Reviewer
