Sometimes, a movie announces itself as scary or scary, even though they are usually not. Most modern horror films fit this category. Then there are the movies that not only cause the tension and adrenaline to be pumped through your blood vessels more difficult than normal. They actually scare you to a level that you have never experienced. <br /> <br /> "Halloween" is such a movie. It takes so many risks that would make most film producers ring. But almost everyone works. "Halloween" is awe-inspiring in its simplicity and scary as a whole. The story is simple. Laurie Strode (Jamie Lee Curtis) is on babysitting some kids on Halloween night, while a lunatic is loose after deleting himself from a mental institution after brutally murdering his older sister 15 years ago. Of course, the madman, later known as Michael Myers, begins to kill the local teenagers, and gradually he comes after Laurie. <br /> <br /> Are you familiar, don't you? Just another brainless slasher filled with stupid teenagers and gobs of gore. Not a chance. I think James Berardinelli puts it perfectly in his review of "Halloween:" "Because of its title, Halloween has often been grouped with all the other splatter movies that populated theaters throughout the late 1970s and the early 1980s, while Halloween is rightly regarded as the father of the modern slash genre, it is not a member ... "<br /> <br /> He has a point and for a number of reasons. First of all, it's pretty scary, while most adolescents in the teen slash genre are stupid gore-fests (one can argue that many recent ones are tongues in the cheek, but most of them also fail). Second, there is almost no violence (very little of which is bloody). John Carpenter knows that violence is not scary, and he trusts very little (actually the body count is quite low). In fact, one might argue that this is not really a horror movie, at least not according to today's standards, to have the most deaths that can be plugged into a single movie, every gory and more sadistic than the last. He trusts ideas for scare and also skill. Third, while some of the characters can do stupid things (which sometimes seal their destiny), they do not do them because they are stupid. The characters are real people, so instead of thinking that the characters die because they are idiots, we fear they are making a mistake. <br /> <br /> One of the main reasons why "Halloween" is so scary is because it's so easy to believe it's right. Nothing is hard to swallow in this movie. There are no supernatural, there are no ridiculously creative plate elements, or "inventive" murders, or whatever. Instead, all set pieces and camera work (save the opening sequence) are simple. The carpenter just puts the camera in place and says action. What we get is the feeling that we are actually seeing a murder taking place right in front of us. <br /> <br /> Horror movies are probably the hardest movies to do because everything to be scary is everything must be perfect, and ideas never work twice. It's a hit or miss game why I would tell you all the good ideas that Carpenter has (which I am not), they seem primitive (especially as they are repeated with less effect over and over again over the years). <br /> <br /> It's not a plus here because it doesn't have to be. This is a movie about scary ideas, not a movie about dramatic, conflicting characters. The actors act like real people, not characters from a story. Nothing more. The exception here is the one who plays The Shape, or later known as Michael Myers. It can be daunting to get someone to say nothing and just kill, but it's hard to pull off (and even harder to keep people from asking why). But the guy pulls it out and the result is scary. <br /> <br /> This is Carpenter's movie through and through. He instructed it, wrote it, co-produced it and wrote the chilling score of it. This is a brilliant man and his later film "The Thing" supports this statement, though The Thing is not as scary as "Halloween". Unfortunately, his success is dramatically reduced as it happens when the lures of big money for less freedom are exploited by once great manufacturers "recognize your potential". As good as this movie is, it's not without errors. The famous opening scene is disturbing but not particularly scary. And not many of the scares work for the first part of the movie. It's not that it's bad, it's just that there is no good reason to fear "The Shape." Fortunately, Carpenter mostly uses this time to create a relationship between characters and audiences. Although there is no intimacy in this relationship, it fits the purpose. We grow to know the signs, but not so much that it is discouraging when they die. But when the movie comes to Halloween night, it is when Carpenter kicks things into high gear and it never stops until you get to the end. <br /> <br /> While "Halloween" may be wrong, it's just a little so. It's an extremely scary movie and one has to look for anyone who loves scary movies. Be warned though, this movie will scare the living hell out of you!
