There are two movie experiences I will always appreciate. The first was to see "Star Wars" for the first time at age 10 with my little brother. A close second sneaks into Halloween at Tripple Plex with my good friend, Trevor, at the end of October 1978. Halloween left me breathless, speechless, and even scared. Everyone knows the story. Young Michael Myers decides to kill his sister on Halloween in 1963. He escapes a mental hospital 15 years later to return to Haddofield to destroy chaos again. He tracks Laurie (Jamie Lee Curtis), a shy senior who enjoys childhood, and begins to pursue her. Her festive friends across the street are killed, one by one as Michael puts his plot to get her. Ironically, the young boy she tends to Halloween is afraid of "Boogeman" and can see him outside. During the murder spree, Dr. Sam Loomis (Donald Pleasance) hard to find Michael before he releases his rage. He has no evidence, no evidence, just a hunch to sell to Sheriff Bracket (Charles Cyphers). As the plot unfolds, you have a voltage-driven movie instead of a cheap voltage scare. Alfred Hitchcock once said: "You can have four men at a table, playing cards, and they don't know there's a bomb and it goes out. It's a cheap thrill, but put four men on a table that discovers a bomb and discuss what to do about it - so it doesn't matter, then you have excitement. "Director John Carpenter takes the advice of hilt in Halloween. The audience will see glimpses of him outside and see, stalking his victims. We gasp. Will he kill her? When will he kill her? Then Michael disappears. The carpenter also uses the excitement instead of special effects that usually emphasize doing. This movie has little blood, but still gives good scare. One of the best scenes is that Michael lifts Bob off the ground. He lifts the knife back as it slips off the moonlight, then he drives it. All you hear is a loud spout, so the audience sees Bob's feet fall lifeless. Carpenter was the first to use a vantage point from the killer. This also tops our audience. What should he do? What happens within his mind? Finally, Carpenter's ghostly masterful score adds to the excitement. In addition, the tandem screen writing he made with Debra Hill gives us a story that develops characters we care about. The teenager is not "party crazy" but merely goes through the rebellious anxiety of teenage wasteland. Finally, there are some decent actions in this "B," low budget thriller. Nick Castle, who plays "The Shape" (Michael) adds something to the mindless killer. It is cold, merciless and without any pathology. Moreover, the personality does everything in the same way. He only kills when trapped, or creating a trap. He divides the victims apart. He also trusts in brutal strength. And the mask used (a bleached William Shatner mask) gives an impression of something that has no soul or emotion. While Pleasance is melodramatic in his deadpan monologues, he comes across as a person who is scared, desperate and determined. It made me wonder if he represented the false attempt of modernism to explain evil. The crown jewel, however, is Jamie Lee Curtis' debut. She plays Laurie's character as a person scared, but also determined and strong, fighting back. The end is one that left me speechless. This was the first concept of an indestructible serial killer that could not be stopped. Movies like Star Wars have the advantage that it can be enjoyed many times. However, Halloween and other scary movies do not have the advantage. So if we could delete our minds for the first time, we see a movie to experience it again as fresh and new, Halloween would be the movie I would choose.
