As I mentioned earlier, John Carpenter's 1978 classic is one of the first two movies I remember watching and being heavily influenced by (the other being the classic Conan the Barbarian). It really scared me so much that the only monster under my bed was Michael Meyers, whom I eventually became friends with (imaginary friend) to prevent him from killing me to sleep. Now it's a terror for a 10-year-old. <br /> <br /> It's a horror classic, and I'm sure my modest review won't do the justice it deserves. The most surprising thing is all that the film still works, perhaps not in the guttural reaction, but more of a cognitive option or immediately subconscious. All this could happen. It is not in the impossible or is in a foreign country (like most modern horror, ie Hostel, Touristas, Cry Wolf, Saw, etc.). At times it is graphic, while the rest is relegated to our performances. I think it's this element that keeps people scared or at least cautious about going out at night with the signature soundtrack still alive in their head. It still works because we can replace implicit or tertiary killings with something more frightening that our mind can create. So we ourselves contribute to our own fear and anxiety. Carpenter weaves a simple story of an everyday, middle-class, suburban, and relatively benign child who snaps on Halloween and kills his sister. He then spends the next 15 years in an institution (which we fortunately do not experience) only to escape and return to his hometown, the infamous Haddonfield. On the way, he kills and kills. The child's name is Michael Meyers, although he is not a person. John Carpenter uses Michael Meyers as a metaphor against the implied security of the middle class suburbia. In the bastion of American security and security, chaos can still hit. <br /> <br /> Michael stopped being a person when he killed. He is not a serial killer, human or psychopath. He is like an unstoppable force. The generic overalls, bleached-white Shatner mask, and lack of dialogue anyone other than some breathing help dehumanize and complete Michael's generation. This is the source of all its power. He is faceless, speechless and infinite in any other way than as a source of intolerable chaos. This is helped by cinematography (postcard effect), lack of information / motivation / explanation and the veteran historical experience of Donald Pleasence (Dr. Loomis). His superior performance and turmoil sell "The Shape". This is also the first movie performance of Jamie Lee Curtis as Laurie Strode, the innocent girl who chaos in the assault of overwhelming odds (at least for a little bit). <br /> <br /> Although this is not the first movie in this new niche of horror movies (Black Christmas came out 4 years earlier), it is the most successful and does not diminish by reviewing. If you haven't been afraid of horror movies for a long time (like me), it will probably make the hairs on the back of your head tingle at the first chords in the signature soundtrack. I highly recommend this movie as a must see horror movie and as one of the pinnacles of John Carpenter's career.
