I have to admit this is one of my favorite horror movies all the time. The unique way John Carpenter has directed this image opens the door to so many mock genres, it will chill you to the bone, whether it's your first time to see it or your fifty. The sound, Michael Meyer's threatening fate, and Jamie Lee Curti's infamous scream give this film immediate cult status and a good start for the independent era. I love the music, I love the characters, the familiar but scary attitude, the simplistic nature of the villains and the random chaos of everything. There is no real rhyme or reason for the murder in this first film, which gives us a taste of Michael's true nature. Is he crazy or somehow just a very brilliant animal? That question can never really be answered, but Carpenter gives us his 100% and more devotion to this amazing masterpiece. <br /> <br /> John Carpenter is the fate of the fate. Lately, his movie has not been the caliber they once were (see Ghosts of Mars), Halloween began its powerhouse of a career. This is his ultimate movie. While releasing other greats, I will always remember this as the movie that made me turn on all the lights, watch out for sleep and look for closed doors, because you never knew where evil would appear next time. Carpenter has this amazing ability to bring you into the world where he weaves. With the power of the camera, he places these images of Meyers in places that you least expected, while giving the perception that the killer is right next to you. I loved every scene where we ran back and there was Michael looking from the distance without anyone wiser. It was scary, yet absolutely brilliant. I loved the scenes where Carpenter pulled your scare from almost thin air. There you would be thinking of your own business, as suddenly the terrible mask would come out of nothing. Like the characters, you also thought it was just an eye in the eye, but this is where Carpenter gets you, it's not. Michael is not a ghost, he is a human (or at least we think), but he has a stronger mental ability than most protagonists. This leads to some really dark themes and unexplored symbolism, but even without it, it's a creepy movie. <br /> <br /> If you just didn't have enough of Michael just evaporating in the windows of your house, Carpenter adds that chilling theme music. I still have what patters the piano keys in my mind and constantly wonder whether Meyers looks at me through the window. Carpenter has found the perfect combination of visual fears and chilling sounds to foreshadow what can happen to our unsuspecting victims next. It's mortal, and it's done with refreshing originality and more unique excitement than anything released by today's Horror Hollywood could muster. The carpenter's Halloween is a breath of fresh air in the middle of what could be a rough horror year, with real scares being replaced by Paris Hilton, you know the quality is not quite the same. <br /> <br /> Finally, I would like to say that even the simplified nature of the opening word in this movie is scary and chilling. The use of the "clown" mask sent shakes up the back. The way it was shot with the elongated one shot using the baby's mask, as if it were our own eyes, is still one of the best horror openings ever! It sets the tone for the rest of the movie. You have the babysitter theme, you have the childish behavior that carries Michael throughout the movie, and you have the artist's talent Carpenter all rolled into one. I could literally talk about hours of hours about this movie, but instead I'd rather see it again. It is worth repeating the visit many times! <br /> All in all, I think this is one of the most outstanding movies in movie history. Skip all the foreign movies that think they are going to sail in the face of movies, let it be a budget-like joiner and a slasher movie genre. This unique film redefined a whole generation of horror movies and continues to influence today's horror movies. The deadly combination of a truly spooky killer, the powerful filmography of the events (which usually doesn't mean much in horror movies) and the beauty of Jamie Lee Curtis is exactly what makes Halloween the movie over the rest. Sure, Freddy is cool and you feel sympathetic to Jason, but Michael is real, he's worried and he's on the loose lust for the baby's blood. What could be better? <br /> <br /> Degree: ***** out of *****
