Halloween is not only godfather of all slasher movies, but the greatest horror movie ever! John Carpenter and Debra Hill created the most exciting, scary and scary movie of all time with this classic chiller. Michael Myers is such a phenomenal monster in this movie that he inspired scored imitators such as Jason Vorhees (Friday 13th), The Miner (My Bloody Valentine) and Charlie Puckett (The Night Brings Charlie). Okay, so I got a little unclear there, but it just goes to show you the influence this movie had on the whole horror genre. No longer had a monster come from King Tut's tomb or from Dr. Frankenstein's laboratory. He could be created in the cozy little neighborhoods in the suburban area. And at night he came home ... Haddonfield, Illinois and the viewers would never be the same. There are many aspects of this movie that make it the crooked jewel of horror movies. First, the setting is ... it's going on in what seems to be a normal suburban neighborhood. Many of us who grew up in an area like this can easily identify with the signs. This is the type of neighborhood where you feel safe, but if problems begin to brew, no one will lift a finger to get involved (especially when a heavy-breathing lunatic tries to scoff at our young hero.) Along with the movie setting is on Halloween! ! This year's scary night! While most people are carving jack-o-lanterns, Michael Myers seeks to cut some teenie boots. Besides the setting, there are some good actors. Jamie Lee Curtis does a useful job as our heroine, Laurie Strode, a goody-two-shoes high schooler who can never seem to find a date. However, Donald Pleasance, as Dr. Sam Loomis, who really steals the show. His portrayal of the good doctor, who just knows what kind of evil is hiding behind Michael Myer's black eyes and feels compelled to send him to hell once and for all, is what is of scary legend. But it's the synthesizer score that really drives this image as it seems to almost put the viewer in the movie. When you hear it, you will never forget it. I also enjoy the grainy sense of this image. Today they seem to sharpen the image of each movie and give us every possible detail in the monster we should be afraid of. In Halloween, John Carpenter really lets us get a complete look at Michael Myers. He always seems like he's part of the shadows, and I think that's what makes him so scary. There are many scenes where Michael is partially visible as he spies on the young teens (not known to them), adding to his creepiness. If you think, some wacko can see you right now and you wouldn't even know it. Unfortunately for our teens (and luckily for us horror fans) when they find Michael, he does not seek candy on this Halloween night. He's looking for blood. Finally, Michael Myers himself is a key element in the effectiveness of this movie. His relentless pursuit of Laurie Strode makes him seem like the killer who will never stop. He is the bogeyman who will haunt you for the rest of your life. So if you haven't seen this movie (if there are still some of you out there who don't have or even if you have), grab some popcorn, turn off each light, pop it into the old DVD, and scare. Trick or treat!
