I just recently went through a stage where I wanted to see why it is that horror movies from the 90s cannot hold the light of the 70's and 80's horror movies. I have been very public in this forum on the will of movies like The Haunting and Urban Legend and so on. I feel they (and others like them) don't know what real horror is. And it bothered me to the point where it made me go to my local video store and rent some of the classic horror movies. I already own all Friday's so I rented The Texas Chainsaw Massacre, the original nightmare on Elm Street, Jaws, The Exorcist, Angel Heart, The Exorcist and Halloween. Now the other movie classics are in their own right, but this is where I will tell you about Halloween. Because what Halloween does is maybe something that can not be made any other movie in the horror movie's history, and it uses subtle techniques, techniques that do not rely on blood and do, and it uses these to scare off live daylight out of you . I was in a room with myself with the lights off and looked silly as I knew it was, I wanted to look behind me to see if Michael Myers was there. No movie I've seen in the last ten years has done it for me. No movie. <br /> <br /> John Carpenter took a low budget film and he scared a generation of filmmakers. He showed that you do not need budgets in the 8 or 9 numbers to evoke fear of an audience. Because sometimes the best element in fear is not what actually happens, but what is happening. What was that shadow? What was the noise upstairs? He knows these are ways to scare someone, and he uses every element of textbook violation that I think you can use. I even think he has made some of his own ideas, and these should be ideas that people are using today. But they don't. No one uses lighting and details to provoke scare, they use special effects and rivers of blood. And that's just not the same. You can't be afraid of a huge special effect that gives high sounds and jumps out of a wall. These are the moments when the killer is wondering, somewhere, you just don't know where to scare you. And Halloween succeeds as no other movie in this endeavor. In 1963, a young Micael Myers kills his sister with a large butcher knife and then uses the next 15 years of his life, silently locked in an institute. As Loomis (his doctor) told Sheriff Brackett, "I spent eight years trying to reach him and then another seven to make sure he never came out because what I saw behind those eyes was purely e-will. " It puts up manic and relentless idea of ​​a killer who will stop by nothing to get what he wants. And all he wants here is to kill Laurie. No one knows why he wants to kill her, but he does. (Halloween II continues the story quite well) <br /> <br /> What Carpenter has done here is taking a scary score, mendacious lighting techniques and writing and directing a Tight Masters of Terror. There is a scene to be described. And that is the scene where Annie is about to pick up Paul. She goes to the car and tries to open it. Only then does she realize that she has left her keys in the house. She gets them, comes back and unintentionally opens the car door without using the keys. The audience gets it here, but she doesn't. She's too busy thinking about Paul. When she sits down, she notices that the windows are foggy. She is confused and starts to wipe the fog away, and then Myers comes from the back seat. It's such a great scene because it emphasizes details. We know what's happening and Annie doesn't. But there are rigorous observations that Carpenter made that frightened hell out of filming in 1978 and beyond. <br /> <br /> Halloween uses blurry images of a murderer standing in the background, it has shadows that carefully slide over a wall, dark rooms, scary and scary music, told a vicious story wasted by Donald Pleasance and a threatening, relentless killer. My advice to filmmakers in our day and age is to study Halloween. It must be the blue print for what scary movie is all about. After all, the carpenter followed Hitchcock's steps, perhaps the instructors should follow in his. <br /> <br /> Halloween personifies everything that scares us. If you're tired of all the mindless horror movies that don't know the difference between evil and beauty, then Halloween is a movie to be seen. It won't let you down. I enjoy being scared, I don't know why, but I do. But nothing has scared me in the 90s, except perhaps a movie (Wes Craven's last nightmare). If you enjoy creatures scared, then Halloween is one that you should see. And if you've already seen it a hundred times, look it up again, back to back with a movie like Urban Legend. Urban Legend will get you lured on all the beautiful faces of the movie. Halloween will have you frozen for fear, stuck in your place, not wanting to move. Tell me now which horror movie would you rather see? <br /> <br /> And just to follow up after seeing Zombie's version, makes you much appreciated here much more. This is a classic pr. Definition. Zombie bastardized its version, but it doesn't take away from this brilliance.
