Watching Fire and Ice for the first time reminded me of my experience watching 300 last year. It was not at all a bad movie, certainly not average, but its plotting and dialogue stood out as being at best conventional and at worst kind of confusing and one-dimensional (which perhaps based on Frank Miller's cartoon, was the real decision to go with ). But its primary forces stem from the intense action and bloody struggles and have the lap of a 14-year-old feeling of seeing beef fighters fighting in bloody sword-headed battle, with the occasional freaky creature or super-hot woman walking with the picturesque surroundings. Although I would probably see Fire and Ice again before 300, they both awakened the same feeling - the exception, of course, is Frank Frazetta, the infamous artist and designer of countless paperback books and comics that collaborates with director Ralph Bakshi in what is not typical Hollywood fare, but something for the deadly fans. <br /> <br /> What it means to the public today is going back to check out the movie for the first time (it can now be sought after nostalgia for those who were young and watched it with their masters of the universe VHS tape Back in the day) are the possible drawbacks mentioned before, and maybe you will see something unique. Fire and Ice are not even the only Bakshi rotoscoped feature, but it may be the most fluid - if not my personal favorite - of the few he made, and he and his team create a truly striking world that is quite prehistoric. part out of this world fantastic, and some medieval, and all touched up with a painter's hand in terms of backgrounds, skies and grounds. There is a slight drawback for Bakshi fans in this facet of character design; Bakshi went so far as to say it's more Frazetta than him. This may be true, but it does not make it more absorbent to the eye or curious in the moments when we do not see people killed or jaded in fast or slow motion (my favorite was the instant skeleton guide-how they rotoscoped that amaze me ). I neglect to describe the plot as it would defeat the purpose of really recommending it. If you are already deeply into this kind of style and approach to animation, the plot will be decisive, depending on the degree to which two warring factions or a "virgin" or princess are in danger or a hero must prove himself or yada yada, so to say it's about, well, fire against ice, with characters called nekron and darkwolf (the cutest man of the party and most cartoon in appearance) and teegra (the typical hottie that is almost also * perfect for the young man's fantasy figure) . What the plot does, as an asset, allows a number of cliff hangers and thrill bits around the action, the father's progression in the conflicting big battle, as when the roar hunt for Teegra and have to fight with sudden crazy monsters and creatures emerging from tree trunks and lakes . And, as usual for Bakshi, he shouts out some madness (if not quite his usual inspired lunacy) amidst all of this straightforward fantasy material. If you have seen Wizards, you will understand what I mean to a lesser extent. <br /> <br /> So if you're an animation buffer, search for some "old-school" (ie 1980s) action and incredible design. For everyone else, it is ... well, not big, as I would say without blame for its logical extension of the 21st century, with some changes, 300.
