I don't want to claim to be a fan of Ralph Bakshi, because I'm not. I have only seen 5 of his animated films so far: Coonskin, Wizards, Fritz the Cat and Lord of the Rings and finally "Fire and Ice". What I can claim is that I found "Fire and Ice" to be the most enjoyable of the party. It is a fair fantasy tale of swords and witchcraft in line with Conan the Barbarian, but the beautiful artwork, realistic animation and lively movie score gives a very classic charm to this movie. <br /> <br /> The first mention is the animation itself. I don't care what people say about rotoscoping, but in my opinion Ralph Bakshi used this technique very effectively here. I was amazed at how realistic the characters were. The style to control and the image-realistic cartoons made "Fire and Ice" feel more like a big budget fantasy blockbuster than a cartoon. Unfortunately, the level of the art detail tends to be a little inconsistent, especially near the end of the movie. Some scenes just look really flat with little or no body contour details or fabric pockets and shadows on the characters. <br /> <br /> With realistic moving characters, realistic action will naturally follow. The action was not only choreographed, but it was really brutal. I would be so bold to compare the brutality of the action to live action movies like Zack Snyder's 300. However, I noticed that even though there was bloodshed, the blood stains were kept to a minimum. Again, a good choice of the creative team that only increases the viewing experience by not taking things too "over the top". Although I do not recognize any "big names" in the casting, the voice actors are able to deliver a satisfactory performance keeping the delivery of each line realistically subdued and only hamming it up in the event of the evil ones. <br /> <br /> Did I say evil people ?? Yes I did. Because that's exactly what the story is about, a standard good vs evil story. Nothing really original about the story, apparently just a mix of pre-existing fantasy film cliches involving scantly clad warriors and virgins. Anyone looking for "depth" would be very disappointed. The characters don't get much development, and some of them like Nekron and Darkwolf are at best one-dimensional (I heard rumors of some deleted scenes explaining Darkwolf's obsession with killing Nekron and his mother. Scenes that it deserved full restoration and should have is included in the final cut to add depth to the show). In fact, I would not be surprised to find out that the whole movie was just a "tech demo" of sorts to showcase the amazing animation and art, with the story paved and thrown in as an afterthought to deliver it as a real "movie". <br /> <br /> A true classic of a bygone era, "Fire and Ice" really captures the fiery spirit of adventure and mystery with its beautiful reproductions of amazing creatures and charming characters. It is a unique vision of a world created by Ralph Bakshi and the artist Frank Frazetta with a good measure of action and excitement. <br /> <br /> Would it stop animated movie standards today? Absolutely not. But I encourage animation fans generally to "get out of your high horse" and give this simple but beautiful movie a chance to grow on you. It's really a gem of the 80s worth checking out.
