This pleases the audience at a number of film festivals, and it is not difficult to see why. Director Yang Zhang, using some very nice work by the three principal actors, Xu Zhu's father, Master Liu; Quanxin Pu as the oldest son, Da Ming; and especially Wu Jiang as the irrepressible and lovable younger son, Is Ming, spins a tale that will warm the coldest heart. <br /> <br /> The movie starts with a man taking a shower in an automated state in the middle of Beijing. He puts some money in a slot, opens the door, takes off his clothes and puts some of them on a conveyor to be cleaned, enters the shower and gets cleaned with brushes and splashes of water and soap as if he were a car at car wash. This is the future symbolically, and the old bathhouse we see in the next scene is the past. Agricultural China gives way to industrial China. <br /> <br /> Pollution? The Cultural Revolution hangs over? Industrialization blues? No way. What we have here is a party for people and their kindness and love for each other, a feast of goodness in the hearts of men. But I wonder how the Chinese government sees this movie. On the one hand, it clearly presents a pleasant view of China and its people. It is strictly nonpolitical without criticizing the current regime expressed or implied. Nevertheless, there is the slightest sense that the good old ways should be replaced by something that may not be as good. I think Yang Zhang had the wisdom to let it be as it should. Tell a story about old men in the bathhouse, where they come back to sparks and massages, telling high stories and reminiscent of the good old days where they can relax and play Chinese chess and stage crickets where the champion is smashing and clever guy and his assistant are his son who can be retarded or autistic, but who does his job with joy and an infectious spirit of fun and good will. <br /> <br /> Back on stage, the older son Da Ming, polished, well-groomed and taciturn. He is uncomfortable with what he sees as his father and brother's unofficial behavior. He represents modern China with his tie and his folder, his cell phone and his education. He has only returned because he believed his father was dying. When he sees that this is not true, he packs his bags and is ready to return to his wife and his career. But then a crisis happens and it is during this crisis that Da Ming sees the value of the natural, human-centered life that his father and his brother have lived. And then Yang Zhang unites the old and the new and does so in such a charming way that I will not object, especially since his style is so neat and so carefully expressed. One of the nice things he does, which I miss in most movies, is the way he dives details on the subplots of the larger story so that they are resolved before the picture ends. The bathhouse regularly, which sings "O sole mio" in the bathhouse as the water showeres down over him, much to the delight of Er Ming, finds that he cannot sing publicly because of stage warfare. At the end of the movie, he loses his scene scaring and singing thanks to some inspired help from Er Ming. And the bathhouse regularly loses its wife because ... well, he tells a story to Master Liu before he confesses the real reason. But Liu understands and again, before the film is over, husband and wife are aligned. <br /> <br /> This kind of "happy ending" film production is unusual today in artistic and international film or in almost any filmmaking in adults. Some happy conclusions are so constructed that they not only scare their controversy but their audience. And some are so blatantly disappointing that the audience is offended. Here, however, the audience is happy. See this especially for the comic performance of Wu Jiang whose warm wrestling overcomes any handicap that his character may have.
