I saw this movie in the theater when it came out. I grew up in Scottsdale and I went to Arizona State and really enjoyed seeing places where I spent so much time. I remember at that time thinking that Barbara's venture into more of a rock sound (actually R and B to my ears) was a success. I was never a fan of Kris sang until his last effort for New West. As a songwriter and actor, however, he has serious chops, IMHO. I think it's a nice romance. I like it better than the Judy Garland version and have never seen Selznick's Janet Gaynor original. <br /> <br /> I think they've made some changes to this long-awaited DVD release. Among other things, I remember the helicopter shot, which reveals that a packed Sun Devil Stadium is longer and more dramatic. I wish they had done a better job writing music for Kris or God forbid, put some of his original songs in there. <br /> <br /> Along these lines, I have some information from a primary source that says music was a problem for Kris and Barbara. During interview with my own new music doctor, Rocking the Boat: A musical conversation and journey, I interviewed Stephen Bruton, a fine singer / songwriter / guitarist with close professional and personal ties to Kris, Bonnie Raitt and Delbert McClinton among many others. Stephen was in "Speedway", the John Norman character band. Kris had a really hard time turning what was really a pop score into something that could pass for rock. Stephen was and is Kriss's friend and long-time band member. There was excitement on the set and at one point the band barked at Kris in the presence of Barbara. She noted that the band should not talk to him like that. Kris just came back for being his friends and they were rock and roll! Eventually, Barbara came around and decided to use Kris's band's live performances in the movie and specially placed Stephen's role to make things work. I got even more respect for her as an artist after hearing this story. Much is made of her as a diva. What she is is a pro. And I'm not gay. Not that there is anything wrong with it.
