A blockbuster at the time of the original release (it was the second highest wholesaler movie from 1976), the third screen version of A STAR IS BORN has always split critics and fans. The film is open to negative critical reviews, but the $ 5.6 million budget went to over $ 150 million at the box office and won an Academy Award and five Golden Globes. It is not without any irony that Streisand's most commercially successful films would also remain her most controversial. For every ten fans named STAR, Streisand's best movie, there are always ten more claiming it's the weakest movie in her filmography. Although both parties have some benefits to supporting their claims, it should still be noted that the seventies take a STAR IS BORN remains one of the most touching and entertaining showbiz dramas ever produced by Hollywood. For my money, it's the best version of the often told story. The film is solidly enjoyable and penetrating. In fact, changing the attitude of the old Hollywood studio system to the music industry's competitive world was a good idea, and the script creates a realistic contrast between the characters' romance and their career. This is the most important area that the 1976 version of A STAR IS BORN actually surpasses its classic predecessors. For example, the film is extremely successful when portraying the collapsed personal and professional difficulties during recording sessions and the endless phone calls that interrupt Kristofferson's songwriting attempts. This version of the story is also more credible in the portrayal of the protagonists. For example, the female leaders in the two previous versions were so virtuous and self-sacrificing that they came out as saints. On the other hand, Esther, the female leader in this version, is not only portrayed as strong and passionate, but also flawless and conflicting. This makes her feel more "real" than Janet Gaynor or Judy Garland characters felt in the earlier films and making history much more effective. The performances are all on target, although some of the supporting characters are not enough. If you are looking for an actress / singer who can walk the fine line between hard and vulnerable without making himself a script contrivance, Streisand is definitely the girl you want. She is one of the few movie stars who can make even the most banal dialogue seem fresh and natural, and she usually manages to create a strong emotional connection with the viewer. Simply, her Esther is a fully realized, three-dimensional human being. Kris Kristofferson may not get much respect now for his recalled characterization, but he is always interesting and shows a magnetic charisma here, which he rarely appears elsewhere in his career. Kristofferson actually received rave reviews at the time from NEWSWEEK, TIME, and even NEW YORKER's normally evil Pauline Kael. Gary Busey and Paul Mazursky also provide credible performances, but both have a relatively minimal amount of screen time. <br /> <br /> The movie's soundtrack recording was also a great success, hit # 1 on the Billboard's Hot 200 and sold over four million copies in the US alone. The Streisand-composed "Evergreen" (with lyrics from Paul Williams) is undoubtedly one of the most beautiful songs in today's pop, brought to an even longer life with an incomparable vocal performance from Streisand. The rest of the movie's original songs (mostly composed by Williams and Rupert Holmes) are also quite good, and Streisand sounds great - her live solo figure remains in memory long after the rest of the movie has faded. Streisand's lively performances bring "Woman In the Moon" and "With One More Look At You" to exciting life and make even more delicate numbers like "Queen Bee" work far better than they are entitled to. However, Kristofferson's solo songs sound somewhat tuneless, but it may have been intentional when he plays a singer in decline. Although it is naturally dated in some respects (it certainly reflects the decade it was made), the sevens assume a STAR IS BORN still holds up remarkably well. The film is well-mounted and smoothly produced, chemistry between the leaders is extremely powerful and always feels genuine, and Streisand has two emotional scenes near the finals, both of which are painful. In summary, a STAR IS BORN is not only entertaining and moving, but it also exceeds all criticism.
