Thirty years after the first release, the third version of "A Star Is Born" finally comes to DVD in a package that will please the most devoted fans of Barbra Streisand. It would include me, since I just saw her in concert to sing among other songs, the feminist anthem "Woman in the Moon" from this 1976 film. Easy to reject, the film's career-polarizing story is such a solid pile of Hollywood-style clichés that there are variations of it in other films, including Streisand's own "Funny Girl". This time, reset to the contemporary music scene, the timeworn plot follows self-destructive rock star John Norman Howard in his deep-water sequel, as well as meeting club singer Esther Hoffman, who awaits his great break. <br /> <Concerns however, their inception from the start, when John Norman (both names please) respond to seizing fans and bloodless DJs with random acts of violence (from which he inexplicably escapes prosecution). To John Norman, Esther represents his last shot of happiness, and in return, she is drawn to the decent decent, creative musician under the facade. In the film's most decisive scene, he gives Esther his big break at a prize concert, and her career begins. Inevitably, he cannot cope with his career in light of his meteoric success, and if you are familiar with any version of this story, you know the rest. Directed by Frank Pierson (although Streisand's budding leading talents are apparently exhibited), the film still manages to pull me in, though I know it is shamelessly constructed and manipulative. It still has some emotional resonance despite its many mistakes. Although Streisand in her primary seems to be the ideal choice to play a rising song star, her screenplay is simply too strong and predefined to play Esther credibly. The same can be said for her executive style as the script seems to make allowances for her softer Adult Modern-oriented material to be accepted within the otherwise hardened world of arena rock. From the moment she pops her head up in the middle of Oreos, she can't help getting across as an established star. I can forgive the obsession simply because she is an unmatched vocal talent, but what gets less forgiving is how she makes Esther more excited than thrilling when John Norman's glory becomes overwhelming. This creates a strange unpleasant dynamic in the last part of the movie when it gets smaller about what caused the climatic event than Esther's answer to it. This is shortened by an uninterrupted eight-minute close-up of her memorial performance - amazing except when she unfortunately mimics John Norman's style towards the end. Kristofferson, on the other hand, gives an excellent performance everywhere, manages a level of honesty that justifies the film and makes tangible its contemporary feelings of love, pride and anger against Esther. He does his vodka-soaked onstage work in this context. Otherwise, it always seems to me so strange about this version that all the supporting characters are referred to the background as if they did not exist unless they interacted with the two principles. The only ones who register are Paul Mazursky as John Norman's senior manager Brian and Gary Busey as his cynical band agent Bobbie. Veteran cameraman Robert Surtees gives a nice burnish to cinematography although a level of graininess continues in the print. A great seller today is the soundtrack a hodgepodge of various styles from the 1970s - some songs are still quite good ("Everything", "Woman in the Moon", "Watch Closely Now"), some who have moved to kitsch (" Queen Bee ", Kenny Loggins" I believe in love ") and of course the inevitable" Evergreen ". <br /> <br /> The print transfer on the 2006 DVD is clean and the sound grateful thanks to digital remastering. Streisand's participation is the main lure of extras that begins with her feature-length comments. She provides in-depth information about the film's appearance, casting and the allegedly uneasy production. She is also refreshingly honest about the megalomania by Jon Peters, her hairdresser girlfriend, who became the film's producer and her dissatisfaction with Pierson as an instructor. I just wish she could have given more scene-specific comments directly related to what's on the screen. She also tends to repeat the same anecdotes when the mood hits her, for example, it becomes tedious to hear for the third time how the person playing the driver was a friend of Peters. I think having another commentator could have pulled other nuggets from her. <br /> <br /> There is a wardrobe roll that shows some fun 1970s clothing, especially Kristofferson's mixed fabric poncho and orange polyester shirt. There are also twelve deleted scenes that come with Streisand's optional comment. One is a comic bread-baking scene that reminded me of how much I like Streisand in dangerous comedies. Another is an extended scene where she plays "Evergreen" on the guitar in front of an awestruck Kristofferson, who then falls asleep. The most interesting is an alternative take on the musical finale with quick cuts that I agree with Streisand should have been used. Suitable are the theatrical trailers for all three versions of "A Star Born" also included.
