I've always been a great James Bond fanatic! I've seen almost all the movies except Die Another Day, and The World Is Not Enough. The graphics for Everything or Nothing is breathtaking! Voice talents ......... WOW! I love PIERCE BROSNAN! He's finally Bond in a video game! He is binding! I enjoyed the former Bond games: Goldeneye, the world is not enough, agent under fire and nightfire. This is definitely the best! Finally, Mr Brosnan, I can call him Mr. Brosnan as a sign of respect? Yes, I can!) He was phenomenally exciting to hear in a video game ....... FAST LOAD! YOU H! I've seen him perform with Robin Williams and let me tell you they're doing a good team. Pierce Brosnan is fun, viciously beautiful (I mean to say goodbye to a good way) and just one of the actors you want to go up and pack your arms around and hug and say, "Pierce Brosnan, thank you for to be James Bond, "" If it wasn't for you, I wouldn't know who James Bond is. "He's a great actress! I'm a big fan of Willem Dafoe, even though I've seen him in a couple of movies. His role as Nikolai Diavalo was brilliant. (Have I spelled the character's name correctly?) LOL !!!! He does a good job with an accent. Sometimes I can't even hear an accent. I've seen Willem, I mean Mr. Dafoe, performing in two movies: Finding Nemo, and Spider-Man with my favorite actress: CHURCH DUNST! IF ROCKER! Anyway, he never ceases to amaze. And Richard Kiel, wow, he certainly got that part of Jaw's nailed. I've seen him in the movie and he's great! In fact, my grandparent has met Mr. Kiel and I were jealous when they told me. But Kirsten Dunst is at the top of my list of Celebritie's, which I will meet. John Cleese was breathtaking. I have never seen a better person playing as wisecracking, and the gadget creates Q! Mr. Cleese was fun! I've seen him work with Pierce Brosnan in Goldeneye and Tommorow Never Dies. He is amazing! John Cleeses latest project is Shrek 2 with Mike Myers, Cameron Diaz, Julie Andrew's and Eddie Murphy. (Shrek 2 is now in the theater!) Good luck 007! Oh yes, and as Q always says, "Get up 007!"
