Don't make me wrong. "GoldenEye" was revolutionary and is definitely the best FPS game to be based on the 007 franchise. But the series had fallen into an FPS route. Enter "All or Nothing" that puts Bond in the third person. When I wrote my previous review of "From Russia with Love", I was done with FRWL and just started EON and condemned EON a little hard. Although FRWL certainly has the edge in nostalgia and captures the essence of the film chase, EON is absolutely superior in in-depth control and gameplay variation. Missions range from standard driving and driving to driving an SUV, driving an Aston Martin, driving a limo led to exploding, commanding two different types of tanks to "GoldenEye", driving a motorcycle, flying a helicopter, Reject a shaft retained by laser tripwires, and free fall after a grooming girl. Sure, the car's control is a little clumsy, but the question here is the variety. <br /> <br /> As a film adaptation, "GoldenEye" and FRWL were all I could have hoped for. But EON's original story adds the feeling of controlling a James Bond adventure. This is aided by the impressive cast list of Willem DeFoe, Shannon Elizabeth, Heidi Klum and Misaki Ito. Judi Dench and John Cleese represent their film roles by M and Q, respectively, and Pierce Brosnan, while no Sean Connery adds credibility to the game's actions. All characters resemble the stars, with the disappointing exception of Heidi Klum, who is in the game model, not making the real model of justice. Myas theme song is on par with at least some of the big screen Bond title tunes. <br /> <br /> The game also celebrates some of the older Bond movies. Willem DeFoe's character is a former colleague of Christopher Walken's baddie from "A View to a Kill". Richard Kiel appears as Jaws, Hulkingman from "The Spy Who Loved Me" and "Moonraker" in three battle scenes. The first and the best continue in the same way as a fight in the movies would have. <br /> Single-player gameplay consists mainly of standard-to-foot missions like Bond. Like Bond, you will be able to choose whether to use stealth or go out with the guns flaming. The game offers plenty of opportunities to take advantage of agility, with lots of wall and object cover. Unfortunately, unlike the FRWL, only one button in the EON controls both hanging and wall adhesive, so Bond can end up hanging low when looking around the corner and vice versa. The game also allows players to enter the "Bond reflex" mode. While browsing your listing, everything around you will go into super slo-mo so you can analyze objects around you that can interact with. Although this takes a little time to get used to, this state will eventually allow you to perform many spectacular "Bond moments", such as. To shoot a chandelier down to take four goons under, and greatly add to the Bond movie's feel. <br /> There are 3 difficulty levels available: Operational, Agent, and Double Oh. At Operative you can breeze through in a few hours. On Agent, a couple of weeks. On Double Oh, a couple of months. The difficulty can be changed for each mission. High-score decorations on missions will unlock gold and platinum prices and power features such as vehicle upgrades and the skimpy outfits Bond girls wear. Some missions can be extremely frustrating due to lack of control points, but when all is said and done, no mission is beyond a single action file in a Bond movie. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the multi-player is not that exciting. "GoldenEye" still has the best multi-player mode of any Bond game. EON's largest multiplayer is a co-op campaign mode that puts players in charge of smaller MI6 agents on a less important mission than Bond's. A more standard three-person death can be unlocked from this condition. But single player mode is the most complete Bond experience to date. The end, as with most Bond games, is anticlimatic. While the final mission is one of the most aggravating in the game, the final confrontation with the villain is disappointing. Also, levels that require Bond to be fast become virtually a matter of trial and error. But for any serious Bond fan who doesn't play this game, it means missing one of the Bond movies.
