I'm a big fan of Say Anything, Jerry Maguire and Almost Famous (I wasn't that big on singles), so it's safe to say I'm looking forward to something that Cameron Crowe names. I went to see that Vanilla Sky had been told it was a very strange movie and that I probably didn't like it if I expected something like Crowe's other movie. Well, since I just saw it, let me say that the first one was correct and the latter could not have been more wrong. It's a very strange movie, and nothing really comes together to the end. Anyone who tells you they saw it halfway into the movie either lies to you or cannot remove their overhaul from their memory. Anyway, the movie was great, and I look forward to owning it as soon as the DVD is released. I was moved by the movie and felt emotionally used at the end. This is an experience that will draw from the viewer the full spectrum of human feeling if the viewer allows him / her even in the plot. In the theater, where I watched the movie, there were more than a few people who clearly lost the movie and bored it when they found out that they could not get into the plot. I'm sure others just lack the ability to properly follow any movie like this. I don't think it should sound pompous, but some people are more carved to Seagal, Chan, Van Damme's genre of movies, and these are the types that probably wouldn't enjoy this movie. It's very cerebral, so make sure you're prepared for a two-hour mental leg, as well as much thought. <br /> <br /> As for comparing this movie with other Crowe films, it is very similar in At least one respect, in all Crowe movies, the soundtrack is a sign to itself. This is due to almost Crowe's long ties to music, like anyone who has seen Almost Famous, and to his marriage to Heart star Nancy Wilson. It was also worth noting that there was a particular chemistry between Tom Cruise's play and Crowe's directing, which made the movie appear to be known to anyone who saw Jerry Maguire. At least it's not bad. <br /> <br /> Whether or not to compare this movie with another movie, I'd say this: if you enjoyed David Fincher's Game, you will almost certainly be a fan of Vanilla Sky.
