How strange the human mind is; This activity center, where the perception of reality is formed and stored, and where the world's outlook is linked to the fine-tuned function of the brain, this most delicate and intricate processor of all things that are sensory. And how much do we really know about inner work, it's depth or capacity? What is it in the mind that allows us to distinguish between reality and a dream? Or can we? Perhaps our sense of reality is no more than an impression of what we actually see as looking at a painting by Monet, where the vanilla sky of his vision becomes our reality. It is a concept that was visited by filmmaker Cameron Crowe in his very imaginative and mind-altering movie, 'Vanilla Sky', starring Tom Cruise and Penelope Cruz. At the age of thirty-three, David Aames (Cruise) inherits a publishing empire left by his father. His fifty percent controlling interest, however, has made him a marked man since there are seven members of his board, and each considers himself more worthy than the young Mr. Aames of the foliage share of the company. And burning dissatisfaction burns is their view that David lacks the focus that the job requires. <br /> <br /> Admittedly, David likes to play; He still has control over the business and does what he thinks fit, whether the governor (he refers to them as "Seven Dwarfs") likes it or not, and no one has ever had the courage to challenge him directly. But during a sumptuous birthday party in his honor, one of the firm's lawyers warns Thomas Tipp (Timothy Spall) that David is up to something behind his back. At that time, however, it is the last thing on David's mind; He has had a relaxed affair with a friend, Julie Gianni (Cameron Diaz), but even it moves to the back burner when he meets a woman in his party that he can't get out of his mind. Her name is Sofia (Penelope Cruz), and having known her for only one night, she becomes a vital part of her life - which is being turned upside down as in the morning after his party, he makes a decision that will change his life forever. And he is learning that sometimes there is simply no one left. <br /> <br /> Director Cameron Crowe has made and delivered much more than just another movie with this; far more than a movie, 'Vanilla Sky' is a vision realized. Beginning with the first images displayed on the screen, he presents a visually stunning experience that affects both visceral and cerebral. It's a mind-twisting mystery that will swallow you and sweep you away; emotionally it is a rush - and it can leave you exhausted because it requires some effort to stay with it. But it is worth it. Think `Memento 'with a driving rock n' roll soundtrack and a vibrant attack of colors produced by blows of an impressionist brush. There are dark and light and sounds pounding and running until you can feel the blood rushing through your veins and throbbing in your brain. And everyone played on a landscape of virtual reality swirling under the ever-growing vanilla sky. In short, this is a real trip; It's exciting - and it's a mind bender. <br /> <br /> As for the show here, those who can't get past the mind of Tom Cruise as Maverick in `Top Gun 'or his Ethan Hunt in' Mission Impossible 'or those who perceive him as a' movie star ' "rather than an actor, have to think again in the light of his work here. Because like David Aames, Cruise gives his career the best performance, one who should control any doubts about his ability as an actor at the door. He has made some interesting career opportunities over the past few years, with films like `Magnolia 'and' Eyes Wide Shut 'only warming to the very real and complex character he creates here. And also give him credit to take a role that removes any sense of vanity; This is Cruise that you have never seen him before. "Jerry Maguire" earned him an Oscar nomination, and this too - as well as admiration and recognition of his peers. Cruise is not only good in this movie, he is remarkable. <br /> <br /> Penelope Cruz becomes an excellent, if not outstanding, achievement, as well as Sofia, David's wife dreams. There is an excellent innocence she brings to this role that works well for her character and makes her forthcoming and accessible, but she lacks any hint of mystery that may have added the special "something extra" to that part. But Crowe knows how to get the best out of his actors, and he certainly did with Cruz. <br /> <br /> He also knew what he did to Cameron Diaz, who is quite alive in Julie's role. She has never seen better and sizzles right on the screen. But make no mistake, it's not a window-dressing part, and Diaz delivers a complete package of this character. In fact, the quality of her performance can be measured in the impact she does with fairly limited screening time. And it is the person she so fully integrates with her innate beauty that makes Julie so unforgettable. All in all, a great job of Diaz. Support model includes Kurt Russell (Dr. McCabe), Jason Lee (Brian), Johnny Galecki (Peter), Armand Schultz (Dr. Pomerantz), Noah Taylor (Ed), Mel Thompson (`LE 'Man), Jean Carol (Woman in New York) and John Fedevich (Silent Ed). Ca. halfway through, this can cause you to question your own sense of reality; But be sure at the end of "Vanilla Sky" everyone will be revealed. It's a reality bender, to be safe and a wild one; But this is exciting entertainment that gives a satisfying - and unique experience - a man has to believe. It is the crucial and absolute magic of the films. 10/10. <br /> <br />
