I for one really likes this movie for some reason I am late but I would like to touch why I think people do not like it. First there are people out there who just like to hate Tom Cruise. I don't really understand. Secondly, I think, Cameron Crowe, that I have been successful in paging from two groups of movie shows with this movie. The laid-back, laid-back, "doesn't seem to think too hard" group of movie goers gets confused when the plot takes a complete 180 at the end of the movie. And the deep, philosophical, mystery fans are destroyed when Crowe has one of his characters, fully explaining the mystery. <br /> <br /> This is a good movie. And Tom Cruise does a very good job in it. I think that's probably his best performance from what I've seen everything, even though I haven't seen all his movies or even a majority of them probably. The support molding is also good. Penelope Cruz gives a solid performance and Jason Lee was fun. <br /> <br /> I like the story, and I think that's what Vanilla Sky is more than anything else. It's a mystery, an adventure and a romantic comedy, but it's mostly just a good story. And it has many philosophical undertones to it, and many similar ideas and stories like this happen in historical philosophy. David Aames (Cruise) is the man who had everything he wanted, more or less lost, got another chance with a catch to regain everything and eventually turn his demons and the full extent of what happens , choose reality, simplicity and normality to see if he can finally find the only thing he could never deal with: happiness. Many were disappointed that Crowe laid out the complete mystery at the end. I think it's necessary. The audience then knows beyond a shadow of doubt that David is aware of his circumstances, and that ultimately makes the election more powerful. <br /> <br /> And the music in the movie is amazing. That's probably what makes the movie as fun as it is. Especially "Njosnavelin" by Sigur Ros, which is a great song. All in all, I will give it 3 out of 4 stars. It's a movie with some substance for those who like to think things through and a great story for those who want to relax. The "moderate" approach is probably why people do not like it so much because it is not a full blown mystery or a full blown love story. It mixes and matches different elements and genres.
