I really enjoyed this movie because I have a great interest in American history ... the antebellum years and the civil war in particular. I recently bought it from a rack of previously watched videos for sale at the supermarket and I was very happy to add this to my historical video collection. Although it is not of caliber from civil war films such as "Glory" or "Gettysburg", there is much history of the fraternity before the war between cadets at West Point. Perhaps it is the gray uniforms, youth or military discipline, but I am fascinated by the history of the Cadet Corps from about 1830 to the war. I imagine what it should have been like to sit in a classroom with other young men, learn to make war, and later use the lessons against your own classmates! <br /> <br /> In fact, there were two classes in 1861: one in May, the other in June. the film makes no real mention of this, except to mention Henry A. DuPont, first candidate from May Class; and George Custer, last degree of June class. The reason for the two classes was not so much about the war, but it was the result of switching back to a four-year course of study, after some years of experimenting with a five-year course (I think the first class had attended five years, the other for four). As the film depicts, cadets were like brothers and often had nicknames for each other ... George "Fanny" or "Autie" Custer; Alonzo "Lon" Cushing; James "Beauty" Stuart (for JEB Stuart, class in 1854) etc. I say that this movie is the "Santa Fe Trail" as it should have been because the 1940's movie while it's fun, really fudge's story. Cadets from several different classes are all graduated together. JEB Stuart and George Custer are portrayed as the best friends and side by side stopping John Brown's uprising at Harper's Ferry. In fact, Stuart and Custer were never friends, but enemies during the war. They confronted each other (for the first time I believe) in Gettysburg in 1863 (Stuart was at Harper's ferry Raid, but Custer was still a cadet at the Point when it took place). <br /> <br /> "Fanny" Custer plays a role in "Class of '61," although his classmates, Dev O'Neill and Shelby Peyton are fictitious. I think they are based on Partick Henry O'Rorke and John Pelham, respectively, two people you can look up. <br /> <br /> Whatever I really enjoy this movie or movie that gives a window to mid-19th century America.
