Someone (or something ..) leaves puncture points on the jugular and drains the victims of their blood to death. Police detective Karl Brettschneider (Melvyn Douglas before slipping out of the B-movie horror genre to greater heights) is blunted by whom .. or what is behind these infamous crimes. The village is overcome by hysteria, and Karl depends on his trusted medical genius, Dr. Otto von Niemann (Lionel Atwill, in yet another effective researcher role) to give some feedback on what can cause innocent death. He also fears for his beloved Ruth's security (the lovely Fay Wray, who stars for the third time with Atwill after "Doctor X" and "The Wax Museum Mystery"), who is Niemann's assistant. <br /> <br /> Dwight Frye steals the movie as a pretty luney idiot who gathers bats and carries a demented behavior wherever he goes. It is easy to see why he becomes a suspect, as local paranoia is at the height of the fever. Maude Eburne gives the film's humor as a very naive (and easily influenced) patient by von Niemanns, who thinks she has suffering she reads about in books near the laboratory where he works. She is impressionable and often von Niemann just mood her and constant fictitious diseases she feels afflicted with. Lionel Belmore returns as another frightened, superstitious burger guru. <br/> <br /> Creaky, static but entertaining yet thanks to the cast. The film is of course as low a budget as it comes, but it does not make the film too much, as it is put together quite well by Director Frank R Strayer and his crew. I'm sure the movie's print has seen better days. This is the kind of B-horror item you would find wrapped up with 50 other random cheesefests and poverty series programmers. The movie's villain .. and his motives for feeding a synthetically produced biological creature ... surely give another form of the Frankenstein formula. Many may be disappointed with the end result as the film strays away from being an actual supernatural tale of a true vampire killer that causes the murders.
