In an effort to deposit the success of Universal's horror film, Majestic Pictures hired several popular actors from the current genre and put them into this effort, which (realistically) is not nearly as good. With that, it's still worthwhile for everyone's time, and it's a fun lot of fun to watch and in my opinion it's better than most of what to pass today as horror! The story takes place in the small German town of Klineschloss, where the body has stood up entirely of blood and with suspicious puncture points. Mayor Gustave Schoen (Lionel Belmore) shouts "It's Vampires", but local police chief Karl Brettschneider (Melvyn Douglas) thinks it's a lunatic who is responsible and he promises to catch him. <br /> <br /> ***** SPOILER Alert ***** Burgermeister and most of the city's people believe that the local chef Herman Glieb (Dwight Frye) who loves bats and often speaks to them is the one they are looking for and they are chasing him until he falls to his death in a cave. The one responsible for the killings is Dr. Otto von Niemann (Lionel Atwill), who has created a new form of tissue that gives birth to blood, and achieves this by having some kind of mind control over his servant Emil (Robert Frazer) who goes out at night to collect the blood. Dr. Otto has a beautiful assistant named Ruth Bertin (Fay Wray) and an annoying aunt named Gussie (Maude Eburne), but they have no idea what he has, but eventually Karl becomes suspicious when one of the murders finds place after Hermans death. Frank R. Strayer was never mistaken for being James Whale, but he was a pretty competent director who ended up managing most of the Blondie movies in that series and with this movie he uses the same sets from "The Old Dark House ", which was also filmed at Universal. I'm the first to admit that this movie is sometimes clumsy, but it's virtually impossible to resist a movie that has a roll like this, including Frye, who basically does his Renfield role this time, he turns to bats and beats them and holds them in your pocket for safe storage! One thing that just doesn't make sense is the mind that Dr. Otto has over Emil since the film never explains this, and I had a strong feeling that this was a kind of nod to the "Cabinet of Dr. Caligari", but on the other hand, it is probably only the weakest part of the script. There are a couple of other ripples I have noticed, including freeze hunting for the big caves, which is, of course, an early shot of the infamous Bronson Canyon, where many other films have been made, and also Wray's brown hair, which is her true color . True horror movie fans will appreciate this more than others, but I think it is a fun movie to watch for everyone and with a throw as attractive as this, well worth a visit.
