This is one of the most underrated masterpieces of all time, in my opinion, its thoughtful, fun and sad with amazing performances all around! All the characters are wonderful and the story is just brilliant! Plus Jodie Foster and Cherie Currie are simply amazing in this! Ending is very powerful, but I don't want to spoil it for you, and I thought the character development was top notch! Plus you can really relate to all the characters, especially Jeanie and Annie, as you will twist them, plus I loved how it moved slowly, giving you a chance to get to know all the characters and what's on. I can't believe this only has a 5.9 rating here, as it should be much higher in my opinion and it was fun to see Randy Quaid in this type of role, plus it is extremely well written and made too! A scene that really came to me was when Madge (Marilyn Kagan) was bothered by her mother for having the party, and the movie also has many surprising moments! Plus the dialogue is especially excellent. This is one of the most underrated masterpieces of all time (in my opinion), it is thought-provoking, fun and sad with amazing performances all around, and I say go see it right away! You are bound to love it! The direction is amazing!. Adrian Lyne does a great job here with great camera work and keeps the film at a very exciting pace! The acting is amazing!. Jodie Foster is really cute and is amazing as always! She was extremely sympathetic, caring, had a loving character, was intense in some scenes, was focused, and she and Cherie Currie were the heart of the movie like Jeanie and Annie! (Foster rules !!!!!!!). Cherie Currie is too hot and is great here, I felt really sad in character when she had a very sympathetic character who just needed help, she gives a powerful performance and created a very memorable sign she was fantastic !. Scott Baio is great as Brad, he was really sympathetic and did his job well, I liked him. Randy Quaid is great in his serious role surprisingly I liked him. Sally Kellerman is great as a mother, I liked her a lot. Marilyn Kagan and Kandice Stroh are both very good as Madge and Deirdre, and did what they had to do well as the other two friends. Laura Dern has a very early role here, as it was cool to see her, not much of a part herself. The rest of the throw makes it fine. Overall, see it immediately, it is an undervalued masterpiece! ***** out of 5
