Basically, the exact same movie as "House of Wax" - Vincent Price's first real horror hit released the previous year - but seriously who cares because "The Mad Magician" offers as many tensions, wonderful time constraints, joyful 3 - D effects, sublime acting performances and macabre horror gimmicks as its predecessor! "Never change a winning team" is exactly what the writer Crane Wilbur must have thought when he wrote down the character of the award Don Gallico, another afflicted soul besieged by fate and out of revenge for those who rejected him. Don Gallico is performing his very first own illusionist show like Gallico the Great and is planning to show the greatest magic trick in history; titled "The Girl and the Buzz Saw". Gallico's promising solo career is suddenly destroyed before it once begins when his former employer Ross Ormond appears on the scene and pushes a contract under his nose, claiming that all Gallic's inventions are the company's legitimate property. The sleazy and relentless Ormond, who incidentally also searched Gallico's once loved wife, starts with the buzz saw trick and program it in the show of Gallico's rival The Great Rinaldi. Inevitably Gallico snaps and sadistic butcher Ormond, but ?? also be a master for creating aprons ?? recreates his victim's image and even begins to lead a double life. "The Mad Magician" is an entertaining and thoroughly unpretentious 50's horror movie in Grand Guignol style, with a lot of improper plot phrases (the host shows a brilliant crime writer) and a handful of amazing grotesque outbursts (though they obviously remain most suggestive). The 3-D delights at the beginning of the movie, like a yo-yo player and a goofy trick with water sources, only serve as a time-filling and today's 50-hype, but it's still fun to see for yourself now and without the means see them correctly. "The Mad Magician" is also interesting from a periodic point of view, as the events take place around the time when fingerprints began to be used as evidence, and Alice Prentis's character is an obvious reference to famous criminal writers of that era. Needless to say, Vincent Price remains the most crucial element of triumph in this movie, as well as almost any other horror movie this legendary man has ever played. As no other actor could ever perform, the agonizing protagonist who gradually goes further and further into mental madness presents in such an indescribably fascinating way. You're pity Don Gallico, but at the same time you fear him tremendously. You support his evil actions of retaliation and at the same time you realize that his murderous rage will end in death. Vincent Price was simply a genius actor and in my humble opinion performing the horror genre.
