I don't want to lie. Although I looked interesting, I looked at The Notorious Bettie Page, because I had heard (and it was quite obvious just by looking at a synopsis or something about the movie) that Gretchen Mol was naked in it. I've never been a fan of Mol, but I can't resist seeing an attractive woman take off her clothes. Yes, it can be perverted, but it is a theme and ideally central to the very core of the film and helps make the movie much stronger than it should probably be. <br /> <br /> The film chronicles Bettie Page's (Mol) life from her physical and sexually abused days as a child in high school in the south and on her new life in New York. She wants to be an actress, but she also has to pay bills. After taking a couple of seemingly innocent shots at a local beach, Page slowly becomes a modeling sensation and jumps quickly from suggestive images to sexually provocative images. <br /> <br /> I feel the shortness of the movie (just over ninety minutes) is both a curse and a blessing for it. On the one hand, the film never exceeds its welcome. You get to know Page within a few short minutes, and then it just goes into its modeling career and does not look back. But it also curses the movie because we never get a chance to understand everything that is going on. She just kind of jumping around between modeling shots and the controversies they create before jumping straight into the big senate survey that takes much of the film's final action. You're just sitting there trying to absorb everything, and more just comes to you. It feels like the filmmakers wanted to sum up too much material in too short a movie. It asks for longer sequences and asks for even longer explanations. It doesn't feel rushed; It just doesn't feel all there. <br /> <br /> Another bit of fumbling, though a little more curious, is the use of color throughout the movie. The majority are in black and white, but often splashes and color followings emerge. But although this may have been done as a symbolic gesture early on, it becomes a bit of a distraction, as it always comes up before you go back to black and white. It becomes confusing and becomes more of a dull interference than anything else when the movie continues. <br /> <br /> Although it may fumble a little with the actions, the movie remains dead with its themes. Page that I hardly know about is played innocently, and her world is exactly the same. Save for a few shady characters during her teens, all she meets are innocent, and all she does is innocent. I never thought I would look at full frontal nudity as something other than vulgar and depraved, but here it is really something to marvel at. Yet it is beautiful and innocent. Even the most sexually perverted moments in the movie (albeit fairly relative to today's standards) have an innocent and English feel to them. There is just something about the way Mol's naked body is depicted that it just hits such a different chord than nude bodies in other films. It just feels so natural and so wonderful that if there was any reason to watch the movie, it would be to see Mol's body-like depictions as she plays Bettie Page. The other reason is Mol herself. As a side, she illustrates that the 1950's southern belle everyone knows (or at least imagines). Despite her profession, she is still a normal person and still looks at herself as religious. Mol plays her exactly to the right amount of appalling cleanliness needed to make this character feel authentic from the 1950s. She plays her with such a circumstance that you would be hard-pressed not to believe that Mol was actually Bettie Page himself. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the support casting has very small moments to shine and is overshadowed by Mol's wonderful performance. None of them do anything particularly pleasing, and neither of them really has the same strength in their role as Mol does. This is not really the actors' fault, but more of the fact that they do not have much to work with. Many of them are completely recognizable as Oscar nominee David Strathairn (in a role a little too close to one of his better performances), Sarah Paulson (the latest Golden Globe nominee for Studio 60 at Sunset Strip) and character actor Lili Taylor But you would be very inclined to really place their performance in anything but okay. None of these characters are really developed, and they are just like character cuts that Mol runs around in the loop as she picks up steam in her amazing performance. <br /> <br /> Really, this movie is worthy of its nudity depiction and of Gretchen Mol's outstanding performance by Bettie Page. Everything else is a little too muddled and awkward than it should be. If more work had been done to develop supporting characters and not just burst through history, this movie would have been a much better biographical movie. As it stands, it is only a vehicle for Mol that really rises into the stratosphere of popularity as an actress. <br /> <br /> 7/10.
