THE NOTING BETTIEPAGE Posted by Mary Harron & Guinevere Turner Directed by Mary Harron <br /> <br /> How do you define a person who has always been between two worlds, one of presumed sin and a presumptive redemption? Especially when that person eventually bowed to a split personality disorder in his last years as if to demonstrate his own point. If you are Director Mary Harron, you are not away from showing the push / pull character of THE NOTORIOUS BETTIE PAGE. You allow the character to drive back and forth between the healing forgiveness of God's power and the church and the seductive illusion of control and domination given to Page during its years as a pinup model. Hereby the audience is offered a complex character, driven by a desire to leave his difficult past with a naïve pleasure in the desire of others for a struggle to unite his image in the eyes of God. Come on the right time, it will no longer be how many eyes are on her because there are only a few that count. <br /> <br /> Shots mainly in black and white (with some unnecessary color outbreaks), the unusual BETTIE PAGE is sometimes a light humorous comedy that makes the movie an enjoyable experience and also one that pokes fun at where seriously people believe in the corruption of pornography. But the director's delicate hand is more emotionally felt during the past times of the past. Harron is a sensitive, considerate director who does not throw Page's many and devastating battles of abuse in the face. Instead, she gives the surprisingly effective Gretchen Moll, which plays the title role, the chance to hammer the pain of her character in the viewer with fear in the eyes, exhaustion is her cry and shame on her skin. While most directors, perhaps most male directors, would find it necessary to show the heroine in painful positions to create a connection between the kinds of atrocities put on her, and where her life took her, Harron has too much compassion for her character, her actress and her audience. Page learns to trust people again, and as more and more photographers fall in love with their image, the more they fall in love with their admiration and control over her eyes. At the time she is in the sweden's S & M's kingdom, she has found a way to combine her need to be respected with the objectification she has been accustomed to throughout her life. <br /> <br /> Mary Harron's Bettie Page is a woman who longs for control over her life and destiny, but ultimately it is always said where to stand, how to smile and what to wear. When she finally realizes that none of her choices has been her own, she chooses to embrace God and preach his word to those who will listen. The true sadness behind this main decision is that she still leaves any other leader blind to her; she just has more faith that this direction is getting better for her soul.
