... but the general filmmaker's mileage can vary in Mary "American Psycho" Harron's stylized look at the American sexual psyche as seen through the lens of the immortal Queen of Curves, Bettie Page. <br /> <br /> I don't want to drill anyone with a recitation of the iconic status of Ms Page, a primary and correct valedictor from Nashville, Tennessee who moved to New York in the hope of being an actress and ended up being Bondage queen in the universe. I also won't run through the outlined bio-pic plot of "The Notorious Bettie Page", although I offer high kudos to the technical aspects of the movie (a series of animated magazines cover springs immediately), improper use of a period camera despite. Finally, I will not undergo the current application of the film's themes of innocence and perversion, freedom and control, the sacred and the secular; They are there for the viewer to absorb if they wish. The more things change, the more they remain the same. <br /> <br /> What I want to stumble in a moment is Gretchen Mol's amazing performance as Bettie Page. The truth is, Mol's face hardly looks like Betties, nor is she specifically built as Bettie (although only a fool would deny the beautiful breasts and not fool me!). She does not even practice the thick, dark bush that hides Ms. Page's most intimate charm, but it is actually that Mol thoroughly designs Bettie Page's spirit in every way, form and form. It's a bravura "comeback" from an undeserved semi-obscurity. I have never met Ms Page (and unfortunately never will most likely), but I have consumed the pictures and videos and read all the bios and interviews, bought the trading cards and other odds and ends, and to be honest, lusted for Ms. Page ever since I first discovered her in my youth between covers of dusty carpet magazines at the barber shop and five and dime. Mol perfectly captures the woman's essence when I come to see her, no saying is intended for what I consider to be an Oscar-worthy achievement. Liv Tyler could never have matched Mol's shining characterization intensity for a million years, and I am grateful that she left the project. Not that I would have fun watching her completely, I rushed to add, but I can't imagine her brand of sensuality having translated into innocent exuberance by Bettie Page. "The Notorious Bettie Side" is not for everyone, more than bondage and discipline is. I suppose it will do much better on the counter than in the theaters; Legions of Devoted Side Fans and the Curious will look to it. I can only hope that the DVD will be shock full of enough Bettie extras to show the uninitiated how well a job Mol has done. <br /> <br /> Besides that, a tip of the hat is for a fine supporting spirit, especially Lili Taylor and Chris Bauer like Paula and Irving Klaw, whose celebrity photo company was Betty's doorway to immortality. A final note to the young writer who claimed that Ms. Page had no effect on his generation: take a good look at Madonna's cone brassiere and come back to us. Bettie Page is, regardless of whether you know it or not, the right godmother for fetishwear. Without her, Madonna and the rest of her family could never have existed.
