Movies can be a looking glass to see the world in a new light. Good night and good luck offered, for example, parallels to modern judgment without proof and intervention in freedom. It is easier to investigate a moral problem when it is not too close to home: by putting it in a fictitious or historical context removed from our immediate situation. With pornography, we consider ourselves "enlightened" and our ancestors become hidebound of cozy ideas - which usually involve fire and sulfur, but the definition of what is indecent can easily become ignorant and ignorant interpretation rather than evidence. Bettie Page was a cult icon in an era that included not only McCarthyism, but also the prohibition of comics (such as Tales from the Crypt) on the grounds that they would turn young people into semi-grained young criminals. Developed by key issues in her life, this film poses dilemmas that are just as relevant today as back in 1950. <br /> <br /> Our films open with two key scenes. In the first, we see well-dressed and respectable men in a seedy bookstore. One of them asks for pictures of women in kinky boots and is being detained - so turns out to be an undercoat struggle that performs a plug. The second scene shows Bettie Page, who is waiting to be called as a witness, looks pretty bad as if she had just left the church. <br /> <br /> The first 50 minutes are in black and white. Old-fashioned film effects such as scarves and fades add to the feeling that we see a film from the past years, like the manuscript's maneuvers, gleamingly recreating the scenes of the 1950s, simultaneous snake phrases and the close dialogue in connection with film making of period. Stock films are often intercut - which will delight many and annoy others. In keeping with the theme, the film is almost a collection of various forms of moving photography, and the older clips of stunning beaches and landmarks are well-suited to Betty's classic look, which dates back to the age of 'health and nature' magazines. . . Although I admit that if you are not imprisoned by history, you can find the effect a little choppy. <br /> <br /> Very soon we go into flashback. Bettie escapes the depressed life of a depression year in Nashville, which is only experienced with church singing and soul-saving, and goes alone to make her own way. After her first success, her modeling work splits into two strands: the ordinary glamor work focuses on her over-the-rainbow smile and the "special interest" images involving dressing up in high-heeled boots and light bondage equipment. In a previous audition (reminiscent of a scene with Naomi Watts character in Mulholland Drive - also called Betty), she gives a performance full of emotion, unlike her normal animated, cheerful (but ultimately gentle) day to day expression. Is part of her still unfulfilled? Bettie is often rejected in auditions when they realize she is the well-known pin-up girl. But we have never been asked to be sad Bettie Page: Her fierce childhood is quickly referred and skipped when she is raped by four hometowns, we see only the threat and then Bettie regains and survives, picks herself up in abandoned forest and Put on the brave face of someone who refuses to lie down and die. <br /> <br /> Although there is no nudity involved, it is Betty's special interest pictures that ultimately cause problems. Returning to court, a pastor's opinion is taken on the corrupting influence of such images as evidence. A psychologist says authoritatively how the images lead to "suicide, murder and psychosis" in young people exposed to them (presumably not in that order). Finally, a star explains how his son's life ended because of such images - being "trussed up like that". It is not clear how it becomes "trussed up" causing death. The text that accompanies a series of Bettie's photographs in a magazine tells how she was forced to endure "terrible agonies" with the fetish constraints (the audience knows she actually found them quite hilarious and that the wording itself was clean dramatizations). After a 12 hour wait, Bettie is told her evidence - she is the only person who could finally say she was not photographed in pain - would not be required. The pictures have been proven. <br /> <br /> If it all sounds like the dark ages we've left, consider a recent event (2003) where Ann Anne's ad was banned. It said "for fashion and passion whip together for your local store" with a photograph of a woman's back. She has a bra and thong and her hands are handcuffed behind her back. The underwear and sex toy company, targeting female consumers (and also supporting charities that fight domestic violence), said its advertising was aimed at giving women sexual confidence and always showing women in control of their sexuality. One can conclude that prejudice and ignorance of the Betty Page surveys still have currency. <br /> <br /> Betty's religious views are embedded in history, just as the concept of sin is integrated into Christianity and contributes to the forbidden "nature of sexual pleasure often prevalent in Britain and the United States - as opposed to the more factual approach, found in continental Europe, it could be argued for sin and redemption formulas, and "being rescued" is even reflected in mating patterns that continue traditional male domination, a policeman making a friendly (but sexually motivated) approach to Bettie outside the courtroom , offers to "save" her from loneliness. Knight-in-shining armor can be chivalrous, but it also presupposes a woman in need of rescue. <br /> <br /> Love it or hate it, The Notorious Bettie Page is an exceptional and extraordinary film and a moral wake-up call for those who watch it, there is excellent ensemble, and Gretchen Mol, as Bettie, is remarkable as the whole movie succeeds or falls on her powerful performance.
