First, I have heard good things about this movie, not least among the retro / vintage scene and the stockings of the lovers who absolutely love Bettie Page, and it did not disappoint. Shot in very pure black and white with color added to key scenes, the film gives a documentary feel to Bettie Page's early life and career. There are many things I didn't know about Page. First, there were gang rapes, later her early attempts to develop a acting career and then glamor images, first and foremost with a camera club that is with men who cannot get enough of her and later with Klaws, Paula and Irving, who, despite their training of bondage and fetish pictures, encounters extremely friendly and friendly people. If only modern porn producers were like that, better porn might be a consequence! For the most part, the film is neither a depiction of the evil of pornography, but an attempt to show the kind of environment that existed in the 1950s for those who produce fetish and naked images of women. This environment was extremely repressive, perhaps in a good way, because it meant that none of the "saturation" effects we have today when it comes to pornography. It also seemed to be much less hard. Page comes across as a person who enjoys his work and does not appear to be impaired by it. In many of her pictures she is tied and gagged (and trying to hold a conversation) that burns a whip with a flowering, so exciting photographers take her pictures and are seen in "initiation style" girlie bondage movies that look pretty pretty with The hardcore stuff we have now. Page was never an actress and instead left pinup when she was in her thirties for 'Jesus Christ'. Her faith in God and Jesus never goes away, even when she is bound and gagged, she still insists that she has got a 'gift' of God to do 'this thing'. Watch this movie, I am more knowledgeable about Page and in awe of her modesty, beliefs and behavior. She is one of a kind, compared to the identi-kit clone blondes we have today and someone who can actually say 'There is life after porn'.
