She is not Michael Jordan <br /> <br /> Think of all the amazing NBA players whose career light has been subdued for no other reason than the time of their birth. Their names can travel so easily out of the public as lips like Russell, Cousy, Byrd, Magic, McHale, Oscar, Wilt, the list goes on; but the volume is down a bit, for Stockton and Malone, Charles, Patrick and all the other great players who always lost the headlines to Michael. <br /> <br /> I have seen it written that Gretchen Mol's career flared out in the wake of the cover article in the 1998 Vanity Fair issue, which predicted inevitable superstars for Mrs Mol. It was later said that she had been overheated. I disagree. I still remember that at a time after I saw "The Devil's Advocate" in '97 or '98, I would be confused about which actress played Mary Ann Lomax. Was it Mol or Theron? Oh yeah! Charlize Theron was one in "2 days in the valley" and "Mighty Joe Young" and Gretchen Mol were in "Donnie Brasco", "Celebrity" and "Rounders". <br /> <br /> When I saw "The Thirteenth Floor" (Mol) and "Sweet November" (Theron), I had pretty much corrected them, but I still put them in the same mental file tray. Both were very talented, had cute faces, similar body types, short blond hair and so on. <br /> <br /> However, Theron was offered more work. I loved her as Sara Deever and, as Adele Invergordon, her beauty was scary. In 2003, "Monster" was released, and from that time until the Oscar release itself knew all the film judges, who "Best Actress" award should. And deserved it! Theron was Aileen Wuornos. The only way to get a more accurate understanding of what made the real Aileen Wuornos cross would be to somehow play the digital video captured in Selby's head. And for a great talent to make themselves physically uninteresting! Unheard! <br /> <br /> In 2005, "The Notorious Bettie Page" was released. Mol's performance was exceptional. Perhaps she was in the shadow of Mrs Theron. It was like a ballroom for the victorious for the losing presidential candidate, no one came and no one cared. It was considered a continuation of an old story when a promising actress with a declining career makes a nudge part in a "B" movie. Ho hum! No no no! Wrong! No matter what you might think of the movie (and I enjoy movies in the fifties), if you pass it on, you will miss one of the better performances of that year. Mrs. Moll was just as much Bettie as Mrs Theron was Aileen. Unfortunately, Aileen, to the film-making public, is the more sympathetic character. For some reason, an amoral, sociopathic killer is less embarrassed to us than a naive, unsophisticated, unobstructed, religious girl whose greatest capital crime was to live her life in complete confidence and completely exposed. Bettie Page was one of the icons of the 50s. Her pictures and movies are never sexual, never pornographic, but she presented kinky as a close caricature of all things. There was no sense of realism, only parody. Mrs. Moll captured the very essence of the character. She got 20 pounds to add some zaftig to her normally slim figure, and when asked for various photographers in the movie, her body was Betties. Her full frontal lack of inhibitions exactly matches everything that has been published about Bettie. Cinematic nudity usually shows eroticism or sexuality. In this movie it's about innocence. Seeing Gretchen / Bettie nude did not want me to jump her, but inaugurated a desire to protect her from all the horrors that people can inflict on each other. If you pass this movie, you will miss one of the best results in recent years. By the way, shame on the MPAA to give this an R rating.
