Although The Notorious Bettie Page is well-acted and shot, it is at best a Cliff's Notes version of Betty's biography. The film is mainly focused on her work with Irving and Paula Klaw, the brother and sister team, who produced most of her most famous images. It does not describe its life after making it apart from her religious rebirth. It mentions "The Real Bettie Page", by Richard Foster as the source, but it ignores Bettie's later years of mental illness and imprisonment in a mental hospital. The narrow focus of the biography can be discussed, but most of Betty's fans and "civilians" will probably be more interested in their modeling career, which is what they get. <br /> <br /> The film is well-crafted, with Gretchen Mol reproducing Bettie's appearance, and conveying the sweetness that her photos radiate. The character is played as fairly naive, a likely by-product of interviews given by Bettie in recent years. Bettie is more likely to be aware of the nature of her pictures, but rationalized it as plays and costumes. The supportive cast is also excellent, with Chris Bauer and Lili Taylor playing Irving and Paula Klaw, and David Strathairn as Estes Kefauver. The movie fails with the character John Willie, played by Jared Harris. John Willie never met Bettie Page and was not involved in photo play with Klaws. Harris plays Willie a bit like Peter O'Toole, in his more debauched state. <br /> <br /> Despite the quality of acting, the film is a bit of a disappointment in terms of depth. The story is pretty superficial, and we never feel we really get to know Bettie. Just like her pictures, it's just a picture. It tends to exaggerate Betty's infamy. Her images were mostly seen in and around New York, in a very narrow market with underground and cultural publications. Her real fame came after her photos were reprinted in the late 70s and 80s, and the Cult of Betty Page (as the name usually spelled) grew. Bettie's greatest exposure (excuse the pun) was in Playboy, which appeared in the January 1955 issue (the Christmas photo staged in the reverse movie). <br /> <br /> The film is well finished if it is rather low. It is able to maintain interest until the end and shows many fine performances. It hits Betty's life, but ignores many details that would have given it much greater depth. The end is rather a disappointment. It feels quite abrupt. Still, the movie is definitely worth watching by anyone interested in Bettie, or even the time period. The soundtrack is amazing, really pulling the viewer into the 1950s. If nothing else, the film stands as a showcase for America's budding sexuality and clash with its puritanic past. It is also a look at an icon for both men and women.
