I had a vague idea of ​​who Bettie Page was, partly because of her appearance in Playboy's very bad days (apparently when she got her photo taken of her and her Santa hat, just that she didn't know what power was). The film, co-written and directed by American Psycho's Mary Harron, educates the most important parts of her life well enough. A southern belle of a church goer has some bad experiences and leaves them looking for better times in New York City where she enters modeling and from there much more. Soon she becomes the underground pin-up sensation, with slavery the obvious (and "infamous" of the title) traits attributed to her. The actor Gretchen Moll portrays her and reduces this woman's spirit as well as she could, which is truly a great success for the movie. She is not a simplified character, although at times her moral ideas are questionable ("Adam and Eve were naked, didn't they?" She says a few times). Apparently, the filmmakers leave the later life of later years and leave with her in a kind of replacement period and leave the photo shoot to Jesus. On the whole, Notrious Bettie Page is much more than a kind of usual bio-pic presented by HBO films, albeit this time with endurance for a feature movie release. The best scenes captured by Harron are Side in her "dubious" posts, taking pictures of her in the top and staring at ridiculous films of whips and chains and leather uniforms. This adds a much needed comic relief to the otherwise usual character of the film. It is not that the story behind it is uninteresting, which implies the government's investigation of "smut" that came out of such photos and underground magazines. But there is not much time to explore more of what is just suggested, with Page and her complexities or her relationships or for the fifties and fifties. It has all got a really nice black and white look, and at times it seemed that Harron developed some of the black and white images to be toned more as it went along. It's a visible sight if you're not too knowledgeable about Bette Page, and probably also for fans.
