"The Notorious Bettie Page" is about a woman who would always be an actress, but instead became one of the most famous pin up girls in American history. Bettie Page played by Gretchen Mol was one of the first six icons in America. The type of modeling Bettie Page participated in included nudity and bondage, which led to a study by the US Senate in the 1950s. <br /> <br /> Going out of the movie, all I could think of was how far we got into terms of pornography since the 1950s. You can go on the Internet now and find some of the most disturbing and shocking images ever shot that the footage in "The Notorious Bettie Page" seems almost childish and innocent. Most of the images, including bondage, did not constitute nudity, since Bettie Page was involved today, we have sick pictures where we can see women who have sex with animals. I find that the envelope might have been pushed a bit too far since the 1950s because you are looking at this movie for today's pornography. It was very tastefully done. To be honest, I was pretty impressed with "The Notorious Bettie Page," I found the movie to be very well done and interesting. The movie is exactly what the trailer leads you to believe it will be and is a very interesting look at one of the first female sex icons in America. Gretchen Mol is similar to Bettie Page and gives a very good performance. I also thought that since the film was shot in black and white, the movie made it realistic because it made the audience believe they saw a movie created in the late 1950s. <br /> <br /> My only complaint about the movie was maturity, there seemed to be a few scenes that were cut and seemed to be slightly shorter than they should have been. I saw this up and it seems that 10 minutes was cut from the movie since the original show at the Toronto Film Festival. The end was also pretty pretty, and I expected a bit more of it or maybe some sections that came on the screen to tell the audience more about Bettie Page's life where the movie went off. It's my only two complaints about the movie, except that the director was solid, the play was great especially the Gretchen, and the writing was good. <br /> <br /> Mary Harron, who directed "American Psycho", which is one of my favorite films, is the director and author of "The Notorious Bettie Page." I feel that Mary is a very talented director who knows how to create a setting and creates good films based on characters, because like "Psycho", Bettie Page is a character study and a fine one in it. Harron captures the 40s and 50s with ease as well as all the characters. She is a very talented director, whom I hope will be for many years to come. <p> Bottom Line: "The Notorious Bettie Page" is definitely worth a visit. It is a very interesting story that shows how far America, as well as the world, has come in the form of pornography. The film also gives a fine performance by Gretchen Mol, who literally nails the role of Bettie Page on her head. And top it off with a talented director who could capture the look of an earlier era and you have a good movie on your hands. Unfortunately, this movie is likely to flop, as not many people who grew up in this era will be interested in the movie, but I think it's worth checking out. <br /> <br /> MovieManMenzel's last review for "The Notorious Bettie Side" is an 8/10. It is an interesting character study about one of the most famous pin up girls and sex icons in American history.
