If this movie hits you (as did us and apparently other theaters) as disappointingly thin, it may be because the subject itself is mildly disappointing. The film faithfully presents us Bettie Page as she was probably: a playful almost innocent from the South, whose career as "the pinup queen of the universe" was for her just greasy, naturally fun. Her possible moral nausea, religious repentance, and sudden departure from naked and bondage modeling are biographically accurate, yet difficult to understand, considering how unconscious she seemed to her livelihood. There are many reasons to watch this movie by itself, not least as the amazing b & w noir movie by W. Mott Hopfel III (complete with old-fashioned cloth and dissolving), the fidelity of the cast of Mary Harron's 1950s cast cast, perfect performance by some of our most underrated supporters (including Chris Bauer, Lili Taylor, Sarah Paulson, Austin Pendleton, Dallas Roberts, and Victor Slezak), not to mention Gretchen Mol's Oscar-worthy and technically difficult management. <br /> <br /> Ms. Mol makes several scenes completely naked and most others in amazing lingerie and "specialty" costumes (gloriously assembled by costume designer John A. Dunn), but she surprisingly maintains Bettie Page's untrained pleasure in her lush body. To see Ms. Mol like Ms Page, an aspiring actress who goes through degrees of gradually less "bad" auditions and student plays, is watching a really fine actress in full control of her craft. <br /> <br /> The manuscript brings us effectively into the 1950s America, where sexual abuse of children, lawless abduction and rape, and the legal repression of pornographic brands, which today seem ridiculously tame, are a reality. 50's New York is developed with seamless inter-cut news roll footage. 50's Miami comes alive in super saturated, 16mm-style color. The real Bettie Page seems to scam, smile and sit in front of us, yet the effect is curiously light, almost unclear and not at all dangerous. How strange the bondage's greatest icon should be so deficient in poison and that this technically excellent biopic should have so little stitch.
