I liked it ... just that ... I liked it, not like the animated series ... I love it !!!. The fact that this is less appealing is that we are all trying to compare and not appreciate, but this cartoon was great, but it really didn't like that much. There are too many people talking about Bruce being so cold, but if it is about 5 years later, someone in a crime-fighting gang will get this angry and darker attitude so it's not a mistake for me. Batgirl was great, she really fits there, as there is no more Dick Grayson like Robin, Batman needed a good teammate, not like the new Robin, he's just a kid, and you can't rely on a child so much. But here's what didn't work: The new work of art ... it's not terrible, but ... it doesn't work in a series like batman. This is a dark character with a madman like the joker, so you can't put this kind of art into this cartoon. Joker is not a bad design, but I still like the former joker (but for me the best joker was ever the one that appeared in batman beyond: the joker's return), so this joker is not nearly as good. The good thing about the joker is that it still marks Hamil's voice. My favorite character: Harley Quinn (I'm in love with her) They put a fantastic episode for her: Mad Lover (for me the best episode of this series). Here we finally know how she turned Harley Quinn and how the joker twisted, and it feels the atmosphere you feel in the animated series, darker, no happy end, brutal struggle with the joker (but too short), this is how it would be the whole series. BUT in general, I didn't like how she made Harley in this series ... in almost every episode they put fun, but in a ridiculous way she gets beaten, she says nonsense, she makes mistakes fun in a way you can laugh with her, not from her ... and here they put ridiculous (as I said the only episode where I do not think it is in mad food and beware of creeper) So in general it is a good series, it has the ups and downs , the move could be better (ME GOOD !!! DEATH THE WOMAN!) Beautiful sound effects, good music, fine voices and fine episodes: my favorites, crazy love, jokers millions, old wounds, father's sins and cold comfort. If you enjoy Batman: TAS you can see this, but not too much if you don't watch TAS then look first and then TAS that way you'll really love TAS: D
