The New Batman Adventures (also called Gotham Knights) take place 5 years after the last episodes of Batman: The Animated Series (B: TAS) and only broadcast to 24 episodes. This is not a terrible show, but it's just not as good as the original Batman Animated Series. I begin with all the things that I found not to be very good. First thing is first, the animation itself: long and sweet, Gotham is not dark anymore, the sky is always light red and orange, B: TAS did it too, but it was drawn on a dark palate. The color of heaven was more vicious, in this show the color of the sky is light. It all just looks like every other child shows and doesn't seem unique to Batman: TAS did it with its dark, cool art style at Gotham. The art style is ok but doesn't remind me of Batman anymore. Each character consists of straight lines, squares and triangles that make the characters less human. In the original series (B: TAS), characters look more like drawn versions of real people. The animation can be more consistent here than in B: TAS, but it's certainly not so good. <br /> <br /> Next: Some of the episodes seem too stupid and childish, but some of the issues are even stronger than in B: TAS. (Two-Face tries to kill Tim Drake / Robin 2 and some villains get a bit of hard treatment). This leads me to my next point. Because this will take place in the future as well as the last episodes of Batman Animated Universe, many villains face their death or leave forever. Poison Ivy apparently drowns when a cruise ship explodes; Two-Face almost kills Penguin, Killer Croc and himself so he has moved to Arkham forever; Joker falls into an industrial plant's exhaust tower (although he returns later in the Justice League Animated Series); Catwoman moves away to France, leaving Batman, etc. Just because the series ends, doesn't mean they have to get rid of some great characters! The bad guys motives are also pretty bad. There is no! In B: TAS, we learn that these villains are mentally afflicted and their lives are destroyed. Therefore, they act as they do. In this show, the villains only commit crimes to advance the story. It's just like Batman just doesn't even worry about saving what's sensible left in the people he's fighting, he just beats them meaningless. This Batman is a colder and more characteristic version of the character, but since he has worked in this work for years, I can see why he is so hard. <br /> <br /> Next, they are redesigned drawing models: they are horrible. Gordon slipped down around £ 100 ... is he sick? Many villains see STUPID (Joker, Riddler, Catwoman, Mr. Freeze, Mad Hatter and Killer Croc are among the WORST). Although I think some characters look better (Bane, Scarecrow, Batgirl). Harley is about the same, and Ivy (which is even warmer now) has light green skin. <br /> <br /> With the series having many flaws, some episodes are great - Over Edge, Mad Love, Beware of Creeper, Girls Night Out, Old Wounds, Legends of the Dark Knight, and Never Fear are my favorites here , In my opinion. All the crosses with Batman in the Superman Animated Series were also great. The absolute WORST part about this show is how the creators say they love the animation of this series more than the original. On the DVD features of the original Batman Animated Series, they talked about how proud they were with the art style and how difficult some characters were to animate, but they eventually succeeded (the difficult animation needed to animate Clayface for example ). On the DVD features of New Batman Adventures, the creators basically say "To hell with B: TAS, it's a fresh, new vamp, it looks better, and we love how we almost RUIN SERIES!" (Okay, it's an exaggeration). Since the creators threw the amazing art style of B: TAS that really annoyed me! <br /> <br /> It's not a bad show, but I still don't like it as much as the original animated series. At least the show doesn't show to the audience, so I still recommend it. Although some of the episodes in this new series are amazing and worth seeing. Superman: The Animated Series and Justice League: The Animated Series are great follow-up shows for Batman: The Animated Series and The New Batman Adventures, so give them a watch.
