This Showtime movie really deserves a much better viewer rating than a 4.5; I gave it a 10 based on the story and play of the two stars. After reading the viewers comments, I was surprised at how many people were expecting this movie to be a comedy. Yes, I see that IMDb lists it as Comedy / Drama under Genre. It's probably misleading, isn't it? Luckily I saw the movie before I logged on to this site, so I didn't have that expectation. In fact, based on the synopsis of what I heard, I fully expected that it was just a drama. I wonder if the disappointment that this is not a funny movie led to so many low voices. <br /> <br /> Another factor that could have caused low voices is that this movie is very "character driven". 'Driving Miss Daisy' is an example of another character-driven movie that comes to mind. Someone's previous comment complained about a boring attempt. Tom's (Danny Glover) work scenes seemed to distract from the movie's real plot. It was how he constructed the upward social climbing of his family - or his personal troops if you wanted. But they served to establish credibility and justification as their right to move to Greenwich and move 'up' into the world. <br /> <br /> Tom's occupation was forced. He turned out to stop by nothing to interfere with the white neighborhood. His chagrin, when another black person moved alongside, was not due to skin color. It was because of all that "interloper" represented; everything Tom had left behind. In essence, Tom had become an Oreo cookie: Black on the outside, but white on the inside. The last 20 minutes of this movie are among the most powerful written, directed and acted (by Whoopi Goldberg) I have ever had the pleasure of witnessing. I realized that the movie's climax wasn't the obvious event that happened next door (didn't want to give it away). The Climax is verbal, and Whoopi delivers it. I'm still not aware if it's the conversation when she informs Tom what college Tom-TWO comes to, or when she releases it, all in the middle of the night, and Tom wakes up. Nevertheless, denouement is great. You know that life on that street will never be the same. My favorite kind of character-driven flick: People go through trouble, a little pain, do their dance, they grow, they change and life continues. As an audience I can learn something or be inspired.
