If you weren't there then this movie is unfortunately more than compassion for you. As I say is a shame because even though some of the actors are amateurish, it is supposed to be for realism. Let's face it - in real life we ​​don't say things in a demanding or perfect way, even when we mean it. In that sense, it works. However, this does not apply to our "famous" actors in this movie, especially Jodie Foster (born a natural). The fact that the other 3 girls are not achieved adds only the story - Jodie plays the glue that struggles to keep their friendship close, even with the obvious sense of death. This means that no matter how close friends there are, there are some people who just fade away, no matter how you try. <br /> <br /> And there's the core of the movie. It's not about partying, it's not about sexuality, but about these 4 girls and their last time as still young girls before they have to go the world alone. <br /> <br /> If you have ever had a friendship like this in your life you will feel this movie - it will mean a lot to you, no matter what era it is in or what era you grew up in. We knew all these girls in school or at least knew about them. We all knew the frustrated virgins, half who will stick to childhood and half who desperately want to grow up and think that it will do it for her. We all knew the boyhood, the fashion plate, whose vanity hides her fear of the world, her fear of acceptance. We all knew the party's girl, the one they whispered about, with stories of not only her sad home life, but of her infamous exploits. And we all knew the "mother figure", one slightly more real, a little more grounded, a little more sad because she knew what would happen. Maybe you were one of those girls. Perhaps, like me, you had each been at one time or another ... This movie really captures the fragile time in life when desires, needs, pressures, womenhood, childhood, world and loneliness are all crafted in every woman's head, each factor on the precipitate. What aspect do you hold? What are you throwing over the edge, no matter how you might stick? And how painful is goodbye to everything you have known? That's what this movie is - step into femininity while clinging to childhood and how awful it is to continue to walk. If you were there, you know ... and love this movie as I do. Aching and tenderly done. A fine piece of trapped femininity.
