As a low budget company, where the filmmakers themselves produce and distribute the DVDs themselves, we may not expect too much from Broken in disc form. And what's most remarkable about this whole performance is that this release comes with enough extra to shame a James Cameron DVD and a particular fine presentation. <br /> <br /> With regard to the latter, the only major mistake the Broken comes with is a non-anamorphic transfer. Otherwise, we get the movie in its original 1.85: 1 ratio, which shows no technical flaws and looks pretty much as expected. In fact, considering Ferrari's hands to get started putting this disk together, you can basically guarantee such a fact. The same goes for the soundtrack. Here, both DD2.0 and DD5.1 ​​mixtures are offered, and although I am uncertain of what should be considered "original", the fact that Ferrari had been involved in both means was not considered to be subordinate. Although DD5.1 ​​can offer a more atmospheric experience because of the way it utilizes the score, both are equally fine and free of technical errors. <br /> <br /> As for extras, the counter is overwhelmed by them. Take a look at the sidebar to the right of the screen and you will see many comments, lots of featurettes and various galleries. In fact, given the way everything has been divided into chunks rather than compiled into a long documentary, there is actually very little to discuss. The anatomy of a stunt featurette is e.g. Exactly what it claims to be and the same goes for the rest of the pieces. As such, we get coverage on almost always the aspect of Broken's pre-production, production and after-production. And although it may have been preferable to find them in a more easily digestible overall 'production', we will have easy access to the special feature we may want to see. <br /> <br /> Of the various pieces, it may be only the comments that require any kind of discussion. Then again, there is also a predictable air for each of the chat tracks. The one who involves the actors is far too joke and does not take the film too seriously. Ferrari's pieces are incredibly excited about it all. And the technical is good, extremely technical. Of course, we also get a cross with what has been covered elsewhere on the disks, but in just 19 minutes none of these pieces are very welcome. In fact all in all a nice extra package.
