An independent function can now be seen as both a work of film art and a video resumption. Enter Broken, and aggressively promoted, twenty minutes in style and enthusiasts to save. But is it something good as a movie, or does it only work as a demo piece? Oh, that's in the friction. <br /> <br /> Broken is the story of Bonnie Clayton, abducted after the revival of a revived nightmare one night by "a sadistic stranger and his colorful entourage" (quotes from the video box). Being held in captivity, it becomes obvious that her abductors know things about her that even she did not know about herself. As they ask her, a black-clad soldier shoots her way into their shade to save her. Mayhem follows. <br /> <br /> Luckily for us, director Alex Ferrari seems to know what he's doing, or at least he's very good at faking it. The Broken does not suffer from any lack of visual flair, which is particularly appreciative given its budget and inexperience among all involved. What it suffers from is weak and kind derived in writing. Think Long Kiss Goodnight meets the Matrix, written ten minutes after reading Fight Club. The good news for Ferrari and producer / writer Jorge Rodriguez is that story items are easily ignored for oodles of eye candy on the screen. Does the plot really mean so much about a twenty-minute card to show the technical skills of its creators? No not really. <br /> <br /> Although it would be unfair for me to overlook any negative aspects in view of the film's budget and length. Broken is no genre classic. The biggest problem was that it would actually have worked better as a full length feature. The final "twist" does not get enough build-up time to be shocking. If Ferrari was allowed to slowly burn the feature as needed, plate elements would seem less random and the movie more complete. Here's to know he's getting the chance. <br/> <br /> Audio Brokens Dolby Digital 5.1 presentation is unparalleled in the indie world. I have never heard such aggressive surround from such a small feature. The Matrix inspired soundtrack is very rich and deep, shots have shots and even the dialogue comes in to surround effects. Of all that is presented on this disc, it is the sound that praises modern independent DVD production. Also included is an equally impressive Dolby 2.0 surround track, which is the default menu. <br /> <br /> Extra There are literally several hours to make functions on this disk. There are so many extras in fact that I find it unrealistic to list and describe each of them here while I still expect my readers to continue reading. No matter what the actual card lacks, the DVD is unprecedented in its information resources. People who enjoy the movie can learn everything there is to know about their production, including everything from the conceptual art to the campaign. Those with plans to make their own movie can learn just about everything they need to know about these features. <br /> <br /> The extras are divided into categorical menus. These include: pre-production, production, post-production, after cards and cast-crew bios. From a critical point of view, I found out that some of the sections were rather short. Had they been edited for a featurette pr. Menu item, they would have been less frustrating to navigate as by default, curser selects the top choice with each return to the main section menu. Of course it's just nitpicking, but maybe for future DVD releases, the filmmakers will take my advice to the heart. <br /> <br /> It has six audio commentaries and hours of interviews and talented people, and despite the consonant sales force, their true colors are shining through. The willingness to share their film-making secrets with everyone who fetches this DVD is quite generous. From the extras, I learned which editing and effects software is most reliable and effective, which brand camera creates the most professional look at the lowest price, even where you can get cheap air meeting weapons. Besides this I got several alternative options if I could not find any products that were used on this production. Wannabe filmmakers who are not willing to read a book on the subject would do well to watch this DVD. All in all, I scored the actual short as a 6 out of 10, but wished there was an opportunity for feature-length potential and effort because I would have scored it an 8 or 9 in those fields. I recommend the DVD for its features and as a perfect example of what can be done with just 8,000 US dollars. Those who buy the DVD can think of themselves as ghost producers for a larger project, as the more attention these guys get, the more funding the version of the function length gets.
