In my work style, I am occasionally contacted by independent filmmakers trying to publish their films. When I can, I take a look at these low-budget movies, and often they make me believe that Hollywood's future goes to the dogs. But once in a while, there is a movie born of pure passion and desire as if created to remind the film industry that good movies are still possible. The short film BROKEN, directed by Alex Ferrari, is a real surprise and worth seeing another look. <br /> <br /> Clocking in about 20 minutes, BROKEN tries to tell a compelling (but surreal) story with almost no back story. The crowd is plunged in the middle of the action with no idea what is happening. A young woman (Samantha Jane Polay) awakens from a dream to hear a shot and is subsequently abducted from her home. When she wakes up, she is surrounded by a group of mercenaries that resemble being in a comic book. These ugly boys and girls are bigger than life. They are all weapons and knives. There is no way out. <br /> <br /> The kicker here is that although it's a low budget movie, it doesn't play like one. From the beginning, the feeling that B R O K E N has been shot, edited and produced by professionals. It looks like something Quentin Tarantino might have done on his day off when he was with the Wachowski brothers. The film is crisp and cool, it looks good and it feels like something big. The play is much better than I usually see in these smaller films. Polay and Paul Gordon (who play the main killings, Duncan) were well-chosen. As two of the few speaking roles in the film, it is up to them to wear the film. No special effects, no matter how good, would have saved this movie from bad acting. Luckily, Polay manages to convey true fears and Gordon manages to come out as a true psycho. Some of the more limited roles seem to be full of less talent, but it hardly shows. <br /> <br /> The disadvantage of B R O K E N is that it is only 20 minutes long. The story ends with a Twilight Zone twist that seems a little crafted and is hardly subtle. When I looked at it, I felt I should have some epiphany, but there was only a feeling that it was much more mundane than I had hoped it would be. The movie is trying hard to be one of those puzzles that leaves the audience talking for hours at the local coffee shop, but it comes out as unsatisfactory. I still think this is the first 20 minutes of a longer movie. MY RATING: 8 out of 10.
