After Snare's delights, it was unlikely that a further trip to Hanzo would do better, and it does not break that expectation, but it is a fine movie and sits right in between the fun but messy first chapter and the fantastic second in terms of quality and general entertainment. The manuscript comes from Yasuzo Masumura and has some parallels with The Snare, as well as the expected hi-jinks of a Hanzo movie, but the film makes fine changes to the formula by enhancing the character-driven humor as well as giving the film a quieter reflective edge. The film opens with Hanzo's assistants who are afraid of a ghost, and typically he immediately decides that he should have carnival knowledge of this ghost. It turns out that the ghost serves as a guard for a stash of stolen coins, and from this set-up, one unfolds a story of theft, corruption and remuneration with expected violent and cunning results. Shintaro Katsu is great as expected as Hanzo, who comes without problems as a deadly giant and sexual force in nature, he is as good at present knowing humor and sympathetic, almost an ordinary gentleman in dramatic moments, it is a beautifully rounded achievement filled with social conscience and a touching edge of personal feeling. The expected comedy also looks good, his moments with "Snake" Magobei are perhaps the most entertaining of the series, while his interactions with his servants are cosily entertaining as ever. Though it is nicely loaded all the way through with cozy moments, a lot of action and a little sleaze, the movie loses a bit of a relatively reluctant approach. There are shades of both previous films, plotting, pace and smarts recalling The Snare and when the film aims at sleaze it does very well, with a heavily handled and powerful early interrogation sequence. Similarly, director Yoshio Inoue presents potentially spinning scenes in a more experimental way as per Kenji Misumi's less well-managed work in Sword Of Justice, with consequences that are sometimes very nice, as with a man playing a tune on the koto, with close-ups of his fingers plucked on the strings as unknown to him Hanzo plowing his wife and sometimes a little weak as with an orgy reduced to a nudity free psychedelic swirling of moving limbs that just look confusing. The necessity and bloodshed are generally shaded, which is a shame, although there is a bit of both, a stronger approach would have worked better, it is certainly the kind of movie where scary and unrestrained nudity and violence are most appropriate. But even with less in the way of exploitable goods, this is still thoroughly entertaining, the predictable moments are accomplished with aplomb and there is more than enough intrigue and excitement, even some effective surprises go. It is a movie for the fans who really play the work laid down in the previous installments and work sweetly if it is not spectacular with it. All in all, an almost completely comfortable, if it is faintly flawless, joins a lovely trilogy, the second best of them and it is worth looking for enthusiasts of such things.
