After the glorious "Goyôkiba" (aka "Hanzo The Razor - Sword of Justice", 1972) and its excellent (and even slimmer) successor "Goyôkiba: Kamisori Hanzô jigoku zeme" (aka "Razor 2: The Snare", 1973 ), this "Goyôkiba: Oni no Hanzô yawahada koban" aka. "Razor 3: Who's Got The Gold" is the third and unfortunately final episode to the amazing story of the indestructible samurai-constable Hanzo 'The Razor' Ittami (brilliantly played by the great Shintarô Katsu) who fights corruption with his martial arts as well as his huge sexual powers. As a big fan of the 70s exploitation movie theater made in Nippon, "Sword Of Justice" became an instant favorite of mine, and so I was more than eager to find dominance and full of expectation when I finally stumbled upon them for recent. While this third "Hanzo" movie just isn't as brilliant as its predecessors, it's certainly another great piece of cult movie theater that no Japanese exploit cinema lover can afford to miss. "Who's got the gold" is a bit tamer than the two previous Hanzo movies, but it's just as brilliant comic and cruel humorous, and starts off strangely strange: The movie begins when Hanzo's two assistants see a female ghost when they fish. Hanzo has always wanted to sleep with a ghost and insists that his assistants lead him to the place of occurrence. If it's not a promising beginning for a great movie experience, I don't know what's going on. Shintaro Katsu, one of my personal favorite actors, is once again brilliant in the role of Hanzo, a role that seems to be written specifically for him. Katsu is Hanzo, the stubborn and fearless constable who hates corruption and deliberately offends his superiors and whose unique interrogation techniques include rape female suspects. The interrogated women fall immediately for him because of his sexual powers and huge penis which he trains in a rather grotesque routine ritual. I will not give away more about the plot in "Who's Got The Gold", but I can assure you that it is as cool as it sounds. The supporting ideas are also very good, and as in the predecessors there are lots of hilarious eccentric characters. It is unfortunately the last movie in the awesomely sleazy 'Hanzo' series. If they had made 20 more followers, I had fortunately seen them all! The whole Hanzo series is brilliant, and while this third part is slightly inferior to its predecessors, it is definitely a must-see for all lovers of cult cinema! Oh how I wish they had made more followers!
