L'Hypothèse du tableau volé / The stolen painting hypothesis (1979) begins on the farm of an old three-storey Parisian apartment building. Inside, we meet The Collector, an elderly man who apparently has dedicated his life to the study of the six known existing paints of an unclear impressionist painter, Tonnerre. A narrator recites various epigrams about art and painting and then enters into a dialogue with The Collector, which describes the paintings for us, shows them to us, tells us a little about the painter and the scandal that brought him down and then tells us that he will show Something .... When he goes through a doorway, we go into another world or worlds or maybe extend to the borders, other possible worlds. The collector shows us through his seemingly limitless house, including a large yard full of trees with a hill; Within these limits, the 6 paintings are vivid or halfway to life as he walks us through various tabloids and describes to us the possible meanings of each painting of the work as a whole by a whole secret story behind the paintings, scandal, peoples of the paintings, novel who may have inspired the paintings. And so on and so on. Each room, every description leads us deeper into a labyrinth, and constantly the collector and narrator engage in their separate monologues, who often occasionally engage in dialogue, but mostly stay separate and different. <br /> <br /> I saw this another time, so bizarre and powerful and unspeakable, and so challenging to think or write about. If I have a guess what it all adds up, it would be a blurred satire of the whole kind of artistic interpretation. An indicator can be found in two of the most entertaining and inexplicable scenes are those where the collector constitutes some sexless plastic figures - in the second of them he also looks at pictures taken of the figures that reflect the positions in the paintings - - then he goes through its collection, which is now partly composed of life-size versions of the figures. If we think too much about it and not just enjoy it, it just becomes faceless plastic .... <br /> <br /> Whether I've come to any concrete conclusions about "L'Hypothèse du tableau volé" or not, I can certainly say that outside of the early (and contemporary) works of Peter Greenaway as "A Walk Through H", I have rarely been so excited about something so deep, so serious, so close .... and in the heart, so vicious and fun.
