This project was originally conceived as the movie version of the popular Japanese manga SlamDunk! and it is nothing new for Jay Chou who made his film debut to play a character from another wildly popular manga Initial D. Along the way it was decided to incorporate some kung fu into the movie and thus the title, although the idea was not so original when Stephen Chow's Shaolin Soccer came in mind with martial arts and ball games combined. But and fortunately, the scenes where kung fu actually influenced the games were kept to a minimum, and in Kung Fu Dunk, really unnecessary, because they didn't add much to the plot or drum up much excitement and gave at most some cheap laughs and memories about the time when Stephen Chow used kung fu in football matches. Jay Chou is comfortable in his role as martial artist Fang Shi-jie, as it was not the first time he fought with martial arts (curse of the golden flower anyone?), And under the stunt direction of Ching Siu-Tung he was made to look really trustworthy, when he throws countless gangsters in a bar as seen in the trailer just to tell who's the boss. It was almost because his character was made as a kung fu performer, and for the fact of giving him an excuse to be a top shot capable of shooting hoops from almost any angle. And along with Eric Tsang as a little time, hustler Chen-Li, who sees his potential and becomes his agent, joins a university to play varsity basketball, but not without the original objection of the team captain Ting-wei (Chen Bo -Lin) and the team star Xiao-lan (Baron Chen, in his big screen debut). But you know with team members on the same page, it's not long before they combine their strengths to resist opponents on the basketball court. <br /> <br /> And I want to keep my neck out saying that this movie is like basketball like how the goal was to football. It made the sport look good because of its charismatic character, despite the fact that they drop so much cooling off and away from the courts. Here, special effects and wire work were employed to make the actors act as professionals who can take a topside in the NBA league and honestly look really great, especially when imitating various dunking movements and performing combo moves thanks to technology and stunt work. So, in fact, the kung fu elements don't have to be in the movie. The stunt work itself may justify most movements as they are completely grounded into reality, and only have you to suspend the belief that boys of average height have springs in their feet to jump the height of a professional dunk. <Br /> <br /> Shame, too, that the number of games was only a handful, over time spent on lots of subplots, but each was loosely developed and flitted in and out of the story when and when they needed it. Things like the abandoned Shi-jies striving to use the basketball players to get their parents one day, participate in them, the gangster penetrates and affects games and his love life with Charlene Choi in yet another flower vase just to look good and do it nothing else. All act a little too cold and leave little room for protagonists to add depth. One of the main themes here is the realization of the importance of teamwork rather than individual talent and ability, and it could have been much stronger if players themselves interacted much more out of court than only on it and under competitive games, except the high-fidelity and friendly pass. <br /> <br /> With the $ 10 million budget, it's easy to see where the money went - the effects, especially a massive fantasy sequence at a crucial point in the movie. It's pretty flawless, nice to look at and probably sound on its quality alone, but again I would like to emphasize that even without these elements, the basketball fans would even make this a good movie with nifty basketball movements. And having Jay Chou play for your team is a big boost to any hope of a box office success.
