Jay Chou plays an orphan raised in a kung fu school, but kicked out of the corrupt principal after struggling with a bunch of thugs in the hiring of a jailed villain. He is taking on Eric Tsang, who immediately sees cash potential in youth skills. Basketball is the chosen path for wealth, and Tsang offers to get him a place on a college team and promote him in the media. General success leads to a basketball championship and a really ugly rival team managed by the same disgusting villain from before. <br /> <br /> It's a bit of Shaolin Soccer I guess, but not so quirky or ridiculous - the plot is beautifully close to sports movie conventions and delivers all the elements the audience expects from the setup. You've seen it all before, but that's the kind of thing it never hurts to see again when it's done well. Fortunately, it's really good here (some may say surprisingly with Chu Yen-Ping in the director's chair ... I expect he had good 'assistants') - the script delivers and the presentation is slim and stylish. Jay Chou stays pretty much expressive all the way through, but that's his style, and when he does, a feeling may flicker over it being a pretty good comic effect. Eric Tsang compensates with a greater than life character, which he played many times before (in fact, for example), which gets many of the film's most emotional moments. When the film is about basketball, it is good that the scenes in basketball matches fit well. The cast shows some real skills, including Chou, and some well-done wirework and CGI adds the element of hyper-real kung fu skills that make the scenes even more entertaining (assuming you like those things) and justify the movie's plot / existence. <br /> <br /> There is only one major battle scene in the movie, but it's a doozy in the "one against many" style. Jay Chou seems to make many of his own moves and is quite impressive - he is obviously quite strong and fast-paced, and Ching Siu-Tung's choreography makes him look like a real martial artist. I wish there was more, but at least it's a long struggle. Very much the kind of Chinese New Year, I hoped it would be from the trailer and recommended the view!
