Lost, probably the best t.v series ever made. The story is clever and when all your questions are answered during an episode, there are 100 more. If lost can continue it's great ways and don't stay too bored then it will be the best show ever. The survivors of a plane crash are forced to live with each other on a remote island, a dangerous new world that poses unique threats by itself. After reading this can your thinking how on earth be interesting? And here's your answer, every season so far you have always been full of surprises, you always ask yourself, why was it just happened and what has to happen next time is very unexpected thing happened, and the story goes on so wonderfully! The series just sucks you in, it's chilling and very addictive, everything from the wonderful creators and leads to the magnificent cast of the cast creates a very credible story. Lost is simply incredible, great, very entertaining, top notch, eg at the best. But you will ever put it. <br /> <br /> Lost beat is all other show with a landslide. And if your hating or criticizing you did not know how to see or see drama. Lost simply did not disappoint, you would think that a series that continues for so long can not continue to improve. But it does! It just keeps on floating it is unlike anything you would ever think of. "Everything happens for a reason." And it's really shown in the series. Finally, you come to a point where all tracks and everything that has happened or done adds. You will feel and realize how the characters have changed and how and why everything happens. <br /> <br /> The 10 minute excitement: You see something you couldn't see, something big happened with signs or on the island. There is hope somewhere. You see a big twist that can or will change everything. You hear your thought curvature, you wonder what will happen next time. Your heart beats. The 30 Minute Shine: You see a flawless scene, thrill building, you hear wonderful music by Michael Giacchino. You see amazing flashbacks, impressive plays. You see the wittiness, chill atmosphere, which then gets converted back into excitement. <br /> <br /> Everyone has it, show they are addicted too, they can't get enough of that they admire every minute and can't wait for the next episode to talk about 24/7. For me and many others this series is. Lost. When you start to see, you don't get enough. The creators did a flawless job. Lost is completely unique and original, you will not see anything like it. The clever idea of ​​"flashbacks and flashforwards" and something big and different in every season sucks your thoughts. Would they ever make a series like "SOLID"? Something so interesting and something you will always remember. It has simply stunned the world as it hit t.v. A new generation of dramatic / sci-fi. An instant classic before it reached the viewers. I'm sure you've all heard of lost, and it's 5 star reviews, and your annoying friend who won't stop telling you, so what's that? Every episode leads to something new and it just doesn't stop getting better and better, you become more interested as it goes together, you learn things on the island that you wouldn't even think about. The characters begin to be very sympathetic, and if your criticism you will love to see Lost in detail, think things like how the relationship between characters evolves and how they learn ways to see and take on island challenges. All in all, it is a fantastic drama and a flawless series. I think we all hope that lost will not have a decline in the episodes of coming and going far .... so if you do not look lost, read the comment from the top again and you must change your mind. Seeing is believing, so until you start to see you, you'll never know. I highly recommend this masterpiece in the series: LAST !! start watching !!! You haven't seen anything before you look LAST !!!
