came to work on this movie when it was made back in the summer of 1990. Shot partly in the Biltmore Estate in Asheville, NC and the remaining parts in Winston-Salem. RJ Reynolds massive offices were used in several office scenes and locations around the beautiful city known as the tulip capital of the world Winston-Salem! I enjoyed my work even though it was extremely hard work to build all sets like the Golf of Mexico, where Renee Russo and Jim Belushi went on their date. I also had a big hand in decorating the bar where Larry meets the magic bartender Mr. Destiny. I hit all those pictures on the wall of sports hats and decorated the phone box where Larry made a phone call to a cabin. I even made my mother's photo at eye level so I could freeze the frame and show it to her when we saw it. I remember painting the grass in his old house with green dye because it had to be soaked first (it was a new house in a new development and I assume they leased it to the movie) .. so I had to cut the newly made soda to make it look good .. man it was difficult! As for the film when we made it, we had no idea what it would be like, but after seeing it, I fell in love with it because I really tell the story of "what if" as good as I had ever seen it, including amazing it's a wonderful life I cried so many times <br /> <br /> I can't count. I met the wonderful actor Michael Caine while shooting scenes at an old minor league ballpark where Larry's boyhood scenes were played and played. I remember after he made one and was going back to his trailer, I ran him down and asked him for a picture and he was very gracious and said "why not!" He is a good guy and a truly natural and powerful actor. I can't say the same to Jim Belushi. He was so full of himself, smoked big Cuban cigars and spoke loudly so <br /> <br /> Everyone in earshot could hear his every word. His career never took off, but he has recently had a decent TV career. I would say watch this movie if you ever get the chance. It is wonderful and really deep and right. You can feel Larry's pain after he enters the new world, Mr. Destiny gives him after hitting the homer and since he wants so much for people to think that he is not this bad guy, everyone believes he is. They all believe he belongs to a nuthouse! But in the end he wins people, but then he wants his real life back so badly, especially his wonderful wife, played so beautifully by Linda Hamilton .. and he wants his dog back! Then see it.
