While the original 1932 version, with Preston Foster, was good, no resume is worthy of this 1959, or more impossible to find anywhere, and I strongly believe Mickey Rooney has had something to do with it. Never could a pure performance ever be so masterfully brilliant, or a script more thought-provoking, as well as an improvement of the original. Many years after the last of my several prospects of this movie in 1970, I read an article in which Mickey Rooney tells a visit he had made to death and which apparently very drastically eliminated any kind of personal identification, felt with people in similar case. The article was as short as the main character here and did not cover much more than the degree to which his extreme disillusionment with the quality of the inmates himself had been emphasized, even in languages, I would not like to expressly quote here. . . . . One of my main problems with the death penalty is that, of course, it is not arbitrarily used impartially, just as many innocent people are too careless and thus unnecessarily sent to fulfill that particular destiny. Another problem I have with it is that it is not used fast enough, or for that matter, even publicly enough! The Bible makes a special point in such cases of one of the more important purposes of such as dissuasive, being ineffective obscure, minus, not just a public display, but also the direct participation of all! As for those who claim to prove statistically, that is not an effective deterrent? In addition to having a problem about the reliability of their data, I have suffered if any objectively inevitable doubt is many behind bars now because of the degree that such dissuasive deficiencies. However, I have a problem that Robert Duvall, in the Apostle, had been punished at all for his particular "crime" or that the only hope of forgiveness for such as he had to be based on a "temporary insane" defense as if it were serve as the only acceptable excuse in its kind cases. . . . In addition to various other questions regarding Mickey Rooney's motives for that visit, he had told, and on the answers I can only try to speculate, I assume that the main one was of a particular religious nature. I do not know exactly when he became a Christian Christian, he now makes a special point where it is possible to emphasize that he is; But as someone should be aware, this particular category of people is most likely to utilize the blood when it comes to extracting an eye for the eye. However, I have no particular complaint about it in itself, as there is no doubt in writing that not everyone, and perhaps even most, must be saved the same ultimate fate in the hands of the Lord as a result of his sacrifice on the cross. However, there is a problem for me about the spirit or attitude most Christian Christians attach to their enthusiasm for the death penalty; for, unlike the Lord himself, who will love to see all who are saved (Ezekiel 18:32) (II Peter 3: 9), they seem to go wild out of their way to find reasons to condemn! . . . What most people on both sides of this extraordinarily burning problem cannot seem to appreciate adequately is that the Lord is so dynamic and elusive soft in nature that He is difficult. The two sides of his nature seem to be so intrinsically incompatible that they make him mentally confused, at least at every strictly human expense. Nonetheless, it is undeniable that it is certain that this miraculously dynamic mixture of water and oil in its nature is undoubtedly that something thereof or something fanatic and characteristic on one side or the other of this equation falls insufficient and unacceptable card throughout the trial. In fact, I have seen the most bloodthirsty thirst for the same, though contradictory enough, too many times, when the categorically anti-death fighters are confronted, even in the most rationally balanced ways, with the fact that even though the Lord died for all, not all everyone will be rescued. In order to receive absolution, in order to repeat the same expression one must reach out and receive it, that is, repentance (Luke 13: 3-5). Could something be more sensible? . . . But what about the Lord's command to forgive, even in the case of one's enemies, those who despise and persecute you without just cause or provocation? One of the overriding difficulties with this kind of sentimentality as it is popularly misinterpreted is the way it prevents over-simplifying the real meaning of forgiveness. The act of forgiveness does not in itself mean the same as unconditionally apologizing to the forgiveness. Taking a clear, sober and rationally well-balanced view from it, it is from God's own attitude, whatever it actually corresponds to, an eager desire that the beneficiary ultimately succeed in finding his way, seeing the light, and becoming granted mercy. This attitude, of course, is the opposite of, says it, for Jonah, who has really despised it when God told him that his preaching to Nineveh's people would result in their repentance. Jonah didn't want them to repent, but claimed they were destroyed. Where self-righteous, cold-blooded like most reassuring Christians, he was, except that even his reasons were undoubtedly better than most! I envy Jonah almost as much as he wanted me! But minus the repentance of the forgiveness, any forgiveness he receives from a true Christian cannot do him any good. In such a case, the only one beneficial is the true Christian himself!
