New York City houses a man over all others, the possibly immortal Dr. Anton Mordrid. Mordrid is the sweden's protector of humanity using his magic powers to keep his brother and rival, Solitaire, combed together so that he cannot slave over humanity. Well, wouldn't you know? A prophecy comes true, and Solitaire breaks free and begins to gather elements (including platinum and uranium) for his alchemy experiments. Using a policeman named Sam, can Mordrid defeat his evil brother? "Dr. Mordrid" comes to me with the kindness of Charles Band in the Full Moon Archive Collection. I hadn't heard of it, which is a bit odd because I'm a big fan of Jeffrey Combs (Mordrid) and the movie isn't that old. But now it's mine and I can enjoy it again and again. The movie is definitely fun in the classic Full Moon style. Richard Band gives the music (which doesn't differ much from all its other scores) and Brian Thompson plays the evil cabal. We even have animated dinosaur legs! What more do you want? Of course, the cheese factor is high. I felt a lot of the movie was a rip-off of Dr. Strict comics. And the blue pantsuit was silly. And the plot holes are everywhere (I could list at least five, but why bother). And why does the old symbol of Mordrid and Kabal look suspicious as a hammer and seal? Combs has never been a strong actor, so he fits right into the cheese. There are no complaints. Full Moon fans have become accustomed to these things and devour them as explosive grapes. I'm guilty ... I loved this movie. <br /> <br /> If you're not a Full Moon fan or a Jeffrey Combs fan ... you might want to look elsewhere. But if you like the early 1990's style of film making and haircuts, you eat it here. Stallone and Schwarzenegger fans like to see Brian Thompson as a villain who looks like goony as ever and is unable to pronounce English beyond a third level. I did. I wish there was a "Mordrid II", but the company that makes a sequel to just about everything (is "Gingerdead Man 3" really necessary?) Passed on this.
