I really enjoyed "Doctor Mordrid". This is a low-budget movie, which can be a deterrent to some, but I have no problem with it. I admire it even more for that, considering that it is much more entertaining than the drive that Hollywood churns out every year. Too bad it didn't get a theatrical release; I don't know about anyone else, but I would have gone to see it in theaters. "Doctor Mordrid" is a very entertaining science fiction movie that almost everyone can enjoy, especially if they are in sci-fi just like I am. I can't see why this is an R-rated movie; only one f-word is said, and there are no cruel death scenes, nor is there any blood at all. The timeless rivalry between the wizards Anton and Kabal (Anton wanted the use of his powers to save humanity while Kabal wanted to enslave them) gave the story a sense of enchantment, while the mythical plotline added charm to the story itself. Basically, it's a movie that's just fun to watch. There is an unintentional fun thing in this movie, though: watching Jeffrey Combs keep a straight face while having the stupid blue cape and suit. It makes me laugh every time I see it. But I give ... In any case, the play is huge; the main protagonists (Anton, and his lady friend, Samantha), are very sympathetic; Anton is sympathetic and hospitable, and Samantha is kind. Plus, the options were wonderful. The floating island in the second dimension was very cool setting; we only get a glimpse of it twice; It would have been great to see more scenes take place here. The main setting was also very nice; Anton's apartment is very spacious, and he has some cool units, especially the surveillance system he uses to keep track of world events. He even has a pet ride that he holds in his apartment called Edgar. Overall, this is a good movie; It was fun to watch, and the main players put a lot of feeling into their roles. If you can find anywhere renting "Doctor Mordrid", rent it (or in my case buy it. It was definitely money spent)! My rating: 8 stars out of ten. <br /> <br />
