The movie "Holly" is the story of a young girl who has been sold by her poor family and smuggled across the border into Cambodia to work as a prostitute in the infamous "K11" Red Light City. In the film, Holly is waiting to be sold at a prize for her virginity when she meets Patrick who loses money and friends through games and bar games. Patrick and Holly have an immediate bond over their "stubbornness", but it is completely disturbed when Holly is sold to a baby dealer and disappears. As filmmakers, we go to Patrick's pursuit to find Holly again. Holly then shows her willingness to leave this lifestyle, but her confusion about what is right and wrong. "Holly" carries us through the beautiful and harsh Cambodia while we discover that HOLLY is not just a girl. She is the voice of millions of children who are exploited and violated each year without rights or protection. Holly is less extreme than his subject can suggest, such as documentaries involving 4-year-old and sexual trafficking, but manages to shed considerable light on Cambodian / Vietnamese child trafficking in prostitution. It is a moving story that helps shed light on the terrible situation of many children and their struggle to trust and realize what is right and wrong. Patrick, the film's antagonist is an American dealer of stolen artifacts who also lose money and friends while playing cards and getting into fights. On a journey, his motorcycle runs out of fuel and he has to rent a room on a brothel. During his stay, he comes across Holly, a 12-year-old girl who has been sold by her parents and abducted for slavery and prostitution. Holly and Patrick begin a friendship of trust and understanding. He discovers a clever, stubborn girl under the traumatized exterior and is determined to save her - though their strictly platonic relationships are mistaken for almost all of them. When she suddenly disappears, he starts a journey to track her without believing he can really help her. Holly is able to escape on the way to another brothel when she jumps off the truck and enters a field filled with mines. A mine is laid off by a cow, and the truck driver thinks she is dead, so Holly is back on her own. During Patrick's journey to find holly, he meets a social worker who tries to speak a little sensibly in him and shares facts with him who mocks the Cambodian region. The thought of paying for her freedom only brings the demand she explains: 30,000 children in prostitution in Cambodia - next year it can be 60,000. "I'm not trying to save 60,000," he says to her, "I'm trying to save one." Patrick discovers that the idea of ​​whipping her to safety is quickly put to rest when the social worker tells him that the United States will not let him adopt, and although it takes five minutes to "save a child, it takes five years to reintegrate her. Patrick is not affected by the information, and he continues his quest to find Holly. <br /> <br /> The audience is then shown that Holly makes it a small town and head for food with other homeless children. She then becomes aware of a local policeman who seems a little better than criminals with a badge when they sell her to another brothel and then makes an appointment with a Vietnamese businessman who then takes his virginity. this is her fate, and when Patrick finally finds her, she is willing to "yum yum" and "boom boom" her distant friend. Patrick is completely confused by this change in behavior, but he is not discouraged in his plan to take it away from this world. Eventually he steals her and brings her to a safe country in the comfort of the social worker. Holly gets fresh clothes if they are fed and brought to a dance class, but she is forbidden to see Patrick. This intense desire to be in comfort of Patrick's friendship runs away from the safe house and back on the streets of Cambodia. At the same time, Patrick deals with the decision to leave the country and flee back to the US or to stay in Cambodia. His thoughts continue to return to Holly and during a visit to a bar; An elderly man sees the image he holds and comments on his sexual appetite when he had sex with her. This rages Patrick and he hits the man and runs out of the bar. Eventually Patrick gets caught by the police in Holly's eyes hiding behind a pole. <br /> <br /> The movie "Holly" can get the public to donate money to organizations that improve the lives of these poor youngsters and even campaign to reduce the number of brothels in the region, but the dramatic weaknesses of the film can reduce the chances of Be seen by enough people to make a difference. All in all, I think the concept is better as a documentary, and it was not as touching as a movie. The actors did a great job of showing their raw feelings and the true confusion of the young people affected by this lifestyle, but ultimately the region's hard lifestyle and the desperate ideas of parents selling their children to maintain their own hunger, do nothing to help children's situations.
