Having enjoyed this show for years, I use to dream of seeing them all again and sharing them with my grandchildren. I'm so happy to pay a small amount for the memories I've found on DVD. Florida was a caring mother with a loving hard-working man, a spoiled beautiful daughter and two sons as diverse as day and night. Michael, the baby son is a freedom walker and JJ is a clown. I know many African Americans did not like this show, but I know that many can relate and should have accepted it as it was. My heart was sad when I learned that Ester Rolle had gone. Tyler Perry is now the leading writer actor today and I support her work, but not so much since he made such a cruel spot on Rolle in one of his plays. No one should hear nasty things about physical appearance. The show began to become less interesting when Daddy James died. It picked up a bit when Florida was married again, but fell off when she left the show. All in all, the show was great, and again I am happy to own copies of part of my past. I try to keep track of the previous stars of Good Times, and I have to say that they are a group that has not been dried up and down with rumors. I think today's children will enjoy this show and I have no problem sitting and watching in children. Congratulations to the author, crew and stars for many years with renewed memories of a time I can once again enjoy without having to skip scenes. OK so I see the shows again and again. Most recently, I've noticed things that have made me rethink the series, but don't like them. I think Florida was a little tough when it comes to money that the kids made. Not that the children didn't need supervision, but it was done in a way that makes Flora's motherhood different. The scenes where Florida had to talk about how other people weren't very nice are bothering me now. When James was alive, the show made a big deal out of James who wanted his own Fix-it store, but never lived to see his family out of the projects, but Florida marries someone who owns a fix-it shop. A bit of a blow to the face of an actor who should have finished his time at Good Times, showing that he completed everything he endeavored to do. Finally, as I see the performance I see the series going into overtime and being renamed "JJ". To be truthful, after James left mostly centered around JJ. Not a bad thing, just a noticeable thing. I wouldn't trade my DVDs for any amount, but time, maturity and experience began to guide your eyes after a while.
