When people think of downtown Chicago, they think of Walter Payton, Ditka and "Da Bears", Ryne Sandberg, The White Sox, curse the curse in 2005 or the immortal Michael Jordan and his six championships (and Finals MVPs) with Chicago Bulls. Rarely in this generation, people are thinking of the struggling side of Chicago, the ghettos, the drug-controlled streets and the life of city projects during the 1970s. <br /> <br /> One of the most formidable shows ever and a groundbreaking sitcom was "Good Times," which I remember vaguely as a small child at CBS, and I regularly enjoy TV Land. <br /> <br /> "Good Times" was another Norman Lear classic, the producer who gave us "The Jeffersons", the best African American sitcom of all time and "All in the Family" is the biggest show of all time. "Good times" brought out the ghetto and the city's housing problems, and it did with charm, well-written and thoughtful plots and some wonderful plays, especially of the matriarch and patriarch of this fighting ghetto base played by Esther Rolle and John Amos. The children in the support molding were also pretty good, especially the always popular Janet Jackson in his early years and Ralph Carter as the youngest sons in Florida and James Evans, whose character at a young age realizes that life is unfair and he must learn to stand on his own two feet. <br /> <br /> The oldest of the children JJ played by Jimmy Walker is something out of place on this show and is mainly for comic relief. His emotional age is around 11 or 12, although he looks like a guy in his early twenties. J.J. becomes annoying and it is a credit to the often ugly James Evans (Amos) whom he never tells J.J. to get her own life, get a job and get out of the house. J.J. is an aspiring painter, but unlike his younger brother it is never serious to get a college degree or more important for the family to get a job to help support a household just above welfare status. Two classic episodes Good Times was the one where the Janet Jackson character runs a fever of 104, and Florida Evans desperately seeks good medical help because she cannot afford anything other than a clinical doctor who is very professional yet does not want to give one family from the projects more attention than she legally has. The second episode is the one where James Evans cannot afford to rent a weak low $ 104 a month. Evans is getting the biggest of family setbacks, being thrown out of the projects without where to go. Florida Evans goes downtown to the Social Services Board to try to get either a loan or a grant to help her family. But the government does not consider her family poor because they have over $ 4,200 in assets for a family of five who are unfair but, unfortunately, legally over the poverty line. James and the kids want to fight for the money, but Florida is a person of great moral character and will not do anything dishonest, no matter how violently their problems are. In the end, the family finds a solution that holds the head over water. <br /> <br /> "Good Times" A classic show from the 1970s is about keeping you in the head over water in a cruel world. James and Florida Evans both work hard in strange jobs to try to bring their children up properly and avoid social welfare stigma. I was too young to understand the message about sitcom as a toddler in the 70's in his first venture at CBS, but I really enjoy the news on TV Land in 2006. "Good Times" is one of the classic sitcoms from back today .
