Forbidden Planet represents the kind of science fiction that is valuable in cinema, especially from the 1950s. There was the day the earth was still standing and war for the worlds, but don't forget this gem that took some of its story from Shakespeare's The Tempest to tell a tale of astronauts on a planet that has a doctor on the one who made one remarkably break through. It is the kind of breakthrough that is not so much incredible to look at (although in 1956 it looks incredibly amazing to look at some of the sets and the gigantic machine that the doctor creates) but with emphasis on the characters and its themes technology taken too far from the more primitive side of human nature, although we do not know that we are channeling it. On the surface - it is in the first ten minutes - it looks by default, if a little more professionally acted and directed with better skill than B-movies during the period. An astronaut ship is on a mission to the planet Altair-4 to bring back an expedition that passed decades before. But the only one left is Dr. Morbis (Walter Pidgeon) and his daughter, somehow immune to an attack that left everyone else dead. Morbius seems to be a cordial and very intelligent man, and his technology seems to be so impressive that the only astronauts, led by the skipper (Leslie Nielsen) can think of doing so is reporting it to their superiors The earth. <br /> <br /> But there is a catch - something beats the crew members of the ship, one by one, every night, even when the others are watching and then putting an invisible electric fence, which the invisible something goes easy through. Meanwhile, there may be some romance between skipper and Alraira, and there is a more appealing mood from the doctor. You should not have come to the planet to start, and now you have to go. What happens from here is even more fascinating, just on purely intellectual level, but Forbidden Planet never forgets that the audience should also entertain this story while getting some useful ideas. While everyone can remember Robbie Robot and for good reason, perhaps the most unforgettable image for me is the monster realized on the screen where the crew is fired without use, animated with red electricity and looks so beastly that it looks like Fantasia. <The reality from Pidgeon is subtle: You wouldn't expect him to be a villain, even though there is something in the character and the show that speaks to this, and ultimately it makes the character far more complex than one would expect. And the other performances are work-related, but also excellent, from Nielsen as a born leader to Holliman, who gives a great comic relief as Cook (which I must add helps one of the funniest scenes in the movie with the gallons bourbon Robbie deliver ). And the effects for its time are extraordinary (sophisticated in a nostalgic pulp way too today), and the music performed by electronics is beautiful in its "tones". But in the end, it's the script and careful direction from Hilcox that ticks this off the rest of the B movie party. When it is supposed to be fun, it is on purpose then and it works. When it is dramatic, it connects quite well, even in its stiff moments with the actors. And when we are made to think of a terrible situation, it gradually comes with nuance, not pushed into our faces or injected with mega-action. <br /> <br /> An inspiration to many other sci-fi movies, and a fine marker of thought-provoking science fiction stories and books from early, it's a classic and entertaining classic.
