I have to say in the beginning there are many, many things I love about the "Forbidden Planet" and yes, I am certainly considering it a "classic" science-fiction movie for many reasons. But the adulation has received over the years, going a little over the top in my opinion. No less an authority than Leonard Maltin says "Forbidden Planet" "... is one of the most ambitious and intelligent movies in his genre." Ambitious? Undoubtedly. Intelligent? Depends on which part of the movie you are talking about. It was certainly the most prestigious and highly budget science-fiction flick to that point. At a cost of nearly $ 2 million. (It was 1956, remember), took MGM out of all the stops to produce a dazzling, glittering outer space adventure as opposed to what is seen on the big screen before, even by hiring artists from the Disney studio for some the more detailed special effects. 'Charming' is usually not a word used to describe special effects in sci-fi movies, but it is the one that seems most appropriate here. Even the dreaded 'Monster from the Id' is just a reputable cartoon character of the Disney people who will hardly scare anyone over the age of 8. When I see the different sets and note art design, models, costumes, etc., I am reminded of nothing as much as 'The Wizard of Oz' with its gorgeously saturated colors and elaborate if not always convincing effects. So much work has gone into these films that one is inclined to smile in admiration for the effort regardless. The 'Forbidden Planet' is wonderful to look at. The scenes take place on obvious stage sets, which are fabulously decorated, matt paintings of planets and space in the background, and intricately designed miniature dunes, and so on to give the illusion of depth. It's a bit like seeing the most elaborately produced stage game you'd ever see. The most trustworthy and convincing scenes are probably those within the massive Krell complex, where images showing the great depth and breadth of this inner space are suitable and credible. But then we come to the actors, darn it. The performances are almost uniformly dreadful, but in fairness one must say that the dialogue hardly ever exceeds the level of the youth room, with the exception of some passages with almost insufficient scientific technique. Even the great actor Walter Pidgeon is reduced to giving such a hammy performance, it's sometimes lugubrious. A very young Leslie Nielsen star as space ship commander J.J. Adams, and does not transmit an ounce of credibility or conviction throughout the film. He seems to instinctively know, thirty years earlier, that his true forte 'is in comedy, as in times he may hardly be able to hold a straight face reciting his lines. Any forced reaction, be it anger or passion or solemn meditation, looks straight out of a high school game. Anne Francis, also very young, is a bit better off as the allegedly innocent Alta, whom we must believe, has never seen a man other than his father until the spacecraft's crew emerges. (Alta Morbius, now there is a name for you.) Unfortunately, even in this early age, Anne Francis seems to be as virgin and naive as Elizabeth Taylor in 'Butterfield 8.' There is a good story here, buried somewhere under the crew's debating comments about Alta and another juvenile subplot regarding Earl Hollimans Cookies ship chef. (Holliman also makes a terrible achievement. I guess all these actors went straight from this movie to acting.) Based on Shakespeare's 'The Tempest', the story of a dead race, Krell and the amazing world of machines they left behind, what most people tend to remember about the 'Forbidden Planet' and for good reason. For a few minutes here and there you can forget about the rest of the movie and be dazzled by Disney artists' perception of the Krell underground complex. Is it enough to compensate for the rest of the film's shortcomings? You have to decide for yourself. Oh, and of course there is Robby Robot, every 1950's ten-year idea of ​​what a robot should look and talk about. He is funny. In places. So, the 'Forbidden Planet' for me is a very, very mixed bag. It deserves credit for being the inspiration for a whole wave of sci-fi movies and television shows that followed, not least as "Star Trek." But I would suggest that anyone who thinks it is more than well-started comic-sci-fi goes back and sees it again.
