Thinking of science fiction films from the 1950s, you think of the kind of black-and-white b-movie that was parodyed on the old Mystery Science Theater 3000 television show. But while there were far more movies like Plan 9 from outer space and robotic monster than good movies, the 1950s had some very good, if not great, science fiction films like The Day The Earth Stod Still, The Incredible Shrinking Man, Invasion Of Body Snatchers, World War II and Things from Another World. Nevertheless, the best of the pile for his literacy and production values ​​was undoubtedly MGM's first major foray in A-level science fiction, Forbidden Planet, released in 1956. It was a 98-minute color film, directed by Fred M. Wilcox, highlighting the latest special effects and was equipped with a very good manuscript by Cyril Hume from a screen processing called Fatal Planet, by Irving Block and Allen Adler, who adapted aspects of William Shakespeare's The Tempest in it. <br /> <br /> The movie drew rave when it was released, for its Oscar nominated special effects, its all electronic music scores, by Louis and Bebe Barron (though they were credited as Electronic Tonalities, to avoid music guild fees), living paintings inspired by Chesley Bonestell and the famous Monster Of The Id (MOTI), animated by an animator, Joshua Meador, borrowed from the Walt Disney studio. Even more famous was the appearance of Robby The Robot, in his first role in either film or television. Later he would look in the movie The Invisible Boy - included in this DVD as a bonus, as well as several performances in the 1960s sci fi TV shows The Twilight Zone, Night Gallery and Lost In Space - with whose own robot he is often confused and a cameo appearance in the 1984 film Gremlins. <br /> <br /> The story is simple but elegantly constructed and filled with humorous beyond what makes the compulsory "love story" aspect of the movie. In the 23rd century, the United Planeter Cruiser C-57D a flying saucer, led by Commander J.J. Adams (Leslie Nielsen - yes he was once a leading man type before his Police Squad days) is on his way to the planet Altair IV to investigate what happened to the Bellerophon crew sent to the planet twenty years earlier. After a year of traveling, they meet the party's lonely survivor, Dr. Edward Morbius (Walter Pidgeon), Prospero stand-in-a-philologist, his beautiful blonde daughter Altaira (Anne Francis) - the Miranda character in a pre-1960s dress, and Robby Robot, the servant who is the Calibanian counterpart. Morbius warns the crew about a mysterious force that killed the Bellerophon party in their first year, but he was immune to it. All in all, it is a technically good movie - especially with some back projections and dull paintings, and the absurdity of the adult reactions to Timmy's and Robby's exploitation bordering on a surreal absurdity in Dalian. Nevertheless, it is clear that the filmmakers had no meaning for the sublime absurdity that the film evokes, for it is played equally, making it even more fun. As for the main function? Forbidden Planet deserves all its kudos. It's not a perfect movie, but it's a great way to spend a few hours and far better than Star Wars, which, though twenty years later, seems much more outdated and youthful. Only such films as 2001: A Space Odyssey, Solaris, Alien and Aliens and the first two Terminator films have really surpassed this classic in depth and effects. It is worth knowing that, despite the ban on the 'happy ending' of the Planet, the MOTI is still lingering within Alta. After all, she is her father's daughter and had an even more vibrant nightmare than her father when the MOTI attacked the ship another time. The film also wise only shows MOTI once and never shows Krel, because the imagination can always cause more scare than the best special effects. The film also makes good use of narrative ellipses to condense the story, something that much more realistic art films often fail to do. Forbidden Planet is one of the rare films that both define, but also surpasses its various other sci films that were quite obvious Cold War allegories. See it and you will agree and sleep a little less easily. But even if you don't, there is still the scene of Anne Francis's skinny dipping. It alone is timeless.
