Forbidden Planet is a landmark in science fiction, carefully staying in "hard" aspects of the genre (science - not fantasy, ergo nerds will love it) while still playing with images and ideas of today's 1950's values. Morbius' isolated house is a model of contemporary design with open spaces that embody sculptural gardens, a swimming pool and the ultimate home equipment: Robby Robot. "A housewife's dream!" breaks out the captain after lunch and a demonstration of the robot's ability to synthesize food and disintegrate waste. <br /> <br /> Also revealing to the 1950s: Fruian psychology raises its head in the Id explanation, though Morbius rejects it as an outdated concept. There is a touch of the Pacific War drama in the battle with the invisible monster and life aboard the plate. Perhaps it is time for the post-atomic fear that science is the enemy, and arrogant scientists will unknowingly bring down the destruction in their blind search for knowledge. <br /> <br /> But the suburban drama presented by the Forbidden Planet seems quite fresh in the sci-fi genre. They are not swashbucklers or heroes, but ordinary sailors cross the galaxy with a serviceman's roughness and honesty. The good people are running the flying saucer, and foreigners are so long gone, we don't even know how they looked - although their music is - "atmospheric tonalities" by Bebe and Louis Barron are remarkably futuristic today. The view from Morbius' house is really alien with sharp rocks and pink bonsais. The inside of the plate is just this side of Buck Rogers. It is very visual to like. Although we get amazing monsters and robots for the kittens, Forbidden Planet is a cerebral movie, slow and talky. It works on many levels at once: hard sci-fi against space adventures, philosophically against domestic. <br /> <br /> There are many suburbs. Despite all their room numbers, the soldiers are dressed in the golf course. Morbius deadly discovery is a humble educational institution, a schoolhouse. The most interesting character is Morbius' daughter Altaira. After never seeing a man, she goes on to the crew effortlessly. She is a post-Madonna teen who designs her own space-time clothes and takes every opportunity to change clothes - imagine Christina Aguilera along with a household reporter. Men watching the movie can see her as a naive girl in mini dress, but every woman knows there is nothing like a naive girl in a mini dress. Anne Francis deserves better recognition for humiliating Leut with kisses. Alas we will never know if she "works" him as he suspects when the captain interrupts and becomes a more interesting target for her attention. She is the character that makes the important change in the movie. Shocked that her father compares the dead Doc with the other "embeciles" in his landing party, she turns away from her father, her home, to leave the seamen to the ground. It is this act of reluctance, maturity that sends Morbius' Id creation over the edge, allegorically destroying its creator, as did thousands of centuries earlier to Krell. <br /> <br /> Maybe Krell also had teenage daughters ...?
