The only thing I knew about this movie prior to seeing it was Robby The Robot. My prediction was that it was another in a large number of cheesy sci-fi flicks that the 1950s were noted for. How wrong I was. Large studio, large budget and large production values ​​make this a strong competitor, at least visually, for the best sci-fi movie coming out of the era. I qualify with the word visually, because "World of War" is much darker and frightening than the "Forbidden Planet", and is probably better suited to the shape of a foray in foreign territory. What impressed me immediately was the color rendering of the cinematography followed by the detail and scope of details involved in Dr. Morbius (Walter Pidgeon) home and laboratory. But it was only stunted to the dot on the cake, the labyrinthine underground that served as the Krell High Court. It turned out that Krell technology was even more advanced than saying, "Star Wars". Which made me consider the audience for this movie back when it was released, probably sitting in the same form of awe that theater guests experienced in 1977 with SW, or in 1986 with "Aliens". Seeing it on a big TV in my living room gave me the same effect, and I'm quite resistant to hyperbolic. It is not too much of a stretch to imagine the "Forbidden Planet" as a direct antecedent of the 'Star Trek' television series; Gene Roddenberry himself stated that the film had great influence on his vision of the show. Followers of the short-term series will easily recognize plate elements used here that appeared in 'Star Trek'. I had to make a double move when the men of the United Planets Cruiser C57-V led to a transport room, while the confrontation presented to Robby, which made an impossibility to respond, was an item used at least two or three times in ST series. <br /> <br /> Where the movie surely took a cerebral swing, it had to do with the whole idea of ​​'monsters from the ID. The fact that Morbius himself used his subconscious mind to defend Altaire IV was certainly a unique concept for 1956, when every other sci-fi flick of the time had to do with the Martians or other grotesque space creatures. The movie seemed the strange magic of this viewer by helping me understand that Morbius was the patron of Altaire IV sometime before Commander Adams (Leslie Nielsen) explained it. <br /> <br /> You know, looking at the calendar, the year 2200 is not that far away. This movie can be the one that actually gets it right in terms of exploring and living on other planets. However, I think they will have to make Robby look leaner.
