This is a movie that has it all, the dashing hero, the beautiful lady of distress, the noble figure with the tragic error, and a truly wonderful robot. Forbidden Planet has maintained the special magic over the years and does not lose its taste with repetitive prospects (though the young Anne Francis' sex appeal greatly helps with that score). Movie fans will recognize the youthful Leslie Nielsen portrays the beautiful and heroic Commander Adams, although those of us who have been fond of him in comic roles may be a little surprised at his appearance in a serious role. The prominent and noble Walter Pidgeon is also a featured player who researches with a secret (Id). The second supporting cast deserves a nod, especially Warren Stevens as the shining and inventive "Doc," and of course the charm of Miss Francis, as mentioned above. <br /> <br /> This movie was an early pioneer in the use of electronic music, in the 1950s, no less. The credits call them "tonalities", but those of us who tried to collect early versions of the "Theremin" unit recognize the creepy and ghostly whines and screeches sometimes used in the soundtrack. Yet, it gives the image of the exotic and alien landscape of the mysterious and forbidden world of Krell. <br /> <br /> The special effects are also quite arresting. I remember my fears as a youth waiting for the next sight of the invisible "Id" monster, and when it is finally visualized in one battle scene, it literally shook me to my toes in awe and awe. The magic of mathematics is fully exploited in the dizzying scenes of Krell's scientific complex, as the characters pass through the various labyrinths and passages, ruled by the enigmatic Dr. Morbius. <br /> <br /> I remember feeling some measure of jealous that dr. morbius wanted such a beautiful toy in the form of robby robot. The person in Robby is quite charming and in some ways he seems more human than some of the other characters. Viewers of follow-up shows like Twilight Zone and Lost In Space will recognize the reused Robby prop in some of these episodes, though I remember never having the "personality" of the original Robby. I have to admit not fully to understand the complexity of the plot before I was old enough to understand the various references to freudian psychology and the danger of releasing the hidden and usually contained fear and anger we carry within, but have trained ourselves through willpower to immerse and govern through compliance with community codes. Although the key to the story seems to be obvious when it is revealed, it remains unknown (or perhaps deliberately overlooked) by Dr. Morbius until the intended commander Adams pointed out that forcing Dr. Morbius to confront the evil itself. It still gives me goose bids when Commander Adams pushes Dr. Morbius down for Krell machine that gave him an extraordinary intellect that opened his subconscious flood to the power of the Krell machine: "Here. Here's where your mind was artificially magnified. your subconscious had become strong enough. "Zowee! Forbidden Planet will probably remain my favorite sci-fi movie ever, and remain timeless and classic for its meticulously crafted history and wonderful on-screen visualization and accomplishment.
