I am always so frustrated that the majority of science fiction movies are truly intergalactic western or war dramas. Even Star Wars, which is visually brilliant, has one of its key images, a futuristic "gang that couldn't shoot straight." Imagine you come in about 600 people with conventional weapons, most of whom have an open shot and they miss. I have read a lot of science fiction and wished there were more movies for the thinking person. Forbidden Planet, one of the earliest of the genre, is still one of the very best. The story is based on a long extinct civilization, Krell, which created machines that could increase the intelligence of any creature by quantum leap. Unfortunately, what they had not negotiated is that the brain is a center for thoughts other than intellectuals. The primitive aspect of the brain, the id that Freud calls it, is allowed to go unchecked. It is released in sleep, a bad dream comes to the body's existence. Walter Pigeon, Dr. Morbius is the one who has the jacket his brain to this level and with it has built machines and defenses that keep him barely one step ahead of the horrors of digestion in his own mind. His thoughts create horrors, which he will soon be unable to defend. Krell, a very superior species, couldn't stop it; it destroyed them. The country party has never been of great interest to me. The rest of the actors are quite interchangeable. Ann Francis is beautiful and naive, and certainly would have given a right response in the fifties youth. Her father's veins are aggravated by her innocence and the wolfy fifties' astronauts (because they are more like construction workers on the make than real astronauts). They always try to find out "ladies". The chef is a great character, with his obsession for hooch. The Robben Robot has much more personality than most of the crew, and you wonder if Mr. Spock may not be a soul mate for the literal thinking of this artificial being. The whole movie is very satisfying because the situation is the star. Morbius cannot return, so he is destined to destroy himself and everything with him. There are few science fiction movies worth seeing more than once; This is one that can coast right into the 21st century.
