I think "Anyway ..." is a kick-ass movie. Really. Tom Barman spent that year doing it and it shows: every scene is polished, has a meaning ... I think it most agrees with it. One thing many people tend to criticize is the "lack" of history. I am afraid that it is an effect that we are overwhelmed with "traditional" storytelling all the time. I mean: what you can achieve with a book, you can't reach a movie what you can achieve with a movie, you can't reach it by just telling a friend. The problem is that we are so used to movies, series, ... being just a movie version of a story; a visual recording of events - like when you look at the news - that we expect each movie to have these epic features: a strong story with many unusual events. And I emphasize the idea of ​​"unusual events": most people watch TV in the news, in movies, series, ... very unusual things, once in a lifetime. And here, in "Anyway ..." there are unusual events, but not in the same "hollywood big explosion" kind of way: guy gets fired, couple together again, car gets stolen ... and of course very common things. And it's strong: just being able to appreciate all that universe, it's art. And I agree that especially what can only be achieved in films is the atmosphere created by the score and the photography, centrally. But not as in traditional visual films (visual blockbusters like Matrix); It serves the characters and remains deeply human. I mean, in every shot you feel the love Tom Barman has for Antwerp and urban lifestyle. And he has no sense in this movie, just like "learning" us something; and he has no great story to tell with incredible scenarios. He just shows everyday life with everyday life, he shows a city, everyone with their good and bad sides and says: it is us, this is our city, it's life, let's enjoy it. So basically "Anyway ..." is not just the super groovy movie, it also has a much stronger "message" (it's not explicit, maybe not even calculated) than most movies, how it really is supposed to send a message. One drawback: now we have to wait five years to see the next Barman image, and everyone will expect so much from it ...
