The WIND WORD, directed by Douglas Sirk and published in 1956, is like all Sir's mid 50-film melodrama. Still, the exciting, well-developed melodrama, and Sir's trademark lurid color expressionism, throbbing, barely suppressed emotions, symbolism and compilation of classes make this a movie that requires. <br /> <br /> The movie opens great, with four key characters and the plot being introduced as the credits still roll. Sirk uses a smart flashback structure to take us into his world ... Robert Stack and Dorothy Malone are magnificent as the two Hadley kids, Kyle and Marylee. He drinks and sleeps with women. She drinks and sleeps with men. They are both worth millions, thanks to Hadley Oil Company. Hunky, yet poor, Mitch Wayne (Rock Hudson) is Kyle's lifelong friend and Maryle's dream love. Enter in this sordid root Lucy Moore (Lauren Bacall), a slender, attractive young woman who falls under Kyle's charm after picking up a phone and flying her across the countryside one evening. Mitch also loves her, but Kyle wins her. They married quickly, and Kyle stopped drinking. But fate seems to be written in the wind, and it is not long before a cyclical Marylee (who wants to "have Mitch, marriage or no marriage), a secretly beaten Mitch, the confused Lucy and the sad, dim Kyle come to to blow. ... <br /> <br /> Malone is just amazing as Marylee Hadley, thoroughly deserving of her best supportive actress Oscar. She steals every scene she is in. Stack is almost as good, amplifies the melodrama while still maintaining a subtle and quiet desperation. Hudson and Bacall are much more restrained than the two, but that is in line with the characters they play. <br /> <br /> So what is all this melodrama really about? Well, many things. Stack's strong portrait of male inadequacy and fear of a thing. Sirk surrounds Stack with fake symbols throughout the film - note his tiny little gun, the oil tanks, and the ultimate fake symbol, Kyle's apparent inability to conceive children. Stack seems to suffer from a massive male superiority complex that is getting worse by his father's preference for Hudson, his sister's wish for Hudson and his suspicion that his wife is continuing with Hudson. With all this wealth, Kyle Hadley still ends in the wrong end of town and buys cheap corn liquor as a "bum". It's about impossible dreams, and having to get rid of them. The river, where Kyle, Marylee and Mitch used to play when they were children, is constantly referring to the whole movie, symbolizing Kyle and (especially) Maryle's desire for youth innocence and simplicity. In an excellent melodramatic scene, drawn entirely by Malone, Marylee stands by the river and again imagines herself as a child, with the voice-over of Mitch, telling Marylee that she will always be his girl. This is where Sirk hits a huge emotional chord with the viewer. Who hasn't dreamed of going back to that special place in childhood? Who has not at one time lived on a worthy memory? Who didn't want something they couldn't have? And Hudson's last line of the film (yes, he gets no dialogue in the last 10 minutes, only close-ups) recalls how "far we have come from the Marylee River". Amazing.
