"Written in the wind" was a hugely successful universal image. It could only be done by Douglas Sirk, a man who saw the possibilities of the material he got. Based on a popular novel by Robert Wilder and an adaptation of George Zuckerman, it had all the elements that make an excellent melodrama: nymphomania, a great oil wealth, alcoholism, incest and a gentle touch of homosexuality. Mr. Sirk paved the way for what would later follow in the soap opera genre, mainly "Dallas" and "Dynasty", to name just two. The fact is that this film was shot completely inside a studio. The majority of the device is false. Like many of the 1950's pictures, "Written in the Wind" was shot completely in a study party. Just look at the scenes to take place in Manhattan, or Miami, or even the lake is, you can see how the landscape is a painted background. Mr. Sirk couldn't worry less about realism as long as he could tell the story his own way. <br /> <br /> We recently caught a screening, part of a revival of Mr. Sir's work, where people laughed at some of the most dramatic moments, especially during the scenes where Rock Hudson, who plays the good Mitch Wayne, appears. There is also some graphic in the way that both Robert Keith, who plays patriarch Jasper Hadley, and later his own daughter, the evil Marylee, caress the oil tree that adorns the oldest man's desk, a kind of false object d'art. <br /> <br /> Douglas Sirk probably wanted his throats to give over the best performances, meaning in the way Dorothy Malone portrays the nymphomaniac Marylee, and to a certain extent Robert Stack, who oversees Kyle, the afflicted heir of history. It would probably be the easy explanation of what comes across the screen. The only one who seems normal is Lauren Bacall, who was not asked to make her Lucy Moore sign appear to be anything but a grounded person caught by hanging out with the wrong crowd. <br /> <br /> Along with his second Hollywood movie, "Written in the Wind", shows the ingenuity of a talented director who gave the public just what they wanted to see: stories larger than life that could only be seen on the big screen
