Director Douglas Sirk once said, "There is a very short distance between high art and trash can, and waste containing craziness is of this very quality closer to art". This statement perfectly defines its cinema, a very unique workgroup that includes classic stage adaptations, fairy tales and war movies, Western and of course his famous melodramas. Sir's melodrama was, as the word itself means, dramas with music. The music sets the tone for its masterful style, and every stroke of its brush (Sirk was also a painter) leaves a strong image on the screened canvas. But this is not life, but its representation, an imitation of life. Sirk never tried to show reality, on the contrary. None of his generation's directors made better use of all the Hollywood technical units (especially Technicolor) to distinguish the artificial from the real thing. Let us remember that his golden period coincides with the time when Hollywood films showed their attention in the social drama (Blackboard Jungle, Rebel without a cause). Sirk always knew that the cinema was supposed to be something else. Another of Sir's statements summarizes this: `You cannot reach or touch the real. You just see reflections. If you try to understand the joy itself, your fingers will only encounter glass. I defy someone who has seen written on the wind to count the amount of mirrors and images reflected that appear on the screen. You end up giving up. <br /> <br /> Therefore, we are in a hall full of mirrors, where there is no difference between real and false copies. No one can say that Hadley are real people. The city is also not real, with the damaging oil pumps everywhere. So in this realm the play is influenced, decore is false, the trick is visible. Everything is pushed a bit out of bounds (Dorothy Malone's sexual connotations with eg the oil tower). Sirk criticized and theorized at the same time. <br /> <br /> The angles are the director's thoughts; the lighting is his philosophy '. In Writing in the wind, we follow a traditional way of life, both geometrically and with regard to light and shadows. Hadley's house with its various levels associated with the spiral staircase works in a strictly metaphorical manner. A house that looks like a mausoleum that no party can encourage. As the tragedy progresses from luminous daylight to shady night, Sir's photograph becomes an extension of the inner state of his characters, and it is also the colors of the clothes they wear. Drama is thus incorporated into each element for use by the director's craft. <br /> <br /> Sirk is considered a "story bender" because he bent the standard material he was assigned for his style and purpose. Written on the wind is a good example. It wouldn't work in other hands. The other director who used similar strategies was Frank Tashlin, who was the 50-comedy the same as Sirk was for the melodrama. Their movies are filled with machines in American advertising, television sets, jukeboxes, washing machines, sports cars, vacuum cleaners - to portray its emptiness and decay. I tend to believe their movie was viewed differently by their contemporary audience. The game was played by both sides, so it was camp. Now we consider them "cool" or "bizarre" because we are no longer the spectators. Therefore, Todd Haynes changes the greeting "far from heaven" to a pastiche, because it reproduces Sirk's work today as if nothing happened. Then Sirk turns exactly into the painting hanging in the art gallery, which Julianne Moore and the gardener discuss in the aforementioned film. <br /> <br /> Sirk understood the elements of melodrama perfectly. There were always solid figures (Rock Hudson and Lauren Bacall here) that he could collect a number of split. His balance through antithesis is remarkable and not surprisingly we form for the split signs, for they are the ones Sirk is interested in as well. When Robert Stack flies the plane and "tempts" Lauren Bacall with all kinds of worldly comforts in the world under them (obvious Faustian echoes), we are also strangely fascinated with him as we are when the devilish nymphomaniac little sister painfully evokes her past with Mitch by the river alone. <br /> <br /> In the Universe of the Circle, the study has often given no "happy ends". In fact, they worked just fine. Sirk loved Greek tragedy and is considered a happy than deux ex machinea from his day. Thus, the final court scene fits well, and one must also remember that the whole movie is told in flashback, so we know from the beginning that the tragedy will fall anyway over the Hadley feud. <br /> <br /> It was pointed out the many similarities between Posted on Wind with the Godfather saga. I totally agree and I am sure the parallel is not random. Both share the theme of the old powerful father's head trying to keep his empire while protecting his family. The temperamental son exhibited by Robert Stack has a great physical resemblance to Jimmy Caan's Sonny Corleone. The action of fighting his sister's male friend is symmetrical. The non-son whom the old man trusts is also common in both films, as the fact that both families carry the names of their city. Even details like the gate that gives access to the property and the surroundings of the house covered with leaves indicate that Coppola had written on the wind in mind while he put his masterpiece. Because both films deal with the issue of Power: the takeover of power, its manipulation and inheritance (even Kyle Hadley's sterility, the event that speeds up the turmoil is a problem that is easily tied to the central theme of power, in this case a weakness in sexual power). The other big movie that deals with power and uses American life as a representation is Citizen Kane. One would not initially think of similarities between Welles and Sirk's films, but many start with the petrol industry as the origin of family happiness and end with Mitch Wayne (Rock Hudson) as Charles Foster Kane adopted by a tutor, with his own father alive. Amazingly, the same actor (Harry Shannon) performs both Wayne and Kana's fathers. This detail is not a chance. <br /> <br /> Posted in the wind is a masterpiece in every aspect, in execution and vision, in style and technique, a highlight of the career of this wonderful instructor. Some say this is his best movie. In my opinion, 'Magnificent obsession', 'All that heaven allows', 'There is always tomorrow' and 'Imitation of life' is just as good. And for those who put Sirk at the level of Dallas or Dinasty, I don't want them a happy end.
