I watched this movie at the Chicago Reeling Film Festival. In order to retrieve the previous reviewer's remarks, I feel the claustrophobic emotional and off-colors in the film, that I feel rather intentional and convey limited space, killing architecture, overall drabness that forms the urban environment for most people in Eastern and Central Europe . A little shabby housing project style is how I would describe it, and that's how many people live on the outskirts of larger cities. I cannot say that I am familiar with Bucharest, Romania, where the action unfolds, but I have visited and lived in Eastern Europe for six months. <br /> <br /> When I visited Russia as a student for a semester, my entire group had to pull their luggage seven stories up the stairs of a shabby student's dorm, just as the heroin does when she enters a woman because the elevators did not work. But I agree with the reviewer that the claustrophobia and subdued colors are overdone, for there are certainly beautiful buildings, parks, squares you can find in Bucharest or in any historical center of Eastern Europe. Bucharest didn't get much of any footage in this movie. For me to see this movie conveys well the claustrophobia that I would feel during my half-year, stay there, feel trapped and restricted. (It makes you see why a person will immigrate and find a better life, like people whose hopes of escaping from an American urban ghetto.) <br /> Also, considering the climate of homophobia, The United States in the 1980s forced the two young women who fall in love with each other, to keep their love a very private matter; Therefore, the focus is on their interaction in the apartment. It is remarkable and commendable in my opinion that this queer theme film itself was made in Romania and I find the complaint from the previous reviewer about the poor movie quality rather uninformed and condescending. It is unlikely that the director and the producer needed much public support and funding for their films, and they did the best they could with their likely limited resources. The actors were pretty good and trustworthy; The dialogue was generally well-finished and I could identify with these women. <br /> <br /> The movie gives an extra twist to forbidden love between two young women, Kiki, an energetic, fun loving free spirit with a dark, disturbing secret (her admiration and love for a violent, incestuous brother, Sandu) falls in love with Alexandra, a bright, bookish, idealistic young woman who moves to Bucharest to begin her university studies. Opposites are attracting and their personalities seem to complement each other, although there are tensions between the ambitious, studious, intellectual Alexandra and Kiki who seem to be in college to please the parents. Keeping their love hidden from their parents seems manageable, though we don't get any sense of the excitement it requires, and we never see or meet other students - hard to believe - and the excitement that keeps their love secret would have involved. The greatest threat to their love is Kiki's brother and her difficulties trying to disturb her relationship with him. But Kiki's love for Alexandra seems to give her the strength she needs to finally make this band serious or does it? That's what the excitement of the film focuses on as the story develops, and I don't want to say how it concludes. <br /> <br /> Ironically, Kiki's love "illness" is not love for another woman, but her illegal, incestuous love for her brother. Thus, loving woman provides a potential cure for the disease by loving a sibling. <br /> <br /> Although this feeling of this movie is stifling and claustrophobic, too limited to interactions between Kiki and Alexandra, it was still engaging and moved to see, so I give it a 7.
