At the Oscar ceremony on March 27, 1957, Dorothy Malone won the best supporting actress Oscar for her rugged, over-the-top depiction of a spoiled heirs of a Texas oil tanker in the WIND WIN. 1956 pot boiler, adapted to Robert Wilder's novel, was a real three-ring circus show of alcoholism, greed, impotence and nymphomania. <br /> <br /> Malone's performance as Marylee Hadley, a lonely rich girl who fetches men to forge the pain of rejection of a former childhood treasure, was representative of the film as a whole. Mesmerizing to see for itself as it stands out for the "lowest-common-nomenclature" melodrama, WRITTEN ON THE WIND is ultimately a human's work, the incredibly gifted director Douglas Sirk, a pre-World War 2 Weimar Germany emigrant, who left his European theater heritage behind to pursue a career in Hollywood. An extremely honest man, Sirk made himself in the 1950s as Universal Studios' reliable director of lavish soap operas, especially with Ross Hunter's productions MAGNIFICENT OBSESSION, ALL HOME POSITIONS AND LIFE IMITATION. Independent producer Albert Zugsmith offered Sirk the opportunity to work outside the limiting constraints of Universal's demure entertainment and create a more adult "sensational" product, hence the sultry WIND and its follow-up, 1957's TANGE ANGELS, both released under the Universal International banner. Someone guesses why Sirk did not pursue high themes, but apparently controlling these exaggerated drama appealed more to his artistic feelings. WRITTEN ON THE WIND could be considered Siric's epic soap opera; It is actually so superficial with human vulnerability and neurosis as depicted among the very rich that it is so compelling to see as the real life domestic struggle among the rich and famous, perhaps more. Robert Stack (not an actor who is typically known for over-painting) matches almost Malone in intensity with his victim of the weak brother-in-law Kyle Hadley, a shadow of his patriarchal father. When he finds out that he is unable to impregnate his new bride (a beautiful leonine Lauren Bacall), Hadley goes out of the deep end and escalates an already serious drinking problem with a "secret" pistola who threatens to Make him a human time bomb. Both brother and sister, as friendly and unlikeable as they are, are presented as victims of their past, giving them a human quality that makes them seem less monstrous (and far more interesting than the "good" side of the family, mainly Bacall and the impossible beautiful Rock Hudson, young Hadley's old friendship and business associate, a surrogate son to the old man and Malone's unattainable wish-seekers.) Despite all the domestic co-dependency on the display, it's not so much the story that is memorable here as the way it is filmed. With a true panorama of image composition and editing, director Sirk draws his audience into this image with the most enhanced Technicolor cinematic imaginable: every shot in this movie is an eye-filling canvas of saturated colors, from the sight of a tank-like pink Cadillac pulling up to a huge manor house front door to the luxurious decor of a luxurious Miami hotel, a spectrum of shades that almost dazzle in their diversity. And dramatic scenes, Sir's talented use of tilted camera angles, shady lighting and cross-cutting, has shown to the greatest effect in the scene where a rebellious, drunk Malone dances unhindered in her bedroom for the great blaring of a turntable while she was fighting Dad. up the large staircase; The scene is so nifty that you swear that you experience a great oedipal drama unfold. What you really see is bad of a very entertaining kind, gussied in lurid Technicolor and polished to perfection by a visual genius.
