Very slow, but intricately structured and ultimately very touching. A lovely, very true to look at a small beach town in Florida during the winter's death - I've been there, and that's exactly. It's also the debut feature of actress Ashley Judd and she gets a big impression here. It's hard to believe that this movie is 12 years old - I remember watching it in theaters, and I recently rented "Ruby" again. Aside from the 80s, clothing looks like it has been very nice. Ashely is so brilliant and touching here that it's hard to think of her subsequent career without wincing. Boy, talk about failing to fulfill your early promise! Anyone who sees Ashley here in "Ruby In Paradise" assumes that this elegant, natural beauty went on to all sorts of interesting art films and serious actors - instead she has been "going to" the girl for stupid action movies and slasher movies! Very disappointing, but at least we have kept this lovely performance to show off her early promise. As some other commentators say, this is not for everyone, as it is very slow paced. This is not an action movie, nor is it a romance. The director (Victor Nunez, "Ulees Gold", another excellent character study) deals with this ordinary young woman's life with deep respect, so her story can build slowly and with much detail. That way, I think this is one of the most moving and respectful stories of old skills of young women that I can remember - it's not about Ruby's sexual awakening or "how she lost her virginity", but about her life choices and her growing maturity. <br /> <br /> A nice movie if you take the time to see it ... I think it would be a great movie to show teenagers and young girls (or boys for that matter) and give them a chance to think and discuss it. Special kudos for director Nunez, who also wrote the manuscript, which is so realistic and nicely detailed that I adopted everything through the movie it was based on a female novel or memoir, but actually it is Mr. Nunez's original work. Rating 8 out of 10.
