I first looked at this movie at the release in 1987 and was heavily influenced emotionally through a combination of guilt on what my fellow human beings could do for innocent people and the reluctance of the outside world to really investigate these atrocities against man. /> <br /> Particularly moving was the Steve Biko funeral, which was made even more vibrant and hit hard by the South African Anthem who played at that time. I have long assumed that this movie achieved what no one else had succeeded in opening the eyes of the world to what really happened in South Africa. I consider myself a normal right-thinking person, and I can attest to how this film changed my whole thinking about not only South Africa, but how we as white people perceive black people. I have never seen any difference between people of any color or creed, but after watching this movie I have physically changed my life and spent the last 17 years living in a predominantly black country and helping many people to rise above their current standard of living and achieve what they would not have thought possible. The biggest reward I can honestly say I have received - to say that in my own little way I have contributed and remedied the balance a little. But if more people thought like me and actually did something to help black people without seeking rewards, then the whole black population on this planet would be a little better. <br /> <br /> I challenge any right-thinking person to see Cry Freedom from the beginning to the end and not feel that emotions pull in your heartbeats as you witness to the 700 schoolchildren who were brutally shot dead in Sharpville for refusing to learn from Afrikaans, the meaningless murder of Steve Biko, such a master of his own people's rights and then, ultimately, to understand that all this is not just a movie, albeit a grand, but that all actually happened and less than 30 years ago. Yes, my friends, watch this movie and then see if you can go after and party hard. I couldn't. I was too sad to know the truth. It is the hallmark of a great movie. It was clear that Sir Richard Attenborough intended to get this message out of South Africa. Of course he has achieved it. Unless you happen to support apartheid. May God help you.
