What a brilliant movie. I will admit that the subject is very ambitious. In just over two and a half hours it is also a very long film. But none of these pointers are wrong in any way. Cry Freedom, despite the minor flaws it may have, is a powerful, moving and convincing film about the story of the black activist Steve Biko in his struggle to awaken South Africa to the horrors of apartheid. It is true that the first half is stronger than the other in terms of emotional impact. People have also complained that the movie is suffering from too much Woods, not enough Biko. I can be wrong, but even though it is Biko's story, it is told in Wood's perspective that Woods is an important character by conveying Biko's history to the world. <br /> <br /> Visually, Cry Freedom looks great. With show-stop cinematography and the stunning South African landscape, it was a visual celebration. The opening scenes were especially brilliant shot. George Fenton's music really brought dramatic emphasis to most scenes. It was subtle in scenes in the second half, but moving and dramatic in the actors. The script was of exceptional quality, the courtroom scenes with Biko were enough to really make you think wow this is genuine quality stuff. The first half with Biko as the main focus always had something to feel emotional about whether it was the police's attack by South African nationals or Biko's death. Second half though Donald Woods carries less of an emotional blow, but is compensated by how it is shot, executed and written. And there are also parts that are really exciting. <br /> <br /> The performance was unusual from all over cast, from the lesser character to the two leads, there was not a single poor performance. No matter what the accents are, but it's so easily left by how much the footage draws you. Denzel Washington in one of his more underrated performances gives a truly compelling performance like Biko, and Kevin Kline shows he can be as good in drama as he is on comedy, for he gave an appropriate subtle performance to match Washington. And the two men's chemistry is credible and never hits a false note. Penelope Wilton is lovely as Donald's wife Wendy, and yet she is a great actress. Out of the supporting notions and there may be a bit of bias, two stood out for me. One was Timothy West, who enjoys his role as Captain DeWet. The other was the always extraordinary John Thaw in a brilliant chilling cameo role as Kruger. Lord Richard Attenborough's direction is focused and constantly sensitive as usual. <br /> <br /> All in all, a truly wonderful movie. It is ambitious and long time, but it never ceases to be convincing, powerful and painfully moving. A particular winner from Lord Richard Attenborough, and worthy of much more praise. 10/10 Bethany Cox
