What a movie! I never thought Richard Attenborough could have such a movie in him. Gandhi has always left me indifferent, except for Ben Kingsley's performance, and I never regard Attenborough as a particularly good filmmaker. But Cry Freedom kept my interest as few films have in recent times. It is an exciting, fascinating political film with amazing performances by Kevin Kline and a young Denzel Washington. <br /> <br /> Kline plays Donald Woods, a South African newspaper editor who turns to civil rights activist Steve Biko. It starts out as a difficult friendship, because Woods sees Biko as a black supremacist who preaches hatred against whites. But Biko, with his kind words, positive attitude and complete transparency, wins over Woods and introduces him to a reality about Apartheid, which Woods didn't know about. <br /> <br /> Biko is a decent, law-abiding citizen who altruistically opposes all prejudices and the system that keeps his people down. One night coming from an illegal meeting, he is arrested and killed. The authorities are trying to stop the case because Biko has become a great personality in South Africa. But through Wood's efforts, the truth comes out. But what needs to be a triumph will only be a nightmare when Woods and his family become targets for the secret police. <br /> <br /> This movie has an interesting structure. It actually has two stories: first, Biko tells life and death. It's a fantastic first half, completely dominated by Washington charisma in what might be his greatest achievement yet. <br /> <br /> The other half, no less interesting, tells Woods' attempt to escape from South Africa to publish a book on Biko. Woods has become a state enemy, a forbidden person, which means he can't meet people or leave his country. Plus, he is constantly being spied by the police. Kevin Kline also gives a good performance in this second half. Although the first half is rather straightforward, doing the other interesting thing about editing, by giving flashbacks of Biko and of events showing the repression against black South Africans. Some may argue that this is to make it more interesting, but for me, the second half is as captivating as Woods and his family devise a bold plan to escape South Africa. The last minutes were so heartbreaking I was in tears. George Fenton and Jonas Gwangwa's score certainly had something to do with it. Although I have never been a fan of Fenton (can't keep his Gandhi score), I think the Freedom score is one of the most beautiful ever composed movies. The movie, thanks to the music that married the powerful images, sometimes reached incredible peaks of emotion. Cry Freedom is definitely not a movie just to watch because of Denzel Washington. This is a movie to be appreciated in its entirety. Action, writing, music, editing, cinematography come together in a perfect synthesis to create an ode to the power of the human spirit. This movie deserves a place along with movies like The Pianist, Life Is Beautiful and The Shawshank Redemption.
