"The friendly story of the friendship that shook South Africa and awoke the world." <br /> <br /> Richard Attenborough, who directed "A Bridge Too Father" and "Gandhi", wanted to bring Steve Bikoo's story to life and the journey and troubles that journalist Donald Woods went through to get his story told. The movies use Wood's two books for its information and foundation - "Biko" and "Asking for Trouble". <br /> <br /> The movie takes place in the late 1970s in South Africa. South Africa is in the hands of the terrible apartheid, which keeps blacks apart from the whites and classifies the whites as the overall race. Blacks are forced to live in shantytowns on the outskirts of cities and towns, and they come under frequent harassment by the police and the army. We are shown a dawn on a shantytown, as bulldozers and armed police force their way through the camp and enter into the citizens. Then we are introduced to Donald Woods (Kevin Kline), who is editor of a popular newspaper. After publishing a negative story about the black activist Steve Biko (Denzel Washington), Woods meets with him. The two are initially cautious with each other, but soon they become good friends, and Biko shows the horrors of the apartheid system from a black person's point of view to Woods. This encourages Woods to talk about what is happening around him, and makes him desperate to bring Steve Biko's history out of the connection of the white man's South Africa and to the world. Soon, Steve Biko will be arrested and killed in prison. Now Woods and his family are daring to flee South Africa to England, where Woods can publish his book on Steve Biko and apartheid. <br /> <br /> When I first heard of "Cry Freedom", I was under the impression that it was a movie entirely dedicated to Steve Biko's life. I had never heard of Steve Biko before I saw this movie, as the events in this movie were really before my time. But it is more about the story of Donald Woods and his journey across the border to Lesotho when he tried to avoid the South African officials. Woods was put on a five-year type house arrest after Steve Biko was killed. In order to publish his manuscript on Steve Biko, he had to escape. Because the manuscript would be considered a treason in South Africa and it could have resulted in Woods meeting a fate similar to Biko's. The real Donald Woods and his wife acted as consultants for this movie. Denzel Washington is only in the movie in the first hour and I was disappointed with what I expected to see him for the whole movie. But he was great as Steve Biko and caught his personality from what I read really well and his accent sounded perfect. His performance gave him an Oscar nomination for Best Supporting Actor. Kevin Kline delivers an outstanding and thoughtful performance as Donald Woods, and Penelope Wilton is excellent as his wife Wendy. <br /> <br /> Filming took place in Zimbabwe when it was unnecessary to say that problems were encountered when trying to film it in South Africa. In South Africa, the South African Gestapo filmmakers followed everywhere to get the bad vibes and they pulled out and went to the neighboring area of ​​Zimbabwe. After all, and the fact that the apartheid did not end up seven years later, "Cry Freedom" was not banned in South Africa. But cinemas showing the movie got bomb threats. <br /> <br /> Richard Attenborough brings the horrors of apartheid to the screen of extreme power and determination. He does not hold back at the end of the movie, showing what should be a peaceful protest of students in a shantytown, becoming a massacre when police open fire on them. The film ends with the names of all anti-apartheid movers who died in prison and the explanations for their deaths. Many had "no explanation". Few were "epilepsy", which is hard to believe, and many more fell either from the top of the stairs or were "suicide from hanging". No one will ever know what really happened to them, but I think it is fair to say that none of these men died in their own hands, but in the hands of others; or to be more precise, in police hands. <br /> <br /> "Cry Freedom" is a must-see movie for his depiction and story of Steve Biko. It is also a frightening and devastating depiction of a beautiful country divided and in the sacred grips on racial segregation and violence.
