CRY FREEDOM is an excellent primer for those who want an overview of apartheid's cruelty in just a few hours. The famous director Richard Attenborough (GANDHI) is certainly no stranger to the genre and the collaboration between the real life Mr. and Mrs. Woods, the main white characters in their book and in this movie, provide additional authenticity to CRY Freedom. The video, which is now in the release, actually runs just over two and a half hours since 23 minutes of extra footage was added to make it two TV minisages after the movie's first theatrical release. While the added length serves to increase the film's forgiveness: uneven character development and carpet stereotyping, another possible flaw (the insistence on the white-drawn fate of the African) may be a strength. Seeing CRYING FREEDOM as a political and historical educational film (which I think it should have over its artistic benefits), history is one that black Africans only know about well, although the younger generation may now have to watch it full movie impact. It is the whites who have always been the film's and the book's target audience, hopefully to make them change. Now twelve years after the film's production, CRY FREEDOM is in many ways a more interesting movie to watch. Nearly ten years after the black majority rule has been at least theoretically in place, 1987's CRY FREEDOM's ideals are largely unrealized. It is therefore still absolutely necessary for white South Africans, especially the younger ones, who have only heard of these actions to see it and absorb the film's messages. Unlike American slavery and the exposure of the Jewish Holocaust, South African battles have been told by just two or three stories: GET FREEDOM, GET THE LOVED COUNTRY (OK, count it twice if you include remake), and SARAFINA (did I miss one? ). All three dramas have also climbed American and British actors in both the white and black roles. Not a South African actor has played a big role, white, colored, Indian or black!). And yes, I missed another international South African drama, MANDELA and DEKLERK. Although this (also highly recommended) biopic was released after the introduction of a black majority rule, MANDELA was played by a black American (Sidney Poitier, who also starred in the original SA theme CRY THE BELOVED COUNTRY), while the African DeKlerk became played by a (bald) very British Michael Caine, a good performance if one can deny that Afrikaner's essence is fierce anti-British feeling. Until local SABC TVs and African movies begin to handle their own heritage, CRY FREEDOM is as authentic as you get. As portrayed as the whites (especially the Africans) are portrayed in the film, any observant (non-casual) visitor in South Africa, even now in 1999, not to mention 1977 when CRY FREEDOM takes place, will generally find white attitudes toward black detainees , even underestimated. Looking at CRY FREEDOM in thought, it is amazing that reconciliation can take place at all, and that is. But CRY FREEDOM at the time does not show much, has really changed in many people's minds yet, and that the black Africans' goals of FREEDOM and Atonement are still in progress. That's why if you are a beginner to the situation, CRY FREEDOM is your best introduction.
