In some ways, Kriemhild's anger exceeds War Siegfried's death, but it also loses part of the film's greatness. The reason for this is more coherent than the first, which is absolutely fantastic. The second half of the actual poem is much smoother and much harder to step through until it is you come to the climatic scenes; only the iliad is better. Lang and Harbou adorned the cocks. Nibelungenlieder's poetry compilers did not know a female from her right ball, and as a result, they are more or less the same as the burgundians in custom. For example, even though the poet clearly describes Etzel as a heathen (who is Kriemhild's greatest concern when Rudiger tries to persuade her to marry him), when she comes to Hunland, the first thing she does is the mass. The females here are clearly pagans; they are almost like a hollow man. The portrayal of them is fun, especially Verbal, the jester, who has two amazing scenes. Etzel's character has gained more weight. He is much more formidable. All he does is regret his fate in the original poem. Lang and Harbou are masterful in building excitement, especially on the banquet scene, which is intercut with Verbal's second performance to a fantastic effect. However, the film's amazing technical results are missing as in this half of the poem most of the time apart from a dazzling sequence where Etzel's hall burns down with the Nibeles inside. The only thing I must object to is that Harbou is changing the end. SPOILERS: in the poem, after Hildebrand catches Hagen and Gunther, they become imprisoned. Kriemhild visits Hagen in his cell and demands that he reveal where he has hidden horde. He refuses and she even praises her brother. When Hagen still refuses, she detests him. Hildebrand (or possibly Dietrich) is so disgusted that a woman would suppose to murder a great warrior that he again mocks her and calls her a "Devil Woman". Etzel, who is much weaker in the poem than he is here, says something silly like, "Ah me!" I can understand why they want to keep a unity of time and place when Hildebrand brings them from the castle; Keeping the prison settings for the two deaths would make the film very anticlimatic. I also understand why they did not have Hildebrand kill Kriemhild: his character is greatly reduced here; His name is mentioned only once. But to get Kriemhild to kill himself by adopting Brynhild's death from the Icelandic sources, it is just to catering to the audience instead of challenging them. The point of the poem is that Kriemhild's anger goes far beyond that, should enter into the realm of evil. Here we simply have her death for her lost love. It's not that interesting.
