See also my comment on Die Nibelungen part 1: Siegfried. <br /> <br /> The second part of the UFA's gigantic production of the Nibelungen saga continues in the stylized, symphonic and emotionally detached way of its predecessor. However, while Part 1 was a passionate depiction of individual acts of heroism, Part Two is a chaotic depiction of large-scale blood slips. As in the first part, Director Fritz Lang maintains a continuous dynamic rhythm, with the pace of action and the complexity of the shooting composition rising and falling steadily as the tone of each scene requires. These pictures should only be viewed with the note-perfect Gottfried Huppertz score, which fortunately is on the Kino DVD. Now, with this focus on the mass event, Lang is presented with major challenges in the scenario. The sequences of action in his earliest traits were often poorly constructed, but now he merely makes them the rhythmic flow where the activity level on the screen swells like an orchestra. <br /> <br /> But like some one, we got to survive Siegfried's fairy tales actually and without excitement, Part 2 presents warfare as a devastating tragedy. In both images there is a deliberate lack of emotional connection with the characters. Therefore, Lang keeps most of the camera out of action, and it never allows us to feel like we are there (and that's important because audience involvement is usually a distinction of Lang's work). It is also why the performance is unnaturally theatrical, with the actors around as constipated sleepwalkers. Nevertheless, Kriemhild's revenge is constantly dealing with emotions and is actually deeply humanistic. One moment of naturalism is when Atilla keeps her baby son for the first time, and Lang actually emphasizes the tenderness of this scene by building it up with the wild, crooked ride of the Huns. The point is that Lang never manipulates us to take pages, and in this respect this version has more in common with the original saga than Wagner's opera. The climactic slaughter is the very opposite of an awakening battle scene. Why did Hitler and co. Be so foolish about it, a fact that has unfairly argued the reputation of these films? Because the Nazis' immeasurable racial ideology made them automatically see the Nibeles as good, even if they kill babies and betray their own family. For Hitler, their downfall would always be a nationalist tragedy, not a human. <br /> <br /> But for us non-Nazi viewers, what makes this image enjoyable is its beautiful sense of side pressure and musical rhythm. When you see these full-fledged silent pictures of Lang's, you'll realize how much he was wasted in Hollywood. Instead of saddling him with low-budget potboilers, they should have put him to work on some of these swords and sandalerepics, pictures that don't have to be credible and don't have to move emotionally, where it is poetic, operational tonality that sweeps us together.
