Kanto 1: How Kriemhild took care of Siegfried and how King Attila Woos her Through his ambassador Rüdiger von Bechlarn: Kriemhild (Margarete Schön) insists on having the head of the murderer of her beloved husband, Hagen Tronje (Hans Adalbert Schlettow), but her brother, King Gunther (Theodor Loos), denies her request. When the king's king Attila woos Kriemhild through his ambassador Rüdiger von Bechlar, she was allowed to obey in her king's name that no one would ever offend her. Hagen Tronje stores the Nibelungen treasure at the bottom of a lake. Canto 2: How Kriemhild departs from her homeland and how she was received by King Attila: Kriemhild removes some land where Siegfried died and travels to Huns court where she is welcomed by Attila herself who also promises to defend her. <br /> <br /> Canto 3: How King Attila Besieged Rome and How Kriemhild Called His Brothers: When Kriemhild delivers a baby boy, Attila returns to her kingdom and asks Kriemhild what she would like most to please her . She asks him to invite his brothers to come to his kingdom. Canto 4: How Kriemhild receives his brothers: Kriemhild insists on having Hagen Tronje's head, but her brothers keep loyalty to their friend and again do not accept her request. Canto 5: How the dogs celebrated summer solstice with the Nibelungen: Kriemhild asks Attila to kill Hagen Tronje, but he then refuses, in accordance with the laws of the desert, a guest to be considered sacred. Kriemhild offers gold for Hums for Hagen Tronje's leader. There is a fight and Hagen Tronje kills Attila's son. Canto 6: Nibelung's Distress: The females lose the battle against the Nibelungen, but keep them under siege inside Attila's castle. Kriemhild promises to save their lives, provided they deliver Hagen Tronje, but her brother Gunther says that German people are loyal to their friends. Canto 7: Nibelungen's End: After Rüdiger von Bechlarn's death, Giselher and Gernot, Hagen Tronje and Guhther are finally captured. Kriemhild kills Hagen Tronje and finishes her revenge by the destruction of the Nibelungen. The conclusion of Siegfried's poetic saga through "Kriemhild's Revenge" is also told through seven dramatic cantos. The first part is a magnificent tale of fantasy, adventure, romance and fraud; The second part is a dramatic story of hatred, revenge and loyalty. The solid manuscript with the perfect development of the characters, the excellent performance of the cast and the amazing direction of Fritz Lang produced another epic in advance. Margarete Schön is impressive with a completely different woman, obsessed and inflexible in her revenge. The costumes that Kriemhild wears are also very impressive, and her plays are based on her face and appearance. I was a little disappointed by the reaction of Attila after his only son's death when I found it too passive. My voice is eight. <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): "Us Nibelungos Parte II: A Vingança de Kriemshild" ("Nibelungen Part II: Kriemhild's Revenge")
