An absurd hilarious and striking human tale of the jealousies and adulteries about a picture receipt, the Russian animation pioneer Wladyslaw Starewicz 'Most kinematograficheskogo operatora' or 'The Kinematic Revenge's Revenge' is a joy for early animation, filled with very effective stop-motion doll and no lack of imagination. <br /> <br /> Mr. and Mrs Beetle have a completely uneventful marriage, and both long for more excitement in their lives, Mr. Beetle's wishes can only be met by the beautiful exotic dancer of "Gay Dragonfly" The nightclub he visits when taking a "business trip" to the city, she is the only one who understands him, another admirer of this dancer, an aggressive grasshopper, is jealous that Mr. Beetle has stolen his lady and as fate he wanted to be, he was also a film camera, the incredible grasshopper following Mr. Beetle and his acquaintance with a hotel room, where he films their exploits through the keyhole. In the past, Mrs Beetle also acquired a friend to add excitement to her life. He is an artist and he brings her a painting for a gift before they both sit down on the couch for some intimacy. However, Mr Beetle returns home and testifies to the entire play. Then Mr. Beetle bashes through the front door, pats the artificial nerve up on the chimney, but he doesn't escape without Mr. Beetle who first triggers his anger and frustration over him. <br /> <br /> There is some irony in the statement that follows: "Mr. Beetle is generous. He forgives his wife and takes her to a movie." He is generous enough to forgive her, and yet he had been just as unfaithful, just a few minutes earlier. At this point, however, we have not forgotten the jealous filmmate who had plotted his revenge and that is not surprising when he turns out to be the projectionist for the movie Mr. and Mrs Beetle participates. Suddenly the cross in the movie they enjoy is the recording of Mr. Beetle's default and the evil wife hits him over the head with an umbrella before the frightened and angry man pops through the theater screen in search of the grasshopper. <Br /> <br /> In the final scene, both Mr and Mrs Beetle, who are now more valued by each other, serve to be in prison for the fire that broke out when Mr. Beetle sought his final revenge. We really hope that "Beetle's home life will be less exciting in the future ??" This movie may seem like a mere tale of the emergence of a small insect species, but Starewicz communicates so much more than that. This is not a story of beetles ?? It's a story about us. And it's starting exactly, isn't it?
