For animation buffs, it is a must, but even the general audience will enjoy CAMERAMAN'S REVENGE, a very early example of 'pixilation' by the hardworking pioneer Wladyslaw Starewicz. Starewicz and his helpers carefully manipulated a casting of flexible insect figures to tell this story and paved the way for Willis O'Brien, George Pal, Ray Harryhausen and legions of modern digital effect creators. <br /> <br /> CAMERAMAN'S REVENGE is only about 10 minutes long, but packs lots of entertaining details as the story follows the two ale's amorous adventures from their home to a nightclub, hotel, movie theater, and finally a prison cell . There are two short dance tracks at the nightclub (performed by a seed and a dragonfly), a scuffle between a beetle and a grasshopper, and a large donnybrook at the cinema, ending with the projector bursting into flames. Exactly more detailed goings-on in 1912 when even John Bray and Winsor MacCay just started and Walt Disney was still in school! It is also interesting to note the impact the changes to a silent movie title card may have on the story being told. I have seen two versions of this movie being offered by two video companies and saw them back-to-back, and although the image content itself is almost identical, two different sets of intertitles tell two very different stories. (And the plot outlines a person listed above, tells another third story, suggesting that there is another version out there somewhere.) The British Film Institute's print, which has received intertitles, tells the story of two siblings cars each secretly married who conceals this information from each other to inherit their abandoned father's fortune. The other Russian print tells a simpler story of poisonous beetles, each guilty of adultery. In the Russian version, Mr. Beetle's boyfriend at the "Gay Dragonfly" nightclub while the English version brother Bill Beetle visits his wife at the music hall. Personally, I prefer the fair - and spicier - Russian history; The BFI version tries to bend too much plot into what should be a simple story, and some of the rhymes are a little awkward. <br /> <br /> CAMERAMAN'S REVENGE is still a nice movie and would make an ideal part of the second great animated work that has beetles, YELLOW SUBMARINE.
