Mary Pickford often stated that Tess Skinner was her favorite movie role. Well said! She played part twice, and for this version she produced herself, she had to buy not only the rights from Adolph Zukor, but also gave him credit on the film's main title card. Needless to say, her portrayal of this role here is most winning. In fact, the film itself is one of the amazing experiences of silent cinema. True, director John S. Robertson does not move the camera one inch from start to finish, but in Robertson, skilled hands are not only this meaning, but are probably more effective. A first-rate creative artist, Robertson is the temple master, camera angles and assembly. He has also drawn brilliantly natural performances from all his players. Jean Hersholt, who uses the heavy, is so hideous, it is hard to believe that this is the same man as kind dr. Christian; while Lloyd Hughes does one of the most working jobs throughout his career. True, it is probably not the way Mrs White intended, but it serves the plot wonderfully as we would otherwise have difficulty explaining why dope spent a fortune on the defense but did not make the slightest attempt to determine who who actually fired the gun that killed his future brother-in-law! Needless to say, this particular quality of the parable is downplayed by Jack Ging in the 1960's bowlerized version, which also completely abolishes the author's trenchant attack on the middle class Christianity. Notice how the elated priest here moves forward a pace or two to surprise at the break, but makes no attempt to help our nice little heroine in the performance of the duties he himself supposedly intended to administer. This is a very moving scene, in fact because it is so realistically presented. <br /> <br /> "Tess" also gives an insight into the work of another fine actress, Gloria Hope, whose work was limited only to silent cinema. She married Lloyd Hughes in 1921 and retired in 1926 to devote her life to her husband and their two children. Lloyd Hughes died in 1958, but she lived until 1976, easily contactable in Pasadena, but I do not bet no one had the brain to interview her. Another option lost! <br /> <br /> Forrest Robinson only gave me an intermediate impression like Skinner. I thought he was a little dissatisfied, and a brief overview of his filmography shows this: He usually played priests or judges! But David Torrence was, as always, fantastic. <br /> <br /> All in all, an expensive production with beautiful photography and amazing production values.
