This movie fails to engage and move, even in 2008 to an audience who is only familiar with modern overproduced audio and computer enhanced techniques. <br /> <br /> The experience of the movie gift in 1922, which could only see this in a movie theater with others on their big screen, must have been truly profound and a thoroughly satisfying experience. One has to ask, could a film producer today make a two-hour silent movie and make it interesting and achieve the same structure pace and balance that this film has. Silent film production was pure art, it had to keep its attention through its structure, direction and action - there were no multi-word padding or computer-generated distractions. A poorly made or uninteresting sound film cannot be packed. <br /> <br /> This movie needs to be set in context for those who may be confused by the mention of Christian themes. This is not a 'Christiany' movie, it does not sell anything. These themes, together with references to current moral standards, often appear in this age. Also the church takes place on Sunday was a national time of the time, Christianity was given in most households so that the film only portrays the normal life as it was then. The themes would have been right and deep at that time. It is most odd given the strong support for good Christian thinking on this film (and it does not proclaim religion to anyone, only highlighting the difference between hypocrites and honest) that a pastor in an open debate with a representative of the film industry with a large crowd condemned Pickford as an example of immorality, along with some other people he called. NY Times 1922. Perhaps they should have seen this movie, which also came out in 1922 and learned some lessons. The pastor complained that since the film industry had started church attendance had fallen 500,000. However, the film representative in the debate made the following observations; this salon meeting also dropped that there were far more performers in the prison than actors (fact), and that choosing some examples among the many was not representative of it all. Thus, there was an ongoing battle between the church and the film industry in the early days of the film. <br /> <br /> This is a wonderful movie about being honest and true to family friends and willing to make sacrifices. Mary Pickford, naive, honest, feisty, full of joy and joy, faithful, humorous and quiet of sacrifices - yet poor and uneducated, she represented the perfect character. However, this is not pressed down in our neck, but revealed little by little through the film. This is reminiscent of some modern Chinese films, where characters slowly, blurryly revealed during a movie, and this is the pace that creates a stronger connection with character. <br /> <br /> It has a smooth straight pace for the first half that builds all elements into the last paragraph. The last 30 minutes is a great movie production and it must be understood that it was achieved without the benefit of sound, ongoing dialogue - it was achieved through deft action and great directing. It is sometimes surprising to realize that at the end of the movie you have not heard a word spoken but it feels like you have heard everything. The supporting cast put in great performances especially Gloria Hope, Jean Hersholt and Lloyd Hughes. <br /> <br /> The last few minutes are typical Pickford discreet humor as she walks outside under the pretext of sweeping the snow, an almost perfect balance and ending. This is a special type of touching humor that should not be underestimated. Chaplin often used this device and copied some of Pickford's. <br /> <br /> Another particular observation about Silent films and especially Pickford films is that the star often has to keep the camera too much of the film without the audience being abandoned or bored with the actors overexposure. The fact that Pickford is usually thoroughly attentive through most of her films, but the folks still couldn't get enough of her is a testament to her fine acting.
