Had this been the original 1914 version of TESS OF THE STORM COUNTRY (also starring Mary Pickford), I would probably have rated it much higher as this kind of extreme melodrama and sentimentality was pretty typical for teens. But in 1922, this movie began to show its age. And in comparison to many of Miss Pickford's other films (like DADDY LONGLEGS, SPARROWS, MY BEST GIRL and SUDS), TESS comes a little too little - and not all Pickford movies deserve a 10 (though she was "America's Sweetheart"). Now it's not to say it's a bad movie - it certainly isn't. But I just can't see how many people have given this movie a 10. <br /> <br /> The movie has a very long and complicated plot - especially because most movies in the era were shorter. A rich old crane builds a mansion on top of a hill next to the river. At the bottom of the hill are some dirty squatters whom he hates, but who he can't put off. So he tries to come up with a number of ways to get them out of the country. You end up in tragedy when his daughter's fiancé is killed in a push with the people. The man accused of the murder is dear old Mary's father, even though he is innocent. To make matters worse, the only witness to the real murder will not speak, and the dead one had got her fiance pregnant! So at this point we have an innocent man in the prison waiting to be executed and a pregnant lady afraid to tell her sacred her that she is "on the family home". There is a ton more for the film, as the friend's son falls in love with Mary, but it is best that you just watch the movie for yourself. <br /> <br /> The film excels in some ways. The reason, though very complicated, is also quite interesting, and the cinematography is top-notch. The very first scene is also pretty sweet. But there is so much open sentimentality that you can practically cut it with a knife. Mary is so good and so sweet and so clever, sometimes the viewer might find it a little harder to take. While it worked well in 1922 (making her the biggest star in the world), today it is very dated. This is not true for all her films, but it is certain. <br /> <br /> Thus, the Image Entertainment DVD is of decent quality, although a few scenes are poorly impaired - something that is not very surprising given the age of the movie. Also the only extras are included a short filmography.
