Madhur Bhandarkar has given it all raw. But the best part is that he has not forgotten to give the ingredients. It has come short and sharp to the viewer and it is the audience making the choice now. Page 3 is a revelation of the naked truth, regardless of the cruelty attached to it. <br /> <br /> Madhavi (Konkan Sharma) is a journalist and enjoys his work. A simple and peaceful life adorns her with a loving girlfriend and a lovely roommate Pearl. She covers Page 3 (Celebrity Side) of Nation Today, where she has a very supportive editor Deepak Suri (Boman Irani.) But life changes to her as she hits the first bump and moves away from Page 3 and goes into Crime bits. Omigosh! A whole new world was waiting for her there. She is shocked, excited, anesthetized with the revelation. Her reaction has resulted in losing her job. At the end she is back to page 3. Now, when she meets a celebrity in a party, she knows the real look of each, hidden under the illusive face. The movie has a message, and it's crude oil. The audience needs to get it in their own color. The theme and manuscript were amazing. There are some very good ideas used to prepare the audience. Just like the foreplay club is shown before the pedophiliac exhibition, the short thrill before homosexual acts in the bathroom. The dialogues are strong and the actors are really good at delivering it. Charu Mohanti's 2 words speak volumes, and he has great success in pronouncing these two words with such ingenuity, it leaves an impact. The set choices could have been better. The songs are not everywhere; but they were necessary in the background. Atul Kulkarni has a small role with high power. There were a few bugs that were visible. Atul Kulkarni explains Konkan Sharma that honesty should be felt together with intelligence. There could have been a better dialogue, as it sounds like a sermon. The meeting between Thapar and his daughter does not call for action. The scene looks very unprofessional. <br /> Overall, it is a must-watch movie with selective options before the pedophile event. It can ruin your mood.
