Madhur Bhandarkar leads this film to expose the rich and famous lifestyle while commenting on the integrity of journalism. <br /> <br /> Celebrities celebrate endlessly, they like to be seen at these parties, and to be exposed to the media. In fact, the film would make us believe that this exposure makes celebrities out of socialites, and the newspapers have a huge hand in this. IMO there is much more synergy between celebrities and media and it is a "I need you, you need me" kind of relationship. But the media need celebrities more and not the other way around. In any case, the social column (page 3 of the newspaper) reporter Konkana Sen Sharma is thrown into this environment of constant party. She is shown as this celebrity, very popular on social gatherings. She has a good friend in gay Abhijeet and in the fighting model Rohit (Bikram Saluja). She holds with an air hostess ?? The Sassy Pearl (Sandhya Mridul) and a fighting actress - Gayatri (Tara Sharma). Dagbladet's editor is Boman Irani, and a fire crime crime reporter is played by Atul Kulkarni. The movie has almost too many plot redirects and characters, but works at a certain level. The wealthy turn out to be rotten to the core for the most part. The movie biz turned out to be dizzy to the maximum with casting sofa scenarios, power utilization, hunger for media exposure. In all, it is tiered in homosexuality, a homosexual meeting that apparently does not have much to do with history or plot, violent drug use, pedophilia, police "encounter" deaths. In light of all this, Perle's desire to have a super-rich man, a social daughter associated with a sexual encounter in a car, the bitch women see all benign illnesses. <br /> <br /> The movie has absolutely outstanding plays by Konkana Sen Sharma, Atul Kulkarni has virtually no role ?? a shame in my opinion. But the support is more than competent (Boman Irani is very good). This saves me the movie. Mr. Bhandarkar bites more than he can chew or treat on celluloid and makes the film a free for all bash. I wish he had focused on one or two aspects of societal diseases and explored them more effectively. He prepares societal exploitation, but exploits himself to all the masala ingredients necessary for a movie to succeed. We have a item number within the framework of a Bollywood theme party, the driven children dance a perfectly choreographed dance to a western beat. I hope the next one from Madhur Bhandarkar will dry even more of the Hindi stereotype ingredients. The movie is a brave (albeit flawless) effort, definitely worth seeing.
