Page 3 is one of the films Madhur Bhandarkar makes to reveal community medicine. The film is convincing, but like most Bhandarcar films, it is one-sided and far too pessimistic. This movie is about tabloid journalism, gossip, celebrities. The film exposes the lives of socialites whose lifestyle is catastrophically flashy, peculiar and repulsive. The parties they care about other than fame they plan funerals, they are looking for more money and a higher reputation, they will do everything to get the necessary exposure in the media to get their names printed on the daily newspaper social column known as "Page 3" with large photographs, which will be the center of people's discussions. They are attentive, sweet and hypocritical. The film industry is shown to be sad, with the casting sofa being a common phenomenon among filmmakers. This is where our lovely heroine, a young social column reporter Madhvi Sharma, is thrown. All these people from Mumbai's elite rely on their articles and she is the right person to be friends with these parties if you want her to mention you in her article. Later in the film, we learn that even those who are Madhvi's friends do not differ from those high-society people. This was a tough view for me, even though the movie is undoubtedly brave, and the issues it deals with are interesting. <br /> <br /> The movie's music is average. The only passable songs are "Kitne Ajeeb" and "Huzoor-E-Ala" sung by the two melodicas Lata Mangeshkar and Asha Bhosle respectively. Otherwise, the soundtrack is bad. A song that was particularly horrible is "Filmy Very Filmy". The film's writing is pretty good. The second half is far better than the first, as it becomes more matter-of-fact and exposes much more important issues such as terrorism and child abuse. This is where the film should be applauded. It was sad to know that people prefer to ignore such crimes out of fear, and Konkona Sen Sharma's character disappointment was very easy to relate to. She was excellent throughout the film, and her performance in the last few scenes was particularly impressive. Atul Kulkarni part was very small, but he made full rights to it. Boman Irani is the editor of the newspaper. Sandhya Mridul is lovable as Madhvi sassy roommate Pearl who marries an elderly man for money and is honest enough to admit it. The film's finish is really well done and gives a certain sigh due to the incredibly tough procedure. Page 3 is a good movie, it is interesting and sometimes moving, but the level of its interest and its overall quality is appalled by its exaggerated, overly calm and negative portrayal of the rich and famous.
