While visiting Romania with his CIA father, Tony (Adam Arkin) is a very talented high school quarterback who is seen as the savior to lead his team to a victory over rival Simpson, told by any palm-reader. Romania, the people are not allowed to many books, so she took palm reading) that he would be bitten by a werewolf ("When the moon is full, do not make any agreements ... you will be busy."). Well, who would have tunk it .. Tony is actually bitten and his life would forever change. Unfortunately, after his father dies in an accident within his booth (!) In unequal circumstances (shot on his werewolf son inside a metal bomb, shelter is not a very good idea, especially if the ball does not leave the room and jumps around Tony moves the country through endless years until he is tired of packing and returning decades (.. and many US presidents) later to hopefully lead his football team to a victory over Simpson, a task he left long ago, what once was a very white Rejuvenated high school has actually become a ghetto of drug use, violence and perversion, to get an idea of ​​what the early 80s Full Moon High Schools prom party looks like, think Studio 54 with teenagers. <br /> <br /> Larry Cohs The parody of the werewolves is, among other things, full of gags, homages, and jokes, and my favorite sequences include one in the sex-ed classroom, where Tony reveals in his 80s class his werewolf transformation and the initial scene for Dr. Br and (Alan Arkin, who steals the movie when Kenneth Mars is not on the screen), possibly the worst psychiatrist on earth. His task of talking down a jumper leads to two men falling off a balcony. The jumper and a firefighter (first trying to talk him out of it), both fuming angry at Brand! Brand even tries to get Tony to sign a doggy because his body is donated to science so he can get his wife a coat! Kenneth Mars had me rolling in the floor like a gay soccer coach (.. and later in the 80s as Principal), who likes to pat his players on the back .. his scene where Tony's release of the truth to the sexy class is classic. The movie is filled with inspired casting choices .. just filled with fun characters and cast interpretations. Like Ed McMahon as a very conservative military blowhard, who actually looks identical to Joseph McCathy, standing next to his image in the bombhouse. always talking about commies), Joanne Nail as bulging eyed Ricky in the present, falling for werewolf, Elizabeth Hartman (A Patch of Blue) as a mousy, nerdy sexually misunderstood (.. and molester) teacher who finds an attraction towards Tony, James Dixon as a substitute (.. his big scene has stolen him a line from his police chief who recites it to Dr. Brand, who begins to think the words to himself to remember), Roz Kelly as Jane, an eerie devoted woman who only wants Tony himself constantly demanding that he ravish her, and Bill Kirchenbauer as Flynn, Tony's long-term perspective and now the chief of police, who only got Jane after his friend left town. Can't forget JM J Bullock as Flynn's dressed gay son trying to fit into school and hopes to find a lady with fun results. I like how the film pays tribute to the werewolf genre, as when he is on prowl .. they are often referred to in the papers as Jack the Nipper because he likes to bite his victims on the cheek .. and I'm not talking face. He's seen more as an annoyance than danger. Tribute to Carrie and Psycho is nice, and the violin shtick is also entertaining. Cohen throws so many singers on the viewer, eventually you have to hold on. Of course, in a comedy like this, not all jokes hit it is field, but many do. The cast makes it worthwhile. The movie looks cheap on the typical Larry Cohen budget. Note the 50's scenes where the obvious old cast members who would appear down the road wear clear wigs. Loved Adam in the lead. It's the perfect foil for the gags that follow him and the singers he lets fly from the Coh script. The film is moving fast, rarely catching the weather. I liked this horror comedy more than most people think.
