I'm not talking about that summary and votes! The video distributors have packed this as just another typical 80-inch werewolf movie, but it is actually the greatest parody of the horror genre that one can imagine having done for the horror movie, what "Blazing Saddles" did for the Western. I've seen lots of comedies - good, bad, stupid, odd, etc. (Usually go away unimpressed), and I think that comedy should be the hardest genre for filmmakers and actors to work in - it just takes the right one Kind of touch to make things successful, and part of it has good ideas. "Full Moon High" bends with good ideas - so many that it can easily put Zucker / Abram's team of "Airplane" and "Naked Gun" to shame. One of the best of these is Ed McMahon's presence in a leading role as a John Birch-style right wing. The wit, non-sequiturs, wisecracks and word-play are literally non-stop and everything, including kitchen sink, has been thrown in. The ironic tone is very similar to "Back to the Future." <br /> <br /> Some people (ie almost all reviewers here) must have been turned off by the spirit of the anarchy here, but I almost died of laughter, and that is one of those movies where you never know Which kind of insane situation will turn out next. Since B-movie extraordinary Larry Cohen hadn't made a straight comedy before this, one gets the feeling that he made up for lost time by including a joke he or his collaborators could think of. If Mel Brooks had done this, the critics would have noticed it as a cartoon masterpiece, but because it was made by Cohen, it has been rejected as a schlock. Critical reviews have also called this movie "stupid". SILLY? What should a comedy be - serious? Still, I laughed aloud at this movie than anybody else I can think of. Cohen makes fun of everyone - even included, with lots of references to his usual low-grade film brand; He and the actors must have a complete blast to do this. Humor is very much Mel Brooks-ish, and anyone who loves Jewish humor or sees many B-movies (especially horror) will love this. Trust me: The movie is not too hard to find, and as long as you accept it for what it is - laugh a skinny slide without any social value - then you will really enjoy it !! <br /> <br /> A side note: this movie somehow has to go down in history as the only thing Bob Saget has ever played (albeit briefly) that was actually fun.
