I don't know why people except much from low budget indie movies but I enjoyed this one as I am a fan of urban horror. There are not too many urban horror films out there, so when I saw this on the shelf, the title only ate my curiosity. So I decided to check it out and I was surprised ... it's not too often you run into a low budget indie horror movie with great acting and a good story. Is it low budget? Yes. Can you tell that it's low budget? Yeah ... but when you start watching the movie you are so wrapped up in history that it doesn't matter. I also like hip hop music and the soundtrack is good! I don't know what happens to all those bad reviews for this movie. All I hear is "worst movie ever". Have these idiots seen every movie out there? There are thousands of movies out there, how can you categorize one as the "worst" ever? A video not "movie" like "zombiez" may be the worst movie I've ever seen, but I can't say it's the worst movie ever since I haven't seen every movie out there. At the bottom are these people who gave this movie bad reviews, probably from the suburbs. Listen if you don't like minority based, city movies, ghetto pictures, hip hop etc. Why WHY ARE THESE TYPES OF MOVIES ??? !!! Knowing that you do not like this type of thing? Sure, this is a horror movie, but it's not just a horror movie, but it's an urban horror movie with a multicultural based cast. I don't like TV shows like Dawson's Creek or O.C. Movies like "Garden State", "Wedding Crashers" and "I heart huckabees" SUCK to me. I'm a New Jersey guy and these shows and movies suck me. Why? Because I can't relate to them. They don't track my interest. Just common sense. Believe me, I will never see GARDEN STATE 2: GARDEN SALAD, WEDDING CRASHERS 2: Here's a sequel to torture you again since the first sucked so badly and I heart HUCKABORING. Now back to this movie, regarding saint405's comment above, I don't know if this guy smoked cracked or was knocked "stupid" by his drunk father before he saw the movie, but for me everyone did a good job. The actor who played Ricky (I forgot his name) did a very good job. I am an aspiring actor myself to take theater at my school and I had to make a game where I had to cry and it is not easy to be emotionally in a scene so I give records to actors who have to do a emotional scene and can pull it off. Anywho, I liked this movie and never heard of these actors and directors before, but you bet I will look at their stuff right now and if they read this, BURN ON THE SEQUEL !!! I am out. Jerzee Representin '!
