Welcome to Oakland, where the dead come to play, and even the boys of DA hood can't stop them. This low-budget direct-to-video production coincides with the release of the Land of the Dead, the latest release of George A. Romero's famous zombie series. The ghetto setting and the hip-hop soundtrack can provide additional appeal to inner gore dogs. Ricky (Carl Washington) works on a medical research facility while raising his baby brother, Jermaine (Brandon Daniels). But the teenager, upset by macaroni and cheese dinners in their house, would rather spend his time hanging out with street mates Marco and Kev. Apparently, there is not much for African-American high school dropouts to do on this side of the bay except deal drugs and scuffle with homeys, including rival Latino gang bangers. Ricky plans to sell their parents 'parents' house and move into the country to Castro Valley, a more middle-class and presumably safer environment. Unfortunately, before this can happen, a Jermaine driver shoots dead on the porch. Ricky-wounded Ricky tries a final desperate trick. He tells Scotty, his laboratory assistant, to steal some of the experimental cell regeneration formulas they have tested on rats. When a double dose fails to revive Jermaine, there is no choice but to call 911. But a fun thing happens on the road to morning. The boy is resuscitating as a sputtering, grueling zombie, chewing the ambulance drivers and staggering into the night, bent on revenge and hungry for fresh meat. Birth paternity infects multiple victims and before the night is over the East Bay is a battlefield between the living and blood-spotted undead. The Horror genre has seen more than its share of cheap movie creators, from Ed Wood to Herschel Gordon Lewis to Charles Band. But low budgets do not necessarily mean bad movies. Consider Val Lewton's programmers (Cat People, The Leopard Man, Isle of the Dead), Roger Cormans Poe quickies, Romero's Night of Living Dead and John Carpenter's Halloween. The difference between memorable and terrible has more to do with talent and ambition than money. Hood Of The Living Dead is more fun than hundreds of millions of dollars worth of the latest expensive horrors. Cheapness has its charm. In really cheap movies, actors wear their own clothes between real settings. Here, the towers have freshly painted walls in neutral maths that lend a gloom as oppressive as Douglas Sir's bourgeois melody frames from the 50s. Lines seem more impromptu than written. "What the hell should we do now?" "Just keep an eye out for any F N 'things that look unusual." Ricky and Scotty call their boss who calls a former military man named Romero. "I have a big bitch of a problem that we need to take care of quickly." "Not a problem," says the mark, closing his phone and grabbing his arms. Everyone has guns, and even when fighting with zombies, are they on their cell phones that aren't today? Information is exchanged with naturalistic understatement. "What happened?" "We got into it with some crazy morphocks." "Deja F N 'vu. It's the park zombie again ..." Ricky must blow his creepy girlfriend away and say, "She's out of hand." Unlike most zombie films, this gives a motive for chaos. Jermaine takes revenge on scared bangers who shot him, which again continues the rum. This is urban film making that entails its own social commentary, a near-guerrilla production that suggests a future for low budget scares that reflects real life rather than supernatural clichés. The brothers Quiroz, who have their brand name as if in anticipation of a new move, can inspire others to tell stories derived from personal experience rather than imitating tired Hollywood product. Given their limited resources, Jose and Eduardo Quiroz have made a cheap but technically acceptable feature of people they know. Photographer Rocky Robinson gets the job, music from Eduardo Quiroz is no easier than Carpenter's haunting Halloween theme, and hip hop songs by The Darkroom Familia and others add atmosphere. The result is promising, if not exactly exciting. They learn their craft and, unlike Lewis and Wood, who never got any better, their next can be one to see.
