There have been "race" pictures almost from the beginning of the film industry. Films with almost black casts have been made by segregated poverty studies (most often not owned by Caucasians) for ghetto records. With the growing city blowing in the 1970s, this idea was revived with a wave of "blaxploitation" images made for city walls that overlaid black actors and funky atmosphere over traditional B-movie floats. This trend even spread to horror features with titles such as Blacula, Blackenstein and Sugar Hill, serving blaxploitation versions of monster standards. And it didn't die with the closure of most city theaters ?? It was only slowly embedded in the video age, and continues with low budget direct-to-DVD releases like this. Ed and Jose Quiroz 'Hood of Living Dead, adopt the latest popularity of horror movies for the hip hop audience. Ricky (Carl Washington) is a young scientist in Oakland trying to keep his younger brother Jermaine (Brandon Daniels) out of trouble after the death of their parents. After Jermaine is shot by drug dealers in a drive-city, Ricky decides to use the experimental cell-regenerating formula he's been working on in an attempt to save the teen's life. Apparently his efforts are nothing and Jermaine's body is taken away. But the body never makes it to tomorrow? Jermaine re-animates in the corona's van as a fleshly zombie. He kills the drivers and then goes after the gang that killed him, spreading the zombie infection wherever he may go. After hearing from Jermaine's friends, Kevin (Derek Taylor II) and Marco (Raul Martinez) about the attack on gangsters, Ricky feels that the only thing to do is catch Jermaine and try to cover the whole thing before he and his accomplices Scott (Chris Angelo) is being arrested for the chaos they have caused. However, they quickly find that the infection spreads too quickly in order for them to control it. Keeping things simple, the Quiroz team manages to produce an entertaining little horror feature without over-extending to the point where things begin to look whimsical. Along the way, they also add a few interesting things. When he was first confronted with a zombie, Scott Ricky says, "Shoot him in the head like in the movies!" ?? An effective as a way to discover how to kill zombies. An extra twist is added when the first head shot does not kill the brain and adds the viewer's anxiety. Another good point is that the audio track only makes limited use of sub-Eminem style rap, which is in standard "creepy" music throughout.
