Most of the bad reviews on this site blame "Hood of the Living Dead" for one (or more) for the following reasons: 1) It is a low budget movie with almost no action; 2) It was so bad it made me laugh 3) It's something I could do myself. I do not even want to discuss the first point because it is a very subjective question whether you like low budget and independent things or not. However, I must say that I still do not understand people who rent such a movie as "Hood of the Living Dead" and then look surprised when they realize that it is not as polished and sweet as a romantic comedy with Lindsay Lohan or Matthew Mc Conaughey. As for the second point, I really do not see what is so wrong with laughing. I personally like to laugh, and love movies that make me, be it comedies or horror flicks. When in "Hammerhead" I saw this girl penetrate into a PUDDLE, and the shark man came out of it to eat her, I just jumped up. And I was grateful that the director made such a stupid scene and gave me ten seconds of pure fun. Honestly, laughing makes me feel good while it seems that many people write reviews look like a bad thing. If you only want to feel sad and scared while watching a movie, "Hood of the Living Dead" and low budget flicks are definitely not for you. But please do not come and tell us that you find them ridiculous. We already know. That's probably why we decided to watch the movie in the first place. But that is the third point that leaves us completely amazed. Only a few years ago, people went out of theaters to see the "Blair Witch Project", which is a way more rudimentary, boring, immaculate and badly acted than "Hood of the Living Dead" (and also takes seriously too) . In addition, half a million people on YouTube go every day to watch the short films "Lonelygirl15", which is definitely something everyone with a sweet girlfriend, room and webcam could do! Not to mention all the even more amateur videos you can find there. Why don't people blame these clips for bad acting and non-existent plot? I think it's one of the best things of our time that anyone with affordable technology and a bunch of friends can make their own movies and share them with people who have similar interests. And I feel some admiration for people who spend their weekends with their friends who make a frankly (but refreshing) piece of waste like this rather than shopping at the mall or playing video games alone. Leave your pretenses and your desire to sound like a smart movie critic by attacking b-movies and you will see that "Hood of the Living Dead" can bring you almost as much fun as it did for its decision makers! If you have a taste of refreshing and comfortable homemade horror movies, I recommend "Zombiez", "The Ghosts of Edendale", "The Killer Eye", "Monster Man", "Don't Look In The Cellar", "The Worst Horror Movie Ever Made" , "Redneck Zombies", "Jesus Christ Vampyre-Slayer" and "Habit".
