Eye in the maze is not your average Giallo ... and to be honest I am not quite sure it really is a Giallo; But Giallo or not, despite some problems, is certainly a very interesting little movie. I hesitate to call it a Giallo because the movie does not contain most of the things that make these movies what they are; But many genre entries break the shape and it seems to be one of them. The movie does not have any brutal murders that many Giallo's do, but it is done with a surrealistic atmosphere and a plot that is confusing enough to remain interesting for the duration. The reason seems simple because it focuses on a doctor murdered by Julie, his patient, who for some reason sees him as his lover and father and is offended when he goes out on her. We then move to a large house that lived with a number of people, but nothing really is what it looks like there are a number of secrets about various events that occurred before July's arrival ... <br /> <br / > The film seems to be aware of something about how the mind is like a maze. This never comes out completely, and I preferred to just sit back and enjoy what was going on instead of worrying about which point (if any) the movie is trying to make. Eyes in the maze are directed by Mario Caiano, the director behind the excellent Night of the Doomed some years earlier. Neither does he create the atmosphere of this film as he did in the past; But the surrealistic aspects of the story come out well, and the mystery is always stopped, which stops the movie from becoming boring. The movie stars Rosemary Dexter, which gives the eye disc all the way through and also delivers a good performance. Most of the rest of the throw is not really worth mentioning, with the exceptions of Adolfo Celi, who are good as the villain and Alida Valli, who cult fans will remember from a variety of excellent cult flags. The film explains at the end; who is lucky when I'm sure I'm not the only viewer who was more than a little confused then! Overall, this cannot be classic things; but it is good enough and worth seeing.
