I haven't seen the original "Incredible Journey" since I was a kid, so I can't really compare the two versions. This version tells the story of three animals, two dogs and a cat whose owners leave them with friends in the countryside when the family man needs to take a new job in San Francisco. The pets, who believe they have been abandoned, escape and set off on a long journey through the desert. <br /> <br /> This story may have been recorded as a comic book, but both versions are actually live action movies made using real animals. One big difference is that the animals in the later version speak in human voices and each give their own distinct personality something that was not done in the original film. (A similar arrangement of talking animals has been used in other recent children's films such as "Racing Stripes"). Some critics have been quite sniffy about the use of this device, but my own opinion is that giving the animals their distinctive features helps to strengthen the film rather than weaken it. The animals were pronounced by big-name stars, Don Ameche, Michael J. Fox and Sally Fields. <br /> <br /> Both dogs are men and their relationship is parallel between many people in "buddy-buddy" movies. Shadow, a golden retriever, is the wise, experienced older dog; Chance the younger is brash, cake and impulsive. For British Eyes Chance looks like a boxer, but is actually an American bulldog that apparently is another breed for its British cousin. The sassy cat is a woman with a pretty primitive and proper personality. She is very proud of her status as a cat, which in her eyes makes her much better than any dog. ("Cats rule, dogs drool!"). From an adult point of view, the film has a number of errors; It can be sentimental, some of the events (like the animals that manage to catapult a mountain lion in the river) are incredible, and human figures are completely forgettable. However, this is a movie that is primarily aimed at children and I suppose they will enjoy it immensely. Certain animal-loving children will certainly do so. (Comments from some professional critics such as James Berardinelli, who complained that the animal's voices reduce the movie's "grandeur", only serve to reinforce my belief that professional critics are not always the best guides to children's films. I doubt whether many playground discussions on "Homeward Bound" concentrated on the supposed greatness). One thing adults will appreciate is the photography of California's Sierra Nevada Mountains. They can also appreciate the movie's blend of humor and excitement as the running pets encounter dangers such as bears, mountain lions and porcupines in the desert. This is a very fun family movie. 10.7
