SPOILERS ALERT <br /> Homeward Bound: The Incredible Journey is an important movie from my life because it is the first movie I remember watching in my hometown cinema as a 4-year-old scamp. The story is based on the Sheila Burnford short story and it is therefore not possible to write this one as a brainless Lassie clone. <br /> <br /> Basic story: Two dogs and a cat happily live in the Seaver family, when the new husband to the mother of the three children gets a job in the city and they have to move temporarily into the inner San Francisco while The animals are sent to a ranch to stay for a few months. The bonds between the animals and the children they are watching are particularly strong, and Shadow the Golden Retriever and Sassy the Himalayan cat are heartbroken as the kids are, although the young and happy lucky American bulldog known as Chance is a little less worried and somewhat cynical (due in part to his voice transmission, explaining that he is abandoned as a puppy, caught up in an animal shelter and bought by the family), although his growth as a sign during history gives much of important storytelling. The three pets escape the ranch and go out into the wide and dangerous wilderness (amazing wilderness settings by the way) powered by Shadow's instincts of direction. They face several dangers along the way and hope to make it home while the family and ranch hosts are worried about the animal experiment. There are fun moments throughout, great dialogue between the three animals and hilarious lines (see - memorable quotes) and a touching companionship that grows between the protagonists during the storytelling, characterized by moments of sadness (such as when Sassys arrogance of trying to cross a river without getting wet, causing her to fall into the river and being washed down in a waterfall, leaving a moment of loss felt deeply by the viewers). <br /> <br /> Somehow, I fail to see what the inclusion of saving the girl lost in the desert adds to the story and the journey they take. Somehow it seems a little unnecessary as part of the story. The end twists the stakes higher when the shadow falls into a pit in a yard and has hit the leg, finds it difficult to get out and gives up, exhausted, followed by Chance climbing with him to persuade him to climb out and tell him how important he is to him and how he has pushed them so far that he should not throw it all away so easily. <br /> <br /> The way this scene (brilliantly performed) is not completed leaves an ambiguity going on to the final scene when Chance and Sassy return, but Shadow is nowhere to be seen. So, as everyone seems lost, he slowly looks up and reunites with the family. Chance's conclusion in the end talks about the companionship that has evolved between him and his fellow travelers on the journey, and the realization of which home really is from his long journey to get there, leaves a fine epilogue to show how much his character has grown, but also how the other two have. Hang on for a second, I think I'll cry ... At least I haven't read Sheila Burnford's book, so I'm not pretending to know where the differences between book and movie lie. But it's a movie that the whole family can watch, and while they will love the talking animals, older viewers will understand the plot line better (which I found when I watched the movie again after years without seeing it). This movie is a cinema masterpiece and I suggest that if you haven't seen it, you go out and get it! <br /> <br /> Please avoid the sequel (see my Homeward Bound II review!)
