This comment contains spoilers !! <br /> <br /> There are few actors who have an intangible for them. The innate quality, which is a combination of charisma, panache and swagger. It's the quality that can separate good actors from the real big. I think George Clooney does, and Jack Nicholson does. You can look at Clooney's subtle touches in scenes like his one word goodbye to Andy Garcia in Ocean's 11 when they just pronounce each other's name contemptuously. "Terry". "Danny". You can choose any number of Jack's performances that go as far back as five simple pieces of dinner to a few good men and his hip issues. These guys just got it. You can add Denzel Washington to the small and exclusive list of actors that radiate the amazing feature of everything he does. If you look at some of his explosive borderline diatribes in The Siege for his impressive tribute to Malcolm X in Spike Lee's film of the same name, you can see there is no finer an actor working today. I do not mention all this to insinuate that Man On Fire is perfect just because of Denzel's work, but he is certainly the production gears. I was literally fascinated with some of his scenes that are raw, emotional and burning at the same time. Washington plays Creasy a former spy or CIA agent or one of these hidden government operations. He has largely hit the rock bottom since he has been disillusioned with the life he has led. He has killed and perhaps done the things that are best left invisible, and it has made him a hardened and bitter man. His friend, and perhaps mentor, played very much by Christopher Walken, living in Mexico, makes a very enjoyable life by delivering bodyweight to the rich. Apparently, the kidnapping business in Mexico is so vivid that they paid earlier S.E.A.L.s and so can do very well while providing a necessary service. Creasey needs work and accepts a job with a well to make family appear to be in some financial difficulties. Marc Anthony is fine as Samuel, Radha Mitchell is exhilaratingly sexy as his wife Lisa and Dakota Fanning are just incredible and truly brilliant as Pita. I don't know how a child of his age can have such scope to play the characters she does, but her interpretation of Pita is nothing short of Oscar worthy. The whole first half of the movie relies on the relationship between Pita and Creasy, and if there was a weaker actress in the role, it might not be so emotional that emotional synergy has come across. But Fanning is nothing short of remarkable in the role. <br /> <br /> It is the relationship between Pita and Creasy that drives this movie to the cinema's peak. Together they are perfect and there is a real bond developed between them. Tony Scott conducts with a frenetic urgency and his eye for visual flare has never been better. I'm interested to see how his next movie, Domino, shows up. I think Scott is one of today's subordinates and with several movies like this, his name will surely be increased to icon status. The story has Creasy that really goes to Pita, and vice versa. There is a clear connection between the two and perhaps it is because even though Pita loves her father, he is not much. He is a philanthropist and of course has some time to spend with his family. Soon, Creasy Pita will take her swimming contest. He reads his bedtime stories and she names her teddy bear "Creasy". It's not just a friendship between them, it's more of a kinship, and a deep parent's love seems to be present. <br /> <br /> The movie changes gear when Pita is kidnapped and held to ransom, and Creasy is almost death trying to protect her. This is where the story becomes thick with the insinuation and maturity of deception as the plot pieces become unraveled like an onion. And this is where Denzel becomes a trip they force. As I said before, I've seen Denzel give some great performances in movies like Crimson Tide and Training Day, but I've never seen him like this. He is a man, and with the possibility that Pita is dead, he becomes a literal man on fire. It rages in him as he chases down and straightens his mark of comeuppance. Denzel is angry and inexperienced omnipresent and not easily quelled as he chases down every person responsible for Pita's violation. This all vigilant justice that the Mexican authorities always seem to be a step back. <br /> <br /> What is crucial to this film's hectic glory is that there are few movies that actually give the criminal their culprit comeuppance. I have often been frustrated with watching movies where the evil ones get off easily. They apply all kinds of pain to the whole movie, and then they take a ball and die. But not in this movie. Author Brian Helgeland sees to it that retribution here is unequivocal and it is painful. The perpetrators here feel Creasa's anger and they experience the plague he releases. There is nothing gimmicky about his mark of justice. He needs information and someone loses a finger. He wants answers and a homemade bomb is located in places intended for other things. There are no battles drawn here, and this is one of the film's true strengths. <br /> <br /> Man on Fire is one of the five best movies in 2004. Now that it's out on DVD, my recommendation is to get SE. It's full of bonus features that include approx. 6 hours of documentaries and various commentary tracks. 10.10
