When I remember seeing examples of this movie and not thinking much about it. It was almost one of those films that when you see the example, it is stunning, and so when it comes out, you hear nothing and totally miss it, and your memory doesn't completely solve the mistake of missing it. Man On Fire was one of those films. I was curious about a rental once and I decided to take it home with me, my precious Blockbuster rental in my hands. I saw it and saw such a beautiful movie. It is like nothing else ... drama and action combined to create something incredibly spectacular. The cinematics performed by Tony Scott are extremely well done and unique, unlike any other movie. The subtitles can explain something without even listening to the actual voices, and the music is very exciting for the setting. I got into this movie and ended up buying it as soon as I could scurry out of the house and go over to Best Buy. I've seen it several times now. Denzel Washington (Creasy) does a great job of becoming this lost ex-special forces man without reason to live. Dakota Fanning (Pita) puts his life back in him with his incredible love for him right from the start. They bind and become good friends until she is kidnapped by infamous gangsters' part of the brotherhood, La Hermandad. Creasy (Denzel) tells Dakota Fanning's mother that he will hunt down the killers and fear that Pita is dead. This is where Creasy really shows the person he can stay. He uses his contacts from Pita's kidnapping and Creasy's hospitalization to find one of the men and he begins his persecution. My favorite line of all is in this movie when Christopher Walken tells the AFI agent that "A man is a work of art, in all that he does .... cooking, whatever. Creasas art is death ... he is about painting His masterpiece. "He plays a very unique role in Creasy's old partner and friend. After finally pursuing the brother of "The Voice", head of La Hermandad. Creasy arranges a meeting to trade Pita for himself and The Voice brother. Eventually, Creasy dies from being shot earlier, and his wounds get infected and massive blood loss. It is a very sincere and sad ending, but a great one. I love this movie and recommend it to anyone who is looking for a memorable flick. The story is in depth, everything is explained from the beginning to the end, and nothing corny at all in any way or manner.
