- Cuckoos in Mexico are as common as honeys give me their phone numbers, so if you are rich then you need a good bodyguard to keep you and your children safe. A couple hires a washed bodyguard called Creasy to protect their adorable child Pita. Initially, their relationship is a bit buggy, but after a while Creasy eases up to the girl, and the two develop a relationship between father and daughter. One day, Pita is kidnapped, and Creasy is badly hurt in the process. When he wakes up, he finds out that the girl has been killed because of the resolution of negotiations that went wrong and this puts Creasy on a path, finds the men responsible for her death and makes sure they are brought to his justice. <Br /> <br /> -Have some Tylenol next to you while watching this movie because you have to take some after seeing it. I really love the story here to go extreme to get revenge because most movies usually only want revenge but really never go too far, where as this movie they show how far a man can go to do what he feel is right. The only problem is the annoying visual style that either hates the movie or hates Tony Scott. I feel really sorry about the filmmaker because he is sure he came into this movie because he was filming an action movie and probably got everyone excited, but instead he got stuck to be DP for a filmmaker who feels that The whole movie should look like it has been obsessed with demons. I wouldn't mind if crappy visuals were limited to a few action scenes, but when it's spread through the whole movie, then we have some issues. The same annoying style was recently used on "Domino" and much like this movie style hurt the otherwise great movie. <br /> <br /> Another person I feel sad about this movie was soon to be great Harry Gregson Williams, who had the impossible task of trying to compose music out of the heavy images. Somehow, Williams wrote some decent music for the movie, but I'm sure the movie was more stable, as the music would have been much better. The sound is mistakenly used throughout the movie and instead of improving the movie experience, it makes you more likely to be punished. The breakdown of the subwoofer is annoying like every 5 seconds, or you can hear a wicked low sound coming out of it. I don't know why Scott thought the audience should be bombarded by the subwoofer, but it really takes you away from the movie. <br /> <br /> the movie is an animal in spite of visuals. Little Fanning does another good job here and the scene at the end of the movie just breaks my heart. If the end of the movie does not make anyone cry, then they are dead on the inside. Denzel Washington breaks its rule of not making any action movie with this movie and fortunately for him he gets a great character. The whole idea of ​​a man lost in life and suddenly due to a tragedy finds a purpose in his life is nothing new, but Washington brings some heart and emotion to the otherwise flat character. I love how we experience him from being a lonely to learn to have emotions and after the kidnapping becomes a cold revenge instrument. Radha Mitchell plays Marc Anthony's wife and she, along with Fanning, are the two reasons I can't hate the movie too much. J.Lo's husband comes and goes in the movie, but he doesn't really stand out much. Mickey Rourke and Chris Walken all have small roles in the movie, but they have an influence. <br /> <br /> One thing that makes me laugh is how the filmmakers try to make up for the crazy way they portray Mexico by calling It is a great city at the end of the movie. A little late for that if you ask me. Let us hope that Tony Scott has finished this phase of deliberately trying to destroy his career because a filmmaker is as talented as he can and must do better than this.
