You know you're in for something different when a movie has Christopher Walken playing part of a professional hitman - and he's not even one of the evil ones! While it could do with some bad trim here and there, "Man on Fire" is a generally effective criminal drama that varies in tone from the overtly sentimental to the righteous brutal - and almost any tone that can be imagined. <br /> <Denzel Washington stars as Creasy, a former CIA assassin who recently interrupted the company and seeks some form of redemption for the sins he has committed. So far, he has been looking for answers in a bottle and the Bible and not doing so well either. When the film is opened, Mexico City has been ravaged by a number of kidnappings aimed at the powerful and well-documented, possibly committed by the very police force responsible for maintaining law and order in society. Creasy accepts the job as a bodyguard for the daughter of a wealthy business owner who rightly fears her safety. The first third of the film is devoted to the growing friendship between Creasy and his charge, Pita, a cute little girl who slowly but surely works herself into Creasas original hardened heart and emotions. The last two-thirds of the movie becomes an Avenging Angel melodrama, as Creasy systematically searches and eliminates all those responsible for a tragedy that occurs early in history. <br /> <br /> Based on the novel AJ Quinnell, "Man on Fire" written sharply by Brian Helgeland and flashly directed by Tony Scott, is a cool effective action image that never sets itself apart from the cruel brutality of its subject . It requires a risk to ask us to identify with a man who, in all his intent, is attaining his redemption by torturing and murdering (at least unfavorable) people. These scenes of carnage and violence are both intense and exciting, although they sometimes adhere to exploitation. Even better are the quiet, intimate moments between Creasy and Pita in the early parts of the film. Washington and the wonderful Dakota Fanning create a natural, moody report that helps set the stage for the chaos and turmoil. <br /> <br /> Washington carries the film with its quality of stoic justice, so we understand his character at an emotional level, even though what he does drives us intellectually. In addition to the two leaders, there are solid performances by Walken, Marc Anthony, Radha Mitchell, Mickey Rourke, Rachel Ticotin and Giancarlo Giannini. But it is Washington and the lovely Mrs Fanning who steals the show. "Man on Fire" would have been better by about half an hour taking its time, but it is still a better-than-average criminal thriller.
