Although it is released among a bunch of revenge-minded action flicks (KILL BILL VOL. 2, THE PUNISHER; WALKING TALL), MAN ON FIRE works and thanks to the ever-visible Denzel Washington, one of the best actors around today. In MAN ON FIRE, based on AJ Quinnell's 1980 novel (first recorded in 1987 with Scott Glenn), Washington plays a legendary legend that has now bowed to drinking from a flash of Jack Daniels until his old partner (Christopher Walken) offers him a chance to redeem. He is employed as a bodyguard for the 10-year-old daughter (Dakota Fanning) by a Mexican businessman (Marc Antony) and his American-born wife (Radha Mitchell). While he and Fanning first work as oil and water first (do not mix very well), he is really able to form a bond with her and encourages her to swim better while trying to handle the demons of the past. It is the very bond that will force Washington back into its old workforce when Fanning is kidnapped and held for a $ 10 million solution, and he's almost killed. With almost every other action hero (Schwarzenneger; Segal, etc.), the subsequent carnage would be the same repetitive schlock we've seen a million times before. But Washington's character, although killing for some reason, does not particularly enjoy what he does. Still, he gets help from a very pristine Mexican newspaper reporter (Rachel Ticotin) out to reveal "La Hermanidad", the kidnapped gang responsible for Fanning's abduction. <br /> <br /> MAN ON FIRE is insufficient to some extent due to hyper camera work, almost headache-inducing editing and various movie stores ready for its director Tony Scott (TOP GUN; CRIMSON TIDE), but not necessarily unique to him (witness Oliver Stone's use of montage in JFK or Sam Peckinpahs in his classic 60s and 70s films). Still, Scott gets a very good performance from Washington, as well as Fanning, coming across far more than a typical movie-abrupt kid. Harry Gregson-Williams' southern border Spanish guitar score is enhanced by the soundtrack splashes of Chopin, Debussy, and even Linda Ronstadt's classic 1977 rock rock version of "Blue Bayou". Although the movie is generally quite violent, it is no worse than most action films in the last ten years, and generally it is much better than most.
