Maslin Beach is a real nudist / naturist beach south of Adelaide, on the Fleurieu Peninsula, in South Australia. It is also the name of an Australian film that used the beach as a place. <br /> <br /> Maslin Beach is a romantic comedy. This could be a bit misleading as it is not a "hilarious" movie, nor is it romantic in the traditional sense, but it has merry moments. Like life itself, there are also moments of sorrow. It is also completely shot on the nudist beach as mentioned above, and nudity runs the entire length of the film. The viewer quickly learns to accept this as normal and concentrate on the plot, not the abundant amount of meat. <br /> <br /> Simon and Marcie (Michael Allen and Eliza Lovell) arrive by car on a beachside car park. They take their belongings to the beach, and while they are walking, a voice from Simon speaks of his confusion about what true love is. The rest of the movie is an exploration of this, framed by a full day at the beach. The basic principle is what happens to Simon's love life, but there are also many other characters highlighted in several separate vignettes. <br /> <br /> When they get to the beach, both Simon and Marcie look bored to each other. Marcie sees them as a romantic couple "Romeo and Juliet". Simon is just sad. Next we are introduced to Gail (Bonnie-Jaye Lawrence), Paula (Zara Collins) and Jenny (Jennifer Ross). They walk down the beach and discuss Gail's chances of finding the 'perfect' man, backed by 'forces' of a necklace that fortunately brought to his grandmother. However, there are many more interesting people on the beach, not all of them 'attractive' and young (part of the realism of this movie). To service the beach's patrons there is a flatulent, short-sighted ice cream salesman with a van. This is Ben (Gary Waddell), a friend of Simon, and is also his unofficial advisor. I think this character is the most important cartoon element. However, it is hard to say as there is nothing about Ben who would make you laugh loudly unless you were drunk, male and very young! However, Maslin Beach has a great redemption function, and it does not dwell on a subject for too long. Since the quality of acting is variable, the script is suspected, and everything about Maslin Beach is cheap, the lack of continuity is a positive blessing. In fact, there is something about this movie (not nudity) that I find appealing. It is difficult to define what it is, but it may be related to its dullness and even 'Aussie' attitude to carnal relationships. <br /> <br /> The camera's work in Maslin Beach deserves a mention. Sometimes it is very good, with some amazing static shots and 'pans' of the beach, rocks and a sunset. Since nudity is an important factor in this movie, framing is an important aspect of camera work. There is no sense of tip in the framing, which means the framing is made so that the camera does not dwell on "private" body parts. This helps ease any sense of seer discomfort from being within the subject's 'personal space', and makes the movie more tasteful. Not an easy task, given the location for movie recording. Maslin Beach is neither a "skin girl" for post-pubescent, testosterone-charged men or a "Mills and Boon" novel for under-appreciated women. Maslin Beach doesn't seem to fit anywhere in the genre. The actors are not 'attractive' in the Baywatch mind, and are just 'normal' people you would see on the beach anywhere. It doesn't have a message to put across, and it wouldn't even act as a tourist ad, except perhaps for naturists. Apart from the Australian accent, the film could have been in a sunny country. What makes this movie clear Australian is that it is meaningless (cinema verite?), And only Australian cinema and other medium-sized national cinemas can consider such a rash option. At the same time, these medium-sized cinemas have room for experimentation in the search for identity, and a "flop" won't hurt their reputation too much. It is always possible, as Maslin Beach is now a collector's item that the film can become internationally popular, but it is very unlikely. In this criticism I have been very negative, at times, about Maslin Beach. This is not the right position as I found the movie very easy to see. I enjoyed it as a reflection of near reality and real people (and problems). The problems that are confronted with in the film are the daily, and a little low on acting. It does not hurt me, and I want more movies to treat everyday life like this. There is connection here with cinemas in Europe, and especially with French films. They rarely deal with major disasters or disasters, but with everyday life. Hollywood is in direct opposition to this and rides the top of the hyper-real action / drama / anxiety wave. The pace is much faster in Hollywood, but it's not real. Maslin Beach is also not 'Jacques Tati', but it is on the right track, although it ignores issues of multiculturalism, equality, gender orientation and so on, it is so important in the current cinema. I am sure you will either love or hate this movie, with little space for a space. <br /> <br />
