"The Muppets Take Manhattan" is different in many ways to any other Muppet Movie made so far. For that is the only Muppet movie not owned by Disney. From 2008, the film still belongs to 20th Century Fox (CBS Fox at the time of its release), although Disney owns the rights to Muppets. Also, this film has a story line that is very non-linear and events that are otherwise unpredictable. <br /> <br /> It is, of course, very difficult to beat the original "Muppet Movie" from 1979, especially since that movie had more memorable songs than "Manhattan" does. But one way in which "The Muppets Take Manhattan" is better than "The Muppet Movie" is perhaps the surprisingly realistic scenarios. In the first movie, all Muppets really have to go to Hollywood, go into an agent's office, and they immediately get a "Rich & Famous" contract. In this movie, Muppets learn that they should actually work for their desired success, and it is much harder to do so, especially in the entertainment industry than they originally thought. It is an important and often overlooked message, provided one is willing to suspend the disbelief that the Muppets, which are small and made of cloth, do not necessarily have to live in a spacious place or even eat respectively. Above all, their struggle to make it after the graduation college creates a very good story. Another note: The celebrities came in the movie was cool, and they surprisingly failed to take the foot of the Muppets away. The ability there is is a testament to Henson, and how appealing the Muppet characters were even adults. <br /> <br /> Where "Manhattan" falls flat and here I am sure people will disagree with me is with some of the key songs, especially in the end. I thought the wedding song "He'll make me happy" was too grim for such a good occasion as a wedding. It sounded more like a song played at a funeral. Every time I look at this movie, I hear the song that belongs to me unusually depressed, especially when the movie starts at such an optimal number as "Together Again" and ends happily for that matter. "Saying Goodbye" was also a boring number, but it fits better into the movie because the Muppets were dissolved and were not sure they should see each other again. The last song was such a disappointment, and maybe even added to the younger viewer's misery to see their favorite muppets leaving the big screen. <br /> <br /> "The Muppets Take Manhattan" is generally a good movie and one that is in line with another drum than the other Muppet movies, including the recent ones made after the death of Jim Henson and Richard Hunt. Fortunately, the film also marches in the same direction. I just wanted the movie to end up with a better song that wasn't quite so melancholy. Plus, Disney should have got his hands on this movie's copyright and given it a proper DVD release. Maybe it will one day. We will see.
