This was the third Muppet movie, and the last Jim Henson contributed to the pre-death presentation in 1990. The first three films with the famous characters were all made and released in theaters before I became born. I originally saw the first and second installments of the original trilogy, "The Muppet Movie" and "The Great Muppet Caper" around the mid-nineties as a child, but did not see this third, "The Muppets Take Manhattan", until April 2007. This was shortly after I had seen its two predecessors and 1996's "Muppet Treasure Island" for the first time in many years. This third Muppet movie did not disappoint me the first time I saw it, and my second view almost three years later may not have impressed me so much, but if not, it probably didn't go too far downhill. <Br /> <br /> Muppet's stage music, "Manhattan Melodies", turns out to be a big hit on their college campus. They graduated from college so they will soon leave, but decide they will all stay together and go to Manhattan to try to get their show on Broadway. After their arrival, they begin to search for a manufacturer, but after many refusals, they finally decide to attend and find jobs. Most of them leave the city, but Kermit remains and is still determined to find the right producer and reunite the Muppet band. He gets a job at a restaurant in New York, owned by a man named Pete. The frog is quickly friendly with Pete's daughter, Jenny, a hopeful fashion designer who is currently working at her father's restaurant as a waitress. As Kermit continues his efforts to reach stardom, using Jenny, he does not know that Miss Piggy has secretly stayed in New York and is now spying on him. She starts to see Kermit and Jenny together, and for her it looks like they are coming close, leading to jealousy! <br /> <br /> When I watched this movie for the second time, it looked rather disappointing. It seemed a little hasty, unfocused, and maybe even forgettable at first. There are some fun pieces under this part of the movie, such as animals that chase a woman through the audience at the university campus, but for a while the movie seemed to be upset with her two predecessors. Fortunately, it wasn't long before it changed. The movie is entertaining for the most part, with "Saying Goodbye", the exciting song that Muppets sing as they share and much that happens after that. The two funniest parts can be Miss Piggy's tantrums after she sees Kermit and Jenny hugging, but there were certainly many other times when I laughed as poor Fozzie tries to sleep with other bears. Muppets still have their charm and comic antics, which, of course, also help carry the movie mostly, just like the plot, a simple but exciting for all ages. There are some weaker moments, such as. The Muppet babies sequence, and Juliana Donald's performance as Jenny are lacking, but none of these issues are too significant and far from enough to ruin the whole experience. <br /> <br /> I want to say "The Muppet Movie", the movie that started the franchise in 1979 is the best of the original trilogy, and it seems to be the most popular opinion. This third movie is probably the weakest of the three, but everyone is good. Unlike the "Muppets From Space", the third of the theater films in the franchise made after Henson's sad passage, at least "The Muppets Take Manhattan" is still Muppets! I will not go into details of what I think of the Muppets' 1999 film, released twenty years after their first, as I have already explained in my review of why I found it so disappointing and even though it has some appeal , I'm clearly not alone. However, every theater movie with the lovable Muppets made during Henson's life is good entertainment for the whole family, although the second and third episodes each showed a slight drop in quality after the one immediately preceded it.
