This movie is not a kung fu movie. This is a comedy about kung fu. And if Sammo Hung hadn't spent any time watching movies by the great French comic filmmaker Jaques Tati (eg Jour de Fête), he is definitely on the same wavelength. <br /> <br /> Personally, I think Tati's movies are fun; but they are not to every taste. Some have told me that they loathe their work. I've never figured out why, but I think it's because the character that Tati usually plays himself is so completely dead pan, so unaffected by the events around him (which he usually causes) that many miss the more subtle comics happening around him. <br /> <br /> In any case, Tati's main shtick - or at least his best-known - is taking a pretentious sincere petit bourgeoisie with 19th-century sensibilities and releasing him into the 20th century France, where he must confront a society it is largely bounded by the gradual eradication of these feelings. He usually has serious difficulties with small things like record players or radios. He is a danger in a car, but the world is not safer when he bikes. But through it all, he never loses his aplomb, which is derived from his inner recognition that the nineteenth century was more interesting than the 20th overall. <br /> <br /> Similarly, the character that Sammo Hung himself plays, a country boy comes to the big city of Hong Kong, convinced that what makes the city interesting is that Bruce Lee made Kung Fu movies there . This causes him to faint in small ways when he breaks, which would never be noticed in a small town, but considered inappropriate in a big city - like the moment he seems to be urinating on the street, a policeman stops him, only to discover that Hung actually just squeezes water out of his shirt, soaked during an accidental dip in the bay. What is interesting about this gag is why it is Hung, do not understand what the chief is about - in a village, as long as no one sees, if you have to go, go. In other words, Hung really does not escape the street - but he would certainly - and what is the problem officer? Of course, Hung's obsession with Bruce Lee also gets him in big trouble. He beats a gang of bullies who have refused to pay his restaurant-owner uncle. Of course, in a Bruce Lee movie, thugs would be considered trounced and they would have learned their lesson. But in Hung's Hong Kong, reality is unfortunately the case, and the bulls return when he is not out to trounce his uncle. <br /> <br /> Of course, Hung finally ends, just as Tati always did. Signs like this must always prevail (at least in comedy) because they are completely innocent, and as such, despite their comic book errors and misunderstandings, they really represent the best in the people we admire and want to be. We will not really be Bruce Lee (who must experience the loss of all his friends before he gets the chance to beat the bad guy), we will in our own innocence really have a world where Lee's heroines are possible. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, this world only exists on film. "Ah, but what if ...?" - And on that question, we find Sammo Hung on his comic book best.
