Sometimes realism can work against the effectiveness of a movie. It's not a problem here. The seats are cheesy, inside and out. The fog is ubiquitous, half disguised by the production scab. If there is a bar, the name painted on the front window is called "Wine and spirits". The result is a claustrophobic set of scenes. Not a single shot of a city or even a fake skyline. It's the kind of Dublin this story is about, just as Jack the Ripper's movie is about seedy, foggy, cobblestoned Whitechapel. Who wants it any other way? How could it have been any other way with no bankable stars, a small budget, and a four-week shooting plan? The play follows suit - scary hammy on everyone's side. Sometimes, my God, it's positively scary. Mrs. McPhillips groans after Frankie's shot dead outside the house. However, Victor McLaglin delivers exactly the right kind of excessive performance. Wardrobe has filled him into a too-small jacket, so he seems to be jumping out of it as Frankenstein's monster. His every move seems to go a little further than it was supposed to. When he beats his cap, he bends himself to the temple. A big, throbbing, blubbering baby, he seems constantly full. He betrays his best friend for the reward money that will take him and his wild girl to America, not a good guy in the ordinary sense. Yet we win as he begins to spend 20 pounds, more and more of it during a wild, alcoholic night, for every expensive and grandiose gesture takes him further from his dream. I wouldn't argue for that, but I can understand why he won an Oscar. <br /> <br /> As for the Max Steiner score, wow. Each movement that is already exaggerated is not only emphasized by the Mickey Mouse music, but is highlighted in glossy yellow. It should not have happened - the heavenly choirs, the welcoming young charms, the minstrel boy, gurgling the melody while McLaglen is drinking from the bottle. It would have been better without any score. <br /> <br /> What is it all about? Dated - by any measure, but not a product of its times. That's why I admire it. Yes, the symbolism is clumsy at times. McLaglen, a real dummy, bumped his head against a hanging sign. The fog. The blind man. But what impresses me is how little of this was tried at that time. What we see as artificial today is in 1936 something completely different from what was seen in most programmers who were knocked out at that time. If it turns out to be short at times, it doesn't matter. The film was an act of courage, both political and moral as well as poetic. (Legion of decency condemned it because of a scene in a brothel.) A director's goal should exceed his understanding or what is a script for? But in 2006, the story is more disturbing than ever. John Ford obviously sympathized with the Irish rebels. They kill, but only out of what they see as necessity. ("He knows too much to live. What if he goes to the present? Oh, it's not myself, I think, but all of us, of Ireland itself.") The Irish are sentimentalized and sympathetic. I wonder if the jihadists in the Middle East are not using a similar logic to justify their acts of violence.
