In the mid-1930s, Hollywood regained its confidence following the difficulties of the talkie transition. Although all the technical issues with the sound had been resolved very quickly, it took longer to solve the questions about how the images should look, how they should be structured and how they should be traded. The informant is a key image, showing the extent to which the wordless moments can convey history and assert the power images without ignoring the necessity of sound and dialogue. This is not to say that Informer is really a return to the golden days of the seals. Firstly, many silent images were not so visual in their narrative and were overloaded with title cards. But what Informer has is self-confidence to extend moments between dialogues, to focus on responses more than talk and to let plays play for atmosphere. Director John Ford, for all his abilities, was a filmmaker who seems to have put into work as to how interested he was in the material. If he thought a story was stupid, he just made it half arsed. Fortunately, with her depiction of fellowship, honor, working class life and most importantly Irish surroundings, Informer was all loved by Ford, and the result is one of his finest works. In it, Ford has only employment for many kinds of shots. The first is of places ?? Dublin streets hailed in fog and darkness so their longest depths cannot be seen; dingy interior where walls and ceilings seem to push us in. The other is of faces hitting close-ups against ordinary background, usually without dialogue, and focusing on the inner conflicts of these people. <br /> <br /> The lead man Victor McLaglen fits in perfectly with this character and this way of filming Hi M. McLaglen's performance does not seem like much, as it is about 90% drunk. But the other 10% are warmly welcomed, as here and there his Gypo Nolan has what alcoholics refer to as a moment of clarity. With such performances, Oscars are won. McLaglen is supported by a spot-on support cast, among whom there are no weak links. In particular, it is nice to have Donald Meek and Una O'Connor, who are usually only seen in comic reliefs, playing equally dramatic parts for once (although Meek's appearance contains one or two jokes, the tone of the tone and much of his way is serious). Not only do these two incredibly deep performances, their knowledge of most viewers as comedy players, raises awareness of their turn in this tragedy. <br /> <br /> RKO, who produced Informer, was perhaps the most adventurous and willing to take risks in all major studies. Thanks to this, we are able to see a gloomy story with a despicable anti-hero in the center, which could easily have been a lumpy, overrated mess, instead filled with a moody atmosphere and depth of character that keeps us in mind and draws us into his world.
