**** SPOILERS **** Powerhouse movies showing how men in desperate situations can go as far as sacrificing their best friends and family members and not realizing what monsters they are doing. Until this is the case with the bullfire Gypo Noland, Victor Mclaglen, it's too late. It is 1922 and the height of Black & Tan Ireland's rebellion against the mighty British empire with today's British occupation troops, looking for the wanted Irish Republican rebellion Frankie McPhillip, Wallace Ford, wanted to kill a briish soldier. Gypo a good, really the best, friend of the fleeting McPhillip is down on his luck and has no work with his girlfriend Katie, Margot Grahame, forced to turn tricks into the Dublin Red Light District to pay her rent. /> <br /> After a widespread Gypo worked over a potential John who wants to spend some hours with Katie, for a shilling or two, an angry Katie tells the not so bright Gyro that he prevents her from supporting her. the only bankable asset she has, her body. Katie also tells Gypo that he must wake up to reality and realize what a desperate situation she is in. Tell about the insane Gypo that it would only cost 10 pounds for her to come to America and get out of Ireland's poverty , Gypo suddenly remembers a poster by his good friend Frankie McPhillip that he also announced a 20-pound reward. There is enough money for both him and Kaite to travel to America. <br /> <br /> Gypo, going to a local Dublin flopus and the soup kitchen to get a free meal, is surprised to run into his friend Frankie McPhillip. Frankie tells him that he sneaked into Dublin to see both his mother, Mrs McPhillip and sister Mary, Una O'Connor & Heather Angel, and if he can make sure everything is safe for him to go home and later leave his Irish Republican unit outside the city. <br /> <br /> All Gypo can see in Frankie's face is the 20 pound reward for him to be turned into police! Without much of a different mindset, after assuring Frankie that everything is okay, Gypo secretly goes to the police and informs about his friend, who was later shot and killed in a police and a Tan shootout in his maternal house. <br /> <With that deed, the chief has attacked 20 pounds, like thirty silver types, into an almost numb Gypo who takes it and slips out of the police station's back door so that one can see him. You can see in the police chief's face and actions that he has only contempt for Gypo's betrayal of his friend Frankie McPhillip. Although he was the desire for murder and an enemy of the British Empire. It is the case that making traitors or informants are even kept by those whom they secretly work for. <br /> <br /> Gypo turns out to be his own worst enemy after his betrayal of Frankie, as his conscience takes control of his mind. Gypo sees and hears everyone, including his unsuspecting girlfriend Katie, pointing a finger and involving him in Frankie's betrayal and death in the hands of the British authorities. Gypo's guilty mind has caused him to become royal and brilliant drunk on the reward money that at that time he was forced to admit his crime to his Irish Republican colleges who had almost died and beat Gypo to court, was the money just as it is gone in his festive drinking and mocking. Whatever good feelings, if possible, what you had for the weak-minded and strong-shouldered Gypo was completely demolished when you were in a total desperation action to be able to stay away from being shot, he includes fake an innocent man Mulligan, Donald Meek, in his crime informing his friend Frankie McPhillip. It is quickly exposed as a total representation of none other than the guilt-ridden Gypo himself. The dye is then thrown as dragons are drawn to who will be the one who puts a sphere in Gypo's head to the last gut-compensating chapter in this heart-cutting and unforgettable Crime & Punishment classic.
