Once again, early morning television shows an invaluable resource for movies that I would never otherwise have been able to trace. At four in the morning, I stumbled out of bed to begin recording 'The Informer (1935)', my fourth film from the naughty American director John Ford, and an excellent one on it. Seen during the Irish Civil War in 1922, the manuscript was adapted by Dudley Nichols from the novel of the same name by Liam O'Flaherty. Although born in the United States and most famous for his "Americana" pictures, both were Ford's parents Irish, explaining the director's decision to lead the film. Victor McLaglen plays Gypo Nolan, a brutish but well-meaning ruffian who informs about an old friend Frankie McPhillip (Wallace Ford) to claim $ 20 reward for his girlfriend, Katie (Margot Grahame). When Frankie is killed during his attempt to arrest, the Irish Republican army, of which both Frankie and Gypo were members, began to investigate the traitor behind the incident, every link in bringing them closer and closer to the real sinner. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, Gypo is plagued by the guilty of his friend's incredible death and falls into a heavy-drink battle that tears Don Birnam in 'The Lost Weekend (1945)' in his exaggeration. When Gypo drowns his sorrows in abundant amounts of alcohol caught in a vicious circle of depression, his extravagant consumption takes the attention of the investigating IRA members. For once in his life, Gypo finds himself surrounded by admirers (including an entertaining J.M. Kerrigan) who enthusiastically patters him on the back and dies him "King Gypo" for his physical power. However, it is obvious that these people do not feel love for the man, and are simple to show him attention to exploit him for money. The extra £ 20 brought by Frankie's death could never buy Gypo a collection of friends ?? Yes, in a bitterly ironic twist, the money was only made possible by fraud and loss of one of his only good companions. A relatively simple guy, Gypo might not be able to fully consider the consequences of his actions and eventually was offered forgiveness because of his "not knowing what he did", but his folly must not go unpunished. <br /> <br /> The criticism is occasionally leveled at Ford's movie for its allegedly propagandist support from a "terrorist" organization. Although this attitude obviously depends on one's personal perceptions (I certainly do not know enough Irish history to comment), there is no doubt that the film depicts the Irish Republican army as selfless, dedicated and impartial, a proud piece of Irish patriotism if I ever saw it. But the main theme of history is the betrayal; Driven by intense poverty, an ordinary man confuses the trust of his good friend and deeply regrets his actions. The plagued Gypo is played mainly for pity, and Victor McLaglen provides a powerful achievement that exacerbates a lifetime of unsatisfactory existence, culminating in a horrible decision that condemns him to an uneasy death. 'The Informer' was John Ford's first major Oscar success and won a total of four awards (from six nominations), including Best Actor for McLaglen {who spoke the statue from the three-way favorite of 'Mutiny on the Bounty' (1935)}, Best Director and Best Screenplay for Dudley Nichols {who rejected the prize due to Union disagreements}.
