John Ford is one of the most influential and best-remembered American filmmakers in the film's history, his name usually associated with the Western movie genre. However, John Ford's incredibly best movie is not a Western at all, but an insidious drama in the Irish struggle for independence in the early 1920s: The Informer in 1935. Times are tough on many in Ireland and burnt out Gypo Nolan is trapped in a web of poverty and desperation - and the walls are closing in. Gypo is big, but he is not the brightest bulb on the tree, has a warm heart but a short fuse and never seems to think right things all the way through, but he is not a criminal or self-centered pig. On the street starving outside where to live, Gypo Nolan, the killer, finds the primary lady of his life, Katie Madden, on the streets who are asking for themselves because of their own desperate situation and are beginning to dream of taking her to the United States if he only had 20 pounds to pay for it. As luck would have it, his friend Frankie is back in town with a £ 20 price over his head and Gypo is desperate enough to inform the police about Frankie's whereabouts. Gypo, with the new 20 pounds of blood money earned, finds this foggy night especially deeper because guilt swells over him, and the IRA invests all their resources to find Frankie's informant. <br /> <br /> Victor McLaglen depicts the fallen Gypo Nolan and definitely deserved the best actress Oscar he was awarded for this movie. His brutal, stupid and tender turns give the character dimension, and McLaglen is the only one to Dudley Moore's character Arthur Bach of the 1981 film Arthur as the most entertaining cinematic drunk. Margot Graham's performance as Katie Madden is also excellent, but she and McLaglen are the only cast members who truly impress. Preston Foster is especially miscast as an IRA head, mainly because of course he is not Irish, and JM Kerrigan borders on annoying throughout his role in the movie, but this disappointing support cast is the film's only bad point. <br /> <br /> Often overshadowed by some of Ford's better-known westerns such as The Searchers or The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance, Inform is easily one of John Ford's best movies - if not his very best. At the beginning of what would be a long career for Oscar nominations and victories for John Ford, The Informer won four Oscars, including one for him the best director in 1936. Ford and the company's use of shadows and lights in the film are particularly engaging and essential for telling story. Gypo's walk through the streets is told by the grim state of the city and the gigantic allegations of the street lamps, and each shadow is constantly reminiscent of his dark deed. Ford's command of this technique was great to see; If The Informer was made 10 years later (thus creating the genre requirements), it will probably be considered one of the best movies of all time, but it does not prevent it from being remembered as an excellent classic movie.
