Perhaps this is because I looked at the history of the Irish problems in the 1920s and then the sad civil war that struck the state after signing the treaty before watching this movie. Anyway, the sudden turn in the end brought tears to my eyes. <br /> <br /> Victor McLaglen is not as famous today as he was back then and he should be remembered better. In this movie I think he plays himself as he would have been without his innate talent and brains. For example, the scenarios where his buddy in the crowd is challenging the men to fight with him are probably reminiscent of what McLaglen did in previous years when he was a world-class baroque boxer. John Ford is partly responsible for it; The IMDb trivia section shows how he tricked McLaglen into getting a really bad hangover to try the scene. This director could also put a lot of into his actors, even without such tricks. But for the most part, McLaglen is in complete control, especially when his character is almost completely blotted (which is hard for an actor to make credible), and he also plays Gypo Nolan with a depth and emotional power that is surprising to a person who only saw McLaglen later in his career, in "The Quiet Man." I particularly like the contrast between this role as an IRA man and the much more obviously controlled performance he gave as an IRA man Denis Hogan in "Hangman's House". <br /> <br /> In "The Quiet Man", McLaglen is, of course, an international unlike the local IRA. Victor McLaglen was great and bullied in the old-fashioned sense of the word, but he was also a good actor and capable of wide range and fine shades of performance that we just wouldn't expect from such a man today. It is a rather sad commentary on our own set of expectations and prejudices. Ford, as usual, packs a lot into a little movie. All the characters are excellent (although the Commander's most American accent is distracting) - NOTE: There are spoilers in front! - Knowing that Gypo once pulled the short straw and was ordered to kill a man, but let him talk his way out of it instead, we really empathize with the man pulling the short straw to perform Gypo, and humanity shows him most especially when they go to take Gypo in Maria's room. <br /> <br /> John Ford really shows his genius here and takes what could have been a cruel yet expected outcome to the whole story and instead use it to create a totally unexpected yet very satisfying end us to think not only of Gypo and the other characters, but of poor Ireland in the tortured time.
