Victor McLaglen, the title character of John Ford's THE INFORMS, reminded me of circus man from Fellini's LA STRADA. Anthony Quinn played the brutal man who might even have been influenced by the mummy-filtered Oscar-winning performance given by McLaglen. Poverty Dublin is the true atmospheric setting of the image, which takes place in 1922. Thick fog and a long, moist night are the key elements of a story of deep Irish patriotism and the Irish Republican army battle. The individuality conflict and cause is what makes THE INFORMER tick. McLaglen's great, simple character just goes to America and we are reminded of signs of the price of a ticket often. Two different characters become the psychological centerpiece of the drunk Irish. One is the previous one, the other a desired character. Should he do that and get the money going? <br /> <br /> John Ford once famously said, "I'm Ford. I'm doing Western." After watching this movie he could of course do a whole lot more. The serious social issues discussed here are heartfelt and those you will find yourself thinking about. And the look of the piece is fantastic, consisting of long dark shadows that cut into a miserable Ireland evening. Ford was always known for his luminescent, beautiful filmography, which helped predict the conflicts within his characters. This is weak in color, but he did it in pictures like THE SEARCHERS, who paints John Wayne in a sometimes vicious way. Victor McLaglen's performance not only enjoys the lighting but of his simple action. He shoves a lot. He paves people out. He is a brutal one who knows nothing better. However, he should know if he or she should not cross the IRA. <br /> <br /> See the movie to find out the gritty details. See it also for McLaglen and Ford's patriotic portrayal of the IRA. The Max Steiner score is innovative in how it matches the movements of the characters, placing more emphasis on them. This was usually only seen in quiet movies, especially Chaplin. Of course, the name of naming or "informing" is still important. Just look at how the media covered this year's Oscars, where great emphasis was placed on the Elia Kazan scandal.
