I remember seeing this late at night on black and white television, long before a live action version was as much as a glimpse into Peter Jackson's eye ... and very impressed. Finally, I get my hands this week on a VHS copy that was thrown away (and it's not that much for the course ..?) I had the chance to watch this movie again and found out that it still stands up quite Well, even though it is not quite the success that memory had painted. <br /> <br /> I must confess a certain bias here. Some reviewers announce as affirmative Jackson lovers, others like Jackson Hateers; I'm also not exactly. I was a supporter of the BBC Radio adaptation of Brian Sibley, originally released in 1981, and immediately recognized Gollum's voice here - Peter Woodthorpe would resume this performance almost note perfectly to the radio three years later. <br /> <br /> I have to say, however, that where I found Jackson's movie an increasingly indignant disappointment, the Bakshi version is, for everything it has been cut to the bone, more accurate. Yes, there are the usual, understandable changes (here it is Legolas rather than Arwen, which is replaced by Glorfindel as the Elven sent from Rivendell to meet the party) and there is a great deal of telescoping of the action. (The only exception to the latter, as others have noted, is the strangely extended order of the condemnation of Rivendell, where the ringwrites have demonstrated a chilling ability to freeze and drag Frodo into mid-flight - as they re-implement when he counts them after crossing the river - so for some inexplicable reason it simply goes after him in a prolonged straight gallop, which is initially nightmare but meaningless, plot-wise and certainly goes too long.) I would also agree with that Balrog is unsatisfactory is partly due to poor animation and that Gandalf wind turbines are too much for his arms. <br /> <br /> But having seen both approaches to the movie, I feel more than ever that the animated route is the one to take. In a story that is half-myth (oddly enough, one thing that is included, an excerpt of the Aragorn's story of Beren and Luthia) is the extreme literalism required by live action films, where everything from monsters to mail shirts must be created in details to appear on the camera are counterproductive: Latex-faced (or CGI) monsters are less outrageous than sketchily-drawn shapes. Heroic costumes seem to be rather stupidly worn on real bodies and hobbits or dwarfs with non-human body proportions are easy to animate but hard to film convincingly. Many reviewers have quoted the sniffing Ringwraith in the woods with its crippled half-human movements as one of the most frightening moments in the movie - it certainly dreaded me stupidly when I first saw it in the dark alone! br /> <br /> The extreme stylization of the introduction (plus a voice-over made with great skill and economy to sum up the background in a few sentences) seems very good to portray an almost mythical era and the change to Shire's comic book rusticism - I especially like Proudfeet - corresponds effectively to the corresponding change in tone in Tolkien's prose. I felt there were some missing opportunities where the potential for animation could have been used to great effect: Gandalf threatens Bilbo with its true power in the opening scene, Bilbo seems to be a Gollum-like creature under the influence of Ring-lust at Rivendell and Galadriel's famous temptation was all pulled more or less straight, where it would have been trivial to distort the scene to reflect the changing perceptions of the hobbits. But in general, the changes in detail and palette - firelight shades of Bree, bright colors that reappear at Rivendell and in Fangorn's clearing, dirty pigs and browns to Moria and the deserted lands - work well to reflect the mood of the various moods episodes, where a live action approach simply does not allow you to blur the background or sketch in a stylized setting. <br /> <br /> As a fan, I didn't care about either Jackson's or Bakshi's portrayal of the Lothloria ... ... again, I feel that the radio listening was the best thing I've faced in a beautiful, somewhat eerie forest paradise caught out by the time - and I feel that Bakshi made the river sang at this time pretty much wrong, but I do as the little montage at this time shows the various members of the company relaxing after their travails in moria. The Aragorn gives a hobbit fence lesson here is so charming (and just as unsynchronous) a play that Boromir engages with hobbits in Hollin in the Jackson version. <br /> <br /> The exhibition of the Aragorn as compelling weather ranger is good throughout this movie (Viggo Mortensen's scruffy Jesus look didn't really work for me), although it would have been interesting to see how they planned to " clean up the "character in the second half for Gondor's benefit. John Hurt, surprisingly, gives a sterling vocal performance, like a resonant William Squire in Gandalf's part. The hobbits are likely to reflect the modern youth as audience identification figures: I find the animated style (their proportions are much more 'cartoonish' than human characters) work well to differentiate them, and the whole 'hairy foot stuff drawn here comes on across so much more plausible than in more literal images, including much fan art. Personally, I have less objections to Boromir as Viking - he was always a pretty bludgeoning type - than to beard-Aragorn (illogical: they were both speeches after all), although I am clearly in a minority here! <br /> <br /> The big mistake in this picture is always the fact that it was an unfinished project, with a bizarre tacked-on voice-over ending trying to resolve cases. A shame; it would have been interesting, not to mention less frustrating to see what Bakshi planned to do Shelob and Minas Tirith, never remember the dead ...
