With the release of Peter Jackson's famous trilogy Lord of the Rings, it is even easier to dismiss Ralph Bakshi's 1978 animated Lord of the Rings movie. I agree with the majority that Jackson's trilogy is the major film adaptation of Tolkien's work, but it does not prevent me from enjoying Bakshi's ambitious groundbreaking efforts. Jackson has admitted that he has at least received inspiration from watching Bakshi's films, and there are some clear similarities between their adaptations. The movie's colorful picturesque backgrounds are excellent and the score is memorable. I was mostly satisfied with the drawings of the characters. The pairs Pippin and Merry and Eowyn and Galadriel are most visible from each other visually, Balrog and Treebeard were unimpressive, but these points did not disturb me much. However, Nazgul is suitably drawn and made sufficiently scary. The only sign representation I was bothered by was Sam's; He was made to look incredibly stupid. <br /> <br /> This movie is novel for its animation techniques. In addition to hand-drawn figures, live actors enter the animation through rotoscoping. It is clear which characters are hand-drawn and which are rotoscoped, but nevertheless I found out that the film's style was a novelty. The use of roto-purchased live actors for the battle scenes was a good decision and helped these scenes to prove good. <br /> <br /> The voice action was generally of high quality. Particularly good was John Hurt, who gave an authoritative voice to Aragorn. Aragorn is not my favorite character from the stories, but supported by John Hurt's voice he was my favorite character in this adaptation. My other favorite was William Squire, whose voice is appropriately strong for Gandalf. The only actor who seemed to be inappropriate was Michael Scholes as Sam, whose voice was annoying and added to Sam's unfortunately stupid image. The only other annoying part of the voting is mispronunciation of characters and place names. Particularly strange was the decision to often have Saruman referred to as "Aruman". <br /> <br /> In the production of this film, Ralph Bakshi expected to produce two films. Therefore, this film contains about half of the story, from the beginning of "The Ring of Fellowship" to the end of the battle at Helm's Deep in "The Two Towers". The obvious implication of this is that the film's story is a very condensed version of the story from the books. I enjoy the original stories and more thorough adjustments, but the freedoms taken to compress the story did not disturb me, even the choice to leave Arwen out of history. Enough of the key elements of the story were in this movie to keep me engaged in the duration, and there was even a news of being able to breeze through half of the Lord of the Ring's story in 132 minutes. The fighting scenes were impressive, and especially the Orc March and Battle that Helm's Deep were huge. <br /> <br /> Ralph Bakshi's version of "The Lord of the Rings" is not perfect and undoubtedly a series of Lord of the Rings readers lament the cuts to history. But for me, the disadvantages of this movie were less compared to the excitement of seeing an effective fit of half a large trilogy. My only strong regret is that I cannot see the second part of this "first great tale" of the Lord of the Rings, as Bakshi did not get the budget to create a successor.
