I love this movie and it worries me that so many "reviewers" rank it under the Peter Jackson trilogy. A filmed novel is always interpretive; Especially an animated film is dependent on the artist's vision and should be judged on his own terms. Speaking as a purist, this is a finer tribute to Tolkien than the updated version. While this movie has its flaws, it remains more threatening to the source, especially as far as the characters are concerned. <br /> <br /> In the Jackson version, Tolkien's Frodo is hardly recognizable: from the first scenes he is portrayed as a weak, constantly awakening, manipulated by forces around him and never standing on his own two feet (this is physical and metaphorically true.) You wonder why fate chose this light biscuit to carry one ring for Doomspring. Conversely, Jackson rewrites Tolkien and robs Frodo of his finest moment when he gives Arwen the opportunity to save him from Ringwraith's ... Bakshi's version respects the original and presents a Frodo who demands the wraiths "Go back and avoid me more!" Bakshi maintains Frodo's character as Tolkien devised it. We see his decline as the weight of his burden rises. Frodo is so crucial to the Lord of the Rings, you wonder why Jackson took such freedoms (he does so with many signs), as character development drives the plot to its inevitable conclusion. Bakshi's film explores better the company between Legolas and Gimli in some sensible scenes that are completely lacking in Jackson's version. Similarly, we see Boromir horsing with Pippin and Merry, who promote the idea of ​​community. The camaraderie is in my opinion more developed in the animated version than the living action. <br /> <br /> Tolkien's poetry is an important ingredient in the novels, and Bakshi pays homage to this in one of my favorite scenes: when Frodo sings the "Merry Old Inn" song, minutes before stumbling into Strider. The terrible melody is chillingly equated with the darker theme music, when seconds later, invisible to his friends, but visible to the wraiths, Frodo is dangerously exposed. This is one of the most atmospheric parts of the movie and it cools me when I see it. <br /> <br /> The well-documented budget / time constraints limit the final impact of the movie, but if it has been completed, it may have been the subject of more viewers. As it is worth seeing. Even its critics admit that Peter Jackson derived much of his inspiration from this prototype.
