Godard once said that a way of criticizing a movie is to do one, and probably the strongest form that could be made about Ralph Bakshi's recording on Tolkien's magnum opus Lord of the Rings is actually made by Peter Jackson. The recent trilogy is not even a complete masterpiece for me, but they get enough space with each book to breathe in all the postmodern techniques crossed with classical storytelling to make them very good, sweeping entertainments. <br /> <br /> But as one who hasn't read the books, I now end up looking at the two versions, live action (albeit partially animated in its great visual effects way) and animated (albeit partially done with actually live action as the frame) in relation to just the basic story, not even complete fidelity to the books. And with Bakshi's version, it's almost not fair in a way, as what we see is really not the complete vision, not what Jackson really had (probably finally cut). Robbed of Return of King's great climactic history, and with the other two parts being hasty, I ended up suffering more from what it did within its limits, but as such, the same limitations make it disappointing. <br /> <br /> What's also interesting after seeing the Jackson movies first - which I also regret being that I might have reacted differently when I was younger and five years ago - is that the basic elements of history are never spoiled. Everything that is really necessary to tell the community of communion is in fact virtually intact, and if anything that was probably even more gigantic and epic in Tolkien's book, clarity has been given in this section. The actors playing hobbits and the other heroes are more or less appropriate for the parts, with a few parts standing out (John Hurt as Aragorn and William Squire as Gandalf). <br /> <br /> The lack of extra characterization ends with making things a small facial value for those who have not even seen the other movies or read the books and cannot put them in context. But there is some interest, always with the characters, and here there is a more old-fashioned sensibility in the middle of the great aura of what is more. This is not a garden resort of Disney adaptation warts, and all this is a Bakshi movie with its underground animation roots that collide with the mythical world of the Middle Earth. <br /> <br /> And what Bakshi and his animation team bring to the movie is one that ends up giving what is on the screen in all its abbreviated form, its hit or miss appeal. Along with not being completely complete as a movie or as stories, the form of the movie is an experiment to see if anything can be completely rotoscoped. The results result in bringing what now seems to be retro, but at the time, of course, something was a rough, crazy inspiration from the filmmakers. Could it have been better with more traditional drawn animation? In some parts, yes; It will be a little remarkable, as was the case with Bakshi's American pop, that the protagonists move in such a way that is a little shaken, like a kind of cartoon form done in another way. Still, there is much I admired in what was done. <br /> <br /> For example, the orcs showed me to be truly amazing in the surrealistic environment. They are perhaps the best part of the animation combination on top of live action, especially in parts where there are no shooting scenes (it's really the real hit-or-miss section, as there is no continuity from the good and bad rotoscoping), and chiaroscuro comes through with large shapes on horseback. It's scary in a good way. And backgrounds, while also very rough and sometimes outlined, are beautiful with blends and blasts of colors together. It is almost something for art movie birds as much as for the ring meetings. So, how would I recommend this animated excerpt to the Lord of the Rings? I do not know to tell the truth. It's definitely a good notch over the other Tolkien's animated movie I've seen, Hobbit (and I haven't yet seen the animated ROTK), and there are some real art forms going on. There is also some stylized dialogue, an overly-hasty Two Towers segment with the most exciting character Gollum reduced to perhaps two scenes at all. And to see something as fragmented as this only ends up enhancing the completeness of recent films. <br /> <br /> If you're a fan of the books considering checking this out, I'd say it's a chance, even though it's one of the chances you look for forty minutes and then Decide to stop it or not. As for what suits Bakhi's other films, I have seen it an impressive, ambitious and mocking performance, as with Lynch's Dune, it is necessary to draw a dark murderous line in the sand between those who hate it passionately and those that doesn't. I don't.
