As an animated film from 1978, it's pretty good - generally well above standard for the days when Disney had done nothing good this year (and Tolkien cared a little about Disney anyway). It becomes important points for innovative and meticulous camera work using relative success film techniques. The very malignant rotoscoping actually works pretty well, especially with Ringwraiths and the opening story. But it's so drastically overused - possibly as a money-saving technique - that it detracts from the overall effect. The same technique that makes wraiths spooky and otherworldly does not go as well in Prancing Pony. <br /> <br /> Regarding the adaptation of history, it's actually pretty good. We lose little bits here and there, minor details like the old forest and Tom Bombadil, Gaffer and Sackville Bagginses. We compress a few characters, such as To revise Legolas as one of Elrond's households and an old friend of the Aragorns, but it is quite a wise decision on film. In books, you have room to include references to the greater world of the elves and the vast history of Middle Earth. In movies, you are acting for visuals and sounds that convey the same elements in a different way. Nothing critical is really lost here, and although I have less quibbles on some of the changes, I'm generally quite happy with it. <br /> <br /> If only the dratted writers had managed to remember Saruman's name - he is often referred to as Aruman, a decision probably made to separate him from the same name is Sauron; It took me another view before I was sure I hadn't misheard it. It's also annoying that Boromir is a bloody scene viking, and irritable from the start. Gandalf, however, is excellent and most of the voice is excellent. If only John Hurt was not too old to play Aragorn; I love his voice. <br /> <br /> Of course, with the movie ending in the middle of history, there is a huge disappointment built into it. What makes it far, far worse is the completely miserable job performed by Rankin & Bass's crew on the sequel. That they were allowed to make the King's return after slaughtering Hobbit is a great mystery; they seem more interested in bad songs than in the correct story. For all its faults, this film's heart is firmly in place and it is trying very hard to achieve an almost impossible task. I can only hope that the upcoming series of films will just as true to its vision ...
