More than twenty years before Peter Jackson's visionary adaptation of The Lord of the Rings, there was this animated effort of 1978 by director Ralph Bakshi. An ambitious and relatively faithful version of the story, this has unfortunately been slightly overshadowed by the Jackson trilogy. In fact, many reviewers here on IMDb (first and foremost those who saw the newer version first) seem to be very unsuitable for this version .... but if you use a less common sense and take into account the time when it became Made and the technical possibilities that existed at that time, they will realize that this is a pretty good movie. In fact, shortly after seeing this animated film back in the early 80's, I was seeking Tolkien's book and immediately became a lifelong fan of these richly detailed Middle Earth adventures. So in some respects I owe this film a degree of recognition as the film that shaped my literary taste forever. <br /> <br /> Sauron, the dark Lord of Middle Earth, forges an omnipotent ring that gives him incredible power. After a big battle where Sauron is defeated, the ring falls into possession of a king named Isildur. But instead of destroying it, he foolishly chooses to keep it. For centuries, the ring goes hand in hand, and eventually it comes with a hobbit called Frodo Baggins, who lives in a peace-keeping community known as The Shire. Frodo learns from a wizard named Gandalf that his ring is actually one ring, the same as falsified by Sauron all those centuries ago, and that its master is again searching for it to restore its dark power over the earth. Frodo embarks on a dangerous journey to protect the ring with three other hobbit comrades, but every step in the way they are chased by Sauron's ring-wraiths, Black Riders. There are many adventures where a company of nine adventurers is formed to lead the ring to the only place where it can be "unmade" ?? Mount Doom, in Mordor's land. The film concludes with Frodo and his best friend Sam on the borders of Mordor and still closes closer to their horrible destination. Meanwhile, Gandalf and the other members of a large army of orcs are fighting at Helm's Deep's legendary fortress. <br /> <br /> This version covers just over half of the original book. Another installment was scheduled to bring the story to an end, but was unfortunately never finished. While the ending feels abrupt, it at least ends at a reasonable point in history. One must feel a bit of frustration and regret that there is no successor in which we can follow these animated heroes to their ultimate goal. The animation is acceptable, with a nice selection of sites and characters presented in interesting details. The music of Leonard Rosenman is appropriate stirring and fits appropriately into the epic tale. Voice-overs are also decent, especially John Hurt as Aragorn and Peter Woodthorpe as Gollum. On the other hand, Michael Scholes - who gives the voice to Sam - campy and goofy - is not suitable for the character. The Lord of the Rings is a commendable attempt to visualize the dizzying book on which it is based.
