There is little doubt that HG Wells is the most influential author of the 20th century. Jules Verne has something claiming to be the father of science fiction, but his stories were more adventurous stories using amazing inventions as plot devices. Wells was deep and brought subtitles to his stories. Perhaps his greatest legacy is that there is very little if there are signs that people believed in life on other planets before the 20th century, where, as now many people, including Richard Dawkins, consider it some certainty. There is no sign of this of course, and one cannot wonder that it was Wells who introduced this to human thinking? It was undoubtedly Wells who planted the seed. <br /> <br /> SINGER TO COM was adapted by Wells himself from his own novel. However, it is quite obvious that he is not able to tell the difference between the technical aspects of writing novels and writing screenshots. Dialouge is often loaded, heavy and not convincing. One case in point is the two pilots from opposite sides discussing the nature of war "Why should we kill each other? Why?" This reflects the criticism, near key contempt, that Orwell had by Wells in his essay Wells, Hitler and World State and it is true that Well's anti-war message is painfully exaggerated. It would be impossible to believe in a conversation that took place between a RAF pilot and his opposite number in Luftwaffe a few years later. It said it is absolutely fascinating to see a 1935 film predicting a worldwide war that takes place in 1940 that celebrates the end of civilization. There is a striking and haunting imagery that a child tastes a drum like a phantom army marches in the background and the society's collapse and the fear of The Wanderng Sickness is wonderfully realized. Even the rather lazy tale of showing the year's attitude has a convincing character. It is the pictures that make this movie together with Arthur Bliss's score, which makes the movie so memorable. And to be fair Wells asks the question "The universe or nothing. What should it be?" In short, it is a movie whose error is easy to forgive
