Things to come are a historical movie. Together with Metropolis (1927), it stands as one of the first major science fiction glasses. It is also one of the first doomsday movies. It is remarkable how the filmmakers predict the start of World War II within a year, and even in a subtle way the year it would end in the real world. But then the film goes from reality and depicts a world devastated by war (only substitute for poison gas for nuclear weapons, which of course did not exist in 1936). The last half hour of the movie is an incredible sight, groundbreaking use of models and food paintings - later becoming staples to the science fiction genre. It's sad that Sci-fi, after what is going to be, is identified with cheaply made b-movies, a stereotype that wouldn't be broken until 2001: A Space Odyssey more than 30 years later. If they were stuck in the quality of the effects of this movie, it would have been very different in Hollywood. <br /> <br /> Raymond Massey and some of his co-stars play more roles in this movie, for a good effect. Massey plays a great "Doctor Who" -like role as a pilot of an advanced civilization (for 1970), trying to win over the people of a devastated land ruled by a simple mind warlord (a very effective performance by Ralph Richardson). Eventually, history covers 100 years. But it's a big problem with this movie - it's really not a coherent story. <br /> <br /> Perhaps in such an episodic movie - something resembling intolerance - in fact - it's hard to have a conventional plot, but I felt more could have been made of the material and even the pictures in the final third the picture really is amazing and worth the price of recording ... is plotted non-existent and the movie itself ends suddenly, just as it gets interesting. Perhaps the producers thought of another future sci-fi innovation: a continuation <br /> <br /> Things to come are a movie, every serious sci-fi buff should look at least once. However, unlike Metropolis, it cannot have repeated prospects.
