This is probably the best of all Star Wars movies. <br /> <br /> The movie's starting point was almost like Episode IV - spacious cabaret music and a cabaret place where the seriousness of mobster Jabba the Hutt became even more serious. He ordered Lukas to die in a basement pit at Bantha-crushing teeth, which looked almost like a cross between a bear and a shark. Luke's Jedi powers gradually end the monster. The addition to the insidious rescue of Han Solo, who was frozen alive at the end of episode V, was very upset by Jabba for Luke being sentenced to die at the Sarlacc Tomb outside. <br /> <br /> But all the Star Wars "good guys", especially R2-D2, had other ideas ... and the other ideas averted Luke's performance; In the end, most of Jabba's soldiers died, and Princess Leia could use the power to die mortally to Jabba. <br /> <br /> As in episode IV, the death star in episode VI shows its appearance. When I analyzed the reef fleet, which attacked the imperial warriors around the death star, Star Destroyer staff assessed that the primary laser was activated by the Imperial warriors as a diversion. The 20-25 Star Destroyers who set up were ready to attack, but were canceled, and instead the laser weapon on the Death Star fired into surprise. When it was fired, the reel fleet's only hope was that Death Star's deflector shield would be knocked out and this hit Lando so much because he wanted to destroy Death Star, but he couldn't before the screen was taken out. And it was taken out by Lando's growing impatience. As in episode V, the imperial hikers make their threatening appearance with their twin guns and kill at least one of Ewoks ... but Ewoks found old yet unusual ways to deal with them. For example, Chewbacca and another Ewok were able to command one of the hikers (and actually used it to destroy behind one of the hikers), and the other Ewoks used logs to knock out two other hikers. <Br /> <br /> It's amazing what Luke could do with his Jedi forces on his light Saber, such as the stage at Endor, where Luke deflects incoming laser images from a Storm Trooper speeder bike and uses Saber to knock out part of the bike. Or in a climax, using Saber to interrupt his own father's arm during the final Saber battle with Sith Vader. You probably know the Ewoks festival after Death Star was blown, complete with a brief display of fireworks, drum on the victories of the victories (eg Storm Trooper Masks), and Luke finally meets with Leia after Luke's own nemesis --- Darth Vader, now dead, burned on a pyre. The celebration includes Ewoks song, but I think Lucas didn't buy it - even with the strong respect for the film composer John Williams. <br /> <br /> In the home movie version, I think Lucas himself would have a different ending. Besides celebrating at Endor, he wanted pictures of festive scenes on the many surviving rebellious planets, including a famous laser shot that destroys the statue of Sith. The Ewoks song was replaced by an alternate instrumental piece. He probably wanted the extra things to prove that with the death star's destruction, balance had been restored to rebellion galaxies.
