If the researchers appeared in a way that H.G. Wells was convinced that in the future they would not have been in the way it did in things to come. Was nearly 80 years past the point Wells wrote The Shape of Things coming on, this movie is based and not closer to the world he describes than before, in some ways further away. Although well-known players like Raymond Massey, Ralph Richardson and Cedric Hardwicke are in the cast, they are more caricatures than real characters. It is the greatest weakness of the movie, dedicated to Wells's philosophy of science, will solve all problems, and the rest of us are backwards. <br /> <br /> Massey's characters, two generations of the same family, keep the extremely optimistic view. Cedric Hardwicke is a skeptic who feels that man is rushing too far forward. And Ralph Richardson is a warlord emerging from the destruction of another thirty-year war fought with modern weapons. In the way that the atomic bomb was not invented, poison gas was considered to be a weapon that almost destroys humanity. According to Wells, science and conquest can never mix. Scientists as a group are far too over politics to engage in such things. In Well's lifetime, scientists surely fled Hitler's and Mussolin's right-wing governments. The same people, but to defeat them, subordinate themselves to the Allies and formed the nuclear weapons ushering in the modern age. If they acted as Wells would have liked them, someone like Albert Einstein would have led a junta by scientists who would have established a new order after World War II. <br /> <br /> Wells got it wrong both in time and in development. He had apparently never imagined the computer as well as nuclear power. Computer programmers are far more likely to be our rulers in a brave new world than scientists at the moment. Still things that come, backed by William Cameron Menzies' direction and they created sets, provide an interesting insight into H.G. Wells' mind, certainly a respected thinker of his time, even though he didn't get the right kind of thing to come.
