The first 2 parts seek to reduce to the absurdity the rise of wasteful wars and rule of nationalist barbarians. Part 3 speculates that progress and exploration against the moon and beyond is the key to ensuring meaningful use of human talents and resources. It has been said that some viewers reject as naive or bombastic, but it makes others tension with excitement. It displays a gun / launch device and a helicopter along with inventive mass communication equipment, elevators, flat panel panels and wireless intercoms. It is probably incorrect about windowless buildings in the future. But it depicts a child-like vision of boundless scientific / technological research. For me, it seems like a film about a group of rational thinking thinkers ruled by a spinoza-like morality in their quest to immortalize themselves and live ethically through scientific progress and a global world government. The Pro-progress characters (like the two solvers) believe that mankind could 'live forever' by preserving our experiments and advances for future generations who are always on our humanity as if on the giant's shoulders. <br /> <br /> Arthur C. Clarke (2001 author: A Space Odyssey) proposed this movie to Stanley Kubrick as an example of an excellent SF movie. Kubrick hated it and said he would never see another movie based on Clarke's suggestion (source: Clarkes special millennium introduction to his 2001 novel). Although the late Clarke continued to suggest it at the top of his list when someone asked him about the best SF movies. It has a beautiful Menzies art design, but mediocre special effects (especially the toy tanks). I loved it personally and think it captures modernity. It is a little naive about the possibility of creating a society without crime for a long time. It also seems inappropriate for inevitable progress. It seems to me that we can just as easily go back to the dark ages or at least become so stagnant in science that we kill ourselves through overpopulation or through our inability to escape the next great natural disaster. But it does point out that it is important to take risks against public and nanny offenses for potential threats of space and death. It challenges us to choose the side of progress over petty desires for security or comfort or happiness: <br /> <br /> CABAL: "Too much {rest} and too early, and we call it death. But for MAN No rest and no end He must continue - conquer beyond conquest This little planet and its winds and roads and all the laws and matters of the mind that limit him, then the planets about him and finally beyond the immense to the stars, and when he has overcome all the door of the room and all the mysteries of all time - he will still begin. "<br /> <br /> CABAL:" If we are no more than animals, we must snatch our little scraper of happiness and live and suffer and pass, not miserer more than all the other animals do - or have done. " {He points to the stars.} "That's it - or this? All the universe - or nothing ..." (quotes from the manuscript). <br /> <br /> If it sounds like a rationalization for dedicating the whole community to progress, then council members (of the world government) will act as technocrats. However, these "technocrats" actually allow their citizens to become craftsmen or pursue other passions freely, and they should be suppressed by government bans, laws against science and experiment, and other mandates and restrictive use of force that will make their critics tyrants. In fact, a large group of rebels are basically feeling all the Council's science and technology developments, so they try to put an end to progress and end the freedom of the Council to experiment. However, the advanced oriented council will not suppress the freedom of the rebels, but will only prepare its peace gas in emergencies and will only have the freedom and space to pursue its progress. <br /> <br /> So is the story of the freedom to do science as much as it is about the underestimation of progress. In fact, many people in our community would agree with some of these basic premises, except in the case of social prejudice (for example, many will forbid cloning) or naturalism (some will not allow us to develop freely, and we would rather just stay ejected in due time, while slavery to earth) or fear / reason (some believe we are not ready for advanced science / technology as we might destroy ourselves). But Cabal (the President of the Council) has an answer to the danger problem: "Our scientific revolution did not revolutionize death or danger. It simply killed and worth it" (acting).
