H.G. Wells in 1936 was past his prime and the books of his to survive were long over. He came to the end of his life, and he was confronted with his dream gone sour. In the early 20th century he defended the idea that the world was doomed because the development of species, natural biology on the one hand, and Marxism, market economy, on the other hand, necessarily led to the victory of the weaker over the stronger because of the simple criterion for number. The weaker was humanity and the stronger the minority elite. He then defended a strict eugenic policy with the elimination of all those who somehow weakened humanity. First of all, the non-Caucasian, with the only exception to the Jews who would disappear thanks to mixed marriages. Then, within the Caucasian community, all those who were not healthy, alcoholics, mentally handicapped, all those who were genetically disabled, etc. It was not Hitler. It was H.G. Wells, and it wasn't after the First World War. It was more than ten years before. And twenty years before the First World War, he had released The Time Machine, which defended the idea that the human "race" they themselves left, and because of the livelier cosmological development of life on earth, would see the human "race" "in two" species ": the working class would become an underground labor-intensive species, and the bourgeoisie would become an idle surface species. The point was in the novel that the surface was sophisticated and weakly inactive species had been changed to the other species that were the predators. Wells was convinced that humanity was in danger and politicians had to stop this development by introducing a strict eugenics policy. The first countries that followed this injunction were the Scandinavian countries, which were also the last to refuse it only recently for some of them. The film here proposes a vision of 2036 with a world government that is absolutely dictatorial in the fact that there is no election, no parliament, no real democratic institution, only peace imposed by military conquest, and the government is dominated by a man or on it most one man and his few councilors. And in the future world, absolutely all people are Caucasians. Wells could imagine that humanity was completely white in 2036. Great. Wells predicted some kind of rebellion, but it would be short-lived and lead to nothing at all. The last sentences are the vision of this white civilization that conquers the entire universe when considering the sky and its stars and planets. Daunting. And it was produced in 1936. The more frightening, since there is no mention of Hitlerism, fascism, Japanese imperialism or Stalinism. But it is important to have that movie in a good restored version because it is crucial to get a full vision of H.G. Wells. We are, of course, very far away from the brave new world of absolute "democratic" social choices, or the animal care of the dictatorship of the pig proletariat, or 1984 of the abstract medical dictatorship Big Brother. This vision is at least as daunting as the other three. And I will only compare Wells with the British science fiction writers of his days. It would be unfair to go beyond. This shows that in England during these first three decades of the 20th century there was a huge fear among intellectuals: the fear that the future would only be gloomy, gloomy, and in the form of a death tribe. <br /> <br /> Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, University of Paris Dauphine, University of Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne and University of Versailles Saint Quentin en Yvelines
