"Things to come to" Movie Review by kWRice <br /> Here's another wonderful science fiction movie from another time and place. It's a movie I've only seen in truncated parts, but Art must be taken as a whole. I saw this movie when it was designed in a dark theater on a silver screen with swirling rolls of film and an audience to share it with. This audience and myself were performed by this movie! A woman who lived through World War II was strangled by the war of the remembered armies and replenished by the positive, albeit corny, end. The things that got my attention from the beginning were the original credits. The first thing we see is "H.G. Wells" in bold angle block copy much like "Superman" of yore. It's not the movie title, but the creator's title, and then before other people, such as actors or production, are listed, the director William Cameron Menzies is up there! Who? You've probably seen his work before, "Around the world in 80 days", "Yankees pride" and "Gone with the wind." He did not search for this Sci-Fi epic opera he and Mr. Wells created, but his film images, sets and designs are very recognizable. <br /> <br /> This imagery has a lot of effect. I recognized pictures from many other films that have hailed this classic. The latest "Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy" is obviously with Bugs Bunny, "Fantasia", "Monty Python and Holy Grail", "Sky Captain & World of Tomorrow", "The Living Dead Night" and more that I know but which titles escape me. These are real special effects here, scenes now made with CGI are made with actors, large sets and detailed models. This film was made in 1936, and it is obvious that it meant something to the other authors. Wells and Menzies also worked with Bliss, make the music and Korda, the producer, to create a masterpiece with message, warning and sermon. <br /> <br /> The lines of Shakespeare actors Cedric Hardwicke, Ralph Richardson and Raymond Massey speak, sometimes the sermon sounds, but I've also heard lines I still hear. "These toy children today have nothing that I had when I was a child." "It helps develop their coordination." "What do we need books for, what should we read for?", "We do not need cars, there is nowhere to go, we have everything we need right here," "There will not be war. "But war is there! The naive citizens of "Everytown" refuse to see the literal writing on the wall. The endless war explodes on Christmas Eve. The little boy who wants to be a good soldier like his father is a picture that will probably always stay with me. This is the world of 1936 that bore blinds to Hitler's challenge. This war does not end. The poison gas of the warriors tells in the other act. <br /> <br /> It's another dark age. No government, no services, and people brought together and cheered the war that no one remembers anything. Pest, warlord and bullying to get the planes to fly to fuel that no longer exists. The loved ones are shot in the street before they can carry the plague to another. Midway there is a fantastic vignette about Rolls Royce, it is a much needed respite midway. In this country's futuristic plan that celebrates the future. <br /> <br /> This future is the third act. The world has rebuilt itself with the "bad animal, man". Helicopters fly in this movie before even being invented. The plumber's helper has other uses than Dalek or Glenn Miller's. Widescreen plasma screens demand the masses and the orators encourage the people to tear it all down. "Beware the concussion you have been warned!", Warns the city's father the restless population. So be warned, this movie can hit you as if it hit me. There are some flaws and miscalculations, but the thought-provoking idealism is really worth thinking about again, and I want to see this artificial movie again. Others criticize Mr. Wells vision. It is very easy to work with 20/20 overhaul with things, costumes and foley miscues. I think Mr. Wells' "Things to Come" is not about things, but is actually about concepts, social trends and philosophical ideals. Moreover, we have just begun the new millennium and are not in the time yet. This is not cheap British British science fiction, but worthy of Epic Filmed Opera, sans sang that overall concept overcomes some less dated flaws.
