I must admit a little disappointment with this movie; I had read a lot about how spectacular it was, but the actual futuristic sequences, Age of Science, record a very small amount of the movie. The sets and are great when we get to them, and there are some nice pictures, but this final order is lacking in too many other greetings ... A lot of drama of the play is in the middle of the section, and then it plays like the melodrama, deriving from the "high concept" science-fiction nature of the whole and insufficiently robust dialogue. However, there is far more human life in this part, with the great Ralph Richardson sailing gloriously over-the-top as the little dictator, "Boss" in Everytown. I loved Richardson's mannerisms and curt delivery lines, dismissing the presence and ideas of Raymond Massey's remote, trusting visitor. This boss is a durable, convincingly confused figure who is unable to realize the real fruit of his kingdom ... It's not a big part, but Richardson does a lot of it. <br /> <br /> Everytown itself is believed to be England, or at least an English city that is quite representative of England. Interestingly, the complete avoidance of any religious side to things; "The upcoming things" seem to be about a conflict between warbarism and a belief in science that seems to have little final goal but just to go on and on again. There is a delayed attempt to raise some arguments and tensions in the last section on more personal 'life', but one is left completely dissatisfied. The film has not had much interest in subtle complexities; It goes to childhood acting and pristine, blunt moralism, every time. And of course, remember the hedged-bet finale: Raymond Massey grows lyrical about how uncertain things are! <br /> <br /> Regarding the question of the film being a prediction: I must say that it is not at all bad as such, of course, allowing it to be impossible to get the details of life something right. The larger concepts have something for them; a war in 1940, yes it was perhaps predictable ... Lasting nearly 30 years, mind! A nuclear weapon - the "super gun" or such a contradiction - in 2036 ... A technocratically socialist "we don't believe in independent nation states" type government, in Britain, after 1970 ... Hmmm, unfortunately nowhere near the one, chaps ! ;-) No real policy has come in here, which is a shame; All surfaces are a very credible anti-war mood. Generally, it is assumed that dictatorship - whether benheaded-luddite-fascist, or under-boss or all-hands-to-the-pump scientific socialism - will be * the trade *, and these implications are not broached ... While we must remember that in 1936 there was no knowledge at all of how Nazism and Communism should turn out - or even how they were being expelled - the lack of consideration seems soft beyond the vision of other filmmakers. Many of the former things should - and could - have been cut in my opinion; Only the shortest things from 1940 would have been necessary, but this segment tends to become rather dizzying, and it is ages before we get to the Richardson Massey parts. I'd like to have seen more done with Margareta Scott; who is just a little skeptical, cutting a flashing Mediterranean figure for insignificant purposes. The character is not explored or honestly explained or exploited, except for a scene that I will not spoil, and her relationship with the boss has not been explored; But then it was the 1930s, and there was such a widespread institutional censorship then. Edward Chapman is mildly funny in his two roles; more in the first, as a relentless chap, to ask for war, only to be completely defeated by another Massey character. Massey himself helps things a lot, plays his parts with a mix of restraint and gloomy gusto, which contrasts well with a largely diffident cast, ready for Richardson, and Scott and Chapman suffered. <br /> <br /> I would say "Things to come" are undoubtedly a very extraordinary film made in the United Kingdom in 1936; one of the few serious British science fiction movies to date, yes! Its set (piece) design and utilization of resources is ravenous, marvelous. <br /> <br /> But the script is ultimately over-earnest and sometimes everywhere. The direction is prone to a flatness, even though it draws a scenic gear or two on occasion. However, the cinematographer and Mr Richardson really save things; respectively, create an upscale feeling of wondering about technology, and an engaging, jerky performance that consistently aspires. Such a shame there is so little substance or real cinematic performance to it all; Powell and Pressburger would have been the perfect directors to take on such a task like this - they are peerless among British directors like bold visual storytellers, big chunks of characters and dealers in first-rate dialogue. <br /> <br /> "Things to come", as it stands, are an exciting curious thing worth noting but far less than a "Metropolis" ... "Tis a lot like" stupid "in Wells' words like the long film, yet with nothing like the amazing power of it.
