This early sci-fi masterpiece by Herbert George Wells with music by Arthur Bliss is a powerful piece of film making. Adapted from Wells' somewhat different work by the author, it gives a glimpse of the human future with the subject of war periods as opposed to periods of "peace". The structure is that the script for a contrasting episode of normality and the gathering of warriors allows the war to happen. Two families, Cabells and Passworthys disagree on what can happen; Passworthy takes a hopeful view of civilization's "automatic" progress; Cabell is the lighter, the doubter. Their city Everytown - of course London - is being destroyed by a war of thought, a magnificent war mark at Bliss and the end of civilization. The other part finds people living in the wreck of what had been the city under a "boss", played with the bravura of Ralph Richardson, whose wife, lovely Margaretta Scott, is so fascinating a dreamer, as he is a tangibly tied dictator type. He tries to rebuild old WWI aircraft so he can attack a nearby mountain tribe to complete his small lands; a young scientist complains about having his work constantly interrupted by requirements for aircraft - etc - forever; This is Wells' comment on war versus progress. The survivors are also exposed to a plague called "The Wandering Sickness". Enter a modern airplane, led by Cabell in the first section of the movie, now part of Wings Over the World, an international scientific coalition that plans to end warfare forever. This airy modernist has fascinating conversations with Boss and his wife, their attraction is evident; then Boss sends his plane to them, the researchers come up with a large number of aircraft and release "the gas of peace" on the ruins of the city. Only the boss dies and fights too hard against the pacification. The film then shows that ore is mined, and by slow steps, the beams are made into a magnificent new futuristic city of towers. In section three, a future Cabell argues with a future passability over the morality of the humanities. Passworthy wonders if they have the right to send men to the moon; The Cabell Master's right to progress and the need to expand his horizons. The son of Passworthy and Cabell's daughter are sent astronauts. Theotocopulos, a religious memory Luddite, makes a fiery speech on a big screen in the city's forum and leads an attack on "gun" that is to extinguish the new rocket free of Earth's gravity. The climax of the plot is to shoot the space gun successfully; Denouement and ending is a speech by Cabell that promises worth and science universally considered to be the in-depth defense of the mind ever written. "It's the whole universe - or nothing!" Cabell tells Passworthy. "What should it be?" As Cabell, Raymond Massey may give his biggest screenplay; He is thoughtful, compassionate and reasonable, a true scientist. As the robbers who want to end the age of science, Cedric Hardwicke is perfect and powerful. Edward Chapman plays Passworthy exhibiting admirably the voice of the convention and fear. The story is logical, often beautiful and always interesting. In view of the closest extinction of mankind, the idea of ​​a civilization run by rebuilding scientists is made probable and credible to the viewer. This is a triumph for the director, William Cameron Menzies, for Bliss and for all concerned. Listen to the dialogue with someone you love; within its constructed boundaries, this is the thinking of a thinker who debates two possible human futures progress or its reactionary opposite.
