I was just a child in arms, as George Lucas wowed the world with his out of this world. Saga chronicles the young Luke Skywalkers adventures and the infamous Darth Vadar, but even today, for 20 years, I can appreciate the brilliant Lucas and the incredible imagination he has been blessed with. In a new hope, Lucas showed a new way of telling stories as he introduced us to such memorable characters as the splendid Princess Leia, Rougish Han Solo and the spiritual Luke Skywalker, as well as the best-loved of villains, the monstrous Darth Vadar. In Empire Strikes Back he went out to show us Special Effects can add to a story and succeeded in something that nobody thought you could do on the screen. He made a movie without any definite end or beginning, and it went down a treat. Returning the Jedi is an appropriate end to a saga that will stand the time test. <br /> <br /> When The Empire Srtikes Back ended with the enclosure of the lovable Rouge Han Solo in Carbonite to be delivered to Jabba the Hut and young Luke reeling from the discovery of a terrible truth about his father became We left with the feeling that things went from bad to worse. What it seemed had won the day. How did we ask the rebels to recover from this battle? In Lucas' amazing and captivating last chapter, we are kept at the edges of our seats from Han's bold rescue from the Jabbas palace to the final climax of Death Star between Luke and Vadar, as Luke struggles to fulfill his duties as a Jedi and rebellion battle and tries to revive. the good he believes is still in his father's soul. Old friends like the smooth speaker Lando Calrissian and the always lovable Chewbacca are reunited to a definitive battle to end all battles as a new darker, more dangerous enemy emerges in the form of the emperor himself (played by the brilliant Ian McDiarmiud. How he missed an Oscar is a mystery.) Desperate to turn Luke into Dark Side, though it means betraying his apprentice Darth Vadar. All in black with its red eyes, ghostly white crooked face and eerie grin, he is truly a scary addition to the story and is the undisputed master of events unfolding. His new and improved Death Star spells disaster for the rebels, but the brave group launches a final desperate attack to end the Emperor's government for good. <br /> <br /> Lucas managed to incorporate three different stories at once and keep the action going, so the audience is riveted. We see in excitement when Han and Leia try to bring the shield around Death Star from the forest Moon of Endor with the help of some cute Ewoks (which I really don't think to take from the movie at all. In fact, I feel they give a black expression from the tensions of the battle and in Death Star) and prevented by legions of storm troops and imperial officers. We rejoice at Lando and the other pilots as they take on the mighty Imperial fleet and risk life and limbs flying into the Deatn Star to destroy it once and for all. And we see with breathless breath as Vadar and the Emperor trying to turn Luke into the Dark Side, while again trying to turn his father back. <br /> <br /> But for me, the hardest and most compelling battles it takes are inside Darth Vadar. For ROTJ is a struggle of emotions and emotions. Vadar is trapped between his loyalty to the empire and the empire and his fatherly inclinations to weed. Never did I think that a mask could show emotions, but some - how not to but see the confusion and pain of Vadar's face during the last scenes, when Emporer turns Luke on. There is more depth and feeling for Vadar than I thought a villain, especially a machine that you could have, and which I think is what makes him so accessible. He's in conflict. The apprentice as much as the Master. Sacrificed as much as the villain. Without destroying the end too much Vadar's last scene is the most exciting and wonderful in the trilogy. So in conclusion, what can I say. George Lucas is the Saga Master. Star Wars is the most compelling and engaging Sagas I have seen for a long time, and I have not yet seen another Saga rival it. The return of Jedi has all the ingredients needed to earn the final Lucas masterpiece. It's action, excitement, romance, tragedy, redemption, joy all rolled into one and it's memorable characters, wonderful special effects and captivating music makes both a great movie in itself and an end that Lucas can be proud of.
