After '' Empire returns '' '' Return of the Jedi '' is my second favorite movie from the Star Wars series. <br /> <br /> Luke went to Tattoine to save Han Solo from Jabba. At the same time, the galactic empire secretly makes the construction of a new space station like the former Death Star. If this station remains fully constructed, it will be the end of the Rebel Alliance. Both Vader and Emperor are impatient because of the delay of the new Death Star, and they have to kill many of their commanders to get the project done on schedule. R2 and C3po are inside the Jabbas palace to send a message from Luke to Jabba, where Luke pretends to negotiate his life. He gives R2 and C3po as a gift to Jabba as part of his plan. Jabba does not accept the negotiations as he uses Han Solo as a piece of his palace decoration. (He is still frozen in carbonite) Lando is hidden as Jabbas guard, and Chewbacca is also given to Jabba by a reward hunter. When the same hunter tries to save Han solo and makes him remain in human form again, we see it actually is Princess Leia in a disguise. The problem is that Jabba discovers Leia's plan and takes her as his slave while he is thrown away in the Chewbaccas cell. <br /> <br /> Luke comes as a Jedi knight to save his friends. At his first attempt to kill Jabba, he falls into the Jabba's monster cell (Bantha), but kills it easily. Jabba remains angry and decides to throw Han, Chewbacca and Luke to Sarlacc, a great creature from the desert that stays 1,000 years digesting it 'food'. Luke, Han and Chewie are successful again, and even Boba Fett dies when he accidentally throws him into Sarlacc's mouth. Leia kills Jabba and goes after Han, Luke and Chewie as well as c3po and R2. <br /> <br /> Everyone is secure again, Luke decides to go to Dagoba to complete his education as a Jedi, as well as his promise to Yoda. The problem is that Yoda is too old and sick when he is already 900 years old and before he dies, Yoda says to Luke that he does not need more training, but to really be a Jedi, he must fight with Will be back again. He confirms to Lukas that Vader is Luke's father and that there is another Skywalker besides Luke. In his last moments, Yoda asks Luke to remember his advice on the temptation of the dark side, and that Luke transmits his Jedi knowledge to other people. When Yoda dies, Obi wan's spirit shows up to Luke and tells him that Luke's father killed his good side Anakin to become Darth Vader and also that he is more machine than a man since he became a sith. Luke is concerned about killing his own father and saying that he feels his father still has kindness. Obi Wan tells Luke that his twin sister is Leia, and says the reasons why Luke and Leia were separated since the babies. He gives his last advice to Luke that if he refuses to kill Vader, the emperor will win the war. At the same time, the Emperor says to Vader that he must give Luke to him when he appears, as Luke is stronger than before, and they must both combine their efforts to bring Luke to the dark side. Now we must have one of the best battles from the Star Wars series when the Rebel Alliance plans to attack the new space station, '' Death Star 2 '' 'Luke will confront Vader and Emperor, and Leia, Han and Chewie will turn off' Death Star 2 'power field with help from EWOKS. (Little creatures who see little bears) <br /> <br /> This is definitely one of the most exciting star wars!
