Okay, my title is a bit boring and almost sells this flick card. I remember seeing Siskel & Ebert in '94 talk about this movie and then playing a clip or two. Not being a rap-conscious guy (although I could identify Snoop Dogg, Vanilla Ice and MC Hammer music), I wasn't very interested when they started talking about the movie. But then the S&E showed the scene where the band explained how they chose their name (using a "shady" logic and a lot of "finished" facts) and then another scene where the band and their rival band both visit a school for to promote getting involved (and of course NWH comes up with some "info" about how rival band leader is a loser because he got good grades in school and was at the yearbook committee). So I filed it away to see this movie. <br /> <br /> A few years later, this stuff shows up on HBO and I recorded it just to laugh my ass for hours. Yes, it has a "Spinal Tap" kind of rhythm for it ... even the documentary takes pretty much the same "tone" in the setup of clips, and the band follows a similar path (what I now call "the Bag Music" phenomenon - smalltime bands have good chemistry, become famous, too much money for fast, squabbling, drugs, some form of death, band breaking up, so reconciling, ending with a hope for more albums in the future and fading to black). The only thing true is that in Spinal Tap, you might catch the band with a little more success in their past. But tap on moves on some points and in my mind is reduced to laughs set by specific scenes. Oh, this is his rage about backstage food, this is the place where he wants the amplifier to go to "ELEVEN", this is the place where the guy makes the pint-big stonehenge, etc. ... <br /> <br /> Contrast with FoaBH, which seems to have more "unexpected" humor. You can see some of it coming, but there's not a big setup for any joke. Sometimes the jokes are just a little flowing. Cundieff and the other actors in the band had a real chemistry that worked. Also the direct references to Vanilla Ice, Hammer and a lot of other caricature type rappers worked really well. This hits me like a movie you see once to get the main story and laugh, then go back and look to catch the subtle jokes. And the songs. Are "My Peanuts" Better Than "Big Bottom" (from Spinal Tap)? I don't know - but they are both wonderful fun. Tone Def's horrible video during his awakening phase is so bizarre, yet fun. <br /> <br /> I could go for a while but save your time and don't play it on CB4. I saw the first half hour and got bored. You will not be bored with FoaBH. There are slightly less fun moments, but you can never tell when something good is about to happen. Perhaps my favorite scene is when Ice Cold and Tastey Taste (the name ripoffs if I ever heard anyone) discover that they have shared the same girl .... at some point you have the two point guns on each other and the next thing you know, the manager, the photographer, the girl, and I believe that even Tone Def is in the room, pointing guns at each other, changing targets back and forth. And of course someone gets shot. I found it odd that NWH's leaders had similar fates to Spinal Taps drummers (although no one spontaneously burned, I don't think). There were probably similarities that I cannot ignore the likelihood that Cundieff saw "Spinal Tap" before writing this movie, although it is clearly much more hip-hop spinal loss. While there are some similarities, humor is different and the film seems more like a true documentary (perhaps because we do not recognize a single actor in this thing, even the guy who played "Lamar" from the "Nerd Revenge"). All in all, in my opinion, this movie has "street cred". Like NWH.
