This movie, in my opinion, is the weakest movie in the original Star Wars trilogy, for various reasons. But it appears at the end of the day a winner, despite all its faults. It is still a very good movie, though much of its quality depends on the characters built in the superior 2 tranches. <br /> <br /> One problem here is the appearance of the film, which is not much in line with the other 2 films. I put a lot of it into the departure of producer Gary Kurtz. The first two films have the dirty, live-in look with all technology and so on. In the "Jedi" on the other hand, even the rebels look as if they just went out of a shower and had their uniforms cleaned. This gives a much less textured film. Also, the creatures were overly muppet-like and cutesy. At this time, it seems that the filmmakers were more concerned with creating templates for future action figures than with the quality of the film itself. Another aspect is the lack of originality. Where "Star Wars" created a whole new experience in the cinema and "Empire" brought us to alien worlds of swimmers, ice and clouds, "Jedi" reused long places where the first movie was. First we are back on the desert plan Tatooine, and then we see them face another death star (maybe the emperor couldn't think of anything new ... but you think Lucas or Kasdan could). Also we have these ewoks, who are really just abominable teddy bears made for mattel, in a reusable version of what would be the big wookie fight at the end of "Star Wars" if they hadn't run out cash. It just feels like a lazy construction. <br /> <br /> The most unfortunate aspect of "Jedi" for me is the weak handling of the Han Solo character. While central to the plot of the first 2 films here, he fights for screen time, trading a liners with the droids. Instead of a real drama, we are stuck with the lame pretense that He is still convinced that Leia loves Luke - as if the conclusion of "Empire" where she confessed her love for him had never happened. The whole thing is very constructed and hardly conceals that the Solo character was not part of this movie's central story after his rescue. Ford sees his part out bored and lacks the style that distinguished his past performances. It's more like a 1990's Ford performance, bored and looking "over" the movie itself. Fisher for her part is visibly tall in some scenes. Lando, an interesting character introduced in "Empire", is stuck as the shady person we care about in the huge space battle. Only Hamill, given an interesting development in the Luke character, can really do something new or interesting with his character. He was probably the only major actor in the film who was still concerned about his work. And to be fair, the script gives far more to do than the other characters. It's really his story, and the other characters are only there as part of the package. Ian McDiarmid does excellent work as well as the emperor. The movie would sink if he had been too far above the top (as he sometimes was in the new movies). <br /> <br /> Visual and effective work, beyond the "clean" look of everything it's hard to find fault. Jabba is a very effective animatronic character, one of the most elaborate ever-constructed. The room's battles against the end are very impressive. <br /> <br /> Ultimately, this movie is running successfully based on the results of its ancestors. But on their own it is a satisfying entertainment and IMHO far better than any of Lucas' later productions.
