Brian Yuzna is often wrinkled as an instructor for his sweet gore fests, but the truth is that his movie is not bad at all. The Re-Animator sequels are not as big as the original, but are still worthy of horror successors. Return of the Living Dead 3 is the best of the series; And society is not a world away from being a surreal horror masterpiece. This thriller is certainly not a masterpiece; But it shows Yuzna's eye for horror, and the plot moves in a way that is always exciting and engaging. I am really surprised that a horror film about dental science did not end in 1996, as the dentist is almost a primary fear - it runs away from a tiger to the modern world. Dental care does not fear me, but surprisingly; I seem to be in the minority. The foundation follows the perfectionist dentist Dr Feinstone. He has a good house, a successful career and a beautiful wife - pretty much everything most people want. But his life takes a turn for the worse when he discovers his wife's affair with the pool cleaner. And his life is not the only one; as it is his patients who feel full of anger ... <br/> <br /> When it comes to scaring the audience, this movie really makes itself. But credit must go to the director to extract the full quota of scares from the central theme. That he does a good job is summed up by the fact that I am not worried about going to the dentist - yet another particular scene made me cover my eyes! The film follows the ordinary man who goes in the fate overview, only with the dentist you always get the impression that there is more to the film than what we see. It is not very often that a gorilla film can impress at a substance level - and while this does not win any awards, parody of the upper class is nicely bound in the plot. The action, while the B-class, is actually quite impressive; with Corbin Bernsen starring and doing a good job of convincing the audience that he really is a man on the edge. I should thank Brian Yuzna for throwing Ken Foree in the movie. Dawn of the Dead star does not get enough work and I really love watching him in movies. The rest of the molding does not impress massively, but everyone does their job well enough. Overall, the dentist offers a refreshing change in the 90s slasher film. Gore scenes are sure to please horror fans, and I do not hesitate to recommend this movie.
