The dentist starts in the morning by Dr. Alan Feinstone (Corbin Bernsen) and his wife Brooke's (Linda Hoffman) wedding day. On the surface Mr. & Mrs. Feinstone has a good life, a beautiful home in Los Angeles, and he has a successful career with responsibility, but under things it is very wrong. Alan discovers that Brooke has an affair with Matt (Michael Stadvec) the swimming pool cleaner, to add to his humiliation Alan discovers that Matt also has sex with Paula Roberts (Lise Simms) one of his neighbor neighbors and on top of It all is because he owes the IRS, breathing down the neck, a burden. Alan starts thinking, he convinces himself that everything is decaying and messy, just like his patient's teeth, and it is up to him to fix it. In the morning at work, he begins to take his frustrations and anger out on his patients. He first wounds a young boy named Jody (Brian McLaughlin), his sexual assault is a patient named April Reign (Christa Sauls) after he hallucines that she is his wife & deliberately performs an unnecessary and painful procedure on another. Alan also starts taking drugs when he completely loses it and goes homicidal with his incredible wife and pool cleaner ... <br/> <br /> Directed by Brian Yuzna I thought the dentist was a good movie and tried something different . The manuscript by Dennis Paoli, Stuart Gordon and Charles Finch is more of a psycho-thriller than straight slasher who came as a surprise to me as I expected the latter, it would have been easy to make a teen slasher movie as Friday 13th 1980) with a high body count and a clever cracking dentist villain, but what the dentist actually turned out to be very different. The dentist is at the center a character study of a man's descent into madness and it does a fine job even though it is said that I am not sure what he is going through is sufficient justification for his subsequent murderous actions. It moves along with a good pace, has a nice story where I liked the constant connection Alan makes between the decay he sees in his patients and the decay he sees in the world around him and is an entertaining way to pass 90 odd minutes . It goes without saying that anyone with a phobia about the dentist should probably give this a miss or you will never go again! I liked the end even where should be reversed, I say no more ... Director Yuzna does his usual good job here, in fact I don't think I've seen a Yuzna movie that I didn't enjoy, of course he gives and predictable the opportunity to play on our fear of the dentist with some fine dental torture sets, including pulling out people's teeth, sexually misunderstanding them, conducting drug operations and torturing people with the dreaded dental drill. There are also some other gore scenes, a dead dog, a person sharply slashed with a knife and cut out tongues. Yuzna gives the film a certain style of what was probably a low budget, he likes to tilt his camera, which gives some nice angles, and I liked the shot where the camera is over someone who is knife and big sprays of blood splatter on the floor in a good wide overhead angle. The technical dentist is good, decent film, music and production values, although some of the special make-up effects look a bit convincing. The action is pretty strong from everyone involved with Corbin, who puts a good crackpot performance. The always cool & genre favorite Ken Foree emerges as Detective Gibbs, one of Los Angeles finest. The dentist did not turn out as I expected, and the better for it if you are a horror fan & maybe want something a little different so it's worth checking out. I liked it and think it's definitely worth seeing.
