The dentist is a really good thriller. And rather disturbing. I think we can all agree that the chances of running into a psychotandist are much greater than running into monsters, vampires or zombies. That's why this film is so scary. During this film you will probably think of your own dentist a few times. Whether he is able to do such things ... Pray better that his wife does not cheat on him. It's about history. A respected dentist in LA snaps when he finds out his wife, cheats him with the pool boy. (It must be the largest profession in the world, by the way. Poolboys always utilizes the housewives when the man is at work) Then our dentist, Dr. Feinstone, only do something about revenge. He can't concentrate on his patients anymore and some of them get injured. Things aren't going to be easier for our dentist when he is being chased by an annoying treasurer, a curious policeman and a suspicious employee of his. At some point, Dr. Feinstone didn't take it anymore. Now he is not just after his wife, but after everyone who comes close to him. The dentist is written and directed by Brian Yuzna and co-authored by Stuart Gordon. You can take it as a recommendation to yourself. These 2 people already gave us a couple of good horror movies (and my personal favorites) like Re-Animator, From Beyond and Society. With the dentist they succeed once again in bringing an entertaining and very chilling thriller. This movie actually came from time to time. The decade had not led us to many amazing horror films so far. I do not say at all that this is a masterpiece, but it is a nice change. Corbin Bensen is great as a dentist occupied with hygiene. I remember him most like a comedy or drama actor, but he can surely handle a psychotic character. The rest of the molding also works well. The woman playing Feinstone's wife is really attractive. It was also great to see Ken Foree again. The actor from my all-time favorite movie Dawn of the Dead plays the recorder in this movie. Yuzna threw him in from over 15 years ago and I thank him for that. I do not recommend this movie to anyone (if you have a weak stomach, I would advise you to skip it), but if you see it, you will enjoy it a lot. You get disgusted ... but that's an extra reason, I think. It's been a while since I was really confused by watching a movie. It is a good topic to deal with in the genre, and Yuzna does it in a good way. Too bad this film was followed by a completely unnecessary successor. My humble opinion on the dentist ... 8/10
