I thought ROTJ was clearly the best of the three Star Wars movies. I find it surprising that ROTJ is considered the weakest installment in the trilogy of many who voted. For me it seemed that ROTJ was the best because it had the most deep plot, most excitement, surprises, most emotional (especially the end) and absolutely the most episodic film. I like Empire Strikes Back too much, but I think it's a little less good than than ROTJ, as it was slower, it wasn't so episodic, and I didn't feel as much excitement or emotions as I did with the third movie. It also seems to me that after reading these surprising reviews, the reasons why ROTJ is a poorer movie for the other two are just clever and insignificant reasons for the high quality of the movie as a whole. I've heard many strange reasons like: a) Because Yoda died b) Because Bobba Fat died c) Because small Ewoks defeated a band of storm troopers d) Because Darth Vader was uncovered <br /> <br /> I'd like to debunk each of These reasons, because I think they miss the point altogether. First, who cares if Bobba Fat died ??? If George Lucas wanted him to die then he wanted him to die. Don't forget me, I'm a fan of Bobba Fett, but he made a few cameo appearances, and it wasn't Lucas' intention to make him a central character in the movies that Star Wars fans made him be. His name wasn't even mentioned anywhere in the movie ... You had to go to credits to find out Bobba Fat's name !!! Judging ROTJ because a minor character died is a bit much, I think ... Secondly, many fans did not like Yoda dying. Sure, it was an important time in the movie. I was not happy to see him die, but it makes the movie more realistic. All the good people can't stay alive in a realistic movie you know. Otherwise, if all the good guys lived and all the evil guys died, this movie would have meant a cheesy Saturday morning cartoon. Another aspect to this point about people who do not like Yoda's death. Now nobody complained when Darth Vader hit Obi Wan Kenobi in a new hope. (Many consider a new hope of being the best of the trilogy) Why was Obi Wan's death okay, but Yoda is not ... hmmmmmmmmmmmm .... Another reason I just can't believe was even mentioned because people found sweet Ewok's overwhelming storm troopers to be impossible. It's totally ridiculous !! I can't believe this one !! First, Ewoks is in their original planet Endor, so they are aware of their home ground since they live there. If you watch the movie carefully, many of the tactics Ewoks used to defeat the storm troops were through excellent use of their home advantage. (Since you lived in the forest all your life, you hope you would have learned to use it for your benefit). They had swinging vines, ropes, logs set up to hike the hikers and other traps. The storm troops were extremely disadvantaged because they were superior and not aware of the benefits of the forest. All they had was their fans. To add, it was not as if Ewoks fought the storm troops themselves, they were greatly helped by the rebels in that conquest. I thought that if the storm troops had defeated a combination of Star Wars heroines, rebels, as well as Ewok's huge clan with great knowledge of their home ground, it would have been a major disturbance. Finally, if this scene was still incredible for you. What about Empire beating back or in a new hope where there were several scenes in a group consisting of just Han Solo, Chewbacca and the Princess who were shot at by like ten storm troopers and all their blowers missed while the heroine was in full view !! And not only that, the heroes, of course, always hit Stormtroopers with their blasts. The troops must have very, very bad goals then! At least in Empire Strikes Back, the battle of Endor was much more credible, as you had two armies pitted each other not 3 heroes against a legion storm troopers. Don't believe me? Check out the Battle of Cloud City as our heroes got rid of Lando's base. Or when our heroes rescued Princess Leia and were shot at (somehow missed), when Han Solo and Luke tried to leave Death Star. The last reason I care to discuss (others are just too common for me to spend my time here) is that people didn't like Darth Vader's unveiling! Well in many ways it was a big part of the plot in the movie. Luke tried to find out if Darth Vader was his father, Annakin Skywalker or not. It would have been disappointing if the movie was completed without Luke seeing his father's face because it made it complete. At Annakin's revelation, it symbolized the transition, Darth Vader went from being obsessed with the dark side (in the helmet) and to the good person he was Annakin Skywalker (by removing the helmet). The point is that Annakin died converted to the light side again, and that was what the meaning of the helmet removal scene was about. It is actually what I would have done in that scene, too, if I was Luke's father ... Isn't that what you would have done if you wanted to see your son with your own eyes before you died and not in a mechanized helmet? <br /> <br /> On another note, I believe that a subconscious or conscious expectation among most people is that the successor must be worse (though better) that the previous films are another reason why ROTJ doesn't come as many awards as it deserves. I never go into a movie with the deception in mind, I always try to go into a movie with the attitude that "Well, it may be better or worse at the original. But I can not quite do it. Look. "That way I go with open minds and do not believe that a clearly superior movie is not as good as it really was. I'm not sure who is criticizing these movies, but I've asked many college students and adults who is their favorite Star Wars movie and they tell me all (except someone who said a new hope was their favorite ) that it is ROTJ. I think the results of these polls are appalling and quite misleading. <br /> <br /> The bottom line, Jedi's return was the best of the trilogy. This movie was the only one of the three that kept me riveted all through 135 minutes. There was not a moment of boredom, because each scene was either exciting, exciting, surprising or all of the above. For example, the emotional light was sweeping the battle between Luke and his father in ROTJ better than the one in Empire Strikes Back any day !!! Finally, I hope people go to Phantom Menace with an open mind because if fans start looking for nitpicky, insignificant details (or see it as "just another sequel") to destroy the movie like "This movie stinks because Luke is not in the!" then this deserving movie becomes another spectacular movie that will be subject to demand, which ROTJ suffered unfortunately. <br /> <br />
