Director Brian Yuzna has had a bumpy career in the horror genre and created masterpieces such as "Return of the Living Dead 3" or "Bride of Re-Animator", but at the same time he has made horrible movies like "Faust: Love for the Damned" or the mediocre "come off". He is, of course, better at the Producer's seat, where his work on producing Stuart Gordon's films has been fantastic. <br /> <br /> "The Dentist" is one of his smaller works as an instructor, but the low profile has it for the benefit of film and its lack of predicates makes it a very enjoyable experience. It tells the story of Dr. Alan Feinstone (played excellent by Corbin Bernsen), a successful dentist who one day discovers that his perfect life is not as perfect as he thought when he discovers that his beautiful wife (Linda Hoffman) has an affair with the pool boy. This event disturbs his mind and puts him in a killing spree as he takes revenge on the world to be so "dirty". The pastor is handled very well by Yuzna, as he takes us on a trip after Feinstone's hammock day. What makes this movie different from most slashers is that we are not in the victim's perspective, we follow Feinstone because he is the protagonist. We witness how he goes from a respected professional to a psycho-murder in one day. Yuzna manages to give the film the exact amount of excitement, but adds a good dose of dark humor that really helps the movie. <br /> <br /> Most of the success in the premise is in Bernsen's performance as Feinstone. He can make you feel sympathetic and hate him at the same time, and the subtle humor his character has is another aspect that helps the movie. The rest of the casting is not so good, and I think their sub par actors make the movie more than it should. One notable exception is Ken Foree when the detective tries to capture Feinstone. Although his part is quite small, he does a good job with it. <br /> <br /> A killer dentist is expected to spawn scenes, and Brian Yuzna delivers great SFX in the right amount. It's good to see that he doesn't go over-the-top with what he usually does, and I dare say this is a highlight in the movie. It has the exact amount of gore expected, nothing less and nothing more. Yuzna prevented herself in her joint profits and the result is fantastic. Although this is not among Yuzna's best-known films, I would say that this is one of his best. Sure, it's not classical material like his masterpieces, but it's a movie that entertains and never gets tedious or boring. It's a low-budget simple movie, but for what it is, I think it's rocket. 10.7
