I especially remember this movie when I was a teenager, my best friend told me all about this movie and how it freaked her out like a kid. Of course being the bloodthirsty gal I am, I had to go find this movie. Now I do not know how to put this without losing credibility, so I just want to say, I actually had fun watching this movie! I know it's stupid, not the best story and beyond bloody and cruel, but that's what I was looking for, and the dentist delivers in the scares, blood, sexy and crazy psychopaths. Sometimes I just need a funny movie like this to just lose and get gross out. <br /> <br /> Dr. Alan Feinstone is obsessed with order and cleanliness. On the day of his wedding day, he spies his wife Brooke with sex with their dirty pool man, Matt. In his dental care, Feinstone's first patient of the day is young Jody Saunders, who for his very first dentist. Feinstone starts cleaning Jody's teeth. Everything goes smoothly at first, until he imagines that Jody's teeth are brown and rotten. His dental pick tie, prickly Jody in the gums. Jody's mother fetches her crying bleeding child and goes angry. Feinstone sees her second patient, beauty queen April Reign. In April alone, Feinstone sits her with nitrous oxide, so he can fill a cavity in one of his molars. As she runs into unconsciousness, she imagines that she has turned into her wife. He starts kissing and cuddling her on the dental chair and starts choking her. April starts coughing and half-waking up from the gas. Feinstone snaps out of his trance and quickly re-buttons April's blouse. Feinstone decides to finish the day early and sends his staff and patients home. Later that evening, Brooke meets Feinstone in her practice. He reveals his new Italian opera-themed patient center. He calls on Brooke to try out the room's dental chair. When she does, Feinstone binds her to the chair and prepares her with nitrous oxide. With operative music blaring in the background, he begins to pull Brooke's teeth out. Feinstone has gone out of the deep end and will certainly not let anyone stand in purity. Frankly, as silly as this movie sounds, I've had fun watching the dentist. The best scene undoubtedly is when he teaches the evil IRS agent a lesson in hygiene that I am sure he will never forget. Man, I do not think I have so much thought about the teeth after I have seen the dentist. Yes, I will warn you, this movie is by no means too weak of heart, it is very bloody. There are stabbing, gun shots and just these brutal dental torture scenes that will make your stomach swing. But somehow I just enjoyed this movie, if I ever want a good gorilla movie made for real horror fans, I slip it into my DVD player and it's "tooth" LOL! I'm so funny! Um, yes, I try, give me some credit. <br /> <br /> 7/10
