After witnessing his wife (Linda Hoffman) who engages in sexual acts with the pool girl, the already unstable dentist drills Dr. Feinstone (Corbin Bernsen) totally up, which means deep problems for his patients. <br /> <br /> This lovely semi original and entertaining horror flick from director Brian Yuzna was a welcome change in the pace of the usual horror twaddle sent out in the late 90s. Though the dentist is meant to be a cheesy, funny little movie, Yuzna ensures that the movie delivers the chokes and tensions that many more serious films are trying to deliver. Despite suffering from the lack of background on the key characters, allowing events that should have been built up to take place in a few days, the movie is exciting, generally well scripted and well paced, making it possible for the viewer to maintain interest even during the more ridiculous moments. The "dentist" sometimes suffers from pulling, but unlike the very subordinate 1998 successor, there are only occasional uninteresting moments, and generally the film follows nicely. <br /> <br /> Corbin Bernsen was very convincing in the role of the sadistic, forged and perfectionist Dr. Alan Feinstone. The way Bernsen is able to reliably recite his lines, especially with regard to the gravity and immorality of sex (especially fellatio), is something that is not strange. While many actors may have trouble portraying a purity-watch psycho without coming out like cheesy or ridiculous, Bernsen really seems to care for the personality of the character he is trying to portray, thus making the movie all the more comfortable. Had the dentist not been intended to be a fun, almost comical, horror movie, Bernsen's performance would probably have been much more powerful. Unfortunately, the rest of the cast (including a pre-fame Mark Ruffalo) failed to give very good performances, and although the film wasn't really damaged by this, stronger performances could have added more credibility to the girl. <br /> <The dentist is not a horror movie to be taken seriously, but it is certainly fun, especially (I suppose) for fans of cheesy horror. Those who were annoyed by the number of Scream '(1996) clones from the late 90s may well find this a refreshing change as I did. A rarely boring and generally well-stimulated script, as well as a clever direction, help make the "dentist" one of the more pleasant osteological horrors of the 1990s. In addition, we are presented with some particularly grizly and (in general) realistic scenes of dental torture that will keep most gorehounds happy. Far from perfect but far from bad as well, ?? The dentist is a glimpse that is easily worth seeing at least once. My rating for ?? The dentist '?? 6.5 / 10.
