The main theme of this Dirty Harry is that revenge is a bowl served cold. Sandra Locke is so cold in this movie, as she is beautiful. Locke is usually an "8", but with a deadly gun in his purse, "cocked" for the evil ones, she climbs all the way up to the scale of a "10". After being raped, along with her younger sister some years ago, Locke, like Jennifer Spencer, has tried to block the attack from her life as best she can. Her sister, tho, is almost comatose as a result of the trauma, so memory is never far from her thoughts. One day Jennifer sees one of her attackers on the street in S.F. she buys a gun, follows him to a bar, lets him pick her up, so when they are alone in their Cadillac, begins to love, she shoots him .... once in the genitals, once in the brain - this in the opening scene! ! You must love this spunky lady. She's got her priorities straight. Plus, Jennifer is a professional artist who puts all her anger on canvas so far. After performing her first perk, Jennifer looks curiously at It. Insp. Harry Callahan treats the free crime scene after the body is found in Caddy. Then she insults some creepy teenage bucks who are hacking women in the street, visiting her sister in a nursing home, then going to San Paolo, CA "up the coast" where the rape event took place years ago. With more bullets in her suitcase and more determined in her mind, our heroine relives the rape inside her head with live recall as she approaches to perform each subsequent arbitrator. Not uncommon for us right-wingers, when it comes to judging or performing a violent criminal, do not be carefree for his own miserable humanity, we remember the CRIME and the most difficult he inflicted. Such recalled events steal Jennifer from pulling the trigger on each of her attackers - once in the genitals, once in the brain. Throughout the film, scenes of Jennifer's revenge are consumed with good. IL 'Dirty Harry blows some gangstas in a coffee shop, remember "Go ahead. Do my day." Later, he threatens to step on a punk child (who just offended Callahan) in a courtyard elevator as he would step on the dog ** t .... leaving a young female employee staring for Clint as saying "I want your baby. " My favorite scene is only about 30 minutes in action when Harry threatens and fears a murderous mafia chief named Threlkis in a deadly coronary during his grandson's wedding reception at the Mark Hopkins hotel. Michael Grazzo (Pantangeli in Godfather II) does a wonderful job as the sinful Mafia Don, although he is only in a scene that dies in a most convincing manner. However, Harry's problems are not over yet! Elevator punk gang AND Threlkis henchmen trying to murder Harry in two tight scenes, and most of them bad guys end up dying terribly. Yup, some of the gun-play comes out as uninspired screen violence .... similar to Clint the director may have been tired the day of shooting this movie. But there are only so many ways you can send a man with bullets. The punk children, however, die much more creatively as they both burn to death and drown in S.F. Bay. Warms my heart. With so much violent intention directed at Insp. Callahan, his bosses, sends him to San Paolo to try to get some background on the "22 caliber vasectomy kitten" when Jennifer Spencer's crime is now known, but not before Harry delivers one of his famous sermons-to-chowder-headed - Liberal. Love Harry. While our hero 'annoys the local police and the citizens of San Paolo, two murders happen, the same M.O., on a shabby, lazy fisherman and on an equally eerie hardware entrepreneur. Then Harry meets Jennifer! They find that they both agree on issues such as law and order, make the pay due etc. Can a warm love scene start soon? We make it believe. Signs on the surface of this Real-Man meet Real-Woman crime drama and we will meet a brassy bull-dye named Raye Parkins who is both annoying and entertaining. Raye put Jennifer's rape to her "boyfriend" years before and she will eventually get her. The Chief of Police San Paolo, played by reliable Eastwood co-star Pat Hingle (Hanging Judge in Hang Em High), is strange in contrast to Callahan's detective work on the 22-calling vasectomies until we find out that his own youth's son was one of the gangs of rapes. Much like Jennifer's sister, Chief Janning's son is now a comatose adult, but driven by guilt. However, it cannot end here. Dick's rapist girlfriend, Mick, now a kinky-sex jerk of a criminal, drove in from Vegas becuz Rayes dropped a crown on Jennifer, called him up to San Paolo to prevent more executions. Mick sleeps at Raye's house, but his timing is all wrong and he is arrested before he can spend more time with Raye, mainly because of the fact that she has since been sent to Eternal Lesbos Island by a shot from Jennifer's revolver. Psycho Mick finally makes a bail, with Jennifer gunning for him. A desperate hunt follows as Harry tries to keep these two from killing each other. It turns out well in the end with the good gal and the good guy going into the sunset together for a beautiful Roberta Flack blues song.
