Despite the feelings of most "Star Wars" fans, in my opinion, "Return Of The Jedi" is the largest movie ever created. Ever since the first time I saw it, it's depth, intensity, special effects and moving history have overwhelmed me. The film was so well composed that it has been able to stand the test of time over the last 20 years. Filled with powerful actions, such as the climax of the original trilogy, George Lucas gives us an appalling finish of the Star Wars saga in "Jedi". <br /> <br /> Movie overview (Contains spoilers for those who have not seen it) <br /> <br /> After "Empire Strikes Back" left us hanging for 3 long years, we finally find the end of history in "Return Or The Jedi ". Darth Vader, in emotional turmoil, makes a surprise visit to a new incomplete Death Star to monitor his construction. The emperor is first seen in this movie as he has the ultimate plan to destroy the Rebel Alliance and bring young Luke Skywalker to the Dark Side. Luke, Lando, Leia, Chewie and the Droids all travel to Tatooine to save the frozen Han Solo from the crime Lord; Jabba The Hutt. After being rescued and Jabba defeated, Luke returns to Dagobah to find a dying Yoda, learning the terrible truth; Darth Vader is actually his father. The Rebel Heroes regroup with the Rebel Fleet. Now, along with other species and races, including Mon Calamari, the rebels have to make a whole or no attack plan to destroy Death Star before it is completed. While Lando leads the space attack in the Millennium Falcon, the rebellious heroes have to interrupt the death star shield generator at the Forest Moon of Endor. It is here that the Rebels are on the voluptuous but mighty Ewoks. During the final battle, a third blow must occur when Luke willingly surrenders to Vader in an attempt to convince him to leave the dark side. In emotionally charged sequences, Luke must meet his father when the emperor lures his dark feelings. When young Skywalker is being considered his death in Palpatine's hands, he turns to his evil master to save his son's life. <br /> <br /> Filled with a deep timeless story of good evil, "Return Of The Jedi" is a spectacular, emotional movie that solves the good in all of us.
