When this movie was originally released, it was promoted with the remarkable tagline "Dirty Harry is on it again". Whatever this pitch lacks in originality, it is more than compensated for by complete and total accuracy. "Sudden Impact" retains all the aspects that made the last three Dirty Harry movies so successful - tight pacing, a compelling plot, strong supporting characters, endless gunplay and bone-dry humor. Some of these elements are not only preserved but reinforced - it is easily the darkest, bloodiest and most obvious right part of the franchise. The plot is something exciting: after killing a ridiculous number of hoodlums, the callahan inspector is sent on a forced "vacation" by his superiors to the sleepy seaside town of san paolo. He is tasked with examining the background of a recent assailant shot in the genitals before being knocked out of his (undoubtedly significant) misery by another shot to the head. Early in the film, the audience is made aware of the identity of the killer - an artist named Jennifer Spencer (Sondra Locke) who chases down the bastards who beat violence and her sister at a fun fair some ten years earlier. This incident is shown in a very disturbing feedback whose extracts are repeated before each new murder. As several agencies begin to emerge with the same M.O, it becomes clear to Harry that both the local police chief and his new love interest (guess who?) Knows more than they tell. In order to make the case even more complicated, the one-off raids realize who is chasing them and starting to hit hard. <br /> <br /> "Sudden Impact" offers relentless actions from the beginning to the end. Clint Eastwood instructed this film himself and expert handles a series of pieces that culminate in an exciting climax. Sondra Locke's performance effectively delivers the mix of recklessness and fragility that defines her character. That said, it is reasonable to wonder if another actress (who was not Eastwood's off-screen companion at that time) could have brought more charisma and dramatic weight to the role - Theresa Russell and Cybill Shepherd jumped up as potential candidates. Members of the support aids that significantly exceed their weight include Albert Popwell as Harry's partner Horace, Paul Drake as the psychopathic Mick, and the truly scene-stealing Audrie J. Neenan, depicting the evil Ray Parkin. <br /> <br /> But the movie has some notable issues - some of the parts (the animation between Harry and a gang of twentysomething hoodlums, a Mob vendetta against him) take too much screen time and don't really have any bearing on the bigger story. Their only real use is raising body counts to absurd levels. In the first half of the movie, it seems that Dirty Harry shoots people more often than he needs to use the toilet. However, the movie moves in top gear as it progresses, and the triangular cat-and-mouse game between Callahan, Spencer and her former tormentors is prominent. This second hour makes it clear that a more remote and slightly refocused manuscript would have given the "Sudden Impact" the opportunity to be a first-class, neo noir-style thriller that could have taken the series to new levels but still contained more than enough .44 magnum heroists to satisfy the Harry loyalists. Instead, we get the movie, which Eastwood and Warner Bros would clearly do - an outstandingly accomplished but prototypical 80's action flip which mostly refuses to challenge the intelligence of the intended audience. <br /> <br /> This was by far the biggest gross of the range at the cashier's office and it's not hard to see why. Although not the movie it could have been, it's still great, the release is happy. Even after repeated prospects, it is going to make your day.
