In Don Siegel's 1971 masterpiece "Dirty Harry", Clint Eastwood embodies the super-hard super-cold, unorthodox, no-nonsense cinema cop with his role as the eponymous inspector 'Dirty' Harry Callahan. Two successors followed, the first, "Magnum Force," tame down on the sensationally politically wrong attitude of the first who had confused many critics, but enthusiastically audiences. The second successor, "The Enforcer" was grittier again, and was promoted as "the most fateful Harry of them all". However, this title really belongs to the fourth film in the series, Clint Eastwood's own "Sudden Impact", which is undoubtedly the toughest, nastiest, most violent and fair most beautiful of all Harry's movies and in my humble opinion the second-best for masterpiece original . <br /> <br /> *** Warning! SPOILERS in advance! *** In a small town near San Francisco, a mysterious sexy lady (Sondra Locke) entices men into being alone with her. What these men do not know is that mysterious beauty is their former rape victim, longing for bloody revenge. As fate wants it, San Francisco's toughest policeman, Inspector Dirty Harry Callahan, who has been suspended again to anger his superiors, spends his free time in this exact little town ... "Sudden Impact" is the dirtiest Callahan movie in several aspects. The film is extremely brave and graphically violent. Harry Callahan himself is dirtier than ever. Not afraid to make use of his 44th Magnum to stop problems, treat Harry 'punks' as they should be treated and even allow a person to get away with multiple murders because the assassinations are justified in his opinion. Clint Eastwood is as always brilliant in the role of Harry Callahan. Eastwood epitomizes cooling and bad claims as "Man With No Name" in Sergio Leone's Dollar Trilogy, and he did it again in the Dirty Harry movies. "Sudden Impact" gives us the dirtiest Harry we've ever seen. Eastwood's true girlfriend Sondra Locke fits very well into the ravenous beauty role. The great Pat Hingle, who already worked with Eastwood in Ted Post's brave Western "Hang" Em High in 1986, plays the small town police officer, and features a wide range of truly despicable scumbag characters, including a pathetic criminal who played by Kevin Major Howard (known for his role in Stanley Kubrick's "Full Metal Jacket") and a woman named Ray Perkins (Audrie J. Neenan) undoubtedly one of the most vile and despicable female characters ever in the cinema. played the bank robber in the famous "Do You Feel Lucky?" scene in "Dirty Harry" and the black militant leader in "The Enforcer" is also part of this again, this time as Harry's colleague and friend. "The most cruel, dirty and probably the most violent of all" Dirty Harry "films (though" The Dead Pool "is not just tame) and my next favorites after the brilliant 1971 original. An absolute must-see for Callahan fans, and strong t recommended to all lovers of police thrillers and cinematic bad attacks. My rating: 8.5 / 10
