Clint Eastwood would be the star again as the tired tired detective Harry Callahan, but would also lead the fourth post in the "Dirty Harry" series. "Sudden Impact" again like the other additions, brings its own distinction style and tone, but if it is, it is probably the most similar to the original in darker and seedy moments (and consisted of a classic line "Go ahead, make my day" ) ?? but some of its humor has been seen to believe. A bulldog ?? named meathead that pisses and farts. Oh yeah. But an interesting fact that this post was only one in series not to have it completely set in San Francisco. <br /> <br /> The story follows that detective Callahan tries to put the pieces together on a murder where the victim was shot in the groin and then between the eyes. Having a little trouble with the office companies and causing a tremor that has some crime master thugs after his blood. He is ordered to leave, but it falls into a workplace where he heads to a coastal city of San Paulo, where a murder has occurred in his body (bullet to groin and between his eyes) to his cause. There he begins to dig up dirt, leading to the idea that someone is seeking revenge. To be honest I was not everything that collided hotly on Eastwood's take, but after many repetitions of impressions it had almost grown to me to probably be on par with the first successor 'Magnum Force'. This well-stocked plot actually gives Eastwood another angle to work on (although it feels more like a sophisticated take on the vigilante features that run tremendously at that time), quite literally with some punishment but luridly harmful. It is as if he is experimenting with noir-thriller touching with character-driven traits to help develop the emotionally bubbly and possibly moral framework. His use of images is persistent because of his smoothly horrible atmosphere. Dark tones, brooding lighting ?? Like the scene towards the end, which resembles some western showdown of a silhouette figure (Harry with his new .44 automag gun) moving toward the stunned prey at the fishing port. It's a striking sight that builds fear! Blend of the jokingly cold with sheer brutality and dash of humor. It seemed to come out. A big plus with these movies is the dialogues, while I wouldn't call the 'Sudden Impact' top class, it provides ample biting exchanges and persistently recognized lines ?? "You are a legend in your own mind". Don't you just love hearing Harry kicking a fun twig before pulling out his piece. The striking action when it arises is exciting curly and intense? The only way to go and the pacings fly a little in the way of flat passages. Lalo Schfrin wanted to return as a composer (after "The Enforcer" had Jerry Fielding scoring) with a methodically funky kick that still breathed the bad signals into a textured windy score that clicks on the get-go. Bruce Surtees (an Eastwood regular) gets the job behind the camera (where he did a job with 'Dirty Harry') and gives the film plenty of space by wonderfully hitting the backgrounds in some impeccable tracking scenes, but also instrumental angles within dramatic moments. <br /> <br /> Eastwood as a dinosaur Callahan still packs a blow, goes beyond just the steely glare to get the job done and probably shows a little more heart than would be expected from a younger Callahan. This goes by sudden shift in a plot turn off Harry's quest for justice ?? at the mark, although he does not always agree with it. I just found it odd a real change of heart. Facing him is an amazing achievement of his beau at that time, Sondra Locke Her turn of traumatic plague (being violently raped with her younger sister) is hidden by a smooth silent intensity. When anger is released, it is tactically accurate in the result. Paul Drake is absolutely threatening and filthy as one of the targeted bullies and Audrie J. Neenan nails down for a deterrent scummy and big mouth performance. These people are really a nasty lot of saps. Pat Hingle is robust as head of the small coastal town. In smaller parts, Bradford is Dillman and the decently potent Albert Popwell (a regular in the series 1-4 but under different characters). How can you forget him in 'Dirty Harry'? yes he is a bank robber who is at the end of the trademark quote "Do I feel lucky?" Well, do you, punk? "
