This last entry into the George Lucas STAR WARS movie is often considered the weakest of the party. However, this is not to say that it is a totally worthless entry in the series. On the contrary. Sure, it's not as groundbreaking as its predecessors and a bit more slow at times, but RETURN OF THE JEDI still offers much to justify the admission price. <br /> <br /> The first third of the movie where Luke and his friends save Han from the Jabba Hutt Castle is a classic. Jabba, a truly disgusting blood of soft flesh that speaks in his own language, not only makes a great villain, but also a memorable one. It must have been a nightmare to construct this gigantic puppet, much less give it the spark and life we ​​see in the finished product. In fact, what also makes this sequence fun is the clever use of dolls for the various members of Jabba's court, including the frightening, slave Rancor and scary Sarlaac Pit monster. It builds masterfully on its climax and draws strokes all the time. Things are getting a little slower about the other act where Luke discovers that he and Leia are related to blood, and when we travel to the woods of the Endoret, home to the crushed, but stalwart Ewoks. Most of the complaints about JEDI's return, which I have read, seem to be centered on these frantic beings, somehow disturbing the tone of the saga. I do not quite agree with this, although this moment is probably the game a little longer than it should. But their leader, Wicket (played by Warrick Davis) is a wonderful memorable creation and sees how they handle Imperial Troops' technology with their simple, natural weapon giving a good contrast. <br /> <br /> By the time we get to the third action, but the pace will pick up again as we cross between Ewok's fight against the troops, Lando and Rebel Forces launch an attack against Empire's brand new half-filled Death Star and Luke's last showdown with Darth Vader and the Emperor. The latter binds to the Jabba Palace sequence as the highlight of the movie. Mark Hamill bends his plays again as Luke Skywalker in these scenes and sees him as a fully matured Jedi Knight, giving an unforgettable performance. Also, as iconic as James Earl Jones' voice as Darth Vader, he is only rivaled by the shriveled, crone-like emperor played with Ian McDiarmid's delicious, scary evil. The tension between this trio increases the excitement of this climax moment, which is suitably dark light and heavily emphasized. <br /> <br /> STAR WARS films have always set standards for special effects and the technical work of RETURN OF THE JEDI can easily keep a light on its predecessors. The space struggle is just as exciting as ever, and the speeding bike hunt through the forest is a knockout. Of course, as this movie was made after A NEW HOPE and EMPIRE STRIKES BACK, it may not be so surprising that the special effects have reached an even greater level of expertise. The action is classic STAR WARS fare; Hamill, Harrison Ford and Carrie Fisher are all mature and deeper into their roles, and Anthony Daniels gives more fun moments like C-3PO. Frank Oz's Yoda appears only in two scenes, but he does the most. And yes, there is also John Williams' music. <br /> <br /> All told, while JEDI RETURN falls a little in the middle, delivers the first and third actions in style, making this a rather satisfying finale for one of the greatest sagas ever. <br /> <br /> In 1997, George Lucas reissued the classic STAR WARS in digitally restored (and renewed) "Special Editions" that included added effects and / or shots as well as some enhancements. Of the three, JEDI's return seems to have caused the most dust with STAR WARS fans. Maybe it can be because of the horrible thing if it is fun if you are not so easily offended. "Jedi Rocks" musical number in Jabbas palace, which, while technically amazing, interferes with the film's flow. But I did just like the final assembly scenes, where we see victory parties on the various planets in the galaxy. This DVD version includes even more tweaking - we'll see more montage final scenes (especially on Naboo where we hear what sounds like Jar Jar Binks screams, "Wesa free!"), And in what is probably the most controversial change, Hayden Christensen as Anakin Skywalker Ghost in final stages. Probably because of the intense (and unjust) contempt the fans have for their somewhat appalling work in EPISODE II: ATTACK OF THE CLONES it seems inevitable that fans would put this edition down for it alone. But if you look at the STAR WARS story chronologically (and consider it), the chances are that you might react a little differently. Nevertheless, it's a problem that fans have raised, so it's best to be warned in advance. <br /> <br /> Just as it would be to get Lucas to release the original versions of these three classic films, he still knows what he said about these revamps being the "final" editions of his classic trilogy. And when you watch the STAR WARS movies entirely as a complete saga (as Lucas intends), it is actually sensible to keep them technically and aurally consistent. The original films are always engraved in our memories, but these new incarnations are just as fun if you can give them a chance.
