Director / Star Clint Eastwood's "Sudden Impact" is a fascinating addition to the "Dirty Harry" series - a combination of raw filmmaking and genius. It is mediocre and stupid in parts, brilliant and classic in others, with compelling, poignant pacing. There are many echoes of the first movie here - the shoot'em up "Make my day" scene reminiscent of "Do you feel lucky" one, one of the bad guys is so viscerally contradictory as the first movie Scorpio, an actor who played one little baddie in the first returns as Harry's partner - just to name a few. Harry Callahan is still in conflict with the higher-ups in the department, still meaning, still tough, but now he is older and slimmer. His constant conflicts with his superiors are a metaphor for his inner conflict - a respect and reverence for the law as opposed to a desire to serve the pure spirit of justice, the two things are not always compatible. This "incompatibility" is the underlying theme of the series. The first film asked a simple question: "What about the victim's rights?" - (do they outweigh those from the criminal? vice versa? depends?). The film's response was controversial, demanding a sequel (the very pleasant "Magnum Force") to draw the line between Harry's justice mark and pure, heartless vigilantism. Dirty Harry, like many of Clint's other roles, is the personified revenge, the protection of the defenseless. This film brings it back to the victim, in this case Jennifer (depicted by Sondra Locke), who decides to avenge the rape of herself and her now unpleasant sister by ruthlessly chasing and ritually performing the men (and a woman) who committed the crime. <br /> <br /> Without going into a play-by-play of the whole movie, I would say this - I mentioned earlier that "Sudden Impact" echoes the first movie - the sprinkler actually in a little bit of references and jokes from the whole series (the confusion about the captains' surname is an example - an intentional prank I think). The relationship between Callahan and Jennifer is nice - has our rogue cop heroes found a soulmate in this lady vigilante? And is she a vigilante or a victim rightly standing up for her and her sister's tarnished rights? The exchange between these two at the end of the film is a poetic denouement of the series, which I personally (as a fan) found quite moving. The last scene alone makes the Sudden Impact the legitimate climax of the "Dirty Harry" collection, the perfect answer to the conflict in the first movie. (Not to knock "The Dead Pool" - the excellent movie was a relatively light-hearted thrilling yet comical thriller with Harry Callahan instead of a character-like movie like this). This movie did well in the theaters - the audience in the Reagan era found Harry and his ilk quite appealing, and the president himself often quoted "Go ahead, make my day".
