It is a strange thing to see a movie where some scenes seem rather weak (if only in comparison with other films in its heritage), and others in an "under-plot" or supporting story are surprisingly provocative and powerful. Sudden consequences are one of the cases where Clint Eastwood as star / producer / instructor shows when he can be at his best or by his landlord of times when dealing with a crime / mystery / detective story in his Dirty Harry fame. We get it as "make my day" line and un-like in the first movie, where his "feel lucky" speech was playful and cool the first time and the second time in the end hard as nails, here it is the shift. He enters another shame with the department as usual when he tries to fight crime 'his' way, especially with a dinner robbery (inspiration for Pulp Fiction?) And with high-speed training with a senior bus. He was told to "take a vacation" and that is the last thing he thinks about. The whole main figure is not very convincing except for the expectation of the story and the lines, which simply increases the frustration. But soon his story goes along with the subset that Eastwood is developing from the start. Enter Sandra Locke's character, Jennifer Spencer, as we soon learn by some (appropriate) mysterious scenes that she and her shy sister were the victims of a cruel, unfair sexual assault (error, direct rape) and are elegant, undercover-like, raising . Her scenes and history are the strongest parts of the movie, the most intense, and finally, when it enters Callahan's story (he gets the facts in the same little town she's on a murder), the movie finally finds focus between Eastwood's classic form of clearly defined good vs evil (though sometimes blurred) to be safe). Eastwood movie flashbacks, not to say too much about them, academically, in a fresh, experimental style; The Lalo Schifrin score is completely atmospheric in these scenes and in others. It almost looks as if a couple of times, an artificial sensibility has pushed into Eastwood's perfectly straightforward narrative style, which helps make the film visible. After all, it's a shame that eventually the expected (or perhaps not expected) points go and until the third act Callahan doesn't have much to do except his usual 'it's smith ... Wesson ... and I 'shtick. But with Locke he gets out of her a very good performance (more subtle and touching than the one in Gauntlet) and an exciting climax at an amusement park. Somehow I do and do not agree with Ebert's remark that it is like a "music video" in Eastwood's style here. I admit there are comparisons with the simplicity of both, the directness, but scenes where Eastwood breaks form are better than those of any music video. It's cheesy, it's hard-edged, it's not on par with the first two 'Harry' pictures, but hey, there could be worse ways to spend a few hours with the champion .44.
