After "Star Wars: A New Hope" redefined science fiction and "The Empire Strikes Back" redefined "Star Wars", it is hard to believe that the third and final movie in this trilogy can be as good as the other two But this really does a good job. The first part of the movie solves the cliffhanger left by the previous one, with an elaborate escape plan consistent with the incredible excitement and action of the first two movies. Then the film moves back to the rebel alliance and what's going on in the war. There are a lot of actions in the scenes up to the last rebel confrontation with the emperor. When the match begins, the audience is already at the edge of their seats from everything leading up to it, and the last match is even more intense than those from the other movies. This climax is definitely closer to action than any other part of the trilogy, with the most at stake for rebellion. This is constantly changing between a land struggle between the rebel strike crew on land (including Han Solo, Chewbacca, and Leia), the battle strikes in space (including Lando) and a confrontation between Luke and the emperor on the new death star leading up to another duel with Darth Vader. It is really intense as the rebels constantly seem to be losing the battle, which determines the outcome of the war, and there seems to be no escape. Although I think the idea of ​​Ewok's overwhelming storm troopers is a little removed, it did not seem very unrealistic, as they were more of a distraction that the rebels could use, rather than an actual threat to the storm troops, even though they had some luck and good luck with them. There is also a twist or two at the end, which no one saw coming, which may not be as great as "The Empire Strikes Back", but still completes a very spectacular trilogy very well. With the bright tone of "A New Hope" and the more sinister tone of "The Empire Strikes Back", this film truly completes them by combining the two in this grand finale. The special edition for "Return of the Jedi" concentrated on what would have been nice to change, as not much of the original really needed it. Fifteen years of technological progress did not appear to be fifteen years of deterioration in the rancor scene, and there are still occasional disappearances of the TIE fighter, but apart from that, it was good. The yawning, non-threatening Sarlaac's mouth was given moving tentacles and a large fly-flying head that arose, which certainly added the excitement. In addition, the disco was taken out of the Jabbas palace, and the original end of the original was replaced by a great victory festival spanning the entire galaxy, rather than just a small Ewok village, which was the case with the original, and it did not really finish a story as big as it deserved. It's hard to say which of the three movies was the best, but since it's all part of the same story, it's all over the trilogy as a great, great movie. A third must watch for movie fans.
