The Vigilante has long had a fascination with the public, inasmuch as it evokes a sense of quick and safe justice; good triumphs over evil and the bad guy gets his deserts. It's actually one of the things that made the character of Dirty Harry Callahan (as played by Clint Eastwood) so popular. He carries a badge and works within the law, but at heart, Harry is a vigilante who measures his fair manner, which often conflicts with his own superiors as well as the criminals he pursues. But that's what draws the audience; Anyone who has ever been buried in bureaucratic nonsense of one kind or another, wants to see someone cut through the bureaucracy and continue with it - even if it is only on the screen. And the satisfaction that is derived from seeing justice done - and quickly - is one of the elements that make 'Sudden Impact' target Eastwood. In this one, the fourth of the series, while working on a murder, meets a bona fide vigilante at work - a person whose justice parameters are parallel to his own, with one exception: whoever he is, he has absolutely no badge. <br /> <br /> In its own way, Inspector Callahan has once again ended up on the bad side of the department and is ordered to take some vacation. Then he does what only "Dirty Harry" can do. In a small town north of San Francisco, he finds himself in the middle of a murder case, which he quickly attaches to a recent murder in San Francisco because of the unique M.O. employed by the offender. Unacceptably, Harry meets opposition from the local police chief, Jannings (Pat Hingle), who advises him to take his metropolitan tactics and practices elsewhere. Not a dismissal, Harry continues his investigation, which ultimately involves a beautiful and talented young artist, Jennifer Spencer (Sondra Locke). Gradually, Harry discovers a link between the victims; The burning question, however, is where does Jennifer Spencer fit into the picture? <br /> <br /> Eastwood is in top form here, both in front of and behind the camera, and it is undoubtedly the second best of the five movie series, just behind the original "Dirty Harry". It was seven years since last Harry's offer (The Enforcer, 1976), but Eastwood goes straight back into the character with facility and renewed power. And this one has the advantage of having him in the chair of the director, as he is able to regain the essence of not only his own character, but the "spirit" that made these films so successful and he knows it the territory and the establishment of a continuity, which does not erase at all the seven-year intervals 3 and 4. As with all the films he instructs, Eastwood sets a deliberate pace that works perfectly for this material and creates just enough tension to keep it interesting and involves beginning from the beginning. The play, by Joseph Stinson, is well-written and formulated for the distinctive "Dirty Harry" style; The dialogue is snappy and the story itself (devised by Charles B. Pierce and Earl E. Smith) is the most engaging since the original "Dirty Harry", as it successfully strives to play on the very personal aspects of the drama, rather than totally on the action. The characters are well-drawn and convincing, and that is, of course, the movie that gave us one of Harry's best catches: "Go ahead, make my day ..." <br /> <br /> As Harry, Clint Eastwood designs perfect all the elements that make this character so popular: He lives on a personal moral code, a true individual made from the kinds of things we imagine as to the pioneers who settled in this country and made America it is today. Harry personifies the sense of freedom and justice we all strive for and dear, possibly more so today than ever before. No matter who we are or where we come from, some of us are unthinkable who want to be Harry or at least have him around. `Dirty Harry 'is an icon in the cinema and it is impossible to imagine anyone, but Eastwood portrays him; For better or worse, Eastwood `is' Dirty Harry, no doubt, as Sean Connery is James Bond and Basil Rathbone, Sherlock Holmes. <br /> <br /> Sondra Locke is quite effective here in the role of Jennifer Spencer, a young woman forged and out of revenge, or as she sees it, "justice". She manages to laced a hard-capped provision with vulnerability to her character, with a compelling, introspective approach far beyond what is typical of the "action" genre. Even during the violence, Locke focuses on Jennifer and the traumatic events that have brought her to this stage of her life. Her portrayal is a perfect complement to Eastwood's Harry, and, in philosophy and deed, becomes some of his counterpart. <br /> <br /> In the role, two performances support: Paul Drake, like Mick, creates the best "psycho" since Andy Robinson's dynamic depiction of the serial killer in the original "Dirty Harry". With actually very limited screen time, Drake establishes a truly disturbing presence that is trustworthy and convincing, increasing the public's visceral response. It's the guy you can't wait to see, Harry takes care of in the end. Also effective is Audrie J. Neenan, who makes her character, Ray Parkins, the epitome of the proverbial "low life" that can be found in any bar of any city. It is a performance that evokes a gut-level response, and it greatly adds credibility to the movie, helping to provide the necessary realism. <br /> <br /> Support support includes Albert Popwell (Horace), Mark Kevloun (Bennett) and Nancy Parsons (Mrs. Kruger). With a perfect blend of drama and action, "Sudden Impact" provides justice that is a satisfying deadline from reality; the perfect justice in a not-so-perfect world that provides a satisfying movie experience. 10.9.
