Who says zombies can't be transformed into useful members of society? Certainly not the creators of "Fido" who take us to a never-land version of the 1950s, where the undead have been transformed into butlers and servants of the emerging middle class. Timmy Robinson is the all-American boy who becomes emotionally attached to the family's new full-time domestic - a newly revived zombie, whom Timmy has lovingly called Fido. All of this has been made possible by Zomcom, a big-brother-type organization that has found its way to making the zombies (who were originally brought to "life" by radiation from outer space) manageable and docile - at least most of the time . <br /> <br /> This twisted modern spin on the television series "Lassie" - it could easily have been justified "A Boy and His Zombie" - blurs satirical swipes on such pre-60s worries as obsessive social conformity (here the maintenance of Joneses means having more zombie servants than people's next door), the sterility of suburban life, corporate control of civil affairs, small town corruption, and nuclear family values ​​- all played out in a beautifully designed party setting - colored houses and immaculately manicured lawns. The movie does not hit the audience over its head with its message, nor does it engage in endless hyperbole to generate laughs. Instead, this is a low key, subtle little satire that evokes grateful chuckles instead of full belt guffaws. Much of the humor is a result of the discrepancy between the silence of the attitude and the cavalry attitude to death demonstrated by the fine citizens of society (Life Magazine has been replaced with a magazine entitled Death Magazine). Despite a physical graphic violence, the film remains true to the spirit of innocence, which we generally associate with both the 1950s and the cheesy low-budget horror films that were so much a part of the pop culture scene in that decade. <Br /> <br /> K'Sun Ray, Carrie-Ann Moss and Dylan Baker are gracious and appealing as the broad eyes of Timmy and his Cleaver-esquire parents (with slightly eerie undertones), while Billy Connolly performs the almost impossible task that which brings a great deal of humanity and the depth to the role of a resurrected body. <br /> <br /> This is what "Lassie" might have had, Timmy's best friend had been hit by rabies.
