In the immortal "Shaun of the Dead" we are introduced to a London where the slackers and the tall and mighty boats are forced to fight for carnivorous, revived equations of their friends and family. At the end of the film it is suggested that the zombies be made harmless and used as cheap labor. "Fido" presents us with an epilogue to "Shaun", set in the 1950s America, in a hilarious witty and original "what-if ...?" the movie. <br /> <br /> The movie is set post-zombie apocalypse for a change; After the Zombie Wars horror, the ZomCon company and their patented zombie collars made the bulbs as light as lambs. Every city in the world is fenced off from the wild zone, the early fertile landscape torn by the surviving zombies and floods from the apocalyptic wars. The idyllic town of Willard is your typical, pristine 50's suburbs, with a slight difference; social status is measured by a family's amount of tampered zombies. Unfortunately, the Robinson family has no zombies because of their patriarch, Bill's, fear of the revived dead. Timmy Robinson and his mother, Helen, both suffer under the pressure of the suburbs until the day Helen buys a zombie earns in a desperate attempt to impress the neighbors. Zombie serves Timmy's love as he saves him from a couple of violent mobs, and the two form a band to compete with the classic boy-and-his-dog cliché ... a boy and his zombie. Timmy names his "pet" Fido and he soon becomes a help to both Timmy and Helen to escape the prison-like routine Bill has put them in. But when Fido's domestication collar goes on the fritz and he devours the older wife Henderson, Robinson's must include their connection to the sudden wild zombie epidemic and still manage to keep their beloved Fido. A movie whose sharp white and satirical gore carries it as much as its all-star cast (including "Matrix's Carrie-Anne Moss like Helen Robinson and Billy Connelly as Fido)," Fido "is a zom-com in many With some slightly twisted subplots - for example, the sweet and disturbing emotions that Helen and Fido start to have - and an exciting commentary on the 50's suburbs and zombie genre, the movie manages to produce the worst (and the best) in its characters while still allowing them to fit them. <br /> <br /> "Fido" is by far the best dark comedy I've ever seen, one of the best movies I've seen for a long time and the best zom-com since the incredible "Shaun of the Dead".
