In an alternative 1950, when an outbreak of undead (caused by a mysterious space dust) has been contained using special electronic collars, a young lonely, Timmy, finds a friend in Fido (Billy Connelly), his newly acquired domesticated zombie family. Fido quickly becomes a surrogate father to Timmy whose real father is unable to adequately express his love for his son (or for his busy wife played by the beautiful Carrie-Anne Moss) who has been psychologically frightened as a child ( when he was forced to shoot his own father, who was trying to eat him!). Timmy runs into a nuisance of disturbances when his pointed palms collar goes on, and he attacks and kills an older neighbor. With the authorities on the Fido's trail, trouble brewing with a couple of local mobsters, and his mother forming a band with their undead housekeeping, Timmy will be able to stick to her new, found friend? <br /> <br /> A refreshing take on the whole zombie schtick, Fido is a thoroughly entertaining, delicious dark comedy that should appeal to everyone with a slightly twisted sense of humor. Taking the Romero zombie verse and transplanting it to the 1950s, the little reconstruction America is a brilliant stroke, and the result is simply one of the most original films to tackle the whole revived dead theme I've seen. <br /> <Connelly's Fido is a cinematic zombie worth involving in the Undead Movie Hall of Fame, along with Day Of The Dead's Bub, and Return Of The Living Dead's Tarman; It's not often I feel empathy for a corpse, but The Big Yin's performance is so fine that I actually found myself rooting for the big blue bag of pus! The rest of the casting also gives commendable performances, with young K'Sun Ray (like Timmy) and Ms.Moss deserving special mentions Ray, because for such a young he puts a specially secured trip and Moss because she is so bloody yummy! <br /> <br /> This is the third zombie movie I've seen this week (the others are the somewhat disappointing Planet Terror and the pretty funny Flight Of The Living Dead), and to my surprise, it's also the best. Director Andrew Currie has given fans of the genre something really original to treasure and is a talent to be seen in the future. 8.5 out of 10, rounded up to 9 for IMDb.
