OK, I didn't know what to expect when I saw the cover of Fido, honestly when I came across it in the video store, I was tempted to rent this movie but nothing about it really took me my attention. But when I look around in Netflix, they advertised like crazy if I liked "goofy" scary movies, so I figured just giving it a shot. I'm so glad I watched it, it was just a great movie, it was absolutely fun and so charming to watch. As I said, Pleasantville meets the Night of Living Dead, it's just a good concept, what happens after a mega zombie attack? As we see in another zombie comedy, Shaun of the Dead, they have fun by making the zombies back as "practical" citizens. This is a very overlooked horror / comedy movie, I think many people were just as gone with Shaun of the Dead that this got started. But it's a great story, and the casting was perfect and made it a really fun movie. In a 1950's alternative universe, where radiation from space has turned the dead into zombies. This radiation still plagues humanity, as all those who die after the original pollution become undead. To continue living normal lives, communities are fenced in with the help of a governing company called Zomcon. Zomcon provides collars with accompanying remote controls to control the zombies' hunger for meat to use as slaves or servants. In the town of Willard, a wife, Helen, buys a zombie despite her husband Bill's zombie phobia. Their son, Timmy, turns to zombie and names him "Fido". One day, Fido's collar dies and he kills their neighbor who turns into a zombie. Timmy "kills" the zombie neighbor. When a couple of local bullies are blamed for the missing neighbor, they catch Fido and Timmy. Helen comes and saves Timmy and Fido from the bullies and they try to forget it all. Several days later, the neighbor's body was found, and the murder is traced back to Fido, taken away to Zomcon, where the public is told he will be destroyed. Timmy learns through a friend that Fido simply works in a factory at Zomcon. Timmy sets out to save him with the help of his neighbor with a zombie girlfriend hoping to get Fido back. <br /> <br /> I really recommend this movie if you get the chance to see it, it's so silly but very fun. Billy Connelly did a good job as Fido and really brought, no saying intent, much life in the character. I think the scene that made me laugh most was when Timmy should bury the old lady whom Fido attacked and killed, his last word to her was so much fun, "you weren't really nice, but You liked flowers, then? "and he buries her in the garden. Not to mention the neighbor with zombie girlfriend, sick, disruptive, wrong, but classic laughs. I still love how, even though it's like the Leave It To Beaver esquire type of the world, there's still a lot going on in the movie. So if you have a chance to see Fido, take it, I promise some good laughs. <br /> <br /> 9/10
