As soon as I heard about this movie, I knew I had to check it out. Well, when I heard about it, I found the trailer. Then it was when I knew I had to see it. And I'm so glad I did. Want to see classic television mixed with zombies? None? So get lost. <br /> <br /> FIDO is a movie unlike anything I've ever seen. Well, it's actually kind of. It's a bit like a Lassie episode and a zombie movie. Although combined, it feels brand new and original. FIDO is about a little boy named Timmy and his new pet Fido. Now this new pet is not a squawking parakeet or any potty-trained puppy. It's a recycled dead guy ... a zombie. A large radiation moon swallowed the Earth, which led to all the dead rises that followed Zombie Wars. Although Genin Reinhold Giger, a leading scientist in ZomCon, he discovered that if you destroy the brain, the zombie will disappear and thus give us the edge and the gain of the Zombie War. Although due to prolonged radiation, the one who dies is a zombie. This can be a problem especially with the elderly. Although Zomcom resumes with several breakthroughs, especially with the Domestication Collar. The demands stop the zombie's need for human meat and therefore make it harmless as domestic animals. But not everything is perfect in this Zombie Utopia, collar breaks, old people die and .... well, I just want to let you see this incredibly unique flick. <br /> <br /> FIDO is a great idea that is brought to the fruit. With an all-star cast, and fantastic writing, FIDO rises most in the comedy / horror genre. There are lots of fun and original situations that really entertained me. Although I watched the movie, I personally think the movie would have been better in black and white. In less than 90 minutes, the film does not go too long and moves from stage to stage at a good price. It will probably end up being a cult classic of battles as it is not really a laughing loud comedy or even a horror movie. It is a comedy / family / zombie film immersed in the 1950's atmosphere. If you thought anything, I said here, was interesting for every part, so try this movie out. But if you're still on the fence, swing your leg back and stay there. 8.5 out of 10
