When it comes to creating a universe, George Lucas is the undisputed master, and his final Star Wars movie is very, very good (and more appropriately rated against the two previous films in the original story). Recently, Revenge of the Sith really puts this movie into perspective. The final battle seems even more climatic, knowing what Anakin Skywalker went through on the Emperor's manipulative hands. It also makes the final fight between Luke and Vader more bitter considering the love he felt for Padmé and the love she felt for her children. In fact, while the new films (especially episode II) are inferior to the original films, they are only good for a single reason. They make the old movies work even better. Mark Hamill does an unusual job in this movie. He really brings the changes that Luke has gone through seem genuine. In all fairness, I think he should have become a great actor based on these movies because he really does a good job. Harrison Ford is still good. However, you may feel that he has made Raiders and Blade Runner between the last two chapters of Star Wars because he seems to have grown a lot. He adds more comedy (of course inspired by Raiders) to the character that seems brilliant. In short, Han Solo is better than ever. Carrie Fisher was never really a good actress, but she does a decent job and is certainly acceptable. Ian McDiarmid appears in this movie, and after seeing Episode III, I can safely say that he is one of the most successful villains ever. James Earl Jones is still voting for Vader, and he is still very, very good. <br /> <br /> As to how the movie looks pretty sure to say that the Star Wars universe looks better than in any of the previous (two) films, but it was always Lucas' past, so it is really to be expected. The final battle over Endor is very well made both with regard to the general effects and the range. It was also a good strike that Lucas decided to get three matches in place while adding it to the overall excitement of the climax. <br /> <br /> The only thing I feel is pulling the movie down from an otherwise deserved 9 is Ewoks. These little creatures are so annoying that they almost destroy every scene they are in. In addition, I think it's a bit kiddy when a group of teddy bears and arrows can defeat a squadron of Storm Troopers with laser guns and mighty machines. <All in all The return of Jedi is a very good movie, but the fact that Richard Marquand is a less-accomplished director than Irvin Kershner makes the overall feeling of the movie less than brilliant. George's stupid decision to add Ewoks to the universe also makes the film lack gloss. <br /> <br /> 8/10
