A year ago I watched the TV news, as a story was broadcast about a zombie film filmed in my area. Since then, I have paid particular attention to this film called 'Fido' when it finished production and began playing at festivals. Two weeks ago, Fido began playing in my local theater. And just yesterday I read a newspaper article that said Fido did not attract the audience in the limited release, except for our local theater. In fact, here is how to extract all other shows at The Paramount Theater, including 300. Of course, this is sensible, as many locals will see their city on the screen or roam around in zombie makeup. And for other locals who haven't seen Fido yet, but are considering it, I can say that there are many pictures on the screen, from school to city park to the forbidden zone that you want to recognize. In fact, they make the Okanagan Valley look beautiful. It's really beautiful landscape in a zombie movie! But Fido himself is a very good movie. Yes, despite its shortcomings, it is better since most of the other 20 movies play in my local market. Fido is best described as an episode of Lassie, where collie has been replaced by a member of the undead. This is a smart premise. And the film even goes on by taking advantage of the 1950s emphasizing the consistency and playing of the Cold War Paranoia that led to McCarthyism. In addition, it builds on the idea that zombies can be emptied or trained, as George Romero first introduced in Day Of The Dead. <br /> <br /> K'Sun Ray plays a little town boy whose mother (Carrie-Ann Moss) longs for a zombie servant so she can be like all the other wives on her block. However, his father (Dylan Baker) is against the idea when he once had to kill his own "zombie father". Eventually, the family acquires a zombie named 'Fido' (played by Billy Connolly) and adapts to the life of the undead. Billy Connolly was inspired cast. He is able to convey Fido's confusion, longing, hatred and loyalty through only his eyes, timber cap and grunts. Connolly shows that he can play undervalued characters better than his outrageous comic. This is his best role since Mrs. Brown. <br /> <br /> Fido follows in the footsteps of other recent zomcoms like Shawn Of The Dead and Zombie Honeymoon. Being a person who appreciates Bruce Campbell and Misty Mundae movies more than Eli Roth and Jigsaw them, I prefer humor to do in my horror. However, I understand the criticism of the horror fans who feel that there is not enough 'adultery' in Fido. Still, I am sure that the patients viewers will be rewarded by the gentle humor films. The film breaks down in its third act. It's as if the authors were so wrapped up in the sweet premise of domesticated zombies in the 1950s, they forgot the story arch. But considering my interest in horror comedies and my understanding of seeing the neighborhood on the screen, I rate Fido 9 out of 10.
