I suppose the ultimate curse of joining the Toronto Film Festival is your release database that is being posted. Frankly, I'm just glad Fido was downloaded for US distribution. In any case ... <br /> <br /> Have you ever seen Shaun of the Dead? Well. What about Lassie? Is it possible to unite the two? Well, if you can your name can be Andrew Currie, Canadian helmets of the first ever family themed zombie comedy, or zomedy. (Seriously, that's what the press book in Toronto called it.) Although it's not as violent, dry or British as Shaun of the Dead, Fido is still true to its roots: a devotion to the old 50's black and white television, including both Lassie and infamous sci-fi pulp pumped out during the period. <br /> <br /> Fido's talented headliners (Carrie Anne Moss, Billy Connelly, Dylan Baker and Tim Blake Nelson) stand as a testament to the splendor of manuscripts. The film explores all the consequences of its premise: a world where zombies have been transformed into servants because of their sheer number due to a strange accident. What will you use for your new undead earner? A butler? Manual work? A pet? Indescribable actions? Fido tackles all of these opportunities in a sweet and surprisingly nice way, thanks to Connelly's work (as one of the mentioned zombies) and the young television actor K'Sun Ray, who sometimes seems to be a better young Elijah Wood than young Elijah Wood was. <br /> <br /> If you expect another Shaun of the Dead, don't waste your time. There is not nearly enough to do and poke at the genre to satisfy you, and you just want to leave the theater bitterly and depressed. But if you are willing to look at what happens to Shaun of the Dead when it skips the lake, you are in the goodies. Think of Fido as the sensitive, more often-beaten little brother of Shaun of the Deads rebellious loser and you begin to get the operation. If you like (or at least tolerate) zombies, small children and lots of deadpan satire, the Fido movie is for you. If that's not the case .... Now you know the drill. You just hit them between the eyes.
