Long ago, in a galaxy far far away ..... There was a boy who was only two years old when the original "Star Wars" movie was released. He can't remember first watching the movie, but he also doesn't remember life before that. He remembers the first "Star Wars" theme gift he got ... a shoe box full of action characters from the original set. He was too young to fully appreciate how special that gift would be. But years later, he would get what this day goes down as one of the best gifts he has ever received: another box full of action figures, ten of the last twelve he needed to complete his collection. It is now legendary in this boy's family how the last action speech he needed, Anakin Skywalker, stopped being produced and carried in stores, and how this boy went for about ten years (until he entered college) trying to track down one and finally bought it from someone on his college floor for a bag of beer nuggets (don't ask ... it's a Northern Illinois University thing). <br /> <br /> I can't go through Star Wars as a movie. It represents absolutely everything good, fun and magical about my childhood. There is no separation of it in my mind from Christianity, birthdays, summers and winters growing up. In the winter my friends and I wanted to build snowdrifts and pretend we were on Hoth (I was always Han Solo). My friends' father built them a kick-ass wooden house, and it served as the Ewok village. They also had a large pine tree whose lower branches were high enough to create a kind of hole beneath it, and it made a great place to pretend we were in Yoda's home. I am extremely daring when it comes to "Star Wars" and I think people either just understand it or they don't. I don't get the appeal of "Lord of the Rings" or "Star Trek", but I understand the fierce flocks of fans who follow them because I'm a refined fan of George Lucas's movie. <br /> <br /> I don't have to defend my opinion of these movies as some of the greatest of all time. Every time I put them in the DVD player, I feel like eight years old when life was simple and the biggest problem I had was figuring out how to track a figure of Anakin Skywalker. <Br /> <br /> Degree (for the whole trilogy): A +
