Perspective is a good thing. Since the release of "Star Wars Episode I: Phantom Menace", claims and counterclaims on how Episode II and III will enable, the spotlight has been removed from the "original" Star Wars movies, making them a coherent whole, rather than separating the older and new films into separate trilogies. What the new movies have done is that new perspectives can be placed on the older films. This new perspective allows us to understand more widely what has often been considered the weakest of the original trilogy: "Return of the Jedi". ROTJ is often as strong as the original and only slightly less impressive than the almost perfect "The Empire Strikes Back". In fact, the "cute" element of ROTJ, Ewoks, is still a weak link throughout the series. Did George Lucas give the furry midgets in the movie solely for merchandising opportunities? Only he can answer that question. <br /> <br /> This sweet factor aside is the film a brilliant full circle AND the evolution of the saga. After Luke Skywalker (Mark Hamill) accompanying his rebellious alliance friends to Tatooine, his home plane, to save Han Solo (Harrison Ford), the rumpirate was beaten to Rebel Hero, who was caught by Jabba Hutt for overdue debts. <br /> <br /> Skywalker is a changed man when he left Tatooine with Ben 'Obi Wan' Kenobi (Alec Guiness) to fight the evil empire. Now everything wrapped in black, Luke's discovery of his origin has left him confused and torn. His psychological makeup is not as strong as his outer appearance would suggest. While perhaps aiming to always help his rebellious friends, he longs for another chance to confront the evil Darth Vader again, despite his uncertainty as to whether he will destroy him or eventually turn to the dark side and join the emperor. Early stages in Tatooine are impressive, from Jabba's lair, to his floating palace and the "almighty Sarlac" - an intensity that lives in the sand. In fact, Lucas' CGI improvements to the film in 1997 actually worsened Sarcet's overall impact, making it look fake and exaggerated. <br /> <br /> The fighting scene at Tatooine is excellent and is one of the more memorable of the story. Luke almost unilaterally anihiliates Jabba and his companions, showing his skill as a Jedi is now almost complete. When Luke returns to the Degobah system to visit the scary Yoda again, the viewer is struck down by Yoda's distinct host period deficiency. Yoda is undoubtedly the star of "The Empire Strikes Back", but has been left out of the story, as the progress of Luke's fate is being played on the screen. ROTJ is really Luke's movie, perhaps even more than the original one. His journey carries the film as he moves closer to his confrontation with Darth Vader and his destiny. The other Rebel characters work safely in their shadow. The romance between Leia (Carrie Fisher) and Solo is anything but non-existent, unlike in "Empire". In fact, only Leia's character is developed in ROTJ. Solo's character seems to fade as his personality's facets have become too familiar in the first two films. <br /> <br /> Their roles are shipped to work with the rebels to destroy a whole new death star approaching completion. This time, the emperor himself monitors the final stages of the construction. The Empire intends to pamper rebellion once and for all while the Emperor himself plans to bring the now powerful Skywalker to his side to work with (or replace?) Darth Vader. The emperor is another kind of evil for this movie, less cunning than governor Tarkin (Peter Cushing) from "Star Wars", deeper psychologically darker than anything else. Played brilliantly by Ian McDiarmid, the emperor is just one of the characters you love to hate. <br /> <br /> All the other actors are well-grounded in their roles. Hamill surprises as the more wise Luke makes his character progress from whiny teen, impatient pupil to enlightened warrior one of the few real character developments in the series. Ford's role is warringly thin when all his charm and charisma were used in the first two movies - he was the right star in the first movie. Fisher's Leia is more of a stuff, at least at the end of the movie, where she learns about herself that she was never sure ... Add to favorites like Alec Guiness like Kenobi, Yoda and the lovable Chewbacca, C-3PO and R2D2 and the series look like a family more than a throw. <br /> <br /> In spite of the film's corny forest struggle involving Ewoks and Empire, it finishes well and includes a three-way battle sequence: on Endor, in space and on Death Star, each with very impressive special effects. The music is as always brilliant and captures the mood perfectly in all cases. Like "Blue Danube" worked perfectly for "2001: A Space Odyssey", John Williams' score is just as much a part of "Star Wars" folklore as Light Saber and Force. <br /> <br /> Lucas left the end open for interpretation, meaning there could have been more episodes made. In fact, sci-fi fans have created their own versions of episodes VII, VIII and IX in their heads over and over. ROTJ works when a chance is given, and freaky cute animals aside are a good finish to the series. <br /> <br /> When all six episodes come together, this story can be the best ever made. Is it already? The addition of episode I changed the series landscape. That's why "Return of the Jedi" can now be seen in another light and get a whole new appreciation almost 20 years after its release.
