If you like horror movies with lots of blood and do, lots of jump-scary moments and unrelenting, escalating scenes of tireless death, then look elsewhere. If you like quiet, moody, thought-provoking horror that throws blood aside for a true sense of fear, then Wendigo is for you. <br /> <br /> Thoughtful, stressed out George, his psychoanalyst wife Kim, and their young son Miles go out to the snow-covered landscape for a long weekend break away from the city. On the way up, George hits a deer with his car. The hunters who had pursued the deer are not thrilled when they find out that George has completed their hunt. In particular, the regular hunter Otis takes it personally. He follows the family of their vacation home and makes sure they see him. He spies on George and Kim when they have sex. He burns through their windows with his rifle when not at home, so they discover the vicious holes in their windows and walls when they return. When Kim takes Miles to the pharmacy in town, Miles is attracted to a small sculpture in a display case, carved to resemble a man with the head of a deer. An Indian man tells Miles that this is Wendigo, a spirit of the forest that has a taste for meat and is always hungry. Miles takes the figure home with him, already haunted by the deer's death the day before. That afternoon, when he and his father dragged, George's shot, and Miles pursued through the woods of a creature barely glinted ... or is he just in shock and imagining it all? Hours later, George rushes to the hospital, and Miles, who still collides with his statue, either fails, dreams, or goes on a vision quest where Wendigo returns. This time, it is angry, meat that eats god - partial tree, sub-tag and partman - in search of Otis, who has finally crossed the edge. <br /> <br /> Wendigo is a beautifully made film, almost completely silent, but for the wind howling through the snow-covered trees. Okay, so the monster itself is a little fake look, but it's a little mistake that more than consists of the true sense of excitement and fear that creeps through all the frames of the movie and the silent background of the silent, snowy landscape. The show is great, especially by Jake Weber as the moody and thought-provoking George and Patricia Clarkson as his sweet but no-nonsense wife. They are a good couple with their share of common problems, and it is the strength of their relationship and their love for each other that makes this movie powerful. Watching this movie is often like watching other people's home movies, so realistic is the performance. <br /> <br /> This movie is not for everyone. A lot of people can find themselves completely bored and waiting for the hideous Lovecraftian Beast and bloody revenge that never comes. We can never be sure if Wendigo itself exists, as it is through the eyes of a sensitive child and also later through the eyes of a madman. This is more of a psychological drama than a horror movie, but it has more than enough creepy elements to satisfy fans of subtle horror.
