Kim (Patricia Clarkson), George (Jake Weber) and son Miles (Erik Per Sullivan) are on their way to the country for winter weekend migration from Manhattan's busy city. Along the way, they hit a buck and got stuck in the snow. A group of hunters who track buck came together. Instead of helping, at least one of the hunters, Otis (John Speredakos), is angry because of the accident that broke the buck's antlers. George, Kim and Miles are disturbed by Otis, and even worse, we quickly learn that Otis has learned where they live. Meanwhile, Miles gets a wendigo (a kind of Indian shifting spirit / monster) the token of an Indian that he has only seen. Is Otis a Psycho to Get Our Heroes? Is there wendigos in the forest? <br /> <br /> I can see where Wendigo would have a number of issues that attract viewers. It is a relatively low budget film, with technical constraints that often appear throughout. Much of the movie, and perhaps all that, is not just about the titular being. And maybe the fatal blow for many people, it has a very ambiguous conclusion, with a number of questions left unanswered. If you are discouraged by such closures and you don't like movies that are meant to make you think about and discuss what everything meant, do yourself a favor and avoid the Wendigo. Personally, I like movies like that. I usually prefer ambiguity. The marketing of Wendigo is aimed at those who want a fast, scary game where they expect a big battle with some supernatural monster that is eventually beaten, and everything is tied up immediately except for an opening for Wendigo 2 : Monster Returns, but that's not what this movie is. Wendigo is much more thoughtful and poetic than the surface of such a creature would suggest to most people. Heck, author / director Larry Fessenden even has a character, George, who recites Robert Frost. The Frost poem and George's comment that Frost can evoke complex images and atmosphere out of seemingly simple things is the key to the movie. <br /> <br /> One of the best things about the movie is its complexity. In a way, there are four different movies at the same time, one thread from each character. In George's line, he is not exactly the happiest or most pleasant guy in the world, and he has some parenting problems. For him, the film is a realistic, terrible descent of his life that goes from bad to worse. In Patricia's thread, she seeks rejuvenation of her life and family. She is a psychologist who mostly denies the problems around her and hopes that they will go away and get better. In Otis's thread, he is even more down to his luck than George, and George's arrival at his life symbolizes the final "crack" in his psychological armor. And in Miles's thread, which is probably the most important of the movie, life is like a big poem because of his youthful innocence and interpretation of the world. But it's a horror story, albeit one with a glimpse of hope, and the events in the movie give Miles' poetic interpretations a dark ride. Nevertheless, when all is said and done, he seems to be the only one who keeps his peace because of the poetic perspective. <br /> <br /> Although the film is low budget, higher budgetary ambitions have been very well done. Fessenden and director of photography Terry Stacey finds some beautiful shots in beautiful places and created some interesting slideshows like montage (like the cards or the Indian wendigo pictures from the book). There are also interesting more traditional fittings, such as Miles' nightmare. Wendigo is better shot and edited than many big budget films. <br /> <br /> Other technical aspects are good for the budget. The "Wendigo" look at the end worked for me and was appropriately ambiguous. The light was usually good - there were a few times that dark scenes were not as clear as they could have been, but it seemed to be more of a problem with the film layer (it could have been digital instead) or transfer. I thought the performance was good and far more realistic (if you appreciate it) than the majority of the movies. Although I did not really notice the score, it must have been okay, or I would have noticed it with a negative judgment. Overall, Wendigo is a very good movie that deserves to be seen without preconditions as long as you don't mind thinking about the movies you see.
