A remarkable example of cinematic alchemy in the workplace, with a trite'number of lead script (written by numbingly mediocre Hollywood hack nonpareil Jole Schumacher, no less) is magically transformed into a selection of excellent 24-carat musical drama gold thanks to The broad direction, fresh, engaging performances, spot-on production values, a tasteful recreation of the 50's era New York, a contagious shaking tone and a truly wonderful rhythm and blues score of the great Curtis Mayfield. <br /> <br /> The story, which is loosely based on Supremes' real-life exploits, prosaically documents the fierce rags for the riches of three bright eyes, poor black teenage girl singers who desperately long to escape their ratty, unrewarding ghetto plight and Make it big in the razzle-dazzling world of commercial R&B music. All the obvious conversations of immediate prosperity and success - ego destructively run amok, drugs, corruption, struggle to preserve your integrity, etc. - are predicted to be the paradise ahead, but fortunately, the consistent excellent work shown by the film's other departments is almost completely canceling Schumacher's flat, uninspired plotting. The first-class play helps a lot. Irene Cara, Lonette McKee and Dwan Smith are sensationally sexy, vibrant and appealing drivers - and great singers to start. Similarly, fine performances are also concluded by a fun boyish pre- "Miami Vice" Philip Michael Thomas as the group's patient, gentleman manager, Dorian Harewood as McKee's friendly, aggressively amorous doggy lover, and perennial bloody bathdie Tony ("Hell Up in Harlem," "Bucktown") King as a dangerous seductive, smooth operation, hard coal nasty gangster. The tone dips and dovetails from fun and poignant to melancholy and blithesome without having to skip a blow that evolves into a glowing uplifting ode to the human spirit's extraordinary ability to effectively overcome extremely difficult and frightening odds. <br /> <br /> Veteran editor Sam O'Stern excels in his direct debut. Bruce Surtees' luminescent filmography and Gordon Scott's expert editing are both flawless. O'Stern's firm grip on the atmosphere of the atmosphere, a huge eye for little ones, but telling a little detail and effortless sense of busy, uninterrupted pace is just as impressive. No one is fooling on Curtis Mayfield's impeccable soundtrack contributions, either. "Jump", "What Can I Do With This Feeling", "Givin 'Up", "Take My Hand Precious Lord", "Lovin' You Baby" and "Look Into Your Heart" are amazingly tuneful, soulful, almost amazingly amazing songs with the sweetly hungry love jones number "Something He Can Feel", which was later covered by both Aretha Franklin and En Vogue, apparently creating the best musical honors as the best song in the whole movie. The net result of all these excellent attributes listed above convincingly illustrates that it is sometimes not the manuscript as much as what has been done with the script, which in turn determines the overall quality of the movie.
