It was a double interesting experience. For some reason, the greatest scientific mind of the 20th century was never central to a movie *. The closest thing I can think of as a movie with Einstein in them is CHAMPAIGN FOR CAESAR, where (as a "deus ex ma china") the big man is heard to clarify a point on a radio quiz show so Ronald Colman has proven given the right answer, and in BULLSHOT where the great Albert is one of a dozen leading physicists and scientists killed with cannabis by the villain, they intend to steal some machines of theirs. It is noteworthy that in these two cases and in IQ we are dealing with comedies. So far, no one has tried to make a serious movie about Einstein's life, like John Houston's attempt to make one on FREUD with Montgomery Cliff. I think it's just too hard to get the world of mathematical equations or the secrets of the electromagnetic field theory into an exciting dialogue. But just three years ago, Russell Crowe and Christopher Plummer made a beautiful memory. Maybe no one has really tried. <br /> <br /> (* Then I remembered the successful comedy YOUNG EINSTEIN with Yahoo Serious about ten years ago. But it's an exception and it was a spoof.) <br /> <br /> The other Surprise was the actor who played the great Albert. It was Walter Matthau who took time away from the series of films he did with Jack Lemmon in the last decade of their career. Matthau was a highly skilled and gifted character actor, both in comedy and drama, but his comic characters were usually variants of his "Whiplash Willie" Gingrich from FORTUNE COOKIE. They were connivers and gonifs. Later, they would throw their criminal tendencies because we had grown to like them, but they remained grumpy types. But his Albert Einstein happens to be really sweet. More like his Kotch than Willie Clarke. <br /> <br /> He plays Albert as a good old uncle Albert. It seems that Matthaus Einstein lives in Princeton with his niece Catherine Boyd (Meg Ryan) and she sees a slut professor named James Morland (Stephen Fry). But Frys car needs repairs, and they take it to the car shop where Ed Walters (Tim Robbins) works. Robbins falls for Ryan, who is attracted to him - but finds that he lacks the mental equipment she admires. Good old uncle Albert, helped by his three friends (Lou Jacobi, Joseph Maher and Gene Saks) decides to give their help to Robbins and make him a seemingly unrecognized physics genius. This will open the doors of romance between him and Ryan, provided Ryan is impressed, and Fry does not waste things (which he hopes to do). The atmosphere is sweet, as when Matthau and his chums rich up a super physics quiz that they help Robbins cheat on (by shifting positions of their bodies). The plot eventually leads to the great lie that the brilliant Robbins have constructed a nuclear-powered rocket ship - bringing the country's interests in the shape of President Eisenhower (Keene Curtis). <br /> <br /> It was a charming comedy and an interesting stretch for Matthau, as he was not as tall as normal, but much more subdued.
