Yes, you read it right, children. Michael Bay should have studied this film before he made one of his overheated, obsolete, over-meaning "Transformers" films. "Robot Jox" is better than both, and it probably costs less than the "Transformers" crew used on Megan Fox's personal trainer. Fortunately, this little robot pearl was originally known to be the film that bankrupt Charles and Albert Band's Empire Pictures studio, seems to have developed a cult follow through the years. I remember with pleasure seeing it on VHS during the first video release in the early 90s, and although some of the politicians of the Cold War era were already outdated at the time (just the band's luck that Communism would fall, While the film was sitting on a shelf waiting to be released, eh?), it is still a pretty strange, little B movie. They really don't do them like this, or if they do, they go in the Bay route and CGI stuff to unbearable proportions. <br /> <br /> For those who are not known, here is the Robo scoop: We are a place in the future and after a nuclear cluster, large-scale "wars" have been banned. Disputes between nations are now definitely mano-a-mano (or perhaps it should be machine-o-machine-o) by a representative from each side fighting each other in huge Shogun Warrior style robots. Whichever bot goes away from the match wins for "his" side. Gary Graham (who would later continue to play Detective Sykes in the television series "Alien Nation") plays "Achilles", the biggest Robot Jock on the Marketplace (a.a. Good guys). Achilles has been unbeaten in his previous nine Robot bouts (ten is the maximum number of matches before a "Jock" is retired) and at the beginning of the film he turns to his counterpart from "Confederation" (ie Russkies!), The psychotic Alexander (who is the most senior "evil Russian" stereotypical bad guy since Dolph Lundgren's infamous ride as Ivan Drago in "Rocky IV"). The fight is called a draw when Alexander violates the rules with an illegal robot movement at the last minute and ends not only embarrassing Achilles, but kills a whole lot of spectators in the bargain. A rematch is scheduled to end the match, but Achilles simply wants to bend out, hang up his helmet and continue his life. Instead of violating the Spoiler rules by revealing much more, I would just say that there are many phrases behind the scenes skullduggery and other difficulties for Achilles and his fellow "Jox" before the two robot titans finally collide once again in finals. I hope I do not make this movie a kind of science fiction masterpiece because it is not. "Robot Jox" is simply fun. I will admit that it is a little higher concept than your average B-grade sci-fi movie, and although the budget constraints sometimes make themselves known (especially in the scenes involving some painfully obvious green screens), it's still the best movie ever to get out of the Empire / Full Moon Pictures factory. The robot's scenes are made very well using old school stop motion / model techniques, and the sets and costumes do not look half-asses at least. Empire Pictures and director Stuart ("Re-Animator") Gordon was determined to shoot for the stars with this image. Unfortunately, it wasn't quite for them (or the study), but at least we got a heckuva cool little movie out of the deal. Bottom line: If you want to be aurally and visually assaulted for 2+ hours, you are welcome to rent a "Transformers" movie. In the end you will probably feel that you have been using it all the time and seeing someone else playing a video game. If you want a rock'em, sock'em robot good time, download Robot Jox instead.
