"The Matador" is a dark comedy with Pierce Brosnan as an aging hitman turning to a straight-arrow, happily married American businessman (Greg Kinnear) in Mexico. Although the Sardinian Julian (ironically, the nickname "Noble") seems to be a "hard guy" on the surface, he is really just a lot of neuroses and uncertainties, a man realizing that his chosen profession has left him almost alone in the world and friendly. On his birthday, he reaches out to Danny, a man who has lived his life playing by the rules, and is strangely fascinated by Julian's "unconventional" lifestyle. In fact, both men find each other the person they could never be, but wish they could stay in their quieter, franking moments of self-evaluation. Although the film is also a bit reminiscent of "Analyze This" and "Midnight Run" to feel completely fresh and original, "The Matador," still serves as a pointer to the complexity of its characters and the quality of its action. . Brosnan looks aged and almost exhausted, sinking his teeth into the role of Julian in a way he has never had before. If you play a man who seems constitutionally incapable of making a serious connection with another person, Brosnan is flip and cavalier for a moment, so genuine and sympathetic to the next. He always keeps us in balance, so humor never gets lost or obsolete. Kinnear is also excellent as a Regular Joe businessman who finds himself increasingly drawn to the Dark Side as his relationship with Julian elaborates. Hope Davis does a good job as "Bean", Danny's loyal and loving wife, who, like her husband, finds himself fascinated by this mysterious and "dangerous" figure from a world far different from the one she knows. <br /> <br /> Sometimes we feel that "The Matador" is holding something back from us, not completely plumbing the depth of its situation and premise. At the end it feels a little too light, a little too insignificant to record the impact it should. This may be due to the fact that this is feature debut for author / director Richard Shephard, and he has not yet received his film pacing yet. Yet one appreciates the fact that he does not always go for the obvious, and that he stays closely focused on the two main figures in the play, rarely settling for the trite setup or the light grin. <br /> <br /> 'The Matador' is a flawless, but generally entertaining little comedy that will hopefully signal a new phase in Brosnan's play.
