Fassbinder's most lavish production sacrifices a little of his talent to identify and deconstruct a locus of suffering in long, mobile tasks that somehow also work as social enclosures; Here it is much more obvious, since history takes place in the war wheel Germany at the end of 2. World War II, and the central character is a woman (Hanna Schygulla as Maria) who exploits vulnerabilities (both economic and gender-related) to catapult her up the ladder of a prominent textile corps. It makes coveted goods such as the lederhosen available to unpleasant workers (as she once was). Married in between allied air strikes, Maria and her new husband Herrmann are allowed a short honeymoon before being sent out to the Russian front. In his absence, her despair is great: she spends most days at the train station waiting for him to return. When he is reported dead, she suddenly stops grieving and takes a job as a barmaid / prostitute at a brothel catering to American GIs. When he returns, things become very messy, as the circumstances (and his sense of noble self-sacrifice) conspire to keep them separate. The announcement is Fassbinder's M.O. written great: "Love is colder than death", but not only does Maria struggle with her own beauty and a man who is virtually unable to love her, but a land of deep flux with no visible light at the end of tunnel. Fassbinder makes a kind of statement about post-war Germany selling to the highest bidder, but as with all his films I tend to block these elements and focus on the unbearable passions on the display: Fassbinder is as evoked by his characters; his actors' who filtered through their real life relationships with Fassbinder. Together, his films can be unbearable or indescribably mesmeric, often at once; this falls somewhere in between, even though it is definitely closer to the latter. Although I did not like it as much as Petra von Kant or Katzelmacher's Bitter Tears, Maria Braun certainly has a bigger extent and I can also feel her passion and authentic details for human emotions.
