Maria Brauns (MMB) Marriage is about a German girl (Maria) who gets married to a German soldier (Herman Braun) right at the end of the war. After marrying half a day and one night, Herman is sent back to the front page. To make ends meet, Maria starts working at a bar for mostly American soldiers and knows a black soldier. She got the word that Herman died on the cover and that developed between her and the American soldier. Herman goes into them, in bed, and after a confrontation between him and the American, Maria killed the American. Herman admits the murder, ends up in prison and Maria promises to wait for him. The country is in shambles; You see people leaving everything they are busy with for a cigarette. There is a lack of food. In short, it's a survival time for the pussy. <br /> <br /> Basically, this movie works Maria's attitudes - the attitudes she permits under those circumstances, as a metaphor for Germany's loss of soul after they have lost the war and how it continues to rebuild itself . For example, Maria has the following conversation with a peddler (played by Fassbinder herself); Peddler tries to sell her an excellent copy of Kleist and she notes that "Kleist burns out quickly, it does not provide enough heat for the cold". Peddler replied "It's another way to look at it. Right now it's probably the right way". <br /> <br /> Maria meets a French / German businessman, Karl Oswald, after she offers her way into high-class train chambers. She decides to get involved with Karl, "You don't have an affair with me, I have an affair with you". She also takes responsibility in the company, and after a while the company has complete confidence. When Karl says "I suppose we just have to wait for a miracle," she replies, "I prefer to do miracles, so wait for them." In her own words she has become "Mata Hari of the economic miracle". In many Fassbinder films, he tried to reveal the psychological processes underlying social mechanisms (see Freud); In other words, he liked to point to the camera at bullsh * t, the fake social mechanisms they were doing. The direct approach Maria takes in this movie is successful in conveying this ideology. For example, she calls to Karl, and when he picks up the phone, her request is straight to the point "I need to sleep with". As Fassbinder said, "the feelings that people felt did not exist at all and were just a kind of sentimentality that we thought we should be really functioning members of society". He also noted that his films are anti-emotional. <br /> <br /> I especially liked the scene when Karl and Maria met in the Munich restaurant (apparently often visited by Hitler himself). Maria looks in control and Karl a little on the downside, as if Maria's brutal honesty carries him out as if he is no longer entirely up to the situation. Karl says "I'll tell myself over and over again that I love life". Maria replied, "It's life, it's not. As if we signed a contract to enjoy life. And then we go out to eat and talk about food". I also think it is about Fassbinder's attitude towards relationships, never to send completely to anyone. And why would you, if the bulk of his movie is about "What love is in this society? A commodity, a power tool, a weapon." <br /> <br /> It was noted that it is typical Fassbinder to get scenes with Maria and Betti going in expensive dresses in the ruins after the war - with these clothes essentially the wrong period. What I think he would describe here was the attitudes when you feel bad, "you can always put your makeup up and watch the day clear and look good". But Fassbinder was not interested in perfection. Any errors in a movie could just be corrected in the next project. Since he finished filming (about 4 a year) the way others rolled cigarettes, it's not strange that this movie has some very bad scenes. Peter Marthesheimer, who wrote most of the script, mentioned that Fassbinder probably dreamed the whole scene with Maria and the American in the park overnight. <br /> <br /> Hanna Schygulla is brilliant as Maria. Mostly she just stares in the camera. In Mary's own words "It's a bad time for emotions. But I like it that way". <br /> <br /> There are different opinions about the end. After Karl died of a heart attack, Herman finally shows up. (Herman went to Australia after he got out of prison to become human again.) After the testament was handed over (made to her and Herman in half), Maria forgets to close the gas on the stove when she turns her cigarette on and blows her and herman up. For me, it is obvious that she just did it by accident. At the same time, she must have been a rider while her dreams finally come true. She must have felt as if she were no longer herself. She felt like she had survived herself.
