Maria Braun got married right in the middle of a fight around her and her husband Hermann. An explosion broke through the building at first, and she and Hermann had to sign the papers on a pile of rubble on the street. Perhaps this might beat some as a heavy-handed metaphor for what's coming: Marriage on the rocks, so to speak. It is an engagement where the man goes to war and is held in a Russian prison camp that is insignificant to the helpless but hopeful and proud Mary who stays at the depressing ruins of the train station as some come home, others do not, with a sign waiting for Hermann. <br /> <br /> Problems arise as in Rainer Werner Fassbinder's melodramas, and as one of his best and most provocative, we see Maria (uncommonly beautiful Hanna Schygulla in this role) doing a two-face: she will stand by her husband, even if it means working at a bar for US GIs, and even after hearing from a fellow soldier that Hermann is dead, he will still stand by him when she sleeps with a black GI and comes close to carrying her baby (that is, of course, until he comes back and a murder occurs and he takes rap so she can be safe) or works for a German businessman (effectively sympathetic Ivan Desny) and becomes his sometimes mistress and rising star in the company. Maria will do all it takes to be successful, but she always gets married. <br /> <br /> It is hard to say that there is something about Maria that is not fascinating. Money, sex, power, all of these become interchangeable for Mary. She is like the feminist who has her cake and eats it with a sultry smile: she gets a man more or less (actually much less until the last ten minutes of the movie) while getting things - a man who dopes on her when it is possible, a new and expensive house with servants, a secretary, money - which others around her do not get because of being with a man or too weak who are able to rise everywhere (as the secretary has played interesting enough of Fassbinder's own mother). Maria is sexy, confident and all alone with an idealized life against a life that must be made in the shadow. She says about the two men - the American soldier and poor old and sick Oswald - that she loves them, while adhering to these roses, sends the confused and soul-seeking man Hermann from Canada after being released from prison. She throws a profile that a feminist would love to trounce, but understands where she comes from and goes all the way. <br /> <br /> Fassbinder uses this intrinsic contradiction and moments with Maria seem to go against the conventions of a melodrama (for example, Hermann goes into the cheering and half-naked Maria and GI, just about a masterpiece of a scene , with Mary's reaction, not surprise or guilt, but pure joy to see that he is there albeit alive) while holding on to his arms as director of such a high-tech technique with a story that should be predictable. But it's not really. It is a great metaphor for a country that could not move on to normal after the war. A couple of times, Fassbinder sets the sound of the radio in the background, and we see Maria walking around her family house, the hustle and bustle that goes on around her, and the radio is talking about a split Germany, which is still very disturbed, by a disorder . Perhaps the only way to deal with it is surplus, or maybe it's just my interpretation of it. It's hard to tell, really, under Schygulla's stare face and eyes, anyway. It is such an incredible achievement, truly, one of the show stoppers that captures the glamor and feel of an old-fashioned Hollywood woman star with a sparkling puzzle. Most narrative are the opposite costumes you see on a scene when she is finally with her husband, where she is in one of the super-lustrous black lingerie pieces and high heels, and then it goes on a dress without thinking on it yourself. It's almost the essence of what Mary is, and Schygulla wonderfully gets it down, a main line but somehow loving figure that is adored and confused by the men around her, sometimes in a single sentence. This captures Fassbinder in his wonderful first part of his "trilogy"; Although I generally prefer Veronika Voss as a masterpiece, Maria Braun may be as good as a character study of what makes a woman tick and blankets with (almost) nothing to lose.
