One of the most important artistic movements in the history of the cinema was undoubtedly the German expressionism, the very atmospheric style of film production developed in the 20s in Berlin. Classic films such as "Das Cabinet Des Dr. Caligari." (1920) and "Nosferatu, Eine Symphonie Des Grauens" (1922) were the best known direct results of this movement, and while the movement did not have a long life, the enormous influence on the cinema can still be felt today, especially in the horror genre. One of the key figures in this style would be director Paul Wegener, director of the 1920s "Der Golem, Wie Er in die Welt Kam", who in his debut as a filmmaker, seven years before he made that classic, he already made experiments with expressionism in movies. The early prototype of German expressionism was, by the way, another horror movie: "Der Student Von Prague". "There Student Von Prague" is the story of Balduin (Paulus Wegener), a student of reputation for being the best fencer in Prague, but always in financial trouble. One day, Balduin saves the beautiful Count Margit (Grete Berger) from drowning in a lake, after her horse accidentally falls. Balduin immediately falls in love with her and tries to see her again, but soon he discovers that he must compete with his rich cousin, Graf Von Schwarzenberg (Lothar Körner), who will also marry her. Knowing that he cannot offer her much, Balduin wants to be wealthy, and here is a wizard named Scapinelli (John Gottowt). Scapinelli offers Balduin infinite wealth in exchange for what he finds in his room. Balduin accepts the proposal only to discover in horror that what Scapinelli wants is his reflection in the mirror. Inspired by Edgar Allan Poe's short story "William Wilson" and the classic legend of "Faust" The story of "Der Student von Prague" was perceived by German writer Hanns Heinz Ewers, a reader of horror literature and one of the first authors of to consider scriptwriting as valid as any other kind of literature. Written at a time when the cinema in Germany was still being developed as an art form, "The Student Von Prague" shows a real will to actually use the cinema to tell a fully developed story beyond a camera trick or a series of scenes. Like most of his time's writers, Ewers plays are still heavily influenced by theater, though "There Student Von Prague" begins to move away from that style. Although it is a bit poor on its character development (especially on supporting characters), Ewers manages to create an interesting and complex protagonist in Balduin's person. <br /> <br /> While "There Student Von Prague" was Paul Wegener's director debut and Stellan Rye's second film as filmmaker, it is very clear that these two pioneers had a very good idea of ​​what cinema could do when It was done correctly. For the benefit of Guido Seeber's film films, the two young filmmakers create a strong gothic atmosphere that forecasts what the German filmmakers will do in the following decade. Wegener wanted to learn many of the techniques he would use in his "Golem" series from Seeber and Rye. Despite having very limited resources, Rye and Wegener manage to create a fantastic and very convincing (for their time) visual effect for the scenes with Balduin's reflection (also played by Wegener). Wegener is already an experienced stage actor at the time he made this movie, and manages the cast with great talent and also tries to move away from the stagy style of the former filmmakers. <br /> <br /> Like Balduin, Paul Wegener is very effective and probably the best in the movie. It certainly helps that his character is the only one fully developed by the author, but one cannot deny that Wegener was very good in his role as the poor student who loses more than his mirror reflection in that contract. John Gottowt plays the creepy Scapinelli with mysterious aura that fits the character like a glove. There are few words about Scapinelli in the movie, but Gottowt makes us know that he is a force to be feared. The rest of the headpiece is less fortunate, with Grete Berger as basically average as counting Margit and Lothar Körner making a poor Graf Von Schwarzenberg. But it must be said that Lyda Salmonova was quite good in her expressive character, and Fritz Weidemann made an excellent Baron Waldis-Schwarzenberg, showing the dignity that Lörner's character should have had. <br /> <br /> Considering the films that were made these years in other countries and the fact that its recreation (made 13 years after this movie) is superior in every way, it is not difficult to understand why "There Student Von Prague" has not been the time test as well as other early films. The main problem of the film is definitely the extremely low budget, as it resulted in the film being substantially shorter than what Ewers' history had to develop fully. This makes the plot feel too vague at times or even incomplete, as if something was missing in the story (of course there is also the possibility that the existing print is really incomplete). However, "Der Student von Prague" is a very interesting early attempt at a complex story of horror and excitement in movies, which, while subordinate to what other filmmakers did at that time, had a strong impression in history. <br /> <br /> As the direct predecessor of the German expressionist movement, it is difficult to deny the tremendous importance that "Der Student von Prague" has in German cinema history, probably in the history of the cinema in general. It may seem dated even for its time, but given the limited resources that the director had, it's really better than most movies from that era. As the movie that started Paul Wegener's career and with German expressionism, "The Student Von Prague" is a must for anyone interested in this piece of film history. 10.7
