1927, and Hollywood had been on the map as the center of the cinematic world for just over a decade. Now that it had become the site of a multi-million dollar industry and the vertically integrated studio system had been established, some of them in the quieter neighborhood of this movie factory took time for some self-reflection. The last command, while its heart may be the classic story of a once prestigious man afflicted with hard times, hits the narrative within a deep look at how cinema uncertainly restores reality and how its production process could be mercilessly impersonal. It was written by Lajos Biro, who had been on stage for a long time to know. <br /> <br /> Under the center scene is a man who was on time among Hollywood's most famous immigrants ?? Emil Jannings. Before joining the states, Jannings had mainly worked on comedy, which was the master of the hammy, yet hilarious, well-known performance, often as a pompous authority, or killing old has-bones. He makes his entry into The Last Command as the latter, and at first it seems to be another of Janning's scenery-chomping caricatures. But as the story progresses, the actor gets to show his reach, and shows, by swing, delicate weaknesses, serene dignity and ultimately great power and presence in the final. He never completely stops being a confusing exaggeration (the German acting tradition knows nothing about subtlety), but he constantly keeps our attention with absolute control over all aspects of his performance. <br /> <br /> The director was another immigrant, though one who had been around Hollywood a little longer and had no background in the European film industry. Nevertheless, Joseph von Sternberg himself cultivated the image of the artistic and imperial Teutonic Cinema Meister (the "home" was created by that way) and took a very distinctive approach to the craft. Note in this picture is his handling of pace and tone, a good example is the first of the Russian flashback scenes. We open with a carefully constructed chaos of movement in converging directions, which we audiences become part of when the camera pulls back and extras dash over the screen. So when Janning's coming, everything goes down. Janning's performance is incredibly calming and measured, and when players around him begin to mirror this, the effect is as if his mere presence has restored the order. <br /> <br /> Sternberg seems to show a distast to violence, making it the ugliest moments to take place off screen, yet implying that they have happened with a stream of images that are almost poetic. In fact, he really seems to have a general lack of interest in action. In the scene of the prison uprising, Sternberg takes a secluded and objective attitude, and the camera eventually retreats to an airfield. Compare this to the following scenes between Janning and Evelyn Brent, a complex medley of viewing angle images and intense close-ups that put us right into their interaction. <br /> <br /> As a personality on the set, it seems that Sternberg was much like the cold and eerie instructor played on the screen of William Powell, and in fact, Powell's depiction is probably a deliberate parody, which even Sternberg himself would have been on. Unfortunately, this harsh attitude did not make him an easy man to work with, and in combination with his focus on his technical resources over his people, the small ideas in his pictures leave little to be desired. While Jannings shows classical hamming in the Charles Laughton state, which seems dramatic, it seems that no one told his fellow stars that they were not in a comedy. Evelyn Brent is pretty good, gives us some good feelings, but survives it here and there. The only performance that comes close to Janning's is Powell's self. It's a little strange to see the usually gracious star The Thin Man and The Great Ziegfeld playing a character as strict and humorous as a male Ninotchka, but he does a good job and reveals a smoldering emotional intensity beneath the hard exterior. <br /> <br /> The last command could easily have ruffled a few feathers into office offices, which tend to come up with some discouraging comments on the filmmaking process, even a relatively blanket example like this. At least, I think many studio heads would have been unhappy with the "behind-the-scenes" view when it threatened the mystique of film making that was still very alive at this time. As it turned out, the picture has affected Jannings winning the first ever Academy Award for Best Actor, as well as a Best Writing nomination for Lajos Biro and (according to some sources, although the issue is a bit vague) a nomination for best picture. This is important as the Academy was a small institution at this time, and the first awards were more than ever suffered from self-defeating the Hollywood elite. But the elite or not, they recognized good material when they saw it and were willing to reward it.
