Zatoichi The Outlaw was the first film made by his hero (Shintaro Katsu) own production company. It is perhaps why this is a slightly smaller entry in the series, but it is not at all weak in general. It tells of our hero who comes across two cities, rival bosses and a mysterious ronine helps the poor, and from this set-up is a story that includes tragedy, violence and no little interest. Everything served by lashings of the harmless, but inspired sword, which is one of the series' trademarks. It is a fairly predictable plot and it is mounted in a surprising way, but it slides in style and is interesting stuff. For example, the helpful ronine is a noble, harmless revolutionary character that disturbs the established order without being painted as a truly sympathetic or heroic figure. Zatoichi himself makes one or two mistakes and causes damage to his actions, while the governing system burns the exploitation of the poor. It is a tough world with one or two more visceral than expected moments in the fighting, although things are not as exciting as they could be. Shintaro Katsu shows a typical bravura performance like Zatoichi, blends wisdom, mortal skill and worldliness with a subtly sad sense of vulnerability, while solid work also comes from Rentarô Mikuni and an effective baleful Kô Nishimura (later appearing as Katsat's superior "Snake" Magobei). in the Hanzo trilogy) as the two main managers in the film. There is also a good emotional tour from Yuko Hamada as a wrong woman. The movie is lost through shaking pacing and a not so well-constructed sequence of events, there is at least a little giant time jumping, and the force of the plot is slightly lost, which means that when things warm up towards the end, the movie is not as exciting as it could be. emotional impact is also lost. Zatoichi's actions or scenes using his ingenious skills are handled well by the director Satsuo Yamamoto, although some of the gambling opportunities are less interesting and the film is built on a working, rather than truly inspired, way without the lively characters or strong enlistments of another rider. . Still, I've had it here, it has its faults and is not one of the best in the series, but still packs a sweet satisfying dose of entertainment, a good story and decent doses of Zatoichi's trademark brilliant and quirky cool. Recommended for fans of the series, and a reasonable access point, classic stuff, but not a really good one.
