This is one of the strangest movies in the Zat么ichi series because of its very unusual pacing and the role that Ichi plays in the film. Interestingly, this was the first Zat么ichi movie made by Shintaro Katsat's new production company. Now, instead of just playing the blind swordsman, Katsu is responsible for making the movies. This could easily explain why this film seems so different in style to the previous 15 films. As for Ichi's role, the film is very different because he is not as much as in the movie. He is also easy to fool and in fact, for a while, does a lot to hurt people instead of helping! <br /> <br /> "Zat么ichi R么yaburi" begins with Ichi talking to an old lady trying to exploit her blindness. It is strange that ichi says he has been blind since a toddler, although in a previous movie he says his blindness is set when he was 8. This is a minor mistake and only a crazy fan like me would even have noticed. br /> <br /> This movie takes place over a period of at least six months and is more likely to have taken a year - so you can see what I said about odd pacing. Most movies in the series take place within a few days or weeks. Ichi comes to a city where there is a boss (Asagoro) who tries very hard to be nice to Ichi because he knows the reputation of the blind man. The boss is quite charming and surprisingly, Ichi is completely taken by the evil man. At the same time, he meets another boss (Shushui) - a kind of guru to the poor. Shushui admonish the people to leave all violence and even Ichi falls under his teaching - abandon his knife for many months. Shushui's teachings resemble very Daoist teachings from China - non-violence and acceptance of life as it is (too good or too bad). <br /> <br /> Months after leaving this city and thinking everything was good, Ichi learns that as soon as he left, Asagoro showed his true colors - enslaving women, suppressing the poor and being an all-encompassing smoke. In a way, Ichi is responsible for this when he helped Asagoro and counted him as a friend. Now, Asagoro has got Shushui, and more innocent people have killed themselves because of the evil bosses' actions. <br /> <br /> When Ichi returns, he does not automatically accept that Asagoro is good or evil, but tests him wisely. This bit of scarecrow is inspired and leads to a finale where, more, Ichi kills evil and frees Shushui. This finale was very good and arose in the rain. Then the final scene with Asagoro and the rocks is fantastic, although it is not possible to confuse the previous 15 (which often seems very similar). In addition, it ends very well. Minuses (except pacing) are that some may not like to see Ichi fallible, and the scenes with Ichi and the other blind men included in the cartoon production fall flat ... very, very, very flat. They are sticky and unfunny ... it's the kind of flat it is.
