Gundam Wing is a great show from start to finish, every episode is a joy to watch. The story is typically Gundam fare, in the future the Earth's population grows to the point where we create space colonies to expand. The story, however, is set in a completely different reality than any other Gundam show. It is the year after colony 195 and the corrupt land government, known as the Earth Sphere Alliance, violently takes over the free colonies. To combat the Alliance's control and the even greater threat (an evil militaristic organization hiding within the Alliance known as OZ, which later takes control of the Earth and the colonies), members of the colonies choose to send 5 super powerful mechs to the Earth trying to save the colonies from the threat soon to come. These mechs, known as Gundams, fight OZ and try to regain peace in the colonies when OZ takes the precursor, completely eliminates the Alliance and takes control of the Earth and its colonies. <br /> <br /> As I mentioned earlier, the Gundam Wing is probably the most comfortable Gundam series to see in my opinion. Much of this reason is the difference between this series and any other Gundam series before it, but also the stories are much more deep and intricate than the majority of the second Gundam series. The Gundam Wing has more depth and feelings than any other Gundam show I've ever seen. This particular series seemed to focus more on character and the relationship between these characters than epic spaces. Now I'm not mistaken, this show still has many epic battles within it, and the show still maintains the epic atmosphere of other Gundam series, but this accomplishes this by having the story follow a 6 or 7 character ensemble cast that unlike following only 1. <br /> Whatever you look at, this really is one of the most unique and fun Gundam series out there and I highly recommend it to any fan of anime or sci fi in general. The show sports some amazing animations and great action, but the depth and complexity of the story is what keeps you back for more. The characters are so well-spoken at the end of the show that you end up loving every one of them. This show is definitely not to be missed. <br /> <br /> A perfect 10/10!
