Matador is better after reflection because it looks so easy at the time you look at it. The mood is always middle-meter, never unfunny but never gut-busting. The story is a very simple thread. The characteristics of the plot are often recycled traits, namely the unscrupulous bad guy who needs a companion and the smooth and worn, slick good guy who needs life security and learns from each other and somehow complements each other lifestyle. I also find the bullfight parallel to the story unnecessary, as it is a simple cruel thing, and the symbolism is hardly strong enough to carry itself. But it really is a good movie, because even though it was so thin and inaccurate at the time, it was not. It has a subtle way to connect with the audience. <br /> <br /> I believe it slowly but surely gives the audience something to take with them, because even though it is a formula that is nothing new, even most humor, both protagonists, almost the only ones Signs in it are somehow met and learned to know. Forget calling them right. That is not what I mean at all. What I mean is that although Pierce Brosnan's dirty, woman-blowing hitman is a freestanding comic character, he is determined by the author and determined by Brosnan, who aggressively communicates how much he enjoys his breath of fresh James Bondless air. Greg Kinnear's character seems to be pretty much the same in his detached writings, but he has given some very unexpected footnotes passing by for a moment because of the film's light-heartedness, but then hit us only a moment later. We then realized that the film not only analyzes this or aircraft, trains and cars told stubbornly again. Its really saying something. <br /> <br /> The movie's climax is of a kind that wants to be partially a thriller with twists. But with its ease, how can it possibly be the focus of the movie, even if the plot has led to it? No, focus is what Brosnan and Kinnear come out of their unlikely relationship with each other. Strangely, The Matador is a film about regret and loneliness. Brosnan deals with loneliness and regrets every day, and although we do not understand why Kinnear is so delicate and accepting with Brosnan that he constantly disturbs his life, it is slowly understood that Brosnan is saving Rescue from a more down-to-earth version of his own feelings as a means of redemption. The very first scene in the movie remains with me. I think that is where the subtle sidetrack of the movie finally begins to seep.
