Mobile Suit Gundam Wing is the fourth series in the continued Gundam chronicles. Unlike the previous posts that focused on massive wars, this is a bit different; Instead of having an army-vs.-army situation, this of five teenage boys (due to their ability to interfere more easily with normal adults) and their machines called "Gundams" are led by the metal alloy used in their construction. Which leads to problems when gundams are to be destroyed, replaced by "Mobile Suits", which run less destructive weapon platforms and "Dolls" that run on A.I. and used as shallow infantry. <br /> <br /> The whole point of the series is a metaphysical question that gives Gundam Wing an edge over a larger portion of Anime doing it here. Especially since most anime is adapted to popular folks, such as Naruto, DragonBall, One Piece, DragonBall Z and InuYasha, all of whom are from Shonen Jump, now available in America. <br /> <br /> Mobile clothing Gundam Wing set itself apart from most anime in the fact that instead of over-the-top battles between mortals, more like gods, Gundam is very humanistic and seems to fear it The fact that it is dramatic instead of melodramatic and events seems to unfold across the series gracefully. Usually in anime there are more than a few series that think that the best way to go about having a "small" battle is to get it half an hour - something that would never happen in real life. Gundam tops this by making sure everyone knows that characters will die, machines will be destroyed and rebuilt, battles will be lost and won, and it never seems as if it makes the actions satirical. <br /> <br /> But the Gundam Wing's magic is in the details and what this series has that more anime would be grateful to have. Emotion. Instead of mythical prophecies, magical or overblown martial arts, Gundam Wing is a hardline science fiction from a country that hates hard science fiction. (NOTE: The author would like to say that the Neon Genesis Evangelion is not hardline-plausible-in-real science fiction because of the religious topic at the heart of its series) they love Star Wars, but hate A.I. (the movie). So far why Gundam Wing was and Gundam SeeD is now in production for both Japanese and American releases at the same time with two voting teams. American audiences only have to wait two or three weeks after the end of the Japanese season to capture the copied or subtitled versions or even the edited SeeD episodes flying on Cartoon Network. The feeling is that these two sides, fighting for a war, are technically backwards. The heroes are the ones who defend the rights of the more affluent and aristocratic earth's citizens from the band of terrorists bent on victory over all the costs that make up the main characters of the Mobile Suit Gundam Wing. This is not war, it is "total war". Every person, every building, every street is a measure of attack, both on the ground and off. <br /> <br /> My only complaint, and the reason it didn't score ten, is about three -Fourths by the way, it just kind of goes dead for a few episodes and no one really seems to change themselves. Kind of a contemporary flashback, which is fine because of what it reveals about the characters, but at the same time it pulls down what needs to be brewed between Project: Meteor and OZ. But the last two episodes and the overlayed-on-Cartoon Network (back in 2001-2003) Mobile Suit Gundam Wing: Endless Waltz movie more than compensate for the slack.
