A team of archeologists uncover a real treasure ?? The Queen of Sheeba. From Egypt, the crown is to be transferred via steamship to San Francisco. But it won't be an easy journey. There are plenty of would-be thieves who would love to get their hands on the priceless jewels contained in the crown. Fortunately for everyone involved, Mr. Moto ready to protect the crown on his journey. But that does not mean that anyone will not try to get their hands on the treasure. After the disappointment of Mr. Moto's Gamble I went into Mr. Moto Takes a Vacation hoping for the best but fearing the worst. But within the first 10 seconds of the movie, I knew I would find it more comfortable. I am a sucker for a 1930s style mystery that has something to do with archaeological tombs in Egypt. And seeing Moto disguised as a German archeologist (imagine Peter Lorre playing a German?), Scene scenes really started me. While the movie may soon have switched to less exotic San Francisco, it remained just as fun. Dark, eerie characters lurk in the rainy night; shot shot from open windows narrowly misses the hero's head; sophisticated and supposedly blatant alarm systems, just begging for someone to test them and criminals believed to be dead ?? These are the kinds of elements found in many of the really good 1930s mysteries I love. And Mr Moto takes a vacation having them all. A few other bonuses for me included the always pleasing Lionel Atwill in a nice little role, comic relief from G.P. Huntley is actually fun, and a return to form for Mr. Moto. I've already mentioned his disguise in the movie's opening scenes, and the athletic Moto comes out near the movie's finale. Moto is one like a Whirling Dervish of activity as he goes after his prey. All this and I have not even mentioned the wonderful achievement introduced by Lorre. Any way you look at it, Mr. Moto Takes a Vacation is a winner. As much as I hate that Mr. The Moto series had to end this rate, it is understandable when you think about it. World War II was just around the corner. And after Pearl Harbor, a movie with a Japanese hero would not have gone very well. At least Mr. The Moto series with a very positive note.
