Julian Noble (Pierce Brosnan) is a hitman. Or a "facilitator of fatalities" which he prefers to be called. He is also a full, a womanizer and in the midst of a mid-life crisis. At a job in Mexico City, he encounters Danny White (Greg Kinnear), a carefree businessman who thinks he's just nailed a new pitch but is uncertain. They meet in the hotel bar late one night, after they both got too many margaritas. <br /> <br /> Sounds like the setup of a by-the-numbers comedy thriller, doesn't it? But it is not. Instead, The Matador is a fun and sometimes touching character study. It avoids any twist that the above summary would suggest, sometimes even putting them up just to delight them. It is a movie that respects it with enough characters to just let it continue without feeling the need to push them to superfluous plot contrivances. <br /> <br /> Brosnan's keeper will inevitably be compared to his Bond, but this is unfair for both performances. Bond is a semi-shaped idea, a product of everything that has gone before; while Julian is a fully formed character with his own motivations and mistakes. He has existed in his own shady, seedy world for such a long time that he has forgotten how to talk to another person. <br /> <br /> When he meets Danny in the hotel bar, he sees his opposite: a normal guy with a normal job and normal problems. He envies Danny; the hit man has become tired of his life, sees himself getting closer to his inevitable "burnout" that he puts it. But when Danny opens for her only son's death, Julian tries to change the subject with a dirty joke. He is a man who, in his own words, has "run from any feeling". Kinnear holds his own opposite Brosnan's performance and injects Danny White with his effortless everyman charm. He's the perfect foil for Julian; while the latter is drunk bravado and hedonism, Danny is down to earth, with just a touch of eccentricity. But he also goes deeper than his established persona and shows us how far each one will go when faced with financial and family-like ruins. There is genuine chemistry between Brosnan and Kinnear. It is most visible in the film's three key scenes: the hotel bar; a bullfight, where Julian tells Danny what he is doing to live and takes him through a dress trial on a murder; and a scene where Julian turns up in Danny's house six months later. This scene also introduces us properly to Danny's wife, Bean (yes, Bean). In another example of how much The Matador respects his characters, Bean (Hope Davis), instead of panicking near an employee's killer in his house, he only asks with forced calm: "Have you taken your gun ? " The script is not quite as good as could have been after perhaps another rewrite. One or two lines seem a little forced and a few jokes need a little more work. But in the scenarios where Julian and Danny (and later Bean) just speak, writing is amazing. The film does not have to put the characters in any creepy situations (except to meet a hitman and said the hit man is facing your door). It just lets them talk and gently crush them against necessary plot points. There is action, but only when it reflects on the characters. A notable example is when Julian slips a job in Budapest because he sticks through his rifles. The rest of the film is about the characters, how they interact, how each one interacts. And ultimately it's about friendship, even in the most unlikely places. At one point, Julian Danny tells him he's his only friend. And he really does.
