It is very difficult to judge this movie. As an entertainment value for 21st century viewers, it fails immensely. But for the student of early sound film and history it is a jewel. "Show of Shows" was a revue filmed to compete with MGM's successful "Hollywood Revue of 1929", which still survives intact complete with its Technicolor scenes. The purpose of the all-star revue was to showcase a particular studio's set stars in talking roles, and show that they could make the transition. Warner Bros. however, seems to have forgotten this and uses many actions and stars that they did not even have in the long run, such as Ben Turpin, Lloyd Hamilton, Beatrice Lillie and even a marching band. Meanwhile, their greatest talent - Al Jolson - is noticeably absent. Even at a high salary, he couldn't be forced to participate. Almost every action is too long, and the movie plays like a dozen or so Vitafon shorts strung along with no continuity. The final is also too long, but it is really fun with all of its dance figures. The highlights of the movie are two figures from Winnie Lightner - "Pingo Pongo" and "Singin in the Bathtub", a few songs by Nick Lucas, John Barrymore, who performs Shakespeare, and the Chinese Fantasy "Li Po Li" with Nick Lucas and Myrna Loy. This last issue is the only part of the movie that survives in Technicolor, and it's really quite attractive. Reasonably enough, the players in these good actions were long-term Warner Bros. stars, so maybe the director knew how to play for their forces since he was familiar with them. <br /> <br /> This film acts as a snapshot at an odd point in film history - the year 1929, bridged between two eras - the silent and obedient eras, and the roaring 20s and the great depression. Just two years later, the same movie would have had a completely different cast when Warner Bros. would leave his silent era stars and the stars the staff to produce the early musicals in favor of the stars who gave Warner Bros. Its distinctive urban look and feel - James Cagney, Joan Blondell, Edward G. Robinson and others.
