I saw this movie again as a task for my management class. Was primarily to comment on the different management styles and ideas about quality (of the product). I rented this one back in the eighties and I remember being a good (but not great) movie. I always wanted Michael Keaton's style and delivery. He was a perfect fit for the movie. <br /> <br /> I'm surprised to see some of the low ratings for this movie. I give you yes it is no Oscar winner, but it has a decent comic value. It's more of a subtle comedy than an all-out comedy farce. I also find some of those who felt this was an inaccurate film about cultural and business differences. I ask to depart. I give you again that there are many generalities and dramatizations, but then again this Hollywood movie is not a documentary. From what I have read about differences between car manufacturers on both sides of the Pacific at that time, many of the basic ideas were accurate at the time. Some of the basic differences were that Japanese workers got to feel like part of the business as a whole. Collaboration was highlighted. Perhaps they did the business above all else. Where American workers had more of a leadership's fresh labor type relationship. The individual was more important than the company. I'll probably get some hate email over the comment I'm sure. <br /> <br /> Another difference was how the quality was viewed and whose responsibility it was to correct. In many Japanese plants, faults and problems are investigated and fixed at the time it is discovered. Rather, as a sign in the movie, it put "the dealership (meaning car dealer) problem". <br /> <br /> Many of these things are probably dated, but I'm sure some are still about so many US cars makers are still struggling to follow Japanese. If you are more interested in the subject of American, European and Japanese automakers, I recommend a book that studies this topic in more detail and was made in the same time period. The book is called "The Machine That Changed the World" by James Womack, Daniel Jones and Daniel Roos. It is about an investigation of car manufacturers during and before the period covered by this film. Parts are a little dry, but I think you will find that it also greatly supports the movie.
