The road, right back in the 1980s, long before NAFTA was drafted, and companies began to throw their national identities, the United States and Japan were in each other's throats in the world-making race. Remember words like 'Union Yes !,' 'The Japanese are taking this country over' and 'Americans are lazy?' When the Reagan era broke down and companies lined up against a global marketplace, director Ron Howard made one of several trips into the comedy genre with his 1986 smash 'Gung Ho', which accounted for over $ 36 million in US receipts for receipts . Although in many ways dated, Howard's heavy-in-cheek story of colliding cultures in the workplace is still a hard truth for industrial life today. "Gung Ho" focuses on Hunt Stevenson (Michael Keaton), the automaker's union representative from Hadleyville, a small, depressed city at the foot of Pennsylvania. Stevenson has been asked to visit Assan Motor Company in Tokyo (similar to the real Toyota) considering a US operation at the city's empty facility. With hundreds of residents out of work and the city collapsing, Assan decides to move in, and Stevenson is hired as a link between company officials and workers at the assembly line. <br /> <br /> The 112 minutes of 'Gung Ho' is a humorous look at these two sides, with their strong and weak points being considered: on the one hand, a US workforce that values ​​its traditions, but often becomes trapped in pride and the trade union frenzy; On the other hand, Japanese workers who are highly devoted to their jobs but lack in personal satisfaction and self-esteem feelings. In Stevenson, we find an American working class figure of average intelligence with the ability to chat people through misunderstandings. With the survival of his workers' work and most of Hadleyville on the line, Stevenson proves a sympathetic guy who won't have more than a fair chance, even though his wisdom will sink him into a lot of trouble. In addition to answering Assan's leaders, we experience a delicately balanced action between Stevenson and his associate members, many of whom have grown up. This includes Buster (George Wendt), Willie (John Turturro) and Paul (Clint Howard, Ron's brother). The Japanese cast is led by Gedde Watanabe, also known for 'Sixteen Candles' and 'Volunteers.' Watanabe plays Kazihiro, the plant manager, who is down to luck and begins to feel sympathy for American life. He is constantly being overshadowed by Saito (Sab Shimono), Assemin's CEO, who is desperate to take his place in the picking order. While getting a light touch, these characters go very well in conveying ideas from the Japanese work culture. With Hunt Stevenson dominating the script, Michael Keaton should provide a solid performance for this movie to work. 'Gung Ho' is actually a slam-dunk success for Keaton, who also joined Ron Howard in 1994 'The Paper.' He made this film under a series of brighter roles that included "Mr. Mother, '' Beetle Juice '' and 'The Dream Team, before they waited for' Batman ',' One Good Cop 'and' My Life '. It's also hard not to like Gedde Watanabe's performance as the odd man who first carries Japanese ties of shame before joining Stevenson to make the car factory a coherent entity. <br /> <br /> Support casting is top notch, including Wendt, Turturro, Shimono and Soh Yamamura as Assan's CEO Sakamoto. Mimi Rogers delivers a romantic interest like Audrey, Hunt's boyfriend. Edwin Blum, Lowell Ganz and Babaloo Mandel joined together for Gung Hos's solid writing. The random music that received a BMI Film Music Award was composed by Thomas Newman. Gung At soundtrack songs are wall-to-wall 80s, including 'Do not Get Me Wrong', 'Tuff Enuff' and 'Working Class Man'. <br /> <br /> The success of 'Gung Ho' actually led to a short-lived television series on ABC. While more impressive as a social comment twenty years ago, Ron Howard's film still has its comic value. It is available on DVD as part of the Paramount Widescreen Collection and is a bit short-lived. Audio options are available in English 5.1 surround, English Dolby surround and French 'dubbing', but subtitles are in English only. There is no extras, not even the theatrical trailer. On the plus side, Paramounts digital transmission is pretty good, with little grain after opening credits and high quality sound. While a few extra would have been useful - especially that 'Gung Ho' was a box office success - there is little to complain about the actual film presentation. <br /> <br /> *** out of 4
