Matador is a strange movie. Its main character, Julian, played with an unusual blend of charm and imbalance of Brosnan, is not your typical hero. Julian is a hitman who experiences a late crisis in the middle of life. After spending 22 years in cold-blooded murder, he now finds himself stressed and desperately lonely. And then after a chance meeting at a bar with Danny (Greg Kinnear), he locks on and begins a stuffy, awkward friendship. Danny, the extremely good guy, dealing with some things in his own life, and the truth being told, could also use a friend. The two make an unexpected connection and Danny stays around to hear Julian's story even after he has learned the "creepy" truth about Julian's work. <br /> <br /> Matador is approaching a topic that is not completely unheard of in the cinema, hero killer (movies like 'Assassins' and 'Grosse Pointe Blank' come to mind). But Matador differs in several important ways. First of all, killing and doing is implied, but never really shown in any detail, which means that if you are an action movie looking for an adrenaline rate, this movie will probably disappoint you. And unlike most anti-hero movies, Matador makes no attempt to show remorse and redemption from the protagonist. Julian's job is simply presented as a "that's what it is" kind of thing. This is unusual since 99.99% of us would consider killing for the money awful. And yet this unorthodox approach is perhaps what makes the movie feel authentic. Although we cannot admit it, almost anything could become everyday after we did it long enough, maybe even murder. Are Julian's victims deserved to die? Who pays to get people killed? Who knows. The film never deals with these issues. The focus is on Julian and his stumbling shuffle in a true friendship. If you read about someone like Julian in the paper, you would have a temporary thought that people like him should be torn out of society as a cancer, but forced to look at his life, you are being drawn by his intense humanity. Sympathy for the devil, I think. <br /> <br /> Brosnan taking on Julian is well finished and deeply disturbing. He doesn't quite stand out from his James Bond's beautiful look and smooth charm, but just adds disturbing quirks to the mix. Strange or rough remarks in the middle polite conversations and sudden shifts from suave charm to childish tantrums and sad desperate reasons for acceptance. It keeps you guessing about his understanding of his sanity and how it will affect them around him. It's a bit like listening to a piano player who occasionally and unexpectedly hits a wrong note while playing, but it works. The movie is just another important role, namely Danny, who is almost not as careless. Kinnear turns in a solid, unspectacular performance as a regular Joe with regular Joe's lives and troubles. <br /> <br /> The movie doesn't have really big shocks or M Night Shyamalan twists, but I couldn't guess the end and it felt satisfactory. It has no deep philosophical or spiritual insights, yet it felt very human. And it didn't have any heart-racing or gunfire, and yet I thought the pacing was well done and I was never bored. Perhaps the only real message here is the human need to reach out and connect with each other and how these needs have no moral preconditions. Even a killer needs friends, and even good people can be friends with bad people. It's a comment on the weird, random world we live in. A good movie; worth seeing.
