Sherman, put the Wayback Machine to ... 1986. The United States just climbed out of its worst post-war boom, while Japan enjoys an unprecedented industrial boom. The manufacturing industry was still a major part of the US economy, and factory workers were a good example of the "average American". The word "downsizing" had not yet entered the general vocabulary, but everyone knew the phenomenon. Bruce could be heard on the radio singing, "Foreman says these jobs go, boy, and they don't come back to your home town." Chrysler had just been bailed out by Uncle Sam. Picture clips can be seen: "Buy Americans - the job you save can be your own." <br /> <br /> "Gung Ho" does a better job of capturing the mood of the US industrial workforce than just any other popular movie made during that period. Admittedly, the film has its faults - some loose plot threads and mediocre working jobs of all but Michael Keaton and Gedde Watanabe. But the story is really about the meeting between East and West: Keaton's Hunt Stevenson personifies America, brash and assertive from outside but uncertain below. Watanabe's Kazuhiro personifies Japan, on top of the pile of a successful system, but wonders if there is more to learn from their western rivals. The movie's plot, which is incomplete, simply provides a framework for the conflict, and eventually the synthesis of their two personalities. Keaton's play overshadows everyone else's and almost makes the movie alone. I have always admired Keaton for his ability to deliver lines that feel improvised, whatever script he follows. His character, Hunt Stevenson, is a sympathetic, gracious general, a natural leader with a wise streak. But he has a fatal error that is common to many of us: he doesn't want to disappoint anyone. He will distract the audience with inspirational anecdotes, and even lie, rather than point out the ugly truth. <br /> <br /> Kazuhiro is the mirror image of Stevenson: shy and introspective, but also because of his Japanese upbringing, reluctant to bear bad news. The scene where Stevenson first comes to Kazuhiro with employee complaints, perfectly captures the Japanese approach to workplace conflict. Kazuhiro answers Stevenson's complaints with "I understand what you say" but will not reject his requests highly. Stevenson misinterprets this as a deal and goes away and says, "Okay, we've settled it." (This is still a problem in Japanese-American business relations in the 21st century!) Finally, Kazuhiro and Stevenson have the same problem: Get the factory to work smoothly, meet production targets, and fulfill their responsibilities to the workers below them. In working on this goal, they must each take a page from the book of others. Kazuhiro's family becomes more "Americanized" is a clear example. Also note that Stevenson thinks it's strange when Kazuhiro explains how to make a public excuse for his workers to fail them - and later in the movie Stevenson does it himself. <br /> <br /> The reason and its resolution is a little bit of cornball, but hey, it's a comedy. If you can overlook the film's mistakes, there is a great story about self-realization and openness here.
