Many neglect that this is not just a classic because of the fact that it is the first 3D game or even the first shoot-up. It is also one of the first stealth games, one of the only (and definitely the first) truly claustrophobic games, and just a fairly well-rounded gaming experience in general. With graphics that are terribly dated today, the game puts you in the role of B.J. (not even * think * I will try to spell his last name!), An American P.O.W. trapped in an underground bunker. You fight and search your way through tunnels to reach different targets for the six episodes (but let's see, most are just an excuse to give you a weapon, surround yourself with Nazis and send you out to waste one of the Nazi conductors). The graphics are, as I mentioned before, quite dated and very simple. The least detailed of virtually any 3D game released by a professional team of creators. If you can get over it but (and some will suggest that this simplicity only increases the effect of the game on you) then you have a heck of a good shooter. The game consists of searching for keys, health and ammunition, spraying enemies (the aforementioned Nazis and a "chapters" per chapter) with varying difficulties (which of course grow as you move further in the game), lock doors and look for secret rooms . There is a bonus counter after each level is beaten ... it goes as fast as you were (basically if you turn "couple time", which is the time it took a tester to go through the same level it can be quite fun to try and beat, and how difficult the levels are to find their way in, they are even challenging after many reviews, how much Nazi gold you have accumulated and how many evil you killed. Basically, if you have 100% of any of the above, you get a bonus that helps you reach the coveted high score rankings. The game (mostly, but not always) allows for two contrasting different methods of playing ... beautifully or awarding down everything and what you see. You can either run or walk, and among your weapons is also a knife ... races are heard instantly the moment you enter the same room as the guard who is shot. Many guards are found standing with their backs facing you, which means you can go up behind them and stab them ... almost quiet. In your inventory you can get at least four weapons and two keys ... more on the weapons later. The keys unlock certain doors. Most games in the game are not locked ... only two kinds need keys and these keys are only introduced in later levels (you restart in levels, reset weapons, health, score and live in each chapter). Much of the later game is used looking for them. Now, as I have just said, this game, like many of the period (late 80s, early 90s), is based on gathering extra life ... personally, I think it is complete and complete useless (it was mercifully dropped from here ... I think (?), from the next 3D shooter and forward), as you can save whenever you want and 'spend a life' resetting weapons, health and ammunition that to start a new chapter (which is a real pain in later levels where you * need * heavier artillery). Now I have to turn around the bush no longer ... move on to the guns! You start with the aforementioned knife (which is silent but only effective close) and a gun ... nothing special but good for preserving ammunition, unlike the next two bad boys. Your third weapon is a German SMG ... a sub machine gun. It's faster and automatic, and some later use enemies there. And the last one ... is nothing short of a Gatling gun! Oh yeah! Think T2. Think Predator. Think of unloading massive amounts of lead into Nazi enemies with such a gun. It's as entertaining as it sounds. Most of the boss's enemies use this, so be prepared. I will not reveal the identity of these boss enemies, though ... it is for every player to discover for him (or her) himself. The sound is excellent ... very sharp and realistic. When you hear the tear of a machine gun burning, the deaf metallic sound shuts off a door that closes behind you or a Nazi shout or a warning in German, you really feel you are there, trapped in these dark and depressing bunker systems. It tells me nicely in the landscaping design ... as you run through seemingly countless, almost identical times towards the next elevator leading you farther, you are understood by the claustrophobic mood. I almost got motion sickness more than once (although it might also have something to do with a little sleep, lots of humidity and unusual heat ...) from playing. Although the level of detail is not terribly high, there is great. Remnants of victims, security quarters and countless Nazi symbols ... the list goes on. The game also features a lot of gore ... because it's the limited graphics engine, John Romero and the crew certainly put all the blood and courage they could for the game. What's left to say ... the first of its kind, and it's no wonder this created countless other 3D shooters. Sure, spiders and different elevation levels (stairs and the like) did not arrive at the next entry into the genre ... Doom ... and it was Duke Nukem 3D who introduced moves by changing your vision (so it simply goes down left and right, add vertical dimensions to it), and jump did not arrive at a third later title (the first Quake, possibly? co-players, help me here) ... but all these games as well as the rest of the genre is due to their existence to this. Then charge Luger, open the door to get into the bunker and step into B.J.'s shoes ... he deserves the recognition himself (or maybe even especially?) Nearly fifteen years after he first arrived. I recommended this to all fans of 3D games. 8.10
