Eric Stoltz delivers an extraordinary achievement such as Joel Garcia, a successful young novelist, who won the lamb and in a special hospital for the newly disabled after beating his throat in a hitchhiking. While learning to cope and adapt to the gravity of his new, limited physical state, Joel goes to merry, chatty, charming womanizer Raymond (an astonishing Wesley Snipes) and boorish, surly racist biker blossom (a fantastic William Forsythe), who feels threatened by the diverse multi-ethnic group of co-patients he is forced to share a room with. Joel also receives substantial support from his loyal and loving but poisonous boyfriend Anna (brilliant game by Helen Hunt). But he must still be willing to be disabled alone. <br /> <br /> The key triumph of this remarkable film is its legally stubborn rejection of neither sanitizing nor sentimentalizing the severity of what these men go through. Director Neil Jimenez (who also wrote the thought-provoking and obvious script) and Micheal Steinberg tells the story of extraordinary taste, blessing and warmth, specifically dealing with the detoxification of shine and material circumstances, how disabled people irreversibly change their lifestyle, including and especially your sex life (This point is made most powerful in a striking order when Joel and Anna try and fail to love in a motel room). In addition to the expected poignancy, the film further adds a surprising surplus of viciously fun raw earthly humor highlighted by the monstrous sequence of Joel and Blossom making a secret nightly expedition to a strip club. The uniformly outstanding spectacle qualifies as another big plus: Stoltz, Snipes, Forsythe and Hunt are all excellent, with Grace Zabriskie as the Bloss doting, gracious mother and Elisabeth Pena and William Allen Young as sympathy hospitals. Despite the grim issue, the film ultimately shows to be a very moving, positive and uplifting biographical testament to the amazing power and durability of the human spirit. A simply wonderful little gem of a drama.
