At first glance, this movie looks like Keifer Sutherland Series 24 to the big screen. Focusing on a plot to murder the US President, a race against time and lots of Secret Service agents, the agency under the spotlight in The Sentinel. <br /> <br /> But wait, the protagonist turns out to be Michael Douglas' character Pete Garrison instead, a veteran Secret Service agent famous for taking the ball to Reagan in 1981. SS agents are specially trained to "take the bullet ", which is what makes them special - who in the right mind will align with a ball and a goal? But Garrison is implicated in the murder and has to run for his life while doing his investigations on the plot. All this because of his failure in a polygraph test because of his incredible blow on the first lady (Kim Basinger). Tsk. <br /> <br /> There are shades of Clint Eastwoods In The Line of Fire. Both featured aging actors and aging veterans have been heroes with a bit of historical reference, which took the ball into their respective tours. While Eastwood's films have a more enigmatic villain in John Malkovich, The Sentinel suffered from his lack of a central strong villain, preferring to share the slaughter responsibilities of many forgettable ex-KGB villains and the mule of the presidential detail. With Douglas running from the law, he looks like Dr. Richard Kimble of The Fugitive, chasing the proverbial slot while relying on his smarts to persuade mediators, which turned out to be quite interesting to look at - despite smooth processes it still boils down to the performance and credibility of each agent . <br /> <br /> Today, Keifer Sutherland and Eva Longoria, the best television stars of 24 and desperate Housewives, are referred to supporting roles as the secret service scientists who look at Garrison's likely involvement in the murder, and sometimes have eased the pages of CSI with their forensic skills. The beautiful couple had chemistry that could have resembled X-Files' Fox Mulder and Dana Scully, but unfortunately these two had little to do here. We know why they are in the movie and that is getting their fans into the theaters. Also, Longoria's role seemed unable to shake off her sexy mother Gabrielle, and here she has her in pretty low blouses (Sutherland actually says she should cover) and tight pants (ankle-feast for mediators). <br /> <br /> Nevertheless, it is still a pretty interesting insight into life for probably the highly charged and tense protection detail in the world and the typical threats they face every day, including the following on every nutcase threat of the life of the most powerful man in the world. It's a decent thrill and exploratory thriller, with enough subplots to keep you entertained. But one thing, but like most end-action sequences, this one has a big enough loophole for you to fly a jumbo jet through.
