Charles McDougall's resumption includes managing episodes on 'Sex and the City', 'Desperate Housewives', Queer as Folk', 'Big Love', 'The Office', etc. So he comes with all the credentials to make the television movie version of Meg Wolitzer's novel transition man, Dorothy a success. And for the most part, he manages to keep this potentially juicy story of a loved one's sudden death and than the way the people of his life react. <br /> <br /> Sara (Alexa Davalos) a beautiful unmarried young woman accompanies her best friends - homosexual Adam (Tom Everett Scott), Adam's current squeeze Shawn (Chris Pine), and Maddy (Lauren German) and Peter (Josh Hopkins) with their infant son - for a Hamptons house for a summer vacation. The group seems jolly until a trip to the local ice cream with Adam and Sara) results in an auto-happiness that kills Sara. Meanwhile, Sara's mother, Natalie Swedlow (Diane Keaton), who has an active social life but disruptive calls her daughter constantly with the mutual greeting 'Surrender, Dorothy', plays it elsewhere: when she receives the phone call, Sara is Death, she immediately comes to the Hamptons where her indulgent personality and grief creates friction among Sara's friends. Slowly but surely, Natalie uncovers the secrets of each of them, flourishes to talk about Sara as if to do so would bring her to life. Natalie's thirst for truth at all costs results in major changes in the group and it is only through the deceased's binding love that they all eventually come together. <br /> <br /> Diane Keaton is best in these roles between drama and comedy and her presence keeps the story together. The play has its moments for good lines, but it also has a lot of filler that gets a bit heavy and morose, which makes the actors obviously uncomfortable with the lines they get. Yes, this story has been told many times - the impact of the sudden death on the lives of those whose privacy has changed by disclosure - but the film moves at a pace and has enough real entertainment to make it worth seeing . Grady Harp
