What if a pelon by G.I. from the Japanese army to be sent back in time 400 years right in the middle of feudal wars that led to the formation of the Tokugawa Shogunate? Great pitch right? The film does exactly what is on the tin. Fortunately, the authors did not interfere with explaining it, usually ridiculous in sci-fi movies, scientific mumbo jumbo of time transport. No how is or why is it they just did. But the transport sequence itself is trippy as hell and pretty beautiful, if not a little dated. Not as silly as you could imagine. The rest of the film follows the premise of a T. But while it loses a bit of steam with the various sub-spots that follow the GI's arrival in medieval Japan, it captures a devastating battle sequence. It is undoubtedly the most important day order. The whole concept, and in continuation of the film itself, probably comes from this simple pitch: What if G.I. equipped with the latest in modern warfare was fighting samurais? And the boy delivers it. <br /> <br /> The biggest battle sequence that spans half an hour is probably one of the best of its kind in the 70s action / war movie. Not only is it relentless and exhausting in pace and length, it is also a fantastic mish-mash of styles and techniques that only unique rooms such as G.I. Samurai can deliver. I mean, where else would you get the chance to have thought, ninjas complete with shuriikens, a helicopter and samurai in the same shot? G.I. Platon led by Lieutenant Iba tears literally through hundreds of extras, knocking them down with machine guns, mortars, grenades, and tanks. This mish-mash of styles is firmly anchored in the scattered jidaiyi epic of Kurosawa's Kagemusha or Hiroshi Inagaki's Samurai Banners, while the other is in western action and war film. There are stylistic details (like the wonderful slow-motion shots and bloody violence) that bring Sam Peckinpah or Enzo G. Castellari around Keoma in mind. Japanese cinema has always been influenced by western and other Hollywood works and vice versa, and G.I. Samurai makes this east-facing west crucible effortless for an exciting movie. <br /> <br /> Fortunately, the film authorities are taking the whole thing seriously and the movie is immensely enjoyed. Not the mentality of the tongue is completely absent, it is just that it does not attempt to pander to such bad-the-good audience who enjoy laughing at their movie. The budget was likely to be massive, as evidenced by hundreds of extras, detailed costumes (very decent for a non-traditional jidai kiqi production) and special effects. The camera's work and editing are top notch, almost better than a movie without higher artistic ambitions deserves. Nor is it without error. There are many "song" scenes where all 70 kinds of Japanese rock, disco and country songs play over montage (there is a bonding scene, a love scene scene, a "war is hell" scene, etc.). The songs themselves are rather lame and corny and detract from the whole grip. Although it looks at a huge 140 minutes, it flies like a ball for the most part. Still some scenes, flashbacks and subplots in the first half could have been cut for a tighter effect. The cast also deserves a mention with such prominent names as Sonny Chiba, Isao Natsuyagi (Goyokin, Samurai Wolf), Tsunehiko Watase (The Yakuza Papers) and Hiroyuki Sanada, who all hit the right notes.
