The author of "Nekromantik", Jörg Buttgereits second feature film, "Der Todesking" is a powerful masterpiece. Centered around a chain letter from a group called "The 7th Day's Brotherhood", the film shows 7 episodes, each consisting of one day during a week, where suicide approaches using different characters and situations while the letter does it rounds . Do not touch this if you like Hollywood movies or musicals, enjoy happy or even "normal" movies or expect a movie to be good only if it is focused on stage characters. <br /> <br /> The nihilist, Avant-garde access of Der Todesking explains well why Buttgereit's films were generally banned in Germany, their country of origin, in the 80s and in most 90s. There Todesking is not really focused on the signs on the screen, but the meaningless apathy or depression most people's lives consist of generally. Buttgereit finds no reason to live, only reasons to stop, and by choosing how and when you die, you can also be the King of Death, Der Todesking. <br /> <br /> Buttgereits movies are generally difficult to categorize and Der Todesking is no exception. With the same crew and almost the same cast as every other of his films, "art film" would probably be the closest description every time. There Todesking has an original method of shooting, creating the mood and managing the central object in almost all scenes. During a scene, the camera slowly runs in a 360 degree circle while a person lives in a small one-bedroom apartment for one day. Under another, Buttgereit uses sound and film corruption to portray a man's collapsing mental state while living in his desperation. Over a third, apparently comfortable scene names, age and occupation of real people appear to suicide on the screen, which allegedly justifies the ban in Germany for this movie. Episode movies (and especially this one that the scenes are only vaguely linked to) generally suffer from incoherence and Der Todesking is no exception. While all episodes have the same focus on death, and there are consequences or subsequences in all its variations, there are very powerful episodes, but an episode or two can even act as a filler that partially drains the overall strength of the movie - still the stubborn, immense Powerful intermissions that show a destructive body manage to hold the film together and clean it from it is more vague moments back to greatness. The general atmosphere is confusing, impressive, very depressing and sometimes even obnoxious - so much so that dozens of people left in the middle of the movie at a theater that featured in a film festival I took part in. <br /> <br /> This is a film that leaves a lasting impression and I highly recommend it to anyone looking for a special experience and something they will definitely remember in the years to come. Not recommended for the faint of heart or show time fans, this is a small, different movie that really raises feelings in the audience. Whether it's confusion, astonishment, or even hate, you probably won't be cold by this, in my opinion, the best thing about achieving this little indie herd. <br /> <br /> The main theme of the movie, "Die Fahrt ins Reich der Menschentrümmer part I-III" was released in a limited 666-bit 8 "vinyl edition, which is now in great demand. You can still get the classic masterpiece to get the "The Nekromantik" soundtrack CD, which I Lo-Fi synthesizer music in the movie is dark and quirky, almost inactive as an important part of the movie's atmosphere, and that is something you would very rarely hear otherwise. Highly recommended!
