"As the first touch of pleasure and guilt, as a spontaneous youthful flirt of fascination and fear, as a climax of conflicting emotions," one of the film buffs said after seeing LOVE AT TOP, the erroneous title version of the stylish director Michel Deville's LE MOUTON ENRAGE. <br /> <br /> Vincent Canby of the New York Times, just after the film's 1974 premiere, said: "LOVE AT TOP, which opened yesterday at the 68th Street Playhouse, is a French comedy from 1973 that is badly reminiscent of a number of nineteen and fifty-one English comedies about the rise and rise of cynical young men who possess and possess ambition. "Nevertheless, the significant difference he mentioned is the fact that LOVE on the TOP is not affected by the English class system. .. (January 27, 1975) <br /> <br /> Leaving the evaluations to individuals, of course, the test of time has done its only work. What can be said with certainty after more than 30 years is that we can hardly find such films as LE MOUTON ENRAGE, where the decadence seems innocent, where liaisons seem youthfully enthusiastic, where emotions arise so manipulative. <br /> <br /> For Romy Schneider fans, it seems useless to point out that this movie is a must, not only because she gives a unique performance (as she did in all her roles) on her holiday season (9 years before her sudden death), but because she is extremely attractive here. It is not TRIO INFERNAL, where the so-called "forced escape", and so-called "Romy's sweet image" haunted for years by saccharine, Sissi meets his most dissuasive manifestation, but a film in which the brilliant actress gets a fair role. She plays Roberte, a woman who becomes the object of history, playboy Nicolas Mallet (Jean Louis Trintignant). It is he who takes financial profit from lustful liaison. This movie boasts of unforgettable and unique shots from Romy and she gets some of her best scenes. Romy's sex appeal is unforgettable here. <br /> <br /> Another strong point of the movie is its performance of content with the development of individual perception. Immoral as it may seem, makes the instructor a perfect use of contrast: conventions vs. pleasures, innocence vs. decadence, genuine desire vs instrumental affair. Nicola owns most of the features that viewers like or hate, can find attractive or disgusting; But his are the functions that viewers must treat seriously, more to say, they are the ones we all have to accept. Therefore, one is led to a peculiar, gently wild, erotic unique world of the protagonist. While sleeping with many women, there are two women who represent a kind of conflicting worlds for Nicola: Roberte Groult (Romy Schneider) and Marie-Paul (Jane Birkin). He manipulates them, loves them, cannot renounce both desire for their bodies and desire for money; yet he sees them differently. Despite all this "adult maturity", however, he is emotionally like a little boy playing with a toy car on the table - a kind of "detailed insight into the man's mind ..." in a comedy-like way. Finally, there are very good performances, which makes LE MOUTON ENRAGE a little undervalued. Not only does the aforementioned Romy Schneider give a brilliant job that gives viewers an extraordinary insight into her role, but young Jane Birkin seems to be convincing in the role of young, inexperienced streetwalker Marie Paul, Jean Louis Trintignant makes it possible to see Nicola in it right way. This artistic merit, which is in performances, goes with great music by Camille Saint-Saëns, the tune that will slowly ring in your ears. Therefore, apart from some flaws in the movie as dated colors, slow action (sometimes), possible clichés (noticed by some viewers), the benefits should be seen considerable. <br /> <br /> In general, LE MOUTON ENRAGE is a clear manifestation of conflicting manipulative tools in life. It's worth watching for a moment in Romy's career, a prelude to strong eroticism, a chain of conflicting emotions, love and hatred, understanding and disgust compared to the first orgasm and the first angasm ... But are we not humans, 'viewers 'filmmakers built on such contrasts?
