I can't say too much about California, because unfortunately I haven't seen it all (I have only been able to see it in bits and pieces at Fuse.) But what I've seen is amazing! I'm a fan of Brad Pitt, but I don't admit that all his previous movies are good. But this role, I'm just his appearance great, his character Early seems so normal, okay scary, dark weird, but you usually know for a hillbilly of the type I guess. And Juliette Lewis's performance, although I can see how some may be annoyed by it, I think it's amazing. Unfortunately, I haven't yet seen the end, but it sounds good, but disappointing to read other reviews here. I must admit that I wish David Duchovany's (sorry if the spelling is wrong) was a bit flat, but for him it was okay. His wife's character was better, and I thought her performance, while not the best in the movie, was pretty good, a portrait of the avant-Gard / older sister's type. Especially the scene where Early and Brian go to play pool, and Adele and Carrie have one at a time together. I've seen that scene at least twice now and I still think the play in it is just amazing. One because of emotions that Adele portrays after talking about being raped by the three guys and how she feels about Early and Carrie's reaction to it. Everything I think is just as perfect. I mean, maybe it's because I can relate a little, I'm not sure. <br /> <br /> As for Brad Pitt, who plays the serial killer we actually see for once; I thought he was great. Some movies with Pitt that I have seen were just average or not worth seeing. I don't think I've ever seen a horrible Pitt movie, or if I have, it's not because of his action, there are other factors. This movie was not one of them. He showed a great achievement in California. I swear I am not just random, I like him for his acting, not just because he looks good, I think his character in this movie is not exactly beautiful or sweet in any way! Pitt is dark, brooding and even frightening at times. Still, he is also cheerful, fun, handsome and even loves Adele. Permitted that there are some spots that have made me reach through the TV and choke him, but that's probably just me (and the character Pitt played in the movie.) But it also shows how well Pitt's play was in this movie It made me forget what he played a character, that's what good acting has to do. <br /> <br /> At least I wanted to be able to say more, but that's all I can really say without seeing the end, I've seen most of the movie through what I've caught at Fuse and I'm writing this I'm taping it on DVR so hopefully I can write a more complete review later. I just wanted to share my thoughts on a movie that I thought was really cool and something that seems to have been overlooked (it shouldn't!)
