I had seen 'California' before (must be about 10 years ago) and I still remember being very impressed with it. That's why I wanted to see it again, and all I can say is that it still hasn't lost its power, even though I'm used to much more when it comes to movies than I was ten years ago. <Br /> <br /> 'California' tells the story of author Brian Kessler and his girlfriend Carrie Laughlin, a photographer wishing to move to California. But instead of stepping on a plain and flying straight to the state, where they say it never rains, they choose to take a ride by car. He will write a book about America's most famous serial killers and she will make the matching images. But because their car uses a huge amount of gasoline, they decide to take another couple with them to spread the cost of the trip. Only a couple have answered the add-on, so they automatically become the lucky ones. But they haven't met yet, and when they see the other couple for the first time when their turn has already started, Carrie is shocked. Without being harmed, she can only conclude that Early Greyce and Adele Corners are bad white trailer park waste. She will definitely not have them in her car, but Brian doesn't mind taking them and deciding to stop and pick them up anyway. Initially, the couple doesn't seem to be that bad, but eventually Early Grayce from a foamy hillbilly begins to a relentless killer ... Not only is history very impressive, so it is also acting from our four leaders. Brad Pitt is amazing as Early Greyce. His performance in this movie may well be his best ever. The same for Juliette Lewis. She plays the childish and naive girlfriend who doesn't want to hear a bad word about her early and does it really well. But David Duchovny and Michelle Forbes are also a surprise. They both did a good job and I really wonder why we have never heard anything from Forbes again since this movie because she really turns out to have a lot of talent. All in all, this is a very good and impressive psychological thriller with a very strong story, but because of the graphic violence I can imagine that it may not be for everyone's taste (though I don't really see another way how to see a serial killer in a credible way). Personally, I've really seen this movie a lot and the violence has never bothered me (it's part of the story that's too important to be omitted). I reward this movie with an 8/10.
