In the same vein as Natural Born Killers, another movie that wasn't so popular with critics because of the exaggerated violence, but as I also loved, California is a movie that clearly glamorizes violence, but I think it will be in final action. Like how basketball diaries glamorize fabrics first, but show the bad side at the end of the movie, which is far worse than the good side is good. David Duchovny plays Brian Kessler, an artistic yuppie with an even more artistic yuppie girlfriend who is in the fierce sexy black and white photograph generally reserved, I don't know where nudity passes for art. Maybe it really does, and I just don't understand. In any case, Brian and Carrie (Duchovny and Michelle Forbes, who fit the role perfectly) make the perfect couple to go on a documentary tour of famous murder sites. Brian, the author, will write the book, Carrie can take the pictures. <br /> <br /> Being artistic types, Brian and Carrie are not quite financially prepared for such a trip so they put an ad for someone to share gas and travel expenses and are contacted by Early Grace and Adele Corners (Brad Pitt and Juliette Lewis). Early on, parole and assigned guardians at the local university by his parole officer, see the ad on a bulletin board and decide to leave the state for a while, violating his parole, but also leaving the stage for his homeowner's murder so he does not have to work with a sad murder investigation. Two birds with a stone you know. <br /> <br /> The movie has a curious ability to depict two stereotypes, the artificial yuppies and the greasy trailer trash can without resorting to clichés or even ending with caricatures of any type. Brian and Carrie are artistic liberals, but while Carrie catches up with Early and Adele, Brian is fascinated with Early's status as a ban, as seen in the scene where Brian shoots Early's gun. Never fired a gun before, he is as fascinated as a young child. While Adele and Carrie are back at a hotel, Adele reveals such things in her childish manner as the fact that she has "broken her" early on by smoking and that she must not drink (early do not think women should), Early and Brian is out at the local bar. Brian reacts nervously to a drunk trying to start a fight with him, and early on he first advises Brian on what to do and then enters and corrects a quick lesson for the guy. "Hit him, Bri, it's come". "This is one of my favorite scenes in the movie, partly because it is so much fun what says early pleasing when the guy's friends pull him away, the blood and the battered, but also because it's intercut with the girls back in the hotel, we learn it much at once about the two couples, their differences and the conflicts that are likely to come up because of them, and apart from that because Brian benefits from Early's actions, and Carrie is shaken by what she hears from Adele , it also illustrates the different way Carrie and Brian react to Early and Adele, it is clear that now you can tell that this is not your typical unequal pair of thriller, where the city's folk tunes into the country's folk music and all forms For stereotypical chaos follows: On the one hand, it seems a little too convenient that Brian and Carrie go on a trip to murder sites and just happen to be accompanied by a real killer, but on the other hand it is a great way to counteract glorifying of murder. the r is inherent in a cross-country trip designed to bring fame to killers and their crimes. During the study of the actions of former murderers, Brian and Carrie face themselves with the much material they study and realize that murder is not so beautiful or morbid fascinating when it is in your face as it is through interrupted studies of murder by. <br /> <br /> I'm constantly amazed by Brad Pitts versatility as an actor. For example, consider his roles in movies like California, 12 Monkeys, Fight Club and Ocean's 11 and 12. Pitt is like Tom Hanks because he can change his appearance drastically or just enough to fit a given character and is completely credible. Incidentally, I tried in vain to be Early Grace for Halloween this year, but just couldn't get her hair and beard right. I even got the hat right, which I originally thought would be the hardest part. It is easy to understand why many people did not like California, or why they think it glorifies violence and murder, but I think that whatever it glorifies it is done to clarify the public's understanding of its subject. A movie that does not glorify violence, at least initially, could never be as effective as California, but the film perfectly perfects it. The glorification is all the epitome of Brian's and Carrie's fascination with the idea of ​​murder and auras of the places where they have happened, but their realization and ours are embodied in the real thing they meet with Early and Adele. The very purpose of the film is to describe the difference between idealization of violence and to see the line of the close and for right.
