It's a road movie with a killer on board. Brian Kessler (David Duchovny), a sophisticated urban writer, wants to conduct field research on US serial killers. But neither he nor his girlfriend, Carrie (Michelle Forbes), has money for a cross country trip on murder sites so they announce that someone can share travel expenses. Who they end up with is a young couple, Early Grayce (Brad Pitt) and his girlfriend, Adele (Juliette Lewis), two better examples of "poor white waste" you'll never find in any movie theater. <br /> <br /> In fact, Early and Adele are what make this movie as entertaining as they babble, cackle, confide, muse, speculate, fold and otherwise behave in ways I haven't seen since reruns of " The Beverly Hillbillies ". Early California Idea: "People think faster out there because of all the hot weather, cold weather makes people stupid". That's enough to convince Adele: "I guess it explains why there are so many stupid people in here". To which Early Reacts proudly: "It Does It Safely". Early, instructing Adele on California continues: "You never have to buy any fruit, because that's all on the trees ... and they have no speed limits and I hear your first month's rent is free, state law". <br /> <br /> But poor Early has some good psychological problems that are becoming increasingly obvious to Brian and Carrie as the four travelers continue west across the United States. As they enter the desert southwest with its beautifully clear landscape, "California" begins to look more and more like "The Hitcher" (1986), and begins to act more and more like John Ryder, everyone's manly hitchhiker whose terror seemed so unstoppable. <br /> <br /> In "California", the play is uneven. Duchovyn's performance is flat. Brad Pitt is surprisingly effective, though he often overcomes. Michelle Forbes is great as the avant-garde, photographic artist. But my choice for best performance goes to Juliette Lewis. With her nasal voice and powerful southern accent, she is fantastic as the naive, highly animated, childish Adele. <br /> <br /> In the end, the movie takes on a Twilight Zone feel, as our traveler enters a nuclear test in Nevada with a fake old house full of test mannequins. The reason dissolves quite calmly in unnecessary and violent violence, one end being somewhat disappointing. But overall, "California" is an entertaining movie thanks to a smart concept, stunning scenery, especially in the second half, great movies, great dialogue and the amazing performance of Juliette Lewis.
