Although I am grateful, this unclear gem of 70's Italian exploitation cinema features in the recently released "Grindhouse Experience" box, and although it is also available on disk under the misleading and stupid alternative title "Escape from Death Row", I honestly think deserves a proper and luxurious DVD edition, all in its native spoken language with subtitles (duplication is really awful), restored image quality and a truck of special bonus features! Heck, I don't even need the restored image quality and bonus features if we could only watch the movie in its original language. "Mean Frank and Crazy Tony" is a cheerful fast-paced mafia / crime with much violence, comedy (which does not always work), feminine beauty and two witty protagonists. Tony Lo Bianco is great as the little dew pretends to be the city's biggest don. When the real criminal gentleman Frankie Dio (Lee Van Cleef) arrives in the city, he sees an opportunity to climb the ladder by offering his services. Frankie initially ignores the little villain, but eventually they constitute an unlikely team when Frankie's entire criminal empire faces him, and a new French criminal mastermind even kills Frankie's innocent brother. Tony helps Frankie escape from prison and together they head to Marseille to extract Frankie's revenge. The script of this sadly neglected criminal gem changes fun gritty action and excitement with light-haired comedies, like the grotesque car crash through the narrow French mountain roads for example. The build against the typical mafia execution sequences (guided by an excellent Riz Ortolani score) is extremely tense, and the actual killings are sadistic and relentless, which is likely to be regarded as something of a grindhouse classic. The movie lacks a strong female lead as the lovely and incredibly blessed beauty of Edwige Fenech unfortunately only appears in a few scenes, and still in the background. On the men behind the camera, responsible for the amazing movie, was no less than Joe D'Amato. Great movie, highly recommended for fans of Italian exploitation, and I hope to see it again soon in its original version.
