I had never heard of Leos Carax until his Merde segment last year Tokyo and he was easy to stop the movie's three stories. It was not my favorite in the shorts, but it was the most unique and the most iconic. "The Lovers on the Bridge" was the first of its full length features I've seen, a virtuoso romantic film that uses image and music to communicate a bubbly young love that leaves it to the poetic. Although he is classified as a neo-nouvelle fashion, his film is owed so much to silent cinema as the experimental tales of the 1960s. His films are closer to Jean Vigo in "L'atlante", Jean Cocteau and Guy Maddin, than Gudard and Truffaut. <br /> <br /> In 1984, Boy Meets Girl Carax's debut uses black and white and the heavy dependence on visual representation to show emotional states. He combines Maddin's exaggerated worlds, but is based on a reality that never seems quite stable as Cocteau, but by virtue of its expression it becomes more accessible, emotional and engaging as Vigo's film. <br /> <br /> The story of Boy Meets Girl is simple, and resembles Carax's two following films, which include this "Young Lovers" trilogy. A boy named Alex played by Denis Lavant (who plays a character named Alex in Carax's next two films), has just been dumped by his girlfriend who is in love with his best friend. In the first scene, he kills almost his friend on the seafront, but stops short of murder. He walks around the reminder of her by the sounds of her neighbors who have sex, and daydreams of his girlfriend and best friend become intimate. He steals records for her and leaves them in his friend's apartment, but avoids contacting them directly. He walks around and finds his way to a party where he meets a suicidal young woman, and the film becomes a part "Breathless" and part "Limelight". <br /> <br /> Later, he is advised by an old man of sign language to "speak for yourself ... young people today. It's as if they have forgotten how to talk." The old man gives an anecdote about working in silent movies, and how an actor marred from the scene became a confident "lion" when it was in front of the camera. Heres where the film speaks hand, but the open reference to sound film is a crucial scene as it overlaps the movie's style (silent and expressionistic) with the content (a gracious young man tries to work the courage to say and does the things he really wants ). Although Alex is captivating in the first place and a stream of romantic words toppling out of him at the end, he is the shy actor who becomes a lion thanks to the film's magnification of its introvert feelings, which are not easy to unwind from the moment to the moment, except for a desire to fall in love. <br /> <br /> There is a scene in the movie where Alex retires from the party to a room where guests have stashed their children and babies, all crying in a choir that fills the room until he strikes one ties on a children's greeting that makes them silent. Unexpectedly due to a fault, the TV connects with a secret bathroom camera that reveals that the hostess sneaks into her wig about someone she misses. Even though Carax is self-reflexive and self-defeating by the very kind of anxiety that has come in the age tribe, he tries to tell (the space full of whining infants) he is mature enough to look through the original irony of love in everything that crosses the film. Even the rich old ball has a brother she misses. In another scene, an ex astronaut stares at the moon, he once walked in his youth while sipping a cocktail in silence. Although he was indebted to movies before talkies, Carax is a music master who knows when to pipe Dead Kennedy's "Holiday in Cambodia" or an early David Bowie song, the sound of a man playing piano or a girl who is bleeding. <br /> <br /> In Boy Meets Girl, when someone gets their heart broken we see blood pouring from their shirt when a few kisses on the sidewalk spin the 360 ​​degrees as if they are attached to a carousel when Alex going into a party, you feel out of place because the most interesting people in the world really are in the presence; as the famous writer who cannot speak because of a bullet embedded in his brain, or the miss universe from the 1950s is directly opposite the astronaut. This film is the lack of connection between Jean Piere Jenuet, Michel Gondry and Wes Anderson, whose stylistics flourish and sparkle spoken of whimsy, all with a parallel of different visual, musical and emotional characters in these Carax films. <br /> Every line of dialogue, every piece of music and every effect and editing in this movie resonates with me at some emotional levels, some of which I lack words for articulation. There are many tales of a boy meeting a girl, but instead of just exploring the banal details of a particular event, this film captures the ecstatic truth of youth's passion and disappointment. The other movies you want to watch can wait. See this first. If I were to make movies, I would have them be like this, I actually want all movies to be like this, where the ephemeral gets bigger than life, and life itself becomes a dream.
