Get into Carla's shoes. She is an overtime, unworthy administrative drudge that is invisible. You know her: she's trained three of her last three bosses, knows where all the bodies are buried and maybe even looks back at you in the mirror when brushing your teeth. Always have time for another, thank-you task and do better than most despite a serious handicap, she has the desk on her way to the toilet, which becomes the repository of semi-finished cups of coffee that is about to be wasted. What? You don't want to hear it? Well, she can't and can't even until your hearing aid is in place. Prepare to experience life from the hearing impaired. <br /> <br /> Carla (Emmanuelle Devos) needs a change in her life. The work does not lead anywhere; Friends trust her to meet their domestic needs, and the only way out starts with a breakdown that goes almost unnoticed. She does not take a holiday - a contract goes critical - so the only alternative is to hire an assistant. Carla sends demands that convey her real needs: a 'well-groomed' man. This brings an applicant for approval who reminds us that we must be careful about our wishes. <br /> <br /> Paul (Vincent Cassell) does everything wrong from the start of his job interview and he is recruited clearly showing Carla's interest in his non-job-related qualities. She sees the potential of this former thief, and as the story unfolds, their relationship grows in a very unusual pattern of co-dependence. <br /> <br /> Paul has a difficult transition that returns to the world outside the prison walls and finds himself in another kind of prison: one of the office space and another of indentured servitude to pay off an old debt . His thief skills help Carla win a political blow in the office. But Paul sees a greater opportunity with Carla's lip reading skills and pulls her even further into a world of intrigue. This is a brutal movie noir with no rating and probably suitable for older teenagers. Carla grows stronger both professionally and personally, as history progresses, and her disability gives her clear advantages over the rest of us. She grows as a woman who discovers her sensual side while using her resources to overcome the barriers to competing in a man's world. The two main characters are meant for each other in a strange way. Without Paul, Carla will remain in her role as a doormat. She has our sympathy, hope and best wishes, even if she does not make the best decisions along the way. <br /> <br /> You will hear the world through Carla's ears, from awkward adjustments to your hearing aid, muted sounds, anything but inaudible without being relatively different voices when you see who is talking. With a larger meaning being disabled, we see Carla's increased intuitive power to compensate. And we can all use that meaning to hear not only what people say, but also what they really mean.
