WWE has produced some of the worst pay-per-views in its history in recent months. The Cyber ​​Sunday, Survivor Series and December to Dismember were appalling to say the least and it was dependent on his B fire show, Smackdown! trying to end the year on a high note. Armageddon had two major gimmick battles in the Last Ride and Inferno matches, three championships were on the line and an interesting main event in the form of a tag team war featuring Batista and John Cena against King Booker and Finlay. But it was an amendment to one of the Championship matches that brought us not only the night game but also a fight for the year's candidate when Teddy Long gave us fans an early Christmas gift. T-Lo changed the WWE Take Team Championship match from Champions, London and Kendrick against Regal and Taylor to a four team Ladder match including MNM and The Hardy Boyz. <br /> <br /> I won't dwell on this match too much, as nothing I can say would do it justice. This must be seen as believed. There were many high spots and many more brutal bumps and awkward landings. The one feature I should talk about, however, was the one that took Joey Mercury directly to the emergency room in the middle of the competition. Jeff Hardy jumped on a ladder set up in the saw saw position with Matt Hardy holding both members of the MNM over the opposite end of it to take full force. Unfortunately for Mercury he did not get his hands up to protect his face and took the ladder into the nose and left eye. This was malicious. His face was immediately a mess for all to see and not surprisingly, this mercury ended the night early. We found out that he later had a broken nose and incision under his left eye. Be warned. This is not for the faint of heart. The end of this slide of a match came after Paul London managed to grab both Championship belts for the victory. I've been looking at wrestling for almost 15 years and it doesn't get any better than this fight. Unbelievable. <br /> <br /> The night opened with only the 4th ever Inferno match. Kane took the MVP in a good fight, but it was just about the visual and not the action. There were a couple of close calls with the flames for both competitors, but in the end it was Kane who forced MVP on the flames after they both ended outside the ring. MVP ran around the ring while his ass was on fire and there was a sick part of me laughing at seeing this. May I suggest Michael Hayes that MVP comes out next week at Smackdown! to Johnny Cash's Fire Ring. The second gimmick battle of the night and the second match of a triple main event was an all-out war last ride match between Mr Kennedy and The Undertaker. This was a stiff fight from start to finish and was the best of the series Undertaker and Kennedy has had yet. The used rods, chairs and a scene had The Undertaker cast 15 meters from Armageddon on what was supposed to be the concrete floor. Unfortunately, it was clear to see that this was nothing but a crash mat and crowd didn't pop for this. The ending came after a choke slam by The Dead Man to Kennedy on top of the light followed by a battle-winning tombstone. <br /> <br /> In other notable events from the map. Chris Benoit defeated Chavo Guerrero by submitting in another stiff fight. This was a very good match with Benoit at 8 times 8 German suplexes at Chavo. Benoit also considered whether to put Vikki Guerrero in the sharpshooter or not. Fortunately, he came to his senses and let her go. This led Chavo to try to roll it up so that it could be countered in the sharpener for submission. <br /> <br /> Another cracking match on the card was the Cruiserweight Championship competition between the longest reigning Champion in WWE, Gregory Helms and Jimmy Wang Yang. With a lot of high flying and dangerous spots, some of which took place outside the ring, it was a battle that was much more deserving of the response of the crowd than it got. The JBL did it best when he berated the fans in Richmond, Virginia to sit on their hands during this one and at some point even a boring song started. Helmer picked up the duke for a jumper type maneuver with the knees of Smackdowns! resident redneck. <br /> <br /> The Boogeyman flung The Miz into a worthless battle. I hate The Boogeyman with a passion. Only worth listening to for JBL's ranting about Miz. JBL is comedy gold. The last match of the night was the main event number 3. World Heavyweight Champion, Batista and WWE Champion, John Cena teamed up to go on Finlay and Champion of Champions, King Booker. There was no way that the match could increase the Tag Team Championship match from earlier, but it entertained anyway. The fight would have been more memorable if it had been given an additional five to ten minutes, but how many times have I said about WWE matches this year already. It was King Booker who was attached at the end of the match after a big Batista bomb. So 2006 is against WWE compared to the pay-per-view plan. It started the year on a horrible note with the New Year's Revolution but ended on a high with Armageddon. This ladder match will long be remembered as one of the biggest ladder matches all the time. My hat is off to all eight competitors, but their bodies on the line to give the fans a hell of a fight.
