Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer is a very lost player in the short cartoon market. This market is predominantly dominated by the Looney Tunes and Merry Melodies shorts coming from Warner Bros. But MGM is also able to release hidden gems, such as "To Spring", an amazing story of this year's most beautiful season. /> <br /> In the environment depicted here, spring is not caused by natural cycles but is made. And who? By small male elves who live underground. Every spring, when the snow begins to melt, they begin to work. They begin by shedding rainbow-stone columns, then reduce them to rubble and use these ruins to transform it into colored liquids that are moved up to the ground and carry grass, flowers ... In other words, spring! The first half of the comic depicts the spring production, but the other part is slightly different. Old Man Winter comes back and he tries to expand the winter by destroying the rivers' work. So from this point on we help a battle between the river and Old Man Winter. <br /> <br /> The music heard here is deliciously wonderful. The melodic parts stay in the head as an ink point on a sheet of paper. The other part of the tunes is exciting and they fit perfectly with the action. This is just fantastico, Giorgio! The animation sequences are also a pleasure. The colors are well mixed and every little detail is shown in a massive, epic environment. The concept itself is brilliant. The elves attract signs, it is also Old Man Winter that effectively depicts the cold and ruthless feelings of the white season. <br /> <br /> There's also a strong message included here. The battle seems lost to the rivers at the end until a single late arrival eleven jumps into the action and it leads to the rivers' victory over the winter. So the point is: only one person can make the difference. Conclusion: "For Spring" is a remarkably lost classic from the short cartoon era. What is even more remarkable is that this cartoon director made his debut here. And who is "To Spring" director? It's a certain William Hanna ...
