OKAY. I admit. I am one of those geeks who have been using it for many hours with my beloved DVD player and my amazing TV set to watch the science fiction series. Star Trek (Next Generation) was my first place date, and since then I have changed partners regularly. I've seen them all work, and my favorites are "Lexx", "Farscape" and the new "Battlestar Galactica", in other words, the latest, state-of-the-art space operations. But I also have a general crush on the old-fashioned, the cheap ones, like the magnificent four experienced BBC show "Blakes7". Here the budgets are less than hobbits. The special effects seem to be made on a Commodore 64, but who cares when the scripts are sharp and intelligently written with dark humor, the actors died seriously and sometimes even high classes? <Br /> <br /> But why do they always speak English in space? Because this is not the future, it is imagination for children. It can still be annoying at times. I, as a Norwegian, have often condemned this terrible fact that you never create genres, such as science fiction, for Scandinavian viewers. I've never thought of the fact that this might have happened. But it actually did and even in my own home country, Norway. I was two years old when the so-called television theater section of our national public service channel Nrk produced this three episode version of Blindpassasjer. <br /> <br /> When I first heard about it, I was not surprised that the show has so far only been screened once in Norway, which makes it impossible for me to actually see it. It also went on Swedish, Danish and Finnish TV at the time, but it was a long time ago. There has been no video or DVD release of it, nor a surprise, and when it was screened at an art house cinema, it happened in Bergen, a city far away from Oslo (where I live). And then there is another fact about "Blindpassaser", which did not surprise me that it was written by the two Norwegian authors Tor Åge Bringsværd and Jon Bing (Bing & Bringsværd). This duo basically introduced the SciFi genre to Norwegians in the seventies; they published anthologies and wrote what they called fabelprosa. In my opinion, Bringsværd is the most interesting of the two authors and has written several amazing and entertaining novels, masterpieces themselves, some of them fun, such as "Bazar" and "Sister's Dark Breakfast". No one other than this guy, also a recognized playwright, could construct the "Blind Passages" script. <br /> <br /> When I finally saw it, it was due to a strange Swedish, who recorded the three episodes on the VCR in the 80s, eventually managed to turn it into DVD and give it to me . He was a lovely block. So I sat down and watched it with Swedish subtitles, bad sound and some scraps and errors; But things came through and I was surprised that eventually I came to love it. The outer scenes of spaceships and planets are better than those in Blakes7, and the credit goes to Caprino studios (who made the famous Flålypa Grand Prix) and the decor of the Marco Polo (spaceship) works better than I expected. The play is typically theatrical, but it seems better than when they play Ibsen to say the least, and Bjørn Floberg carries his role solidly, like Trini Lund. Legendary actress Henny Moan delivers his lines in a serious and backward tone that fits the genre, but this is an ensemble game and I am happy to say that Ola B. Johannesen carries his mustache with nobility, and Marit Østbye is a really warm room chic by my standards. <br /> <br /> But is it really that good? Now one has to swallow the rather sudden end, the pretentious criticism of "modern society", but yes it is not really really amazing, but charming, cool, nostalgic and comfortable. An hour and a half classic Norwegian scifi.
