Sur mes lèvres or READ MY LIPS is a nice little thriller that also examines the lives of 'outsiders', people who live on the periphery of our vision, struggling with the need to "fit in". Director Jacques Audiard and co-author Tonino Benacquista have created a tense, dense and entertaining little thriller that provides some significant statements about non-normal individuals and their interests. <br /> <br /> Carla (Emmanuelle Devos) is a regular Jane, mostly deaf, thirty, unnoticed secretary of a company whose life is social and sexual isolation, and whose future vision is rather bleak. Enter Paul (Vincent Cassel) a recently released ex-con parolee that responds to an ad like Carla's assistant. There is a mutual physical rejection at the first meeting: Carla had been hoping for a well-groomed, cautious man who could fulfill her fantasies, and Paul is a rough, rude sleazy guy who is not impressed by being a clerk. Their concepts change quite quickly when Paul saves Carla's job by filling out his request to steal a letter that would cost her work, and Paul discovers Carla's lipstick, which he sees as a way of spying on the crimes of his past that threatens his life for money. So this unequal pair of teams go together and together enter a dangerous thrill to gain Paul's security and freedom. The relationship is full of twists and turns of the seat tension with each of these unlikely signs that fulfill roles in their lives that fill the kinks in their walls of isolation in surprising ways. Devos and Cassel deliver bravura performances and the rest of the casting is uniformly strong. Once again, Alexandre Desplat has produced a musical score that increases excitement, and filmmaker Mathieu Vadepied finds all the right lights and angles to suggest worlds of isolation of the characters as well as the hitchcocked sense of excitement. Director Audiard wisely manipulates a factor that is simultaneously sensitive and transformative to the story: he shows us the difference in hearing the world with and without hearing aids, thus making some strong social comments. This is a great movie that stays in the line of the best of the French film noir genre. Recommended. Grady Harp
