All of you desperate to look at the emptiness and weaknesses of Disney Studio's latest productions, here's something to cure your wounds. Once and for all, A Bug Life provides evidence that purely synthetic images performing a good scenario provide more interest than fake "hand-made-old-disneys-like" drawings (see Lion King, Pocahontas, and all recent productions where you unfortunately regret that Bambi's magical background and atmosphere is gone forever). <br /> <br /> A bugs life (1001 Pattes for my fellow French cinanianiaks!) Succeed in avoiding all the imperfections that cause you to wake up in the middle of the movie and say, "Hey, this thing is computer generated!". No weak parts, a great effort that shows its effectiveness in the background and the overall appearance of the seat, an amazing 3D bird (close to perfection in its imitation of reality) ... and only to mention the technical aspects. <Br /> <br /> The scenario, my friends, the real backbone of a movie image, has a certain thickness! Curiously, and of course thanks to Lasseter's team, there is virtually no musical sequence in A bug's life. Which means the story is long and rich enough to free itself from those 3 or 4 minutes that some kids appreciate, but most others don't like (same for parents or anime fans like me). This movie reminded me of a really old movie with Steve Martin and Chevy Chase: the 3 Amigos; it had basically the same background story (a whole Mexican village that lives in fear that some bad guys are downloading gunmen (who eventually become actors) to protect them, etc.). Simple but effective and brilliantly adapted to a colony of frightened ants facing the anger of insects. <br /> <br /> Since the microcosm many movies tell stories about insects, their lives, fears and hopes, but I think a bugs life is the funniest and best directed by everyone. The humanization process has been perfectly accomplished ... And the entire audience was imprisoned by Fliks (aka Tilt in France) adventure. <br /> <br /> Thank you very much for Lasseter's team, especially in the last 30 seconds. .. it is so strange and nice to see a whole theater caught in laughter while the bugs / actors forget their lines or hit the camera ... And finally, especially for those of you who have seen the French version, others will congratulate the dual actors who did a well-synchronized work on this movie. A bug's life is a really good piece of entertainment, and I think it will soon become part of my collection of videos (a privilege given to very few movies, and that's not a storage room issue :). Go see it, it's an order.
