Pixar has had great success over the years with the full length CGI animated films they have made. "A Bug's Life" was the second of a whole host of features they have made so far, ahead of its feature-length debut, the groundbreaking "Toy Story", which was the first everlong CGI movie. I remember when this follow-up was strongly announced around the time of its release in the late 1990s, but I have never seen it before November 2006. I saw it twice that month, and over three years later I have seen It a third time. It has never impressed me as much as another Pixar movie I've ever seen, but after three shows, I still think it's better than some of the movies I've seen from DreamWorks Animation. <br /> <br /> Ant Island is home to a colony of ants. These ants have to collect food for a gang of grasshoppers who come and take it every year. A member of this colony is Flik, ​​an inventor with a poor reputation for creating problems with his inventions, although he does not believe that. One year when the colony has just finished preparing the annual supply, Flik accidentally beats into a stream just before the grasshoppers arrive to get it! The Hopper, Hopper, decides to give them another chance to collect food and get it ready by the end of the season, but they will have to double their offerings! Flik suggests to the colony's royal council that he go and find "war errors" to fight off the grasshoppers as they return. Princess Atta, the future queen, lets him go on this mission so he won't be around to cause trouble while the colony is trying to gather food for another. Inventor finds a group of bugs that he thinks are fighters, but after he has taken them back to Ant Island and introduces them, he learns that they are not actually fighters, but circus bugs! <br /> <br /> The main reason why this other Pixar feature has never quite amazed me may be the signs. For me, none of them has ever stood out as much as they could have, and generally seems a little boring. Fortunately, however, it is not like "Shark Tale", a movie with a very idiotic and unlikely main character. "A Bug's Life" has a sympathetic enough protagonist, one that the viewers can fight for. The story also seems to be somewhat gentle at times, but for the most part it is good enough to keep the film at least moderately entertaining, and sometimes it has some good tensions, especially later. The mood, like some other aspect of the movie, is not as good as it might have been, but there are certainly fun moments, some involving Francis, a male ladybug that sometimes confuses a woman. You can always expect great animation from Pixar, and the animation in this particular action is no exception. With all this movie having to offer, it may be a bit disappointing when it comes to Pixar standards, but it's reasonable family entertainment.
