Carla works for a real estate developer where she excels by being unattractive, unappreciated and desperate. She is also deaf. Her boss offers to rent in someone to ease her big workload so she uses the opportunity to secure some male businesses. Help comes in the form of Paul, a tattooed hoodlum fresh out of prison and obviously not suitable for the way routine in an office environment. <br /> <br /> An implicit sexual tension develops between the two of them, and Carla is determined to keep him in spite of his reluctance to embrace the work week. When Carla is lined with an important contract, she negotiates a slimy colleague, she exploits Paul's crime by causing him to steal the contract back. The colleague quickly realizes that she is behind the robbery, but when he confronts her, Paul's willingness to turn people on the face is also useful - but it comes at a price. <br /> <br /> Paul gets a "go over" of some mob acquaintances as a reminder of an unpaid debt. He formulates a plan that exploits Carla's unique ability to tear off a gang of violent bank robbers. It is now Carla's turn to enter a scary new world. The fourth feature of director Jacques Audiard, "READ MY LIPS", begins as a thoroughly engaging romantic drama between two marginalized losers, only to shift gears halfway through into an exciting thriller where their symbiotic deficiencies make them winners. The wires are excellent; convincingly convinced us that this strange couple could really connect. Carla's first meeting with Paul is an enjoyable farce, where she tries to bypass her surly reticence and jailbird manners only to discover that he was recently a jailbird. Emmanuelle Devos, who plays Carla, has the almost exclusive ability to go from dowdy to beautiful and back again within a frame. Vincent Cassel plays Paul as a canine that only looks right at home when he receives a blow or collides with the rip-off, which is likely to kill him. Like many French films, READ MY LIPS "seems first and foremost to be something, especially until you scratch the surface and find that it is all about everything. The only bum note is a subplot of Paul's parole officer missing wife, a device that works only to help control the headline of history in a neat, small, emotional cul-de-sac. <br /> <br /> It was the French "New Wave" in the 60s, who first introduced the concept of 'genre' to film making, and I have always felt that any medium is somewhat compromised when you need a system of labels to help define it so it is always a pleasure to discover a movie That seems to exceed the genre, or better yet, believe it.
