When I saw A Bug's Life for the first time in a long time, I couldn't help but see the comparisons with last year's Happy Feet. As far as the main story goes, they are very similar, an excluded doing what he can to fit in while trying to be special. It just goes to show you how much better that movie could have been without its liberal diatribe conclusion. Many people disagree with me when I say that I really like Pixar sophomore efforts. Sure there is no chance of catching Toy Story's internship, nor the animation out of this world. The story, however, is top-notch and the characters are lovely to spend time with. With lots of laughs and a moral center to start, I could see it here as much as the studio's other classics. There is much to find strength from within to capture all odds here. Between our leadership, which Flick needs to preserve his self-esteem to save his colony, the colony needs to open its eyes to a new way of life for the future, and the circus errors find out that they are more than just unlikely sideshow freaks, everyone develops into a better mistake at the end of history. Even the villain Hopper is full-fledged and threatening for the right reasons. He does not mean to be a means, but instead understands the fact that the ants exceed him 100 to 1. He needs them to fear him for not having to worry about finding the truth. It is a lot of life, but not one that cannot evolve over time. <br /> <br /> When you think about the animation, it's actually pretty good. Compared to Antz, the rival film of the time, this is much more realistic and less comic-like. The water is done nicely, like the foliage. You don't have to look much further than the ants' eyes to see how much detail entered the production. Reflections and humidity, despite the smooth exterior, show realism. All bugs are finely crafted too. The flights in the city and the crazy mix of creatures recruited to save the ants never get bogged down, whether for a small role or a more extended one. It is also in the city, we see the crafts on the environment. While Ant Island is nice, it's just outdoors. Bug City contains lots of waste doubling as buildings and clubs. It is an excellent display of humor and ingenuity to see what the animators used for everything. From the ice cubes as the circus stands, the animal biscuits the box as a circus cart? Complete with full nutrition guide on the page ?? and crazy collection of boxes to create a Times Square of billboards and facades, everything is done right. /> As much of humor, you have to credit the working talent for wonderful delivery and inspired choices of choice. No one could make a male ladybug better than Dennis Leary with his acre white. I dare to think of someone better. Our leaders are also good with Dave Foley as Flick and Julia Louis-Dreyfus as Princess Atta, as well as the always amazing Kevin Spacey as Hopper. Spacey not only steals many scenes from the movie, but also takes the central step in the blobs under the credits. Yes, A Bug's Life was the author of Pixar animated exits, a tradition that continues. With many heavy-in-cheek bug jokes twisted throughout, you also need to provide props for the huge support casting. Full of "the great actors", it's people like Richard Kind, Brad Garrett and the late Joe Ranft like the Heimlich worm that brings the biggest laugh. Overall, it can be the simplest story brought to the screen by Pixar, one that has been told in a form or the other several times over the years, but it is inspired enough and fresh enough to deliver an enjoyable experience. There are happy moments, sad times and even action-packed scenes of excitement with birds coming in to join. Complete with a couple of my favorite Pixar characters, Tuck and Roll, it's not that bad that I can think of saying about it.
