Lately I have seen many Tom Hanks movies and old Chaplin movies and even some of Rowan Atkinson's early prayer performances, and it seems that everyone has their own unique charm that permeates their entire work, making it possible For them to identify with audience members of all ages, in a way that just makes you feel good. A Bug's Life has the same charm it has with real life, allowing us to easily suspend infidels and accept many talking insects, because even if they speak, they still seem like real bugs. It's like the team that made the movie find a way to bring us into a child's mind and let us think like them, to imagine bugs like a young mind doing. <br /> <br /> Honey, I Shrunk The kids were one of my favorite films when I was younger, and for me A Bug's Life is a more realistic version of that movie, just because the animation is so breathtaking and This storytelling opens up as many more storytelling opportunities. I'm not trying to compare it to something like Toy Story (which I still know is the best computer animated movie ever made), because the story of A Bug's Life is not as good as Toy Story, but then again is almost nothing. The important thing is that it is still wonderfully fun. The story relates to a colony of hard-working bugs that have an impressively developed community that is mainly aimed at building a harvest of food, most of which will go to the tyrannical grasshoppers that are much better in strength and common patience, and hopefully still Leave enough back to the faults to do so through the winter. We are treated to some visits from the grasshoppers, which makes it clear that if the errors give an unsatisfactory amount of food, the consequences will be gloomy. And, moreover, the similarities between this amazing level of food extraction are markedly Mao Tse-tung's viciously compelling food from his own people under "Great Leap Forward". The fun and excitement begins when Flik, ​​the protagonist, sits down on a quest to find a gang of appropriate war errors to come back and help defend the colony against the grasshoppers. You see, he spilled all the food and placed everyone in great danger so he feels it's his responsibility, but he inadvertently ends up hiring a fighting group of insect circus artists. Great for the audience, not so great for the clan's security. The film was released back in the late 90s as so many movies appeared to have come out in two years, such as Armageddon and Deep Impact, Independence Day and The Arrival, A Bug's Life and Antz, etc. Comparisons between A Bug's Life and Antz are inevitable, although it seems clear to me that A Bug's Life is by far the superior movie and not just because it does not steal Woody Allen's stuttering and whining through the lead role. This is great family fun!
