Such a joyous world is created for us in Pixar's A Bug's Life; we are immersed in a universe that could only be documented this pleasantly on film, but more precisely a universe that could only be documented through the animation world. For those who have forgotten what an abundant and bubbly world animation can offer ?? when it is in the right hands that is ?? A Bug's Life is a warm reminder. We leave the film with an equally warm feeling and a sense of satisfaction derived from only high caliber film productions. It's just Pixar's other animated feature. The subgroup of Disney made their spectacular debut and perhaps quite unintentional mark on the film world three years earlier in 1995 with their milestone movie Toy Story. It was a movie that believed in the convention, reinvented and breathed new life into animation and defined a whole new level of expertise. Now they return with their sophomore efforts, which honestly draws an insidious sense of cynicism in all of us prior to watching the movie. After all, it's a movie about ants. Now all the insects and bugs are covered by A Bug's Life, but it is the ant which is the focal point of this movie, as humans are the focal point of drama, romance, and so on. How can such an insignificant species, like an ant, act as the protagonist of a movie, let alone give the whole pastor a feature film? Surely they are crazy. However, we forget that in Toy Story, a bunch of toy objects were able to become the largest and most inspiring and gracious bunch of animated heroes and villains that ever became cold. The guys at Pixar are able to pull out the same edition and manage to turn a bunch of dirty and insignificant bugs into the most endless and comfortable gang of pests you will probably ever encounter. <br /> <br /> Not only are they all gracious and sympathetic ?? there is no unpleasant character in sight; even crooks are rivet characters ?? but they are colorful, they are eclectic, and they are idiosyncratic. And the range of characters is also gigantic for lack of a better expression, adding only the rich layers of distinctiveness that are already patched on A Bug's Life from the beginning. We must start with our protagonist and our hero. His name is Flik (David Foley), and his character is quite generic to say the least. Out of the thousands of faithful and obedient working ants who reside on the lush, beautiful Ant Island, he is the one considered "black sheep" by the clan as seen in the opening hours of the movie when he inadvertently destroys the season's harvest with his antics. The problem arises in that the ant harvest is for a bunch of greedy grasshoppers led by Hopper (Kevin Spacey) who are eager to continue claiming their anger and autocracy among the bad little ants as they come to Ant Island for their annual banquet And seeing their offerings gone, they go insane because of a better period. Hopper offers a proposal to save the ants from total extinction on the hands of his pack; However, it is a negotiation that simply cannot be fulfilled. Cogs and movement in Flik's mind now run in full steam now despite his guilt and shame, and he offers to leave Ant Island in search of some mighty bug fighters who can come to the colony's rescue and fight the Hopper and grasshoppers. <Br /> <br /> If you think about it, A Bug's Life has some heavy resemblance to the plot line in Akira Kurosawa's classic Seven Samurai, or the American remake The Magnificent Seven, where a village of unhappy but kindhearted people is threatened by malicious and evil enemies ?? a lonely villager looking for help in the big city, finds it and returns to the colony to drive the evil out. In A Bug's Life, the help comes in the form of a down-and-out circus troupe, which is mistakenly perceived by Flik as warriors in a barroom's fight. <br /> <br /> Much entertainment comes out of these scenes and a lot of entertainment comes out of these circus troupe bugs. Among them is an erudit slice insect (David Hyde Pierce), a side-cut obese German larva named Heimlich and a quasi-femme fatal ladybug that is actually a gritty and masculine ladybug (Dennis Hopper). It is very pleasant to see these bugs on the screen as it looks at the bugs and the insects interacting on the screen, just like the whole movie collectively. As I have said, a lot of entertainment and joy comes from their characters and happy interactions with each other, giving way to a host of hilarious lines, wonderfully exciting and riveting situations and generally a dazzling film. What makes A Bug's Life even better is that the movie is not limited to children, as many may perceive to be, even though children would really find more entertainment out of this movie ?? The cliché-friendly child-friendly situations are a little more abundant than we would like. However, it is easy to ignore this error and it is incredibly easy to enjoy this movie. Although A Bug's Life may not be the dizzying and milestone standards set by its predecessor, it's still a great movie and the start of something promising here. Pixar has proven that they are not only a hit, but rather a very talented and talented group of Hollywood movie artists. They raise the bar endlessly, and when someone always cuts to adhere to their standards, it is always alone. What's more to say about A Bug's Life except: see it; It's not quite the best we've seen from the peoples of Emeryville, California, but this is a lot of its year ?? and I get cursed if this is not the best animated feature in 1998. <br /> <br /> 8.5 / 10
