(originally an answer to a movie reviewer who said A Bug's Life was too much, too fast - he was "dazed and exhausted" by the pictures and seemed to ignore the story altogether) Okay, first of all I am 26 years old, have a job , going to school and having a fiance '. So maybe I'm nuts and just really good at saving it ... but not only did I not get away from A Bug's Life exhausted or dazed, it was only before I saw the second time that I could start really putting myself appreciate the art and humor of the spectacular visuals - for the first time I went to watch this movie, I was wrapped in history, and the characters I forgot to sit there were "wowed" by each frame visually. How can you not empathize with Flik and his life-to-heel asphalt-with-good-intentions life? "Heck" actually I found myself identifying with that little bog (not to mention some of the other bugs) in many more ways than one ... and that in itself more about what an incredible movie this is than a whole book on its beautiful eye candy. Of course it is beautiful (every grass, tree, rain ...). Of course, what they can do with technology can be great (you can read their lips! Try it!). But this film is not just a masterpiece of art and technology, not just a dazzling blast of movement and color. No, a Bugs life would be static if it was all that and no story. But I'm glad to say it's not! A Bug's Life has a true heart. Yes, there is a lot, history-historical and visual, but that's because the story and the letters actually have a depth for them! Just because it's a children's movie doesn't mean you have to turn off your brain at the theater door - kids are smarter than you think! Besides, I think the PIXAR crew did it to themselves, even before their children ... and it shows how much the heart has. This film is moving, touching, fun, exciting and general engrossing. The character development of such an ensemble cast is fantastic, there is a large amount of character growth, and not just the main character - so rarely in animation and often in films in general. It doesn't hit you over the head with its points when it's done - every scene has a story in the storyline to be there, and there are no free shots. Not always expressly in words, exactly what is going on means subtlety for me, folks; It does not mean "stupid" your movie and assuming the audience is stupid, which it is mostly not. All I can think is if you can see a bug's life and don't feel anything at all, then you should never have made a big mistake, hurt your friends, fell in love, get frustrated that no one would listen to you lied to someone what you care about, felt like a social misfit, was excited about a new idea, came up with a good idea, had what you thought was a good idea that you had been a carefree moment and were sure of the next, felt responsibility, stood up for yourself and your loved ones, stood alone against the crowd, felt like a failure, felt like a great success, felt the need to make a difference with your life in the lives of others ... Well, you get point. Final words: A + rating from me; please, if you want to see it, try to watch it in the theater (pan and scan video will NOT work for this movie); if you loved Toy Story you will most likely love this (PIXAR knows how to make movies with heart); If you love it, see it several times or you still don't know what you're missing (the amount of detail and subtlety here is great); and when you feel really low, let it be as if it is a seed, okay?
