Two adventurous teenagers, best friends, take a trip to Thailand for a last-minute experience before they separate and go to college. It seems like a fun time to tour an exotic country until they meet an attractive stranger who seduces them to take a trip to Hong Kong and put substances in their luggage. They are nabbed by the local police and find that justice in Asia is very different from justice in the United States. <br /> <br /> This is the main story of "Brokedown Palace" and it was a good one. The film does a decent job of portraying the arbitrary and corrupt justice systems of third world nations. In fact, the depiction was rather mild, as prison conditions are often far worse than depicted. It serves as a reminder that no matter how badly we think our legal system is, it is untouched by much of the rest of the world. Unfortunately, there were too many fragile situations in the movie that hampered history. The whole escape attempt was false imagination. Believing that friends would be able to smuggle money into bribe in a cushioned bra and not be discovered by the guards who systematically controlled everything introduced by visitors assumes either the guards or viewers are complete blocks. <br /> <br /> The story also fails to bring closed questions on how the fabrics came in Alice's (Claire Danes) backpack. Did she actually agree to transport the substances? We are back to guessing. It was exciting to be kept guessing about the girls' innocence throughout the film, but we stop the movie never really knowing if one or both girls could be guilty. Apart from this significant error, the end was excellent and the results unexpected. The play by Claire Danes and Kate Beckinsale was very solid and well done. Danes who have been oversold and over hyped actually arrived as an actor in this movie. Although her portrayal was often immature (as it was her character), she improved as the film's progress and the circumstances became more gloomy. Beckinsale, on the other hand, has been under the radar all his short career and shines like the two shoes that suddenly find themselves in prison. Her was the best performance in the movie. Bill Pullman was a miscast as a lawyer. His crazy and diffident style is an asset in films such as "While You Were Sleeping", but as a third world lawyer on a crusade to release two innocent girls from injustice, he had the wrong personality. <br /> <br /> The tourist's look at Thailand was interesting, but it didn't make me want to go there. <br /> <br /> All in all, an entertaining movie made parts unlikely by inserting some ridiculous scenes. I gave it a 7/10.
