Although I don't think this was a perfect 10, I agree that it was well above a 6, which is what it is rated here. No, Brokedown Palace was not perfect and yes it has been done many times before. It does not mean that it should not be done again, if it is done well, and I think this movie had some strong moments. Claire Danes' performance, which has already been mentioned many times, was flawless, as was Kate Beckinsell, and I think Bill Pullman was absolutely fantastic as it was the supporting performances (Pullman's wife, the crooked policeman, mare or ride or whatever he called). The cinematography was also beautifully filmed, there was a lot that was good for this movie, although there were some negatives (three great ones I found) too. <br /> <br /> Here's what I didn't like about it - the friendship between the girls - in fact, the girls' own individual personalities - was not developed deeply into the middle of the picture. It would not have been unlikely to lose interest before then, because in spite of the positives, more character development should have occurred earlier, and some scenes like when the girls were initially arrested were almost glossed over, so there was a little too much jumping around outside Sign and scene development I think would have been appropriate for this type of movie. However, this is not my big problem. And WARNING-SPOILER ALERT. <br /> <br /> The end, as mentioned dozens of times, was already AWFUL. It was terrible in two respects. Firstly, though it would have been predictable and very Hollywood, I wanted a good ending! Yes, it was an emotional and strong ending, but in a movie like this, there is a sense that justice will be earned and I went through to see it. I was really shocked at the end and it was done with excellence by everyone involved, but I feel that both girls should have come out, or at least, that the police should have gotten what came to him. I mean nothing happens to the evil guys, they all get away with it. Very disturbing. <br /> <br /> I also don't understand the ambiguity of the end. I understand the conclusions that are inspired to make one think, but this was not a mystery or a "Clue" movie we looked at, and I would like to know something about what actually happened, who was guilty, etc. At this end, we were left to decide for ourselves, but as I somehow doubt that there will be a sequel, I would not continue to guess. <br /> <br /> Still, there was a lot to like about this movie, and the play is certainly at the top of the list, I would rate this a 7.5 and say it's definitely worth a visit.
