In the movie "Brokedown Palace", directed by Jonathan Kaplan, two best friends, Alice (Claire Danes) and Darlene (Kate Beckinsale) decide to celebrate high school by taking a trip to Hawaii, but hearing that Bangkok, Thailand, is much more fun . They changed plans and decided to travel to Thailand without telling their parents about changing plans. While in Thailand, Alice and Darlene met a really nice guy named Nick Parks (Daniel Lapaine). He tells them he would trade in his first class ticket to Hong Kong for three economy tickets so they could spend the weekend in Hong Kong. They accepted their offer and on arrival at the airport, the two were arrested for drug smuggling. They were sentenced and sentenced to thirty years of imprisonment. <br /> <br /> I think Kaplan tried to show the audience that it is wise to make good decisions because in one instance a bad decision can change the direction of a life forever. Nor can a friendly face be as friendly as we think when we find out the right intentions of the friendly face. These girls decided not to tell their parents that they had changed their plans and that changed their lives forever. Things have a fun way to look at us, which decision we made, pervades the decision we should have made. Sometimes life is not fair, therefore it is important to think long and hard about the choices we make because we can never go back and change the choices we have made. <br /> <br /> This movie has a great environment; It was filmed most in Bangkok Thailand. This movie also has good music; A couple of my favorite songs are 'Silence' by Delerium, 'Damaged' by Plumb, 'Deliver me' by Sarah Bightman and 'Party's just begun' by Nelly Furtado. I went out and bought the soundtrack after watching this movie. These girls were young and naive and failed to think their plans thoroughly, a mistake anyone could make, so this movie is good for any audience. It makes no difference young or old - we are all human beings and are exposed to mistakes. Although I didn't like the way this movie ended, I was asked - who really smuggled drugs? - I would definitely give this movie two thumbs up.
