We all have friends. Some of us have more than others, but there are really only one or two people you feel really close to. People you can say are like your brother or sister. Alice (the Danes) and Darlene (Beckinsale) are like that. You can see it from the beginning. They took the exam together, they go to party together, and they decide to go to Bangkok together when they go to Hawaii. They also get busted to try to smuggle drugs into a third world country and it spells disaster. The rest of the film is about survival and does not give up hope. It also has a strong message about the power of friendship and what it can mean to anyone. <br /> <br /> Brokedown Palace is a very good movie, it is not excellent and it is due to a few issues that I want to talk about. But first I want to say what is good about the movie. And firstly, the spectacle is at the top and you can't see anymore than the two leaders. Danes and beckinsale are perfect in their roles. Alice is always fiery and seems a little rough around the edges, but she seems more fun than Darlene. But sometimes it can be fun getting her into trouble. Darlene is always a bit on the conservative side, and although it can get annoying sometimes, it would have served the two girls better if her way was met instead of Alice's. Bill Pullman is appropriate as the American lawyer living in Thailand. The film is also photographed very well. Within prison, while not the same as Shawshank or Natural Born Killers or Return to Paradice, but it shows the necessary (but underdone) hopelessness about the situation they are in. Johnathin's Chapel is also quite good. We see the two girls struggling to make it through every day, but you can see that their spirit is being added a little more every day. Brokedown Palace is great when it comes to friendship, and it shows how to trust each other to survive. The other thing I had to comment on is the soundtrack to the movie. It enhances and complements the mood of the film to perfection. The song you hear in the trailer is also played in the movie, and when it plays, you feel the woman's situation in this prison. You can feel where alone they should feel and how desperate they are to come out and return to the simple things in life. And it also makes you look at yourself and realize how lucky we are to live in society as we do. We make it easy in relation to some countries and believe it or not, the music is a perfect catalyst for reflection on this topic. Some of the music is made by a group called Delirium (I think), but it's Sara McLaughlin (wrong spelling but how do you spell her last name?) It's the text and her voice beautiful and haunting and it adds so much to the movie. <br /> <br /> What I didn't like about the movie was some of the stupidity the girls show. I don't want to say what they are doing, but when you see it yourself, you know what I'm talking about. I also didn't really feel that the prison they were in was all that bad. It looked more like a smallest security prison, and it may be because when there are similar circumstances in other films that invade men who have time in a foreign country, prison scenes are always brutal and sadistic. But I didn't get it here. <br /> <br /> All in all, it's a good movie and it really makes you ask "How far will you go to a friend?" It is a hard question and perhaps one that neither of us could honestly answer until we put ourselves in the same situation. Let's just hope it never comes to that.
