I watched this movie a million years (5 years to be exact) since for the first time. In light of recent events with the Australian woman, Schapelle Corby, who was imprisoned in Indonesia for so-called smuggling pot, I decided to watch this movie again. I except crying my heart out because I'm sucker for hot girls in need (just read my review of 'Stalking of Laurie Show'). Some damp fled my eyes, but there were hardly buckets filled with tears. Why? Not because the two heroines were not completely incentive and helpless, not because the film was not heartbreaking in the eyes of these two children in their living space locked in almost inhuman conditions. Why then? Why don't I cry? I would cry! When I rent a movie like this, I avoid being moved to sleep as if it is not tomorrow, to feel miserable and like it. This movie was simply too short to do this. It was like the script was reduced to the most important plate elements, and at the same time the psychological aspect was cast aside. Clare Danes and Kate Beckinsale did an excellent job depicting the feelings of the two friends, but this movie just screamed for more pictures of these girls in their depressing (and oppressive) environment. The mental journey is missing here for some reason. You only see the most important moments of it (which is very touching, I admit), probably due to poor editing. Sometimes I felt that these girls were walking around in a postcard. The relationship with family members could also have spent a little more attention. What happens to the relationship between the girls and the parents (especially between Alice and her father)? You get a glimpse of it, but the film doesn't quite give the whole picture, unfortunately. <br /> <br /> Nevertheless, it was a great movie, and eventually I had to bite my lip a little. But I suppose this has more to do with the actors' play (and the look) of the actors (and the music) and then with the director's profit. To be honest, I hardly knew who Kate Beckinsale was before I watched this movie (again). Now I'm a fan! Great movie as long as you don't expect to be a classic movie theater.
