James J. Corbett, World Gravity Master from 1892 to 1897, proved to be Errol Flynn's favorite role. Maybe because he didn't have to swing or be in a western. He got tired of swashbucklers and he said in his autobiography that he felt he was displeased in Western and could not understand why people liked him in them. It's an enjoyable movie, but hardly tells the real story of James J. Corbett. As portrayed, Corbett was the first scientific boxer to win in the heavyweight division, a man who used brains and faster than brutal strength to win. He defeated John L. Sullivan and lost to Bob Fitzsimmons the gravity crown. He was also a companion and in it was much like the man who portrayed him. Of course it wasn't shown on the screen. The character Alexis Smith plays, the banker's daughter who falls for him, has no basis in reality. Corbett was actually married twice and was flagrantly unfaithful with both his wives. <br /> <br /> Although he lost his title and after the events of this movie were concluded, he suffered a great personal tragedy. His father in a moment of depression, probably over economy, because he heavily lost his bet on his son to beat Bob Fitzsimmons, shot his mother and then turned the gun on himself. The murder / suicide almost doesn't extend with the happy clan that Alan Hale presided. <br /> <br /> One thing that I liked about gentleman Jim. Ward Bond got a career role in his life playing John L. Sullivan. Director Raoul Walsh got a great performance out of Bond as the booming but lovable Sullivan. Even given some of Sullivan's bad points that don't make it the screen like rage racism, Bonds's portrayal is the hallmark of John L. and the best thing about gentleman Jim. <br /> <br /> Talking about racism, one thing It should have been told was the fact that while Sullivan refused to race because of race to meet Peter Jackson, who was black and from Australia and probably the best tongue weight of his time. I say enough because Corbett who challenged him met and fought for 61 rounds in a row. The battle more than anyone else created a demand for a Sullivan-Corbett title fight. Of course, when Corbett was champion, he refused to give Jackson a title shot. Maybe he wouldn't have another 61 marathon with someone who might have been better on that day. Mr. Jim is not Jim Corbett's story, it's a movie by Errol Flynn playing James J. Corbett. But Corbett had lived in 1942 undoubtedly would have loved the movie and loved Flynn's depiction of his life. It's like he would have been remembered.
