If you're looking for a final biography of boxer James Corbett's life, then it's probably not the movie for you. The famous boxer receives a 1940's "Hollywood ization" of his life - making the story much more entertaining and engaging than real life. But because the performance was so good (especially by Errol Flynn) and the manuscript is so good, the film's decorations can be forgiven. <br /> <br /> Errol Flynn plays Gay Nineties Era Boxer James "Gentleman Jim" Corbett - a man who became the world's boxing match in 1892. The movie goes from his rather humble beginnings and follows him through his career through him to win the title fight against John L. Sullivan. However, while it could have focused most on the fighting, most are rather short in the movie (except the final title fight) and the emphasis is on Corbett's brash personality as well as his relationship with the lady played by Alexis Smith. Throughout the film, excellent support has been provided by a casting of wonderful supportive actors (such as the stubborn supporting actor in Flynn movies, Alan Hale) and the writing really helped bring those people alive. It is especially good that the film sees Flynn's athleticism as a boxer. While a few shots are double, almost all of the boxing scenes are by Flynn, and he did a compelling job as a pugilist. This was a good departure for Flynn, who generally played "pretty boy" roles or swashbucklers, and it shows just how hard a sign he was. To find out more about this, try reading a biography about him - he was right the hard and tumbling character before coming to Hollywood. <br /> <br /> Now, for the REAL James Corbett, read on if you are 'It's not afraid to find out how the movie isn't right. First, Corbett was not a poor guy who came from a poor family but was college educated and keen. Second, as he got Alexis Smith at the end of the movie, they also parted a few years later. Third, the wonderfully touching finalization of the film between Sullivan and Corbett was probably the best part of the movie. The Sullivan was a jerk, and it could never have happened - in fact, Sullivan was more egoistic and Corbett was not the obese guy they portrayed in the movie - even though it made for a nice movie.
