Just based on the James J Corbett biography "The Crows of Crowd", Lord Jim is a wonderfully soft image that completely encapsulates not only the appearance of the pugilistic prancer who was Corbett, but also the wind of change in the boxing sport around 1890 's. The story follows Corbett {a perfectly thrown Errol Flynn} from his humble start as a banker in San Fransico until a chance fight with an ex boxing champion eventually leading to him fights the terrible heavyweight champion in the world, john l sullivan {beefcake personified delightfully by ward bond}. Not all battles are in the ring tho, and it's all the spin off vignettes in Corbett's life that make this a great entertaining picture. There are class problems to overcome here {perfectly played out by other club members to get him knocked down a stick or two}, and Corbett must not just fight to get respect from his so-called peers, but he must also overcome his ego as it grows as fast as his reputation does. Along with the quite wonderful Corbett family and all their stoic humorous support, Corbett's journey is as exciting as it is merry, yet as brave and courageous as he is, he is a very sympathetic character and is a sign that fits the brand moniker he got from gentleman jim. <br /> <br /> The film never takes a moment, and it is a testament to director Raoul Walsh that, while we are eagerly waiting for the final battle, the outer rings keep us firmly entertained, not even the love interest during the plot hurt this picture {thanks Alexis Smith}. The fighting sequences stand out very well and they show exactly how Corbett became the champion he was, his brand of dancing rings around the slugger fighters is now strongly placed in box history. As the last rolls, we all roll down to the ground when an after-war meeting between Sullivan and Corbett puts all the brutality in context, and this is where humility and humility become the pure winner, and as far as this viewer goes .... ... ....... it will make me sure to be safe, 9/10 for a truly wonderful picture.
