Flynn, who is known mostly for his swashbuckling roles (and his bedroom antics!) Tackles another movie with this movie, and it works beautifully. Flynn switches the real boxing match, Jim Corbett, and changes the charm full-blown as he goes from a found San Francisco bank counter to a famous pugilist who constantly watches the community's deb Smith. He and the best friends Carson take part in an illegal battle game and are arrested with many other men (and a dog!), Including a prominent judge. The next day he gets the opportunity to access the judge's private club via Smith. He uses this opportunity to get his way into the good members of the exclusive members and land a place as the club's resident boxes. His extraordinary skill in the sport has soon welcomed everyone, even the world champion John L. Sullivan (Bond.) Flynn is actually magical here. He is the epitome of charm, charisma and appeal in this role. He looks amazing (especially in a hangover's scene with his hair broken and wearing a white union outfit) and makes virtually all his own stuntwork (impressive!) His line delivery is delicious and he is credible and sympathetic while being double and rascally. Smith exudes class and taste from every pore and is a great match for Flynn. At this stage he needed a female costar who could cope with his progress and reputation (he was under compulsory rape at that time) and she makes it so admirable. She is laid off by his freshness and cavalry, but can hardly help but fall under his enchanting spelling. Bond is incredibly burly, brawny and towering, but tender when the script requires it. Entertaining support is provided by a young and ebullient Carson. Frawley is his reliable cantankerous himself as Flynn's leader. The rest of the casting is also excellent, including Flynn's rambunctious family and a selection of blasted Nob Hill types. It is all beautifully appointed and safely managed. A couple of the sets are incredibly presented. Some of Smith's boundaries border on the yarn, but she fits well with the set hairstyles. It's a great glimpse into the earliest days of the championship boxing, but it's also so much more. Some of it (like the characteristic features of Flynn shows) is enhanced or exaggerated for entertainment, but much of it is authentic (like the methods and costumes shown in the battle scenes.) A line is particularly memorable: "I believe you as me more than I like you, but it is quite possible that I love you more than you love me. "It's classical romantic dialogue (and there are more than a couple of singers sprinkled throughout the script as well.)
