James J. Corbett's autobiography "The Crowd of Crowd" was the starting point for this lively and well-bought fictionalized biography. The author was a heavyweight world champion, followed by John L. Sullivan before the turn of the century. The events of the story depict Corbett as a brash but sympathetic and intelligent young man whose conquest of the box world and social prejudices of his time when he was only considered the son of Irish immigrants, a poor banker and no one surprised everyone. It took him several hours of exciting and often entertaining screen time to prove his competitors were wrong. He is a banker when the movie opens, but somehow he is waiting for an invitation to a sports club for the good. He falls in love with a beautiful but snobbish girl with whom he always seems to be quarrel, and he lives at home with a sweltering clot of Corbetts, who seems to struggle with each other as often as with others. When he defeats the club's best and a professional fighter city to shame him, he finally decides to become famous by fighting. He goes out on the road with his friend, who acts as a manager and coach, and despite a couple of near setbacks, he wins all his battles and attracts attention. Coming home to pursue his girl again, he commits to annoy Boston Strongboy, mighty John L. Sullivan, who enters bars and claims he can "lick someone in the world". Few believe he can win a fight against Sullivan, but Corbett, "Gentleman Jim" for his gracious manners and patrician appearance, surprises everyone by moving, dancing out of range and rejecting the raging Sullivan's power. The movie's finest scene may come when a beaten Sullivan will congratulate Corbett. The new master is rising to the moment, says Sullivan a few years before it could have been different, and shows him nothing but admiration and respect. He gets his girl as a result of his two performances, but at the end of the movie, as they visit his parents, his leader can tell the world, "Corbetts is again". The films are attractive and have a uniform style without being flashy. The script was written by veteran Horace McCoy and Vincent Lawrence from the Corbett short story. Sidney Hickox made cinematography, with time-limited decorations by Clarence Steensen and art by Ted Smith. Heinz Roemheld made the music and Milo Anderson on dresses. The film was led by action film specialist Raoul Walsh. Flynn also liked to work with Walsh, but didn't care about the other director he worked most for, Michael Curtiz. Among the cast was Ward Bond as John L. Sullivan, in one of his best performances, lovely Alexis Smith a little spotty, but intelligent as the girl Corbett loves and a very capable Errol Flynn as Corbett, a young man he seemed to delight to play - He later said it was his favorite role from the period ... Jack Carson was his manager, Alan Hale his charismatic father, John Loder a rich enemy, with William Frawley, Minor Watson, Madeleine LeBeau, Rhys Williams , Arthur Shields, Dorothy Vaughn and Mike Mazurki together for the enjoyable procedure. It's hard to say enough about the logical and light heart that this movie has created; It is one of the best imaginable of all sports biographies, and by my standards it is also one of the most comfortable.
