<br /> <br /> Everything relatively seems to be the main theme from the beginning of this set of eleven pieces of eleven leaders. That is, what may be the number one priority for people like Bush, Blair and Company may not be so for many other people, ordinary people. From the open scene, where an Iranian teacher tries to impress his young students, the most important thing that has happened is that the children are not impressed, like a neighbor's death, and things as such clearly affect them much closer than What may have happened in New York, the United States, where it is, sees this series of almost documentary pieces that not all things are as many as all world leaders would try to prophesy. Although the attack on the WTC was a creepy event on every scale, one gets the impression that both politicians and television cameras tend to blow things out of all proportions - wonderfully manifested in one of these pieces. Would the same reaction at international level have happened if the attack was done on Lagos, say or Jakarta, say or even in Rio de Janeiro, say? I'm not thinking about it either. News seems to be distorted depending on where things happen: much more television time is given to an earthquake in Italy, say, a ten times more destructive in outer Mongolia, says. Larger distances seem to diminish the size of the disaster. <br /> <br /> This series of eleven pieces helps put things in a better perspective - or maybe I should say that some of the pieces do when each director with complete freedom has made his own story, his own translation perspective so that it is not possible to judge the entire profit, but individually for every eleven minute segment. <br /> <br /> In no way should one conclude that this is an anti-American movie: it would be too simple to read the various messages manifested through the segments. However, it is not pro-American either. The eleven segments adopt varied attitudes and the common link - if one is - is that the disaster in the WTC attack should be seen in perspective from different points of view. Only then will such people as George Bush even begin to understand the planet he is living on. <br /> <br /> Clearly stated in one segment is a belief in me that I have dedicated for two years now: America has not learned the lesson. And the lesson is that the United States has to share this planet with the rest of mankind - not dominate it by reckless economic persuasion or just plain power. Instead of learning that the United States cannot continue to stamp anywhere and everywhere, its political leaders, supported and backed by Blair (and even Aznar), have become even more arrogant and even more intolerant, making no one in Afghanistan or Iraq at the moment, let alone much elsewhere. The White House's mentality is completely dismissive: the United States and the United Kingdom invaded Iraq and caused all the chaos, and it should also remove the clutter they caused - not insisting on the UN and other nations to thrust in with a helping hand and thus find a light far out of the turmoil. <br /> <br /> Radical positions adopted by the United States (or even Israel) will only be met by radical prospects of Islamic people, who for years have fostered fanatical fundamentalism if they are to cover only their own macho uselessness, ie. stoning women to death or simply shining them from the top of their heads to the dust ground. The world is in a terrible mess that is driven by the greed of a few rich countries that seem to bow to not seeing or understanding anything from multiple multilateral perspectives. This film in eleven separate pieces depicts exactly this stupid and stupid attitude.
