After deleting my thoughts almost twenty-seven times, there is a feeling that I can now win this review for the complex French drama, "Read My Lips". Having written over five hundred reviews, I have never found myself at such a loss of words as I did with the director Jacques Audiard's subtle but inspiring love story. The thought was poured over what was loved and hated about this movie, and while "love" was overstepped, it was the elements that were hated that constituted further debate within my mind. "Reading my lips" is a drama. To be more precise is a character-driven drama that uses social insecurity with criminal gentlemen with the doldrums of everyday office work. Here's where this review begins to crumble, is it all these things ?? But it's more, much more. As a viewer, you are immediately drawn by Emmanuelle Devos' depiction of this fragile woman named Carla, whose strength is lost to the men in her office and her hearing problems. Audiard introduces us hard to her world by removing sound from the screen when she does not carry her help, causing an immediate disturbance, not only from the characters in the movie, but for those watching. Without sound, the world is open to any possibility, and it is scary. <br /> <br /> When we see this difficult and disturbing woman in her life, we are so tortured and given the opportunity to meet Paul (played exquisitely by Vincent Cassel), a slick-back hair, mustache-wearing slender man, who was just released from prison, homeless, jobless and forced by his parole officer to get a job. This is how Carla and Paul meet. There is currently an immediate disturbing attraction. The one where we think she loves him, but he is dark (and here is where it gets even more fun) ?? and where we think he loves her, but she's dark. The constant scrolling vibration creates the unknown tone. Who, as viewers, should we feel the most sympathy for? Paul sleeps in the office, Carla helps him; Carla loses a contract to a rival colleague, Paul helps her; Carla's ability to read people's lips comes in handy for an idea for Paul. The continuous leaps and backs keep you on your chair waiting for the possibility that some light shines through this dark cave. It never does. Audiard cannot just allow this story to take place; he continuously introduces us to several characters; one as dirty as the next. Even our rock, our solid foundation with the parole officer is in question when his wife goes away ?? a subplot for this movie, which initially angered me, but after further debate was a book final for this movie. Nevertheless, it could have happened if it were not for our character. Devo's solemn and homely appearance is breathtaking as she changes her image to Paul; The truth about her beauty has been discovered. Paul, the wildcard in the movie, apparently continues to use and abuse the friendship of his final playoffs. So as we assume one, Carla takes a final form. <br /> <br /> Audiard knows he's got amazing actors catching his characters. Cassel and Devos could just play cards all the time and I still want to sit at the end of my chair. The story, probably the weakest part of this movie, is first random. The interwoven stories work without connection first, but Audiard lets them connect bit by bit. Again, the entire parole officer segment was tangent, but the final scene just solidified the ends of the funds. Not trying to sound vague, but this complex (yet very simple) story is difficult to explain. There are lots, but it is up to you to connect the pieces. A favorite scene is when Carla tries to discover where some money is being held. The use of sound and scene was brilliant. It was exciting, it was dramatic, and it was like seeing where a dun-it mystery unfolded before your eyes. Overall, I was originally though this was a mediocre French movie that I could easily forget as it was over ?? I was shown wrong. "Read my lips" opens the word for discussion, not just with the signs, but the situations. You will find yourself cluttered with Carla in a scene, and Paul in the next. When a discovery takes place in Paula's apartment at Carla, I found myself very angry. Audiard put true emotions on the screen with his characters and development, and what was he lacking in plot ?? the actors were able to carry. I can easily suggest this movie to anyone, but be prepared; this is not a one-time film. Repeat. Repeat. Repeat. <br /> <br /> Degree: **** out of *****
