I chose to watch this movie on the day it opened nationally in France, as a personal way for myself to reflect on what had happened a year earlier; the collection works as intended: it creates a whirlwind of thoughts and emotions, works as an intellectual homage, never bowing to cheap sentimentality or cracking reaction. There have been many allegations that the film is anti-American: While I cannot speak for everyone in this regard, I am an American who found such statements to be completely untrue. People are making a lot of noise about the Egyptian segment of Chahine because it matches the prospects of Palestinian suicide bombers who claim that civilians in a democracy are "reasonable targets" because they choose the governments the bombers are trying to attack, but it ignores much else. in the slice: more perspectives are discussed, no one is kept as the truth, and critics - if they do so - seem to forget the sensation and warm dialogue that takes place between the director and the ghost of the American dialogue, and the instructor's intense sadness by hearing the tragedy . Almost all are all beautiful, thoughtful and inspiring films, especially Mahkmalbaf, Tanovic, Loach & Inarritu's brilliant work. Nair, good as usual, effectively tells a true story of injustice committed against a Muslim family in the wake of anti-Islam hysteria that swept - and still sweeps - the states. I found Gitai's piece a bit vulgar high and simple in the criticism of media hysteria in terrorism, and Penn's piece was too impressionistic and elliptical to my liking, though I had expected to like it. Borgnine is very good and brave in it. SPOILER WARNING: A reviewer below incorrectly reads the tower's fall as a good moment for the character; I read that the fall of the tower is what because the light is flooding its room, tapping it into the loss of its life which it refused to recognize. Again it is a kind of impressionistic piece, because we know that if the towers really blocked the light for this man's apartment, there would have been nothing but smoke and ash, not light, flooding through the window.
