First of all, I have to give it to the people who got this stuff together. 9/11 is such a sensitive problem making a movie that dares to be controversial, whether it requires a lot of gut. It's a shame, but not surprising, that the film was banned in the United States. <br /> <br /> That said, I think the movie is great with a few weak moments. The film starts with the Iranian segment, which turns out to be reminiscent of Majid Majidi's work (the absolutely beautiful "Heaven's Children" and "The Color of Paradise"). Like the two films, the clip shows what happened through innocent eyes to a class of Afghan refugees in Iran. Absolutely beautiful clips. The same goes for Sean Penn's clip, which is also great. But like some of the rocks are beautiful, others are absolutely brutal. Alejandro Gonzáles Iñárritu makes the Mexican clip and, like his gut-wrenching "Amores perros" he makes it as brutal as possible. Most of the clip is a black screen with multiple sounds in the background. These sounds are by the journalists and their shock when the second plane crashes, those who called home from the burning towers and left messages to their families, those who were angry .... and he combines this with the glare of people who jumps from the towers. A very hard cut to see and one that you will not forget. <br /> <br /> Some clips may prove very difficult to look at the Americans, as some of the clips could be interpreted as "you're not the only ones suffering". Especially the Egyptian and British clips that not only say it but turn the tables and say how much suffering the United States has caused other people. <br /> <br /> I would also like to mention in particular clips from Bosnia and Herzegovina, France, India and Japan (although this latter may seem terribly out of place, it is not actually). But not all clips are good, and I make a special mention on clips from Israel, which in my opinion is extremely weak. While the idea was good (a reporter is on the site of a terrorist attack in Tel Aviv, but his story is hit because of what happened in New York, something that many of us living in war states can relate to) the realization is terrible. The clip ends as some entertainment reporter trying to get some air time at all costs, a guy says he is a witness and hopes he can go on television, and soldiers and paramedics just shout "because". The clip fails to capture any of the drama in such a situation. <br /> <br /> If you happen to have the chance to see it, then you should, unless you are a conservative, in which case you'd better stay out as you might be offended. But if you are not then you can learn how many of us outside the US lived through 9/11.
