As you may know, the subject here was to ask eleven instructors from around the world to make each a short 11-minute, 9-second, and a frame movie. We have here: - Samira Makhmalbaf (Iran): Which Afghan refugee children can understand that the towers are collapsing? Well, nothing. A good lesson. - Claude Lelouch (France): a faint plot with a great filmography ... Imagine a deaf woman living on the WTC who sees without understanding that her dog is bending ... Now just see it. - Youssef Chahine (Egypt): The biggest Oriental film producer has compassion ... For everyone: For a soldier who died ten years ago for the people of the West, but also for a Palestinian suicide terrorist. Maybe the less tender film against us. - Danis Tanovic (bosnia hrzgovia): good pictures, make us travel, for sure ... Not a very good piece. Idrissa Oudraogo (Burkina Faso): from one of the world's poorest countries, a tender and fun story of five boys who will catch Osama Bin Laden ... And they could have done it, but no one believes them when they tell, they know where he is Ken Loach (uk): September 11, 1973, Chile entered a twenty-year bloody dictatorship. Thousands of death, torture: All that was offered to Chile by Henry Kissinger and the CIA, and knowing this is changing your point of view! I think it is because of the extremely short that no American film distribution company agreed to release the movie in our theaters! Loach forgot to point out that 1973 is also the year when the WTC was built! - Alejandro Gonzalez inarritu (Mexico): impressive pictures that we all know for good and many black screens. I didn't get this much, it's more an artist video (showing in an exhibition) than a movie. - Amos Gitaï (Israel): An absurd ballet of police officers, journalists, etc. Around a burning car in Jerusalem. Very well done. - Mira Nair (India): about the anti-Islamic feeling that followed September 11th. Very good actualy. - Sean Penn (us): A fun little story that reminds us of a fact that is usually forgotten, the WTC had a huge shadow, and some places now have a daylight they have never had. - Shohei Imamura (Japan): another. Here is not even a word about the WTC, and the action takes place at the end of 2. world War. It has only one message: no war is sacred. This short film gives very deep emotions, but the director would have aparently done better with more than 11 minutes. --- So --- An amazing movie, a good attempt to take the world temperature. I love it.
