This collection of eleven short stories in a movie is a good idea and presents some major segments, but also some disappointing surprises. Based on the tragic event of September 11, 2001 in the United States, eleven leaders were invited to give their approach to the American tragedy. The result of most of them is not only an individual sympathy with the American people, but primarily for the intolerance of the world with different cultures and people. Ken Loach (UK) presents the best segment on September 11, 1973 in Chile, when the democratic government of Salvador Alliende was destroyed by dictator Augusto Pinochet with support from the United States. <br /> <br /> The other excellent segments are the one of Youssef Chahine (Egypt) showing the intolerance of the world and the number of victims US governments in different countries perform in contemporary history; and one of Mira Nair (India) showing a true story of injustice and prejudice against a Pakistani family whose son was wrongly accused of terrorism in the United States when he was actually a hero. <br /> <br /> Some segments are beautiful: Samira Makhmalbaf (Iran) shows the innocent Afghan refugee children preparing for an unofficial shelter against bombs, while their teacher is trying to explain to them what happened on the other side of the world; the romantic Claude Lelouch (France) shows the life of a couple in New York near the WTC; Danis Tanovic (Bosnia and Herzegovina) shows the effects of their war in a small location and lonely solitary protest; Sean Penn is very poetic, showing that life continues; And the history of Shohei Imamura is probably the most impressive showing that there is no holy war, but sadness and disgrace. The Idrissa Quedraogo (Birkina Faso) segment is very naive, but shows the terrible bad conditions of this African nation. The segment of Amos Gital (Israel) is very boring and manipulative, showing more violence and terrorism. The segment of Alejandro González Iñárritu is very disappointing, terrible, without inspiration and certainly the worst. My voice is seven. <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): "11 de Setembro" ("September 11")
