French production, where leading film directors from 11 countries were invited to make 11-minute short films, which conveyed their reflections on the events of September 11th. The film segments vary widely in content and quality. Two refer to US involvement in terrorist acts (in Chile against Allende, who died on September 11, 1973, depicted in the segment of British director Ken Loach, and in Palestine by US-backed Israelis shown in the segment of Egyptian director Youssef Chahine). Two more reminiscent of other devastating acts (a Palestinian suicide bombing in Tel Aviv, shot by Israeli director Amos Gitan, the Japanese "holy war" to the west in World War II by Shohei Imamura). in several stories. Shadows that obscure the New York City apartment from a grieving old man suddenly disappear as the World Trade Tower's telescope to the ground in Sean Penn's piece, which brings the man instant pleasure. But in this bright light he can finally see that his wife is really gone. In Mira Nair's film based on a real event, a young young man, also in New York City, the son of a Pakistani family, is likely to be a fleeting terrorist, but later he proves a hero who sacrificed himself and tried to save others in the towers. <br /> <br /> There are exciting moments dotted throughout. Loach has his enchanted Chilean man quote St. Augustine, for the fact that hope is built of anger and courage: anger in the way things are, courage to change them. Imamura tells us that there is nothing like a holy war. Samira Makhmalbaf shows a teacher with her very young Afghan schoolchildren who have been banished in Iran and is trying to tell them about the events that have just been expelled in New York. But they are understandably more impressed with a great event in their refugee camp, where two men have fallen into a deep well, one killed, the other sustained a broken leg. This is understandable tragedy on a large scale for the 6 year olds. Idrissa Ouedraogo from Burkina Faso creates a drama where a son of a scared woman skips Osama bin Laden in their village and gathers her friends to help capture the fleeting terrorist to get $ 25 million American rewards. He tells his friends not to let any of the adults know their plans, because the elderly would only waste the money on cars and cigarettes while he plans to help his mother and others who are sick and poor. <br /> <br /> It is Mexican director Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu (creator of "Amores Perros") that provides by far the most powerful and chilling segment, one that mostly only shows a dark screen with chanting audio loops and voices and occasional tudding sounds. Short visual flashes allow us gradually to see that bodies fall from the tall floors of the tower, and it tells us that the intestines are that these bodies hit the ground. The sequence ends with elegiac orchestral music and a silence with a sentence first shown only in Arabic, so with a translation added: "Does the light of God give us or blind us?" (In different languages ​​with English subtitles) Grade: 8/10 (B +). (Set on 10/31/04). If you would like to read more of my reviews, send me a message for directions to my websites.
