It was clear from the beginning that 9/11 would inspire as many films as World War II and Vietnam combined; But there is certainly a great danger that most of these movies that come are just as good (or rather bad) as Pearl Harbor. It is a good luck that the first international release around 9/11 is not a cheesy love story with a bunch of beautiful faces, but a collective work of 11 directors from all over the world. I do not intend to say that all 11 episodes are great (for example, Youssef Chahines has an excess prologue with too many cuts, and Shohei Imamura has a really bizarre end) or that the segments are in the right order (Imamura is the one) the only thing not to refer directly to the Twin Towers, should open the movie, not finish it, Alejandro Gonzales Inarritu should be the last one instead, as it is the most impressive. But it is an impressive effort and an interesting portrayal of how other parts of the world respond to the collapse of twin towers. <br /> <br /> Consider Samira Makhmalbaf's opening segment, where Afghan teachers try to explain to her students what happened in New York and in vain suggests a minute's silence. Or Idrissa Ouedraogo's part (which contains a bin Laden twice as much as the real one, that you will be shocked when you see him, I promise), where 5 boys muse about good things that can be done with the reward set out on the barn . There is a surprisingly good (and extremely sour) segment of Ken Loach about a man from Chile talking about what he calls "our Tuesday, September 11" - September 11, 1973, when their elected president Allende was killed and Pinochet installed his dictatorship - with the generous help of Henry Kissinger and the CIA. This could have been a terrible effort in anti-Americanism, but it became a sad story and shares my recognition for the best segment with Inarritu's (primarily sound impressions and phone calls from the hijacked aircraft to a black screen, sometimes a few pictures of people falling down in the WTC and finally a collapsing tower ending with the screen lights up and a question appears) and Amos Gitai about a hysterical reporter is desperately trying to get on the air after a car bomb exploded in Tel Aviv (hard to recognize but this one is a choreographic masterpiece). All these different segments (I have not yet mentioned Claude Lelouch's about a deaf girl, Danis Tanovic on a demonstration of Srebrenica Women, Mira Nair's - weird, but it does require an Indian director to do the part that is probably most appealing to Western tastes - about a Muslim family whose son is under a terrible suspicion after 9/11 and Sean Penn with Ernest Borgnine (yes, Ernest Borgnine) as a widower who leads the most depressing life you can imagine) add up to a unique movies that are not easy to see and difficult to forget. I'm sure this movie will be a classic known for all thirty years from now. I hope it will be remembered to start a long tradition of world cinema. But unfortunately, it is far more likely to be remembered as a single movie action. And since one of the few 9/11 movies made at that time, this horrible event does not reduce a love story with a happy end to just delight the audience.
