This intensely involved 2007 character-driven excitement drama is like a large, juicy piece of Shakespeare-level steak from a master filmmaker learning how to extract exceptionally ugly, leading-edge performances from his actors. Consider for starters - Henry Fonda's one-sided judge in "Twelve Anger Men", Katharine Hepburn's misleading Mary Tyrone in "Long Day's Journey to Night", Rod Steiger's conflict struggle survivor in "The Pwnbroker", William Hold's wine-lion in "Network", and Paul Newman's alcoholic lawyer in "The Verdict". The list includes some of the finest screens in the last half century and you can certainly add Philip Seymour Hoffman's desperately controlling Andy Hanson to the series. At 83, director Sidney Lumet shows no signs of incongruous fatigue, and in fact, he looks forward to the melodramatic fluctuations of first-time actor Kelly Masterson's heavily plotted script. The scope of history is fraudulently small as it focuses on the moral compromises that rage in a family where two brothers have become desperate for immediate money. Woody Allen followed a similar fraternal dynamism in his last film, the odd pinched "Cassandra's Dream," but Lumet is neither broken nor cautious in his harsh approach to this inevitable tale of ambiguity and deception. The reason is about a crime that should be sacrificial. Confusing money from his real estate company payroll to keep his neglected wife Gina happy and satisfy an expensive drug addiction, smoothly talking Andy is being postponed in an IRS review. Meanwhile, his younger brother Hank is a lot of divorce, codendent uncertainties that fall far behind in his alimony and child support. <br /> <br /> Andy confronts an apparently foolproof plan to rob their parent's suburban jewelry store, while none of them should be there. The goal was for the brothers to gather moves, and the parents had to claim the insurance. Murphy's law goes into every possible way starting with Andy pressuring Hank to do the job herself. After some fraternal cabbage, Hank accepts it, but he is too scared to do it alone, he recruits a ruthless, gun-toting busboy to handle the robbery. Of fate, the heel arises on the one day that Andy and Hank's mother open the store and things jump out of control quickly. Although the forward-looking storytelling technique is not new (for example, Alejandro González Iñárritu's "21 Gram"), Masterson's approach works effectively by delineating certain events from multiple perspectives, so you understand how each character is guided to the consequences of an unfortunate event. The play is chanting, starting with Hoffman's ripping performance as Andy, a Machiavellian reptile, whose cool outer and innate amorality masks layers of anger against his family. I thought he was great in Tamara Jenkins' "Savages", but he's even better here. The Lumet itself draws a solid performance from the usually indelible Ethan Hawke as Hank, who embraces him with the emasculated weakness that informs his every unplanned movement. As their imprisoned father, Albert Finney works with his typical late-career blisters, but he provides the necessary basis for the complexities of the oedipal level. Marisa Tomei is a smart choice to play Gina, as the actor economically keys in to the responsive, attentive character of a small but crucial role. The estimated theater runner Rosemary Harris (now better known as Peter Parker's aunt in the "Spider-Man" trilogy) has valuable time as the mother, like Amy Ryan as Hanks bitter ex-wife. <br /> <br /> There are major adjoining scenes, especially as the situation is becoming increasingly desperate for the brothers, but the protagonists inject such an energetic brio into them that the flowers become forgivable. After the disappointment of the cartoon-like "Find Me Guilty", it is refreshing to see the Lumet in top form here. The 2008 DVD provides fantastic informative commentary from Lumet, Hoffman and Hawke, all of which talk with ease and insight throughout. Along with the original theater trailer, there is also a better-than-average 24-minute featurette, "Directed by Sidney Lumet: How The Devil Was Made", containing on-screen footage and excerpts of interviews with Lumet, two of the producers and key actors .
