This is a profound story of how bad things can go wrong. A simple robbery. Get some serious changes. Get our finances together and everything gets hunky-dory. But mom and pop's jewelry store? No problem. Insurance pays for everything. No weapons. No one gets hurt. Easy money. <br /> <br /> Older, more successful (it looks) brother Andy (Philip Seymour Hoffman) has a few minor issues. Heroin addiction, cocaine growth. A wife (Marisa Tomei) there? Well, he can't seem to do too. His flat stomach days are gone. Younger, sweet, slightly poor younger brother, Hank (Ethan Hawke) with a few dinero problems. Behind child allowance for his daughter, in debt to friends and relatives, not exactly wowing them in the work, etc. <br /> <br /> In this performance at the age of 82 (!), Sydney Lumet manages and gets 99.99 percent right, which is hard to do in a thriller. I've seen more thrillers than I can remember, and mostly the director gets the movie printed and lives with the plot holes, the inconveniences, the cheesy scenes and the hurry-up ending. Here Lumet makes a thriller as it is a work of art. Every detail is perfect. The action is amazing. The plot has no holes. The story rings true and clear and represents a tale of human fragility that would honor the greatest filmmakers and even Bard itself. Of course, Hoffman is excellent. When you do not have threshold, leading man presence, you need to move forward on talent, craft and pure concentration. Ethan Hawke, who is no stranger to the sweet little penny role, adds a layer of desperation and overly human incompetence to that part, so we don't know if he should be ashamed or divorced. Albert Finney plays the father of the friendly sons with a kind of star intensity illuminating his age. And Marisa Tomei, who has magical qualities of sexiness to go along with her unique creativity, manages to be both vulnerable and tough as nails as Andy's two timing wife. (But who could blame her?) It is almost a movie reviewer's sacrilege to give a commercial thriller five or ten stars, but if you study this movie that every hopeful filmmaker would be well advised to do, you'll notice that kind of excessive (According to most Hollywood producers) attention to detail that gives true art - the kind of thing that only great artists can do and it just can't help. (By the way, I think there were twenty producers on this movie? Well, maybe a dozen; check the credits.) All I can say in summary is, way to go Sydney Lumet, author of a lot of great movies and to show such fidelity to your craft and your art at such an advanced age ?? kudos. May we all do half as well. <br /> <br /> Okay, 00.01 percent. It was unlikely that the father (Albert Finney) could have followed the cabs that Andy took in New York without losing his tail in some way. This is less, and I wish all strings could have such a small blip. One also wonders why Lumet decided not to tell us about Hank's fate at the end. We can guess and guess. Perhaps his fate fell on the floor room. Perhaps Lumet was not happy with what was filmed and time is running out, and he just said, "Let it be that way. It doesn't matter." And I don't think so. What happens to Hank, it doesn't get well. He is not the kind of guy who manages to run to Mexico and is able to start a new life. He is the kind of guy who gets a "light" sentence from 10 to 20 and serves it and comes out of some kind of enchanted man who knows he was not a man when he should have been. <br /> <br See this for Sidney Lumet, one of Hollywood's best, director of The Pawnbroker (1964), The Group (1966), Serpico (1973), Dog Day Afternoon (1975), Network (1976) and many more.
