Tarantino once remarked on a 1930s melodrama called the Backstreet that "the tragedy is like another character" in the movie. The same could be said - and not resisting raising Tarantino - to Sidney Lumet's best work this year, a melodrama where character is of major concern, not only because of what is at stake with the cast involved. Kelly Masterson does not have a masterpiece of a script here (it basically breaks into crazy killer mode at the end of a series of climatic events that only work at the end and even here the suspension of infidelity is crucial), but her script transfers character before plot, and in a story where the action surrounds a heist, it is crucial to know who these people are beat by beat. It is bleak as hell, unforgiving as Satan, but also completely riveted 90% of the time. <br /> <br /> Lime it up, not just because Lumet knows how to handle a non-linear script, where we see the day-to-day actions from character to character before, and most after that beautiful 'mom & pop' jewelry store engraving occurs, but because of the formidable cast assemblage (which I might add is Lumet's specialty). Philip Seymour Hoffman and Ethan Hawke are brothers with their respective financial f *** ups, and the former approaches the latter on what looks like a foolish hoist: looting their own mother and father's jewelry store in Westchester. Hawke's Hank brings yet another shady sign, even though murder is occurring, and suddenly it's a Greek scale tragedy that affects the brothers and their father, played by a perfect Albert Finney. It is the kind of material that most actors love - characters that, as in dog day afternoon, are painfully human, broken to the bone, but only want love and / or things to be put right, and have complete inability to fulfill their wishes and needs. <br /> <br /> In this case, however, Hoffman and Hawke are beautifully matched; Hoffman has until the last ten minutes mentioned above a super-calm and occasionally fun demeanor that reveals him as the brains of the operation, but then shifts smaller scenes where he breaks down emotionally (ie with Finney or the car scene with Tomei) his talents to the limit; Meanwhile, Hawke is called a loser by his former wife and daughter, can't pay any debt and is called a baby by his own father, and he fills the bill of the part in all the ways that matter - he's not equal as wrong as his older brother, but who will choose a straw for that title? And Finney, as mentioned, is spot-on all the way through, making his Big Fish trip resemble the child's play (the final scenes with him are frighteningly tragic, his face recoiling in a horror that has built everything through the other half). <br /> <br /> Also with supporting turns from a fine ditsy and perversely two-timing Marisa Tomei, Bugs Michael Shannon as poor white waste, and Amy Ryan, Brian F. O'Byrne and Rosemary Harris Short, accurate impressions This is a movie with a huge amount of skill and heart - but not a forgiving heart - with a story that doubles the details, not for flashy plot units, but to cope with every step of a family's eternal downward spiral. If it's not as fun as Serpico or Network or Mortgage or 12 Angry Men, it comes as close as anything Lumet has done since.
