In New York, Andy Hanson (Philip Seymour Hoffman) is a dependent head of a real estate office who has confused much of his addiction and expensive lifestyle with his wife Gina (Marisa Tomei). When a review is scheduled in his department, he becomes desperate for money. His baby brother Hank Hanson (Ethan Hawke) is a complete loser due to three months of child support for his daughter and has a love affair with Gina every Thursday afternoon. Andy discovers a raising of their parents' jewelry on a Saturday morning without the use of weapons and expects to find an old employee who works and without financial harm to his parents, as the insurer will repay the loss. Monday morning, we would raise the necessary money he needed to cover his poisoning. He invites Hank to participate, as he is very well known in the shopping center, where the jewelery is located and could be recognized. However, Hank shines and calls on the thief Bobby Lasorda (Brian F. O'Byrne) to steal the store, but things go wrong when their mother Nanette (Rosemary Harris) is to replace the clerk and Bobby brings a hidden gun. Nanette responds and kills Bobby, but she is also shot dead. After Nanette's death, their father Charles Hanson (Albert Finney) decides to investigate the robbery with tragic consequences. <br /> <br /> "Before the devil knows you are dead" is a mistake that reveals a good story. The original and the difference are in the manuscript, with a non-linear narrative à la "Pulp Fiction". The fifty-three-year-old Sidney Lumet has yet another great job, and this is an impressive long term for this director. Philip Seymour Hoffman is amazing in the role of a dysfunctional man with a traumatic relationship with his father who feels the world is falling apart mostly because of his uncertain and clumsy brother. Marisa Tomei is still stunningly beautiful and sexy and shows a magnificent body. The violent conclusion shows that the world is really an evil place. My voice is seven. <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): "Antes Que o Diabo Saiba Que Você Está Morto" ("Before the Devil Know You Are Dead")
