The Bible teaches us that money love is the root of all evil. The love of money leads to greed, which can lead to pride and eventually to destruction. Two brothers, Andy and Hank, will discover how much money love will cost them and those they love the most. <br /> <br /> Andy Hanson (Philip Seymour Hoffman) and his little brother Hank (Ethan Hawke) couldn't I am no different. Apparently Andy seems to enjoy the success of working in the New York real estate market and is married to his beautiful wife Gina (Marisa Tomei), who is the idea of ​​a wife of faith if ever existed. Hank is, however, a divorce which finds itself to his ex-wife, his daughter's expensive school bills and endless amounts of child support. A man who does well and has good intentions cannot escape Hank from the water as he slowly travels over his head, no matter how hard he swims to keep it. <br /> <br /> But Andy has his own problems with the only difference between him and his brother is that he hides them better. He has committed fraud against his company and is heavily involved in drug abuse to escape his fear. The pressure in his life and the lies he needs to maintain his performance have now made him think of fleeing the country with Gina to start again. Of course, like Hank, he needs money to do this and thinks he knows how to get it. How? By depriving the jewelry box that their parents own and run. This treacherous act is where the Hanson brothers, their families and several other lives will be destroyed due to greed, pride and fear. <br /> <br /> The uniqueness of before the devil knows you are dead is the way in which the story is told. After the robbery goes wrong and Nanette Hanson (Rosemary Harris), the mother of both Andy and Hank, is killed, the story is told from a variety of views from different days before and after the robbery attempt. We learn more about the motivation of not only Andy and Hank, but also the reaction of their father Charles (Albert Finney) to his wife. The relationship between Charles and his two sons, especially to Andy, is also explored and another possible motivation of kind is discovered after it is obvious that there is little love between the two men. Nanette may have been loved by his sons, but their father is another story. Philip Seymour Hoffman once again proves why he is one of the most impressive actors in Hollywood today by portraying Andy as not only a greedy criminal with a lack of morality but also contradictory as a man we can sympathize with. with. Ethan Hawke also brings Hank alive, not just as a loser, but really as a man just desperately hanging on what he has left. Andy and Hank are thus brought to life in such a realistic way that it is easy to think of them as not just figures, but the very real pictures of lost and confused men who are now confronted with the consequences of their actions. <br /> <br /> Before the devil knows you are dead, a moral narrative is about how our actions lead to consequences that we would otherwise not expect to meet. More than that, our choices can also affect those around us in ways we never expected. In what should have been the best picture of the year, we see how life is easily broken when the love of money becomes the ultimate pursuit to ease our troubled lives. In other words, there are no easy solutions or answers to our problems, and trying to find them can only make things worse. <br /> <br /> 10/10
