I have to admit that this is the type of movie I would normally avoid, but I rented it basically because of the stars. I was definitely not sad. In fact, as you can see, I rated it five stars. This movie is the perfect combination of sharp leading and superior acting. <br /> <br /> Andy and Hank Hanson are brothers who decide to commit the innocent crime to rob their parents' jewelry store. The crime goes horribly wrong - thus, an investigation of the three men in the Hanson family begins. Through a series of flashbacks, we teach Charles Hanson and understand the strained relationship between father and sons. Younger brother, Hank is basically a screw. He has always had trouble keeping a job and goes pretty much in the direction of the wind. Hank is insecure, fake and much under the influence of his big brother. Ethan Hawke has the character of Hank "nailed to a T" and gives what is probably his best performance so far. He shows us a man who is basically good-hearted, but then influenced by outside forces that he cannot follow with any important task. <br /> <br /> Andy - on the surface - seems to be a successful businessman, but soon we discover he's addicted to drugs and confused his business to pay for his habit. It is Andy who clashes the scheme to steal his parents' store, and he has a weak will to commit the act. Philip Seymour Hoffman - probably one of the finest actors of our time - plays Andy. Hoffman is an actor who has the ability to portray a man who on the surface is a charming businessman who likes his acquaintances, but a real mucus underneath. He is perfect for Andy's part, or he can be said to have made Andy the perfect part through his superior action skills. Albert Finney plays a father who is common to his generation. Charles Hanson is not a bad or unpleasant man, but he has a miserable relationship with his sons because he never really understood what was needed to bring up a positive bond between his sons and himself. He has always been too quick to criticize and admire. He always made it clear that he favored his younger son over his elderly, thus creating a broad emotional relationship between himself and Andy. When we get to know Charles and Andy, the idea of ​​Andy is planning to rob his father less unbelievably. <br /> <br /> On a personal note, I can't believe how much Charles Hanson reminded me of my own father, and how much Andy and Hank reminded me of my own brother and myself. Perhaps this may be one of the reasons why I had the film as much as this story of a distant, critical father, a more successful older brother, and a less successful youngster hit so close to home. Luckily, my brother and I never came to the state to commit a crime against my parents - guess we were made of sterner and more moral things. <br /> <br /> This complex of personalities and actions has become an expert composed of director, Sidney Lumet. At thirty-three, he still has the chops to give the audience exciting characters and the edge of sitting actions that hypnotize. 12 Angry But his first movie was made fifty years before the devil knows you're dead, but he hasn't lost any of his magical touch in showing us characters that will be long remembered. <br /> <br /> The Events and Signs Before the Devil Knows You're Dead is tough and uninteresting, and it's certainly not a good movie. However, it is two hours of ultimate entertainment that I thoroughly recommend.
