The full title of this movie is' May you be in heaven half an hour before the devil knows you're dead ', a rewording of the old Irish toast' Do you have food and clothes, a soft pillow for the head? May you be 40 in heaven before the devil knows you're dead. "First-time writer Kelly Masterson (with some changes to director Sidney Lumet) has pronounced a melodrama that explores how fragmented a family can become when external forces drive members to unthinkable extremes. In this movie, the viewer is allowed to witness the gradual but almost complete implosion of a family through a very used but very sensible manipulation of the flashback / flash forward technique of narration. By repeatedly offering the various events for each of the signs of the key events that run this contradictory tale, we see all the motivations of the players in this case of a robbery that has gone very wrong. <br /> <br /> Andy Hanson (Philip Seymour Hoffman) is a wealthy leader, married to an emotionally needy Gina (Marisa Tomei) and dependent on an expensive drug abuse. His life has begun to crumble and he needs money. Andy's ne're-do well-younger brother Hank (Ethan Hawke) is a ruin - he is divorced from his shrewish wife Martha (Amy Ryan), lies behind alimony and child support and has borrowed everything he can from his friends and he need money. Andy proposes a small key robbery of a small Mall Mom-and-Pop jewelry store that promises safe, fast cash for both. The glitch is that the jewelry story belongs to men's parents - Charles (Albert Finney) and Nanette (Rosemary Harris). Andy progress Hank some money and wrangles a deal that Hank will make the actual robbery, but even though Hank agrees with the "fail-safe" plan, he hires a friend to take on the actual job while Hank plans to be the driver of Escape car. The robbery is terribly botched when Nanette, submitting to the permanent clerk, shoots the robber and is himself shot in the mess. The disaster reveals many secrets of the family's fragile relationships, and when Nanette dies, Charles and Andy and Hank (and their respective partners) run at disastrous ends with surprises at every turn. <br /> <br /> Each of the actors in this strong, yet emotional, movie offers amazing performances, and while we have come to expect that from Hoffman, Hawke, Tomei, Finney, Ryan and Harris, it is the wise hand of direction from Sidney Lumet, which makes this movie so unforgettable. It's not an easy movie to watch, but it's a movie that allows some brave performances that demand our respect, a movie that reminds us of how fragile many families can be. Grady Harp
