I have to admit that I had my doubts about this movie before I had to see it. The main reason for this is because it was compared to a Hitchcock movie. I have seen several films that are said to be inspired by Hitchcock, or it could have been made by the 'Master of Suspense' itself, but so far I have not seen any of these films that could test time. In my opinion, Hitchcock has become a household name that is easily used to promote some (cheap) thrillers, but on the other hand, I must admit that I was fascinated by it because it is a European movie. Usually, the big Hollywood studies would like to abuse Hitchcock's name if it can increase their income. But this film was made in one of the most chauvinist European countries ever, and I am sure most French would rather die than admit that their film has been inspired by an Englishman. That's why I decided to give this movie a try and I have to say I'm glad I did. <br /> <br /> "Sur mes lèvres" or "Read my Lips" as it is called in English, tells the story of a young secretary named Carla. She is a hardworking and loyal employee, but has never been much appreciated by her colleagues. It has a lot to do with the fact that she suffers from a hearing deficiency which has refused her to climb the hierarchical ladder of the company. But when she is allowed to hire a trainee who can work for her, everything is changing. Paul Angeli is a 25 year old and completely unskilled ex-prison. The man is thief, but Carla gives him a chance and covers for him when needed. She hopes to teach him how a normal life should look, but at the same time he draws her with him in his old life ... Since I still believe the name Hitchcock is used to often describe a very good thriller - as this movie is absolutely - I will not make any comparisons between Hitchcock and Jacques Audiard's directing. The fact is that the man has done a really good job with this film. I hadn't heard of him before, but it's true that he knows how to build excitement and how to keep yourself interested from the beginning to the end. It also has a lot to do with the very fine and original story of course. I doubt if anyone in Hollywood is ever going to use a disabled woman in a strong role, instead of turning her into the helpless subject of a violent man (you know the typical television movie story). <br /> <br /> Also worth noting is the appearance of this movie. Vincent Cassel is quite famous, but Emmanuelle Devos was a complete mystery to me. There is absolutely nothing glamorous about their roles, but they both did an excellent job with their characters, making them feel very credible and realistic. Paul could have been the average hard guy just outside prison and Carla the typically helpless woman, but thanks to their performances, you really believe that there are two strong people who have both suffered a bit of a life accident, but who will do the best out of it together. <br /> All in all, it is a powerful movie with a very fine script and some excellent actors. Despite having doubts about it, I soon became one of her greatest admirers. I give this movie an 8/10. Don't hesitate to try.
