I start to see a very consistent pattern in the identity of the 2007 film. If 2004 was the year of the theaters, and 2005 was the year of the political films, 2007 can be identified as a year with a wide range of moral stories, films depicting, testing, challenging and questioning human morals and the motives that run us to do certain things. Although this identification is quite broad, I think there is a handful of movies released this year, such as. 3:10 to Yuma, Eastern promises, American gangster, no land for old men and others specifically asking and studying human morals and motives that drive us to acts like violence or treason. Before the devil knows you are dead is an incredibly stylish moral tale, and quite a dark, gloomy and depressing one on it. And even better is the fact that it comes from one of the greatest classical forces of our time, the legendary Sidney Lumet, as many have said, has passed its prime, but returns in full force with this vicious criminal thriller. <br /> <br /> It's one of those movies whose plot is so thick, one is very reluctant to go into detail. It's a movie that can best be enjoyed if you enter without prior knowledge of the events of unfolding as there are twists and turns. But the thick and really smart plot is not at all in the middle of this movie; The true focus, as I mentioned, is moral history; the motives that drive these two men to the actions they do in the movie. In a plot structured as a combination of the movie footage of both The Coen Brothers (namely Blood Simple and Fargo) and Quentin Tarantino, we see two men driven under different shady circumstances to pull out a pretty simple crime that goes unbelievable ridiculously wrong and reciprocated with full strength and inevitable tragedy. And to make it even more interesting, the film is told in a fragmented chronology that holds back tracking and shows a series of events that follow a different character each time and always end up where it ended last time. Sizzling, sharp, thick and unusually depressing, Kelly Masterson's manuscript is surprisingly exciting and well-rounded, especially because it's a debut script. <br /> <br /> But the movie has a lot more to do with it than it is a frighteningly scary and rather depressing plot. First of all, the picture looks good and feels good. Throughout his career Sidney Lumet has consistently engaged in an interesting style of film and lighting: naturalistic and yet stylish at the same time. The film produces a characteristic air in style and class, with wonderful natural lighting that just looks really good. Editing is first-rate; Combining the sizzling drama-thriller aspect with very long takes it really takes their time to portray the action accordingly. And live, dynamic camera angles and movements add further style. The film is also backed by a fantastic succulent musical score by Carter Burwell. The play does its part, and of course, Lumet does its part, but in the dramatic center of the film are three masterful actors who deliver incredibly good performances. First of all, there are two leaders. Leading the pack is Philip Seymour Hoffman, who has always been an excellent actor, but has stumbled upon the newly found leading man status after his unnaturally amazing Oscar-winning performance in Capote. His turn in this movie is fascinating: highly deficient, broken, manic. Hoffman has some really intense scenes in the movie that really allow his full dramatic rage to come out, not just his subtlety and joke. At his side is Ethan Hawke, who has delivered some fantastic performances in many films that are almost always overshadowed by larger, larger players. Here he jumps out of Hoffman and complements him so incredibly well; All in all, it is dynamic that works between the two, just as amazing and convincing, the audience loses very quickly in the characters and forgets that it looks at actors. And then there is Albert Finney. Such a supple, sumptuous support role as the one he needs for a veteran professor, and here Finney gives his best performance for many years as the tragically occupied father of the two brothers caught in the crime. I love how the dynamics between the three play out. I love how Hoffman is clearly the dominant brother and shameless picks on his younger brother even now that they are middle-aged men; and yet it is clear how Finney's father favors Hawke's younger, weaker brother. Also on the subject of the cast, the two supporting female characters ?? wives of the brothers ?? also has amazing performances by Amy Ryan and Marisa Tomei, whose appearance just gets better and better as the years go by. <br /> <br /> This movie is not revolutionary. These themes and this style have already been explored by people like The Coen Brothers and it is very easy to imagine managing this movie. But for a movie that needs familiar ground, it simply stands out. Lumet employs her own huge director talent and uses his unique and very subtle sense of irony and style for Masterson's brilliant vibrant, intense and morbidly depressing first-time play. The main performances are incredibly intense, and the movie has amazing twists from Hoffman, Hawke and Finney; but the real biggest wonder in the movie is that three years after he won a lifetime performance Oscar, highly honored as the ultimate sign of retirement in the film industry, Sidney Lumet shows that he still has the enormous talent to deliver a truly wonderful resonance, intense cinema reminiscent of his golden years.
