Sydney Lumet has not had a box office hit for 20 years and yet at 83 has managed to churn out a tight, well-molded, thrilling thriller set in his old stamping ground, New York City. (How he got insurance, let alone the budget after all these flops, is also a mystery). The story is a rather gloomy one, and the characters are not very sympathetic, but it kept me on the edge of my seat for the last scene. <br /> <br /> Two brothers with urgent financial troubles are gathering to rob a suburban jewelry store owned by their older parents. The only victim will be the insurance company. The robbery goes wrong and two people die. Most of the movie is concerned about the aftermath. The action is non-linear and is seen from the main points of different views, but it is not difficult to follow. What is not so easy to train out is back story ?? How did the brothers get into such a mess? There are tracks? The younger brother, who is the family child, is his father's favorite, while the older brother seems to have a lot of luggage about his relationship with his father and vice versa, but it hardly stands for him to become a heroin user murdering contempt. Like the disgusting elder brother, a corpulent dominates the Philip Seymour Hoffman movie, but he is well supported by Ethan Hawke as his bullied, inadequate younger brother. Albert Finney as their father seems to be in constant rage, but then the script requires it. Marisa Tomei as the elder brother's cheating wife at the age of 42 sets in the sexiest performance I have seen for many years. The movie literally begins with a bang, but we are quite quickly away from the comfort zone. <br /> <br /> I do not know the origins of this story of first time screenwriter Kelly Masterton, but I suppose that as Lumet's big 70's movie "Dog Day Afternoon" is based on actually ?? It is too stupid to be false. Lumet is just about the last of these incredibly versatile old artisan studio directors who were able to control almost everything in front of them with great speed. Some beautiful films were produced in this way as well as some classic turkeys. This is not a classic of either sort ?? It is a well-developed piece of downbeat entertainment. It will probably leave you feeling lucky not to be a member of a family as dysfunctional as this one, but still wondering how they came that way. We know that the parents were happy, but we see so little of the mother and hear so little about her that it is impossible to get their relationship with the boys. (There is also a daughter whose presence seems superfluous). Well, as Tolstoy, we must conclude that "every unhappy family is unhappy in its own way".
