What an exceptional crime thriller !! My wife and I saw this at the Toronto International Film Festival last week and it was by far the best movie in an exceptionally strong festival. It's already my second favorite movie of full time after DR. STRANGELOVE and I was definitely on an emotional high when I went home and discussed the movie with my wife. <br /> <br /> I don't want to spoil the plot because thrillers of this caliber are best enjoyed without preconceptions. A synopsis that I would feel comfortable sharing is that two brothers, played by Phillip Seymour Hoffman and Ethan Hawke, plan to rob a jewelry store in Westchester, New York. The movie runs back and forth in time during approx. two weeks (before, during and after the robbery), and a key scene is repeated at least three times. It can usually interfere with the speed of a movie, but it never happens during this masterpiece. The excitement, excitement and even the quality of the actress only seemed to improve as the film evolved. At the end I was on the edge of my seat and waited to see how it would all close. I know I've used a few clichés in this post, but I was literally on the edge of my seat. I should mention that the nonlinear story is quite easy to follow. This is not the kind of movie where you will hear listeners asking their friend to explain the plot during the movie. The play is absolutely brilliant all around, and I doubt I would have the same admiration for the movie if the casting wasn't so perfect. One small complaint is that Hoffman and Hawke do not look like brothers, but it is a minor haze that I can easily overlook. Hoffman was at his best and some of his Hawke scenes were positively electric. Marisa Tomei (as Hoffman's wife) and Albert Finney (as father of Hoffman & Hawke) are also very good at supporting roles. Even some cameo performances were so impressive that I still remember all the comments, gestures and facial expressions of Brian O'Byrne and Michael Shannon? absolute perfection. The scene of the robbery felt more authentic than any other movie throat scene I've ever seen, and I had the same sense of authenticity in most scenes, especially those with Hoffman. The music helped build the excitement of the whole movie, often the same notes played very effectively. I played the music in the head the following day, even though I sat through other movies. In addition to my minor complaint at the beginning of this section, there was a plot twist that felt a bit incredible (great spoiler so I can't describe the scene). Otherwise, this movie is pretty darn close to perfect. <br /> <br /> There were about a dozen great movies at the festival that I would enjoy watching another time, but BEFORE DEVIL KNOW THAT IS DEAD is in a league of its own. As one side, director Sidney Lumet spoke in front of the film and introduced Marisa Tomei and Ethan Hawke on stage. Tomei did not speak and she acted a little shy, so Lumet asked, "Can you believe that someone so beautiful could be so camera-shy?" This comment is quite ironic considering the graphic opening scene !!
