Two dysfunctional brothers (Philip Seymour Hoffman and Ethan Hawke) get tired of competing for who's the biggest f *** up and who Dad (Albert Finney) loves more so they close a hairy scheme to steal Mommy and Daddy's jewelry store so they can clear their debts and start fresh. It sounds like a fantastic plan, except that this is an exciting 1970s style melodrama about a heist gone wrong, and boy, does things really go wrong here for our rude duo and everyone involved. Lasciviously concocted by screenwriter Kelly Masterson and classically performed by director Sidney Lumet, "Before the devil knows you are dead" the hoist uses his McGuffin to dive deep into the family drama. Contrary to popular belief, Sidney Lumet is not dead. At the age of 83, he apparently entered into an agreement with the Devil to deliver a final major movie. Lumet was on its tone in the 1970s with films like "Dog Day Afternoon", "Serpico" and one of my favorite films from all the time, "Network". He has somehow managed to make a film that bears all the characteristics of the classics, while mixing some more modern elements (graphic sexuality, violence and playing with time frames and POVs) into a crackling, vibrant, lean, medieval and provocative melodrama. One can only hope that some of the modern greats (like Scorsese or Spielberg) that emerged during the same decade that Lumet was on top of his game will get so much chutzpah back when they reach age. <br /> <br /> Lumet is a master to guide people who go through space to create tensions and develop characters. As they threw rollers through finely appointed Manhattan offices and apartments, his slow moving camera creates a tangible sense of anxiety as we never know who could be around the next corner or what that person could do in the next room. Also amazing is how Lumet utilizes multiple POVs and changing timeframe approach. The coherent and classic presentation he uses makes the similarly structured films of wunderkind's Christopher Nolan and Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu as amateur times. Of course, Lumet is the best to manage amazing ensemblecasts and trick them into acting within an inch of their lives. Philip Seymour Hoffman has never been and will probably never be better than he is here. Albert Finney's funny hurtful depiction of a father betrayed and at the end of his rope is a masterpiece to see unfold. Ethan Hawke, who is usually a nondescript beautiful boy, is perfect as the emotionally pre-crushed younger brother who has slowly cut his charm and appearance. However, Coup-de-Grace is the stage scene between Hoffman and Marisa Tomei, honestly on the point of his fleeting trophy wife. Lumet runs them through the gamut of emotions that culminate in a scene that is the best of its kind when William Holden told Beatrice Straight right into a best-supporting actress Oscar in "Network." <br /> <br /> The devil of any big movie is in the details, from Albert Finney's button on his car's trunk, which doesn't close due to a fender bender, to the appearance of Amy Ryan (fresh out of her amazing trip in "Gone Baby Gone" gives her ex-husband Ethan Hawke, with his false promise to her little girl, all three knowing that he will not hold to the systematic excavation of a family on the sledges, the dialogue that begs for cultures to quote it (my favorite line is the hilarious threatening "Do you mind if I call you Chico?") for the excellent Carter Burwell score. "Before the devil knows you are dead" is this year's movie. If something happens best, we know that a couple of other offers must have been mediated with Old Scratch.
