French film directors continue to amaze with their extraordinary ability to simulate the sights and sounds of everyday life. This appeared easily with the release in early 2002 of L'Emploi du temps (Time Out), a brilliant character study of a white claim worker's descent into melancholy after being fired from his job. Like the love of the French cinema, many scenes were shot in real streets and in public places, which gave a cinema suite to the story, but L'Emploi du temps also had an elegant look thanks to excellent camera work and some amazing scenes (especially a Swiss mountain retreat) . Running pretty much on the heels of the masterful film comes another impressive French production, Jacques Audiard's gritty crime caper, Sur mes clears (Read My Lips). In fact, tagging this movie a crime maker makes it a bad thing because it's so much more than that. As with the previous French release, it is a prominent character study of marginalized people who use their wits to move forward in a society that has returned to them. In a parliament building firm, Carla, a shy little young woman is sitting at her desk sequestered to an office area that is an important road to xerox machines and toilets. Obnoxious colleagues use the front of Carla's desk to chat and get rid of their semi-finished Styrofoam cups of coffee. Partly deaf, Carla turns her hearing aids on and off at will, whose noise becomes annoying, be it the queen of the hard copy or the screaming cry of a friend's baby. When her boss calls her into the office to suggest that she hire a secretary assistant to help her with the workload, she fears she will lose her job. At the employment office, Carla lists the specifications she wants for her assistant (preferably husband), as if she were with a Personals Agency. He must be 25 years old and clean-cut, with extensive computer and archiving skills. When the agency sends over an unafraid, threatening young man, Carla is both shocked and fascinated. They leave the office and eat lunch at a local eatery where Carla interviews his potential assistant. When she finds out that he just got out of prison, Carla will not have anything to do with Paul at first, but has a change of heart and hires him. Although basically friendly to her helper, Carla now finds herself in a position of authority and possesses a newfound sense of power. Paul learns quickly and becomes a qualified worker. Carla helps Paul find a temporary place to live and even covers him when his parole officer shows one day in the office and wonder why Paul missed his deal. During one of their lunch breaks, Carla Paul informs about her lack of hearing and reveals her ability to read lips. Later, when an avid employee blatantly takes over a project that Carla has worked on, a furious Carla Paul's help asks for revenge on the man. From here, Sur mes will be delivered an increasingly intense crime movie that escalates into some of the most violent graphic scenes that have been shown on the screen in recent years. The play borrows elements from Hitchcock, especially BAGWINDU, where Carla's lip reading figures come in full swing with a binoculars. There is a fair, repeated sexual attraction between the two protagonists, culminating in a rather weird tribute to NORTH BY NORTHWEST, but it works because of the significant sexual warmth that slowly builds between the two stars. When you say that, it's not as much like the classic Hitchcock thrillers, though these elements are there, but the pervasive is one of a modern city (in this case Paris), where life runs from everyday workdays to a tasty, lively nightlife, where sex, drugs and money laundering infiltrate the lives of more characters. Unlike Hollywood productions, this is a psychological tension yarn in which the peoples resemble everyday man and woman in the street, where a blow to the face or groin sounds like a malignant spout and where the office is a place to fear. It's Hitchcock with the gloves off.
