"Blob" qualifies as a Kultsci-fi movie, not only because it launched 27-year-old Steve McQueen on a superstard track, but also because it exploited the popular themes of both invasion and teenage crime that were inseparable in the 1950s. Interestingly, no one in the Kay Linaker & Theodore Simonson refers to the amorphous scarlet protoplasm that landed in a meteor and threatened everyone in the small town of Downingtown Pennsylvania on a Friday night as "The Blob". Steve McQueen won the role of Josh Randall, the old Western bounty hunter in Wanted: Dead or Alive, after producer Dick Powell saw this Paramount Pictures release. Meanwhile, McQueen's attractive girlfriend Aneta Corsaut went on to star opposite Andy Griffith in "The Andy Griffith Show" as Sheriff Taylor's schoolteacher friend Helen Crump. Of course, neither McQueen nor Corsaut were teens, but so rarely did the actual teens play real teens. Director Irvin S. Yeaworth, Jr., made his direct debut with "The Blob." Linaker & Simonson's play synthesized four genres: first, the alien invasion; Secondly, teenage crime; Third, a murder mystery, and fourth; a horror chiller. Moreover, it is largely anonymous, while the gelatinous substance takes various forms. In other words, the eponymous Jell-O also does not speak and communicate via telepathy. Instead, it kills without nausea and discriminates no one. The tone of "The Blob" is quite serious despite its somewhat campy nature. As the filmmakers point out the criterion of the DVD release of "The Blob", the film uniquely opens for a sci-fi horror thriller with our hero and heroine in a remote rural area who makes and kisses. Jane (Anita Corsaut) and Steve (Steve McQueen) see a big meteor fall to the ground and run off to find it. Meanwhile, an old man finds the meteor and prods it with a stick. The meteor cracks open and a slimy bunch of goop sticks to the stick. When the old hour (Olin Howland of "The Paleface") looks at it, goop goes to hand. The old guy runs screaming from the crater, and Steve almost hits him with his jealousy. Steve and Jane choose the guy and take him to see Dr. The hall in town. <br /> <br /> The hall is ready to leave the city for a medical conference when Steve and Jane bring the old guy to his office. The hall phones its nurse to return, as he might have to perform an amputation. The hall has of course never seen anything like the fabric on the man's forearm. The hall sends Steve and Jane to find out what happened. Our heroes run into another group of teenagers who ridicule Steve's quick drive. Steve tricked him into a reverse run, but local policeman Dave (Earl Rowe) dropped him off. Steve and teenagers visit the meteor crater's site and find the hot remains of the meteor. After visiting the old man's house and rescuing a dog, the teenagers split a scary sennate movie while Steve and Jane returned to Dr. Hall's office. Meanwhile, the blob has completely absorbed the old geezer, killed Hall's nurse and attacked the doctor. Neither the acid thrown on the protoplasm nor the hall shotgun has any effect on blob. Steve gets a glimpse of the blob absorbing hall. When Steve and Jane go to the police to report the incident, Dave is honestly incredible, while Sergeant Bert (John Benson) thinks it's a prank. Bert has an ax to paint with teenagers because his wife died when she hit her car. <br /> <br /> Steve and Jane take them to Hallen's office, but they can't find hide or hair, but Dave admits the office has been vandalized. Towards Sgt. Bert's advice, Dave turns the teenager over to their respective parents. Previously, Steve and Jane have fooled their people into believing they are sleeping in bed than they wake up again. They drive into the city and look at the old man's dog that came away from them in front of a supermarket. As they go to grab the mutt, Steve sticks in front of the electric supermarket's electric eyepiece, and it opens. They find no one inside, but they encounter blob. Steve and Jane take refuge in a freezer and blob does not attack them. Later, after they flee, Steve survives the teens who challenged him in a street race to warn the authorities because he was supposed to be at home in bed. Police chief Dave and the fire department arrive at the supermarket. Steve is trying to convince Dave that blob is in the store. Around that time, the blob kills the theater projectionist and attacks the movie gamers. Suddenly a horde of people goes out of the theater, and Dave thinks Steve. Steve and Jane turn up on a lunch counter that blob attacks. The proprietor and our heroes lean in the basement, and Steve discovers that a fire extinguisher with its freezing content forces the blood to leave. The authorities collect all fire extinguishers in the city and manage to freeze the blobs. The Pentagon sends a team to transport the blob to the North Pole. As the remnants of the blob driver fall to the ice pack, the final credit is displayed with a ghost giant questioned. Producer James B. Harris was stocked with military recordings by a Globe master military transport aircraft that deposited the parachute and its cargo. <br /> <br /> "Blob" turned out to be a running game and Steve McQueen's flight to the star gave the film added momentum. Unless you are young, this little horror movie is not scary at all, but Yeaworth and his scenarios create a sufficient amount of paranoia and sympathy for our heroes. They never show the blob that actually receives their victims and leaves this to your imagination, so "The Blob" is not without a modicum of subtlety.
