I had first seen this several years ago on a now secluded Sicilian television channel; surprisingly, the movie appeared as an affordable DVD from Criterion: not being sure of what I had made of it originally (despite having gained cult status over the years, the performance is properly seen with modesty even of genre buffs), I did not choose to make the purchase ?? as I did with the similar and unknown FIEND WITHOUT A FACE (1958). Recently, I succeeded in acquiring the BLOB via a copy of the Spanish DVD, which was interestingly sent over the two audio comments from the "Special Edition" criterion ?? but unfortunately I could not turn off the Spanish subtitles while playing the main function! Anyway, watching the movie again, I was surprised at how much I enjoyed it (despite many a narrative error that I will come to later) ?? as a pure example of 'B-film' sklockiness (atypical shot in pleasant color) and a time capsule illustrating social attitudes of the late 1950s. The male leadership was an early role for Steve (n) McQueen, and although the actor may have looked at it with contempt later, his only contribution to the genre shows the rather engaging: not wild for youth shoots, but still substantially decent (and, more importantly, altruistic) children. The special effects depicting the slimy and expanding being are not so bad by their nature and period; the film itself rises to a good climax? beginning with the monster's invasion of a cinema (showing DAGHTER OF HORROR [1953/7] as I mentioned recently in the film's review, but being curiously screened "turned" and what order would happen to be discussed at the opening of a satirical Italian program actually called "Blob"!). As for the little snails I have with the movie: The monster is not shown on a journey ?? it just comes up in a number of places, never seen by anyone! there is an astounding overload (similar to padding) on ​​the children's scrap with the police; is it silly to have the city doctor shoot at The Blob ?? as if fluid, regardless of its proportion, can be destroyed by bullets! just as inappropriate is getting teenagers aware of the dangers of the dangers by making door-to-door visits (especially when considering it, only McQueen had actually seen the monster in action)! An inferior sequel occurred in 1972 called BEWARE THE BLOB! The original was then restored in 1988 ?? I didn't see this long ago, but it doesn't seem to have made a lasting impression on me (although I know Micheal Elliott loves it). For the post I follow this view with two more collaborations between director Yeaworth and producer Jack H. Harris, namely 4D MAN (1959) and DINOSAURUS! (1960).
