BLOB is a great horror movie, not only because of the vivid horrific images of its almost unstoppable, meatless title character, but because it has a real community announcement. It is in many ways a "feel-good horror movie". The clever story has been immensely helped by solid performances from all over cast. The two romantic leaders, Steve McQueen and Aneta Corsaut, bring surprising depth and sentimentality to the matter. They are misunderstood, but very well-meaning young people, and it is very easy to row for them. <br /> <br /> This is a pro-community movie and its juvenile criminal characters cause problems primarily out of boredom, not out of some malicious character errors. Steve McQueen's traction competitor looks almost an enemy early in the case, but quickly joins McQueen's campaign to save the city from the oozing invader when he sees McQueen's seriousness. In this way, a sign situation that first looks like cartoon develops sudden depth and human realism. The authorities' original skepticism about the child's wild claims has proven wrong - and when the threat is acknowledged by everyone, all conflict in society disappears. This unification of the purpose and validation of "troublemaking" teenagers becomes official when Aneta Corsaut's father breaks into the school to freeze the fire extinguishers Blob. On another day, school burglary would be regarded as an act of vandalism typical of juvenile delinquency - on this particular day, it is a necessary action by an adult authority figure. At this turning point, it is clear that there are no lines of division between the young and the old. <br /> <br /> This is an unusual movie, recognizing the notion of a "generation gap", but suggesting it is more imaginative than right, and given a real crisis, people will naturally tie together to restore order. "The Blob" is a perfect tonic for the kind of depression that generally comes with a view of "Night of the Living Dead" (1968). Many are made from the film's cheap but innovative and effective!) Visual effects. They are unthinkable wise. Many of the gravity-pant tricks we see Blob perform were achieved with miniature sets designed to be rotated. The camera was typically attached to the sets in a very fixed "locked" position (the lights should be similarly secured that the lighting remained stable as the room was turned in that way). These scenes were often photographed one frame at a time as the room was slowly turned - the silicone block was very slowly, and its action was needed to be tapered. In a way, this resembled stopping exercise photography, but utilizing a silicone lump instead of an articulated puppet. Even today, the effects are spectacular and bizarre. <br /> <br /> A very good movie with an exploiting sound title, THE BLOB is a must-see.
