Movies such as Chocolat, Beau Travail and others have driven French director Claire Denis to the top of the world's most unique and precious filmmakers, and her movie 2004 The Intruder (L'Intrus) adds the depth of her portfolio. A cinematic poem that conveys the mood of loneliness and loss, gives the film an insight into the psyche of a man who exacerbates physically and mentally and who travels to different parts of the world seeking redemption and peace, but finds it difficult to pass by. . Loosely based on Jean-Luc Nancy's memoir for a heart transplant, The Intruder is a film of such unsustainable opaqueness that even after two prospects, it is difficult to describe it in other than subjective, impressionist terms. <br /> <br /> Louis Trebor (Michael Subor) is a man in the seventies who probably dies of a heart disease and, as the professor of Ingmar Bergman's wild strawberries, tries to express himself with the faults of his life while he have time. Obviously, he is physically robust and very wealthy, but seems emotionally drained, and the appearance of his face is a quiet departure. Although we only see an episode of violence where he comes out of bed in the middle of the night to kill an intruder, there is a creepy feeling about him. He can be an intelligence officer, a foreign agent, or a hit man. No matter what he seems to be under surveillance and acts as a man who has been involved in criminal offenses and is only now able to see the consequences. Facial close-ups throughout the film create a strong sense of isolation. He lives with his dogs in a cabin in the Jura Mountains near the French-Swiss border and has a foreign son Sidney (Gregoire Collin) whom he has long neglected. Sidney lives nearby with his wife Antoinette (Florence Loiret-Caille) and their two children. In a narrative scene, he meets with his father on the street and calls him a lunatic, but it does not prevent him from taking his money. <br /> <br /> When the movie opens, we meet Antoinette, a Swiss border guard, who manages a van with a trained dog to cheat something lame. When she comes home, she is met by her husband, asking her that she has something to tell? Apart from these three individuals, the people and circumstances we see under the rest of the film can only exist in Louis' imagination. Louis has three women in his life, and we meet them all in the film's first half hour: a pharmacy (Bambou) preparing his drug, a neighbor (Béatrice Dalle), a dog breeder who refuses to care for his dogs, When he goes away on a trip that tells him they are as crazy as he is and a young Russian organ dealer (Katia Golubeva), he says he wants a "youngster's heart". <br /> <br /> But mercilessly she stalks him throughout the film, but apparently only in his mind. In the latter part of the film, Louis travels to South Korea to seek a heart transplant and to Tahiti to deliver a gift to another son he hasn't seen for many years or may never have seen. His heart transplant, however, seems to be a metaphor for a man without a heart, a man whose life has been fascinating but ultimately pointless and penetrates the lives of others with little real empathy. The intruder includes a joking guitar soundtrack by Stuart Staples from the band Tindersticks, reminiscent of the guitar riff in Jim Jarmusch's Dead Man, and the amazing filmography of Denis's regular Agnes Godard. <br /> <br /> Godard creates memorable images that convey a mood of longing and regret: a heart beating alone in the snow, an infant in a sling looking up to his father for a good two minutes, baby's expressions gradually change from morose to half a smile, colored streamers blowing from a newly baptized ship, a massage in a dark room of a mysterious Korean masseuse and the widespread sea view from a bubbling deck. While the consumer may be frustrating because of his elliptical nature, Denis forces us to act out of our own experience to understand the images on the screen at a very personal level. If there is any theme, there may be a hint in the opening that tells us what is revealed piecemeal in the movie - "Your worst enemies are hiding in the shadow of your heart."
