I think of this at our local festival, where people saw me so often, they believed me a better source than I could actually have, began with a main chess: "Now I can't sum up the plot, but it's really excellent character study of an extremely frightening man. "Then I ran a little embarrassed into a person who actually knew what had gone down, that is, from whom the Three Citizens unknowingly get their new heart. It was my last film on a long, long day halfway through the festival. Maybe I had been deaf. The better a movie is, the more likely it is the daydream that sends me real dreams. Do not know. Knowing that there was an O'Henry twist achingly just above my ken when things were finished. And knew that it had to do with the heart, hence the quiet hilarious talent search. My plot-loss remark had more to do with the intricacies of Trebor's connections in France, his relationship with the dog woman and so on, things I had been awake for. Denis hardly looks at details that could have rooted another director's treatment. <br /> <br /> But I write these things too often from memory, especially festival movies, movies whose DVD I don't have available (Le Lait de la tendresse humaine is one of many examples.) and plot kinks fade a lot faster than wider impressions. Anyway, or already, in my memory L'Inrus is at all a drawing study of some kind of superman from the dark side, a superfinder not portrayed in genre or historical staircase, but active and plausible, relatively soft, driven, but patient right among us. The scar, when he achieves it, does him, just visually I mean, in picture, a kind of hybrid Frankenstein monster, crazy doctor and creation all in one. The real doctors are his tools. If he does not extract and install the heart himself, it is only because it is not possible. He is the strength, always the parasite consumes everyone, he touches and finally himself. What more is he? To suggest that he is us, the first world against the third, seems too simple, as he does not live less on his first first worlds on all of us. <br /> <br /> Denis Camera's eye - when it comes to things I know - usually goes where my will, so I tend to trust her when she looks at things I don't know. Snow clothing, for quick cycling and forest darkness I have known in small ways, but the southern lake at all, so I got better access to L'Intrus, both France and the crystalline islands, than in Beau travail. L'Intrus is for me a very pleasant unpleasant movie. It is a sequence of places that are confidently emphasized, with an intimacy that allows us to know them whether we have seen reality or not. A single picture, Trebor cycling, his massive emphasis on the thin racing frame, the sound of broken air and screaming tires, the asphalt band, the dark-in-sunlight evergreens, cued me that the movie would be linear, a road trip, a single will-driven drive. <br /> <br /> Despite Trebor's personal power, he is a human failure. No matter who he is with, he is alone, although apparently he has not always been. His body interrupts life twice, first to need the new heart, so despite it. L'Intrus is tragedy. Woodborne is hubris. <br /> <br /> I dangerously navigate the thread of what I remember. Let's leave it by that.
