Sammo Hung's 1989 film Pedicab Driver is considered by many to be his masterpiece. I agree to some extent as the film in its greatest parts really gets so amazing and amazing as any movie from Hong Kong that ever has. It is a combination of pretty good and well-written drama, interesting and sympathetic (and also non-sympathetic) characters, some really funny humor and really over-the-top hyper kung fu that guarantees many jaws fall when someone is not familiar With the Hong Kong cinema, the movie as well as that of the experienced enthusiasts of the unique industry. Sammo and Max Mok Siu Chung play two pedicab drivers who live in Hong Kong in the middle of the last century, I believe. They run their cabs and are also desperate for love. Sammo is interested in the local baking Ping (Nina Li Chi) while one day he meets a mysterious and beautiful Fennie Yuen Kit-Ying he falls in love with. Many other characters are also introduced and they remain pretty clear all the time if the viewer really Concentrate on the movie and its plot, so I can't say the movie is confusing as it can be much worse, especially in Hong Kong! We will soon know that a ruthless gangster family is terrorizing the neighborhood and, of course, their acts of violence also affect our protagonists, and so the precondition for some of the most incredibly choreographed Kung Fu fighting sequences has been created. And some nice dramas. <br /> <br /> The movie has a great cast. The wires are all very good and detained (not so painfully horrific overbearing and "humor" as in Sammo's otherwise great Eastern Condors (1987), and they are also thanks to the carefully written manuscript rather sympathetic and easy to identify with. many well-known HK cinema faces and directors in small roles such as Corey Yuen Kwai (the legendary action director and director of films such as Savior of the Soul 1 and 2, Ninja in the Dragon's Den and Fong Sai Yuk 1 and 2), the masterful composer Lowell Lo Koon-Ting (John Woo's The Killer and Ringo Lamb's school on fire and jail on fire among many others, included Pedicab Driver!), Shaw veteran Liu Chia Liang (who with Sammo has a furious fight with sticks) Alfred Cheung Kin-Ting (director of the dark HK noir classic On the Run of 1988), the late Big Lam Ching Ying (known for his friendly face in various HK vampire horror / kung fu / comedies) just to name a few.Driver one of the most interesting I have seen in any other HK production. <br /> <br /> The movie has some interesting peaceful moments especially about the love affair between Max Mok and Fennie Yuen and a crisis they face thanks to Lowell Los character. They could really have made this a very serious piece if they had wanted as discussions about human values ​​and the importance of love, no matter what your past or what you have done to live becomes so serious and really effective in the middle that the movie becomes Immediately much more remarkable than our average Kung Fu appear. The other characters' efforts to heal things are also very touching and tell a lot about real human relationships and friendship and of course love. I still think what Fennie says to Max (about the future "bad cooking") is very unnecessary and tones the potential of the whole segment and its themes down pretty effectively, unfortunately. But then we come to what the filmmakers were most interested in. What is the action, the monstrous and over-the-top action. The battle scenes include traditional kung fu, some sticks, meat splinters and the like, and they are used here as hysterical as in the most insane kung fu scene I've seen in any movie ever, Jackie Chans Drunken Master II (1994), they are really so big ! There are wires and they are used very wisely and people literally fly to the opposite corner of the room when they are kicked or stopped. Simply amazing and again something Hong Kong cinema ONLY can deliver. Also, the dangerous stunts make the viewer hold his breath as the movie has a fast car vs pedicab chase sequence and various dangerous-looking jumps and torso flies through the air and shatters powerfully to the hard destination. Still, the filmmakers do not seem to "accept" the violence in the movie when Sammo is like late Bruce Lee, willing to embark on the final murderous chaos in the gangster villa, and I think this kind of morality doesn't matter where Obviously or superficially it may be, a good thing even in a harmless movie like this, as the cinema must be much more than just brainless entertainment. <br /> <br /> The movie also has some very witty bits of humor, I'm not sure anyone in Hollywood or America (for example) would understand or suffer at all. The hilarious Star Wars gag in the beginning is certainly among these, and it literally forced me when I realized what I saw. Also some fun scenes are created out of Sammo's passion for Ping. Still, the biggest astonishing scream came under the scenes depicted in the previous pharagraph, as images of tall and tall men fly with great force over the screen to the walls or furniture is simply INSANE and so breathtaking that I just can't save my feelings and thoughts about these Eastern filmmakers, when I witness something like this, and it's only positive and appreciated reaction, of course. Pedicab Driver is one of the most incredible action films from Hong Kong that I have ever seen and easily seen among Sammo's greatest achievements. If the few minor errors were not there, this could judge even brighter and higher. 8.10
