It is a gentle, light-hearted 1950's comedy. Kim Novak belongs to a witch association in Manhattan. She puts a spell on neighbor Jimmy Stewart out of boredom, but eventually falls in love with him and loses her strength. Look, witches are allowed to have "warm blood" but not love. Elsa Lanchester is Novak's aunt, also a witch. Jack Lemmon is her brother. Hermione Gingold is the main witch, and Ernie Kovacks is Sidney Redlich, a writer who specializes in writing about witches. <br /> <br /> I described it as a 1950's comedy because it could hardly be confused with anything else. Everything is so smooth and polished, from the decorated decor, through wardrobe and plot, to performances and direction. Take the character of Ernie Kovacks. He is referred to as "a full and a nut." And here's how the film demonstrates these features. He asks for another drink, and although he always wears a jacket and tie like the other gentlemen, his hair is a little long and confused. It is a strict 1950s version of a full and a nut. Nothing is out of place; everything is tidy and free of dust. The sun of Jimmy Stewart's shoes is barely scuffed. <br /> <br /> And the Zodiac Club where the witches hang out. It's called "a low dive". Still, it is a clean, dark place with polite servants, a quintet of musicians, nicely dressed clients and potted plants against mere bricks. It's not my idea or your "low dive" - ​​not even for Greenwich Village in 1958. My idea of ​​a dive in Greenwich Village is Julius or The White Horse Tavern or The San Remo or The Swing Rendezvous, a now-disused lesbian hangout. The Zodiac Club is a high dive compared to these. The cook we always hear about is subdued by today's standards. I mean, Kim Novak is strange because she runs around in her apartment in her bare feet. And she wears many black clothes that Beatniks did during the period. <br /> <br /> Remember all that. It's an enjoyable romantic comedy. Kim Novak is effective as Gillian, who runs a primitive art store for the uplifted. She has a strange beauty, bulky and ethereal at the same time. She slides forward to walk, a sharp presence. Her eyebrows appear to be drawn with a set of plastic French baskets. And Jimmy Stewart is quite good as the confused and enchanted victim. In the 1930s, he usually played in light roles. In the post-war period and for much of the 1950s he was the tortured protagonist, but here he sets his early experience in comedy for good use. Who could resist laughing when Hermione Gingold forced him to wear a shawl and drink a fierce collection of stupid fluid to cure him of Novak's spelling? It is good to see him as a stooge instead of the angry and indignant man of the principle that he was in danger of becoming. Richard Quine sets the film quietly, without fireworks or special effects, and does some interesting things that the game could not have had. Note the scene where Novak plays the spelling of Stewart when the Siamese cat's face and ears appear to fuse with Novak's scary eyes. Ernie Kovacks in the 1950s was a well-known television personality. There was never anything like The Ernie Kovack's show before - or after. It brings to mind the word "surrealism". He could produce five minutes worth of wordless and indescribable tricks in an unpopular space with only Bartok's Concerto for Orchestra as a backdrop. And he made an impenetrable sketch using Percy Dovetail's character, an effete poet. The credits kind of jump over The Condoli Brothers, but it's pretty coincidental because these two guys - Pete and Conte - were virtuoso trumpeters with independent careers in jazz ensembles. Conte was later a member of Doc Severison's band at Johnny Carson's late show. The third act kind of ants down a bit and becomes more "romantic" than "comedy". But it is never boring. The whole movie rolls as narrow as Van Drut's game and the kids will probably get a kick out of it as well.
