I can see B, B & C and feel all the feelings I felt when I first saw it at the age of 18, maybe just one. Totally Miss K.Novak has not lost its silky style for almost half a century. She was a thinking youth Diana Dors. All the thinking youths who now collect their pensions can briefly regain the heart - cluster, collar-tightening, blood-pulsating joy they felt as she looked directly into their eyes back in those days when they were told they had never had it so well. Now huddled up against the cold and fear of being curled by a hoodie, they blink home as soon as their arthritic knees can carry them from the Video Shop, relatively fond of the knowledge that in the triple locked comparative safety of their fourth - Floor towers block flat they can regain just a small fragment of their lost youth and perhaps reflect that love really is eternal. This movie is Miss Novak's Golden Moment. She grabbed it with favor and gave a favorite of amazing voluptuousness combined with a hypnotic awareness of her own sex - appeal and despite all this she convinced us that her character possesses a strange and insulting innocence. She totally dominates the gracious Mr J.Stewart, who seems to step down to give her the movie. Misses E.Lanchester and H.Gingold offer comic relief with E. Kovacs, whose special talents are strictly prohibited. Mr J.Lemmon plays Miss Novak's brother. It is a beatnik, a species that disappeared as soon as it realized that its existence was recognized by the mainstream.Some of the more hardcore beats reinvented themselves as hippies a few years later. they became acting in 1958 and Mr. Lemmon does not seem too concerned about restraint by portraying one. But everything else is just frippery, the Miss Novak - bathed in a particularly beautiful spectrum of Technicolor - is the only raison d'etre to "Bell, Book and Candle". It survives, its reputation improves as the ultimate showcase for one of Hollywood's most beautiful women. Loved by moviegoers, ignored by critics, Miss Novak will continue to catch up with the enigmatic smile all the time because old men have the power to push the "Play" buttons on their DVDs. One day, probably after we are all gone, she will be discovered by a new generation who will gradually realize that it is quite possible for a woman to be fully dressed and sexually attractive at the same time.
