John Van Drutt's "Bell, Book and Candle" is a wonderful and unexpected fantasy of a heathen of modern witches living in New York City; It was, of course, an attractive film feature. It was a big part for Gillian Holroyd, for her former book publisher, compulsory tax, Shepherd Henderson, and her madcap family and circle, including Shep's confused fiancé, the haunting Merle Kittredge, against whose chances with Shep Gillian begin her magic stake casting. It even had the Pyewacket, a Siamese cat known for well-founded miaows, Sidney Redlitch, a false witch expert with horrible pretensions and bad manners. In short, it seemed to be the manufacturer, perhaps box-office magic. And it turned out to be. So many things were right about its production, it only had one item not perfect; but i found the rest to be entertaining, charming and very consistent entertaining. Initially, the manuscript of Daniel Taradash kept the best qualities of the fine theatrical game, but opened his scenes to include Greenwich Village and other areas of the New York scene. The technical production was beautiful, with the cinematography of the legendary James Wong Howe, a fine score by George Duning, more than clever set of Louis Diage and dresses by Jean Louis. In the attractive cast were Wolfe Barzell, Howard McNear, Janice Rule as Merle, Ernie Kovacs as Redlitch, Jack Lemmon as Gillia's brother-in-law, wonderful comedians Elsa Lanchester and Hermione Gingold as colleagues and lovely Kim Novak in one of his most touching parts as Gillian. Jimmy Stewart was the imperfect element of my judgment; He did well with his comic parts, but he was never convincing as a New York publisher, and a bit too old for Henderson's part. But director Richard Quine used subtle lights, tempo changes, and unusually complex images to indicate the oddness of the film's hedgehog, as the other portions were very luminous, but even in their presentation. The biggest crisis in the movie happens when Gillian actually falls to Henderson, who doesn't even believe in witches. She only began alienating him from her fiancé, her solitary partner. Later, when Henderson tries to go out, he continues to come back to her - and realizes he is spelling as she apologized for trying to explain to him. Meanwhile, Sidney Redlich has been called by witchcraft to come to New York to sell his book to Henderson. Of course, he knows nothing of all magic, but is completely confused and interested in finding out why he had come anywhere; but Gillian's brother informs him. Everything comes out in the end in this romantic satire as Gillian proves her love for Henderson by losing her strength - which is what happens to witches when they truly love a mortal. Of course he would never really resist her. The film has sharp dialogue, charm and a little "magic" of itself in the witch's flawed charm and the plagues Gillian must undergo in her struggle with herself and to win the man she loves. A lovely ending to this beautifully photographed and unusual romance makes its amazing realism, though a fantasy, almost completely in my opinion. Memorably lovely.
