The game Bell, Book and Candle was a favorite of mature actresses to do in the summer stock and on the road. A famous story, told by director Harold J. Kennedy, Ginger Rogers has insisted that her husband William Marshall, who was not an actor, cost her. Marshall carried a toupee and as he walked through a doorway, his toupee caught a nail and stuck behind and dangled in the doorway as he walked on the stage. <br /> <br /> The play was successfully adapted to a beautiful color film starring Kim Novak, James Stewart, Jack Lemmon, Elsa Lanchester, Hermoine Gingold, Ernie Kovacs and Janice Rule. It's easy entertainment, about a normal-looking family of witches (Novak, Lemmon and Lanchester) and the publisher (Stewart) who lives in their building. The most expert of them is the hungry, soft-faced Gillian who would love to be normal. One evening with Stewart in her apartment, she puts a magic on him using his Siamese cat, the Pyewacket, and he falls in love with her. <br /> <br /> "Bell Book and Candle" was recorded on a charming set that replicates New York. The movie is lots of fun. Jack Lemmon is very fun in a supportive role as Gillian's brother, a witch musician and the warlock-laden Zodiac Club. He uses his powers to turn on and off streetlights and to turn on the occasional woman. Janice Rule is perfect as it snobs ex-college rival Gillian, now dating Stewart, and Ernie Kovacs has a great trip as an eccentric who writes the final book on witches. Lanchester and Gingold are of course always wonderful, Lanchester Gillian's Aunt Aunt and Gingold as a kind of queen of witchcraft. <br /> <br /> Kim Novak is a good form of Gillian, giving the character a freedom that fits a witch who shows emotion when it becomes appropriate, and with that voice, fabulous face and magnificent wardrobe she is certainly magical. Stewart, in his last foray as a romantic leader, cost Novak as he did in Vertigo, and they make an effective team. He delivers the heat, she delivers the keel, and somehow they sparkle. In this he is of course much more elegant than in "Vertigo". A charming movie, good for a Sunday afternoon, good about Christmas (as part of it is done by Christianity), and great if you want to smile.
