Occasionally, you come across a movie that defines your values ​​and shows you the true depth of human emotions that leave you drained. Vivah is just that ?? maybe more. After seeing DDLJ, Saajan and Lamhey, I really thought Bollywood has reached its peak and will never come up with anything like that - EVER. Boy was I wrong! I went to the store to buy some groceries and decided to choose this movie with the new "DON" (just so I can compare The Great AB with ShahRukh even though the decision is already made in my mind). After debating whether I was going to waste nearly 3 hours on a meaningless movie, I decided to see it realize that I had nothing else to do. When I saw the U-score instead of an A, I was glad it was at least something that I didn't have to see a little dressed women with bad acting dignity, doing nothing but dancing on every occasion they get and Do with every guy to show that they have more skills in bed than a Hollywood B actress. For the first 5 minutes or so I thought again to be exposed to meaningless history with bad acting. After all those who have seen Shahid Kapor know that he who has never received his fame as a complete actor. Boy ?? I was wrong in this movie. This movie caught my interest after the first 5 minutes and would never let it go. It was a great movie with a good story about the vanishing traditions of our society. Not only did I like the director being brave enough to make a movie where the younger generation might not have been concerned with the concept (of arranged marriage), but also that he did so with a conviction (that is the right thing to do). I have no idea why some think the play was not good. I felt that the play was great, and although music scores might not be considered the best ever, it was still very good. The good thing is that this music will grow on people over time as it did to me after I watched that movie again. The other good thing is that you songs are not pushed into the script, as we have all seen in so many movies. These songs actually tell a great deal of the story and are definitely a welcome addition. Like Ajay Devgan went from being a joke to a great actor (by company), and Salman found his trace of "Hum Aapkey Hain Kaun"; This movie will help Shahid Kappor be the best actors and entertainers in Bollywood. This is his first movie where I like him and his role. He acted well and adapted to being the lovely, beautiful young rich child. Yes, you won't find him playing basketball and scoring every point in a dunk, as if you saw ShahRukh in DDLJ (though he is shown to be an Indian in England, both countries not big on Basketball by the way) as very credible as a person who is true to his values. Amrita Rao, for the first time came across as a person to remember. In all her other films she competed with big faces that actually prevented her. No one knew how well an actress she really is before they see this movie. Some of the scenes in which she has to cry especially towards the end really show her knowledge and depth of acting. Although she's been in another movie, she's most memorable in this one. I think this movie will and will make wonders for her. Move over Rani ?? There is finally another girl who, if you get a decent chance to work with good directors, can get hold of the torch from you. She is beautiful with a good voice and has a face that radiates completely innocence. Oh with almost 0% body fat doesn't hurt either (yes people I want to challenge, you find just 0.1% fat on her and unlike so many others like Sonali, she can actually shop too). I thought I would never be enchanted by everyone's beauty after Madhuri and early Kajol, but she completely changed it. Shahid and Amrita worked very well together and their relationship started their characters, and they both did an excellent job (though I waited for Shahid to become a girl Salman did every time he said "Hum Aapkey Hain Kaun"). When I finished watching this movie, it left me so emotionally drained that I decided to watch this movie again (immediately). Yes, right away. I never did. Not even with DDLJ, but this movie just had something that could be understood over and over again. I will probably watch this movie a third time over the weekend so I can see and relive the traditions we all grew up with. I miss the times when families were having fun. When parents had time for their children and where children respected what their parents believed in. I know many people, think that the film does not portray real life, but deep down, we do not all want it to happen. The families, your tradition, love and respect. This is what this movie reminds us all about. I can assure you that it is a very suitable movie that you will enjoy. I'm sure some youngsters don't like this movie, but if you're over 28, I doubt you will be one of them.
