An absolutely brilliant movie! Jiri Trnka, the master of puppet animation, confronts totalitarianism in this, his final film. It would be banned by the Communist Czechoslovakian government (at that time) despite taking the country's highest animation prize. <br /> <br /> In this dark and entertaining short film, an artist is trying to create a new pot for his favorite plant. He happily makes his creations while dreaming that his plant will grow to be a beautiful rose. Suddenly, he is here a knock at the door, and in this gigantic almighty hand, trying to force the artist to make statues in his likeness. The artist resists as well as he can, but he is eventually overwhelmed by the constant attempts, by hand, to force him to comply. He becomes brainwashed an intellectual zombie. At this time, the hand attaches strictly to the artist, puts him in a cage and uses him to make hand sculptures. The artist's inner desire to express himself freely is what helps him overcome his indoctrination and enables him to escape from prison, whether literally or in his mind and returning to his home where he is now must live in constant fear of the wrath of the Almighty. He closes in and believes that he is out of reach of the almighty hand, but in the process he sets up his plant and pot high and hopes that it is out of reach and it ends up falling, killing him the artist is inevitably destroyed by his own creation. All because of the constant fear he had to live with, he escaped the hand of the hand. When it is dead, the hand paints the artist as a great person, a national hero. Unfortunately, not under the circumstances or the reasons why the artist would like to be remembered. Trnka is the condemnation of the totalitarian society, and their lack of right to free expression is dark, astonishing and an incredibly animated one. It is no wonder that the government banned it, as it is the kind of media that people admire and may even listen to. It was obviously not acceptable. A great example of an artist's civil disobedience and the influence it can have. And still quite relevant today for many parts of the world, from the United States to the Middle East. One must see and define 10 out of 10! Talk about going out with a bang!
