At first, I did not like the movie cause to be a Nazi swastika drama. But after buying it and seeing it, it wasn't that bad. I heard so many complaints about the numbers being short and Ilse Werner not singing. Now I understand. The radio program was a super propaganda radio program. Ilse, Johanne and Zara as well as Rudy Shruki and bands such as Kurt Widman and his orchestra and Fud Cantic's exeter did not appear in the radio program, because the singers and bands were of pop jazz and swing categories. Club Foot had regulated that to tour the inhabited areas of the soldiers of short-wave radios to the soldiers also night clubs and hotels in Berlin and Hamburg, and only record sales. Therefore, Ilse was not allowed to sing in this picture. This would be made of medium budget musical, Were making music, in 1942, where she would demonstrate her whistling. But this is an excellent example of propaganda. Inge and her aunt Eichhorn, played by Ida Wust, go to the 1936 Olympics. The aunt forgets her tickets, so Inge has to wait until her aunt returns with the tickets. She meets Carle Radditz, who plays Herbert, who has an extra ticket. She goes with him and it is love at first sight. they plan to marry, but the Spanish war gets in the way so he has to go on a task to the right. Carl Raddatz, since so many people complained about him were really nice and not ordinary. When he made upgrades and they put a mustache on him plus his own sunburn that made him ready to watch. You can see the Nazi soldiers acting as normal, as a scene where a former butcher and his troops are in France, and they steal pigs from a farm and they are making lunch until their leader suggests saving the pigs. This reflects Adolph's animal rights extremism. The character was a butcher now soldier. This was a subtle cure for meat-eating. Just in World War II, Herbert flies in a German plane. We shoot one of the pilots so Herbert takes over. We shoot his plane. They crash. Unfortunately for us they survive. Secondly, the Nazi soldiers go to a Catholic church, now they put Catholics down, and Hubert's best helmet played by Joachim Brennecke starts playing the organ Beethtoven. Several bombs come in from us. The church is bomb more the soldier continues to stay and play the organ he is told to leave. We end up hurting him. Propaganda message? The Catholic Church organ makes him become addicted to it. It hurt him. See? At this time, Inge is with her either mother or grandmother, the game Hedwig Bleibteu, the same German Grandame actress who played Maria Holst's Aunt in Weiner Blut. Well, later it comes to the short view of the radio program. This was not supposed to be a musical revue, as Kora Terry released the same year was as well. As Rosen in Tirol, the music as well as their side of the war were probably only the relapse. It was primarily a war romantic movie. It is easy to shoot a shot at these soldiers in the movie, but in fact many of these soldiers were forced to fight Nazi causes, the cause of the job and the monthly wages they would receive. After the war, many of those who survived would regret it. This is a good swastika classic. The only problem is that today you have neo Nazi and Nazi heads who saw the same movies reflecting their Hitler worship and theirs. They have disruptive websites that exploit these movie classics to raise money for their madness. Beware of most of the time, only the hate classics. If their scenario looks like they are glorifying it, then it jumps on a Nazi website. Go to IHF or German wartime dot com, Amazon dot Dee or German video dot net. They are legitimate. 01/23/10 Mada a mistake, it wasn't Herber's friend who was killed in the church. It was Malte Yager's character's friend Schartzscop.
