I must first admit that I am a big fan of The Dandy Warhols, and that is why I came and watched this movie. Unique in this movie compared to other modern rockumentaries is that it's not just about a page in a band's history (like "I'm trying to break your heart", about Wilco), but rather covers a long time in the band's history. In this movie, director / producer Ondi Timoner followed close friends / rivals The Brian Jonestown Massacre (BJM) and The Dandy Warhols (DW) for more than 8 years (1995 - 2003) and shooting huge 1500 hours of raw video, cut to 1 : 45 hours (the future DVD release will contain much more material than the original movie). The result is amazing - there are no fillers - the film is 100% pure and true archive film that gives you the feeling of movie progress that you live with the band all these years. Both bands at the beginning of their career promised to "make a revolution" in music production and not to sell their souls to the "record industry devil". However, their paths diverge quickly - Dandy Warhols signed a contract with Capitol Records and became relatively popular (especially in Europe) after only one album, while The Brian Jonestown Massacre (with his self-destructive leader Anton Newcombe) dissolved in oblivion (in it least how it is portrayed in the movie). And the film follows the descent of The Brian Jonestown Massacre, as opposed to the rise of The Dandy Warhols. <br /> <br /> Firstly, I was delighted with the movie and its approach to telling the story of Anton Newcombe (for example, Courtney Taylor - the leader of The Dandy Warhols - narrator), but after some thoughts I realized that there is something wrong with this movie. First, it deals with Anton Newcombe as a lost person. The project started in 1995 as a documentary on several promising new groups, where Anton Newcombe and Ondi Timoner were equal partners (that was why all these years Ondi Timoner had unmanned access to both bands). It was Anton Newcombe, who took The Dandy Warhols in the project. Eventually, he was completely ignored as if he were kicked out of the project. Everyone talks about BJM, but he does not participate in the discussion. I suppose he wasn't even informed when the group started the final editing process. There is always both sides of the story, and here we only have one ... Of course, as one would expect, Anton does not accept the final result and sees this movie as a betrayal of his former friends. <br /> Second, the movie is very much Dandy Warhol's bias. Certainly, the winner takes everything, but the fact that Courtney Taylor (DW's leader) tells (although it looks like a good choice - it gives a sense of seemingly closer involvement) and that bands' delayed history is represented disproportionately (BJM is covered until 1997, and DW - until 2003), does not add objectivity to the movie. <br /> <br /> Third, the movie is (somewhat) low. What will it teach us? As a critic said, "... movies are investigating old questions: where does genius fit into a commodified world? Can it thrive and cause it, or does it need self-destruction to maintain its integrity?" No, it does not investigate these issues! It just depicts a story of a brilliant but unsuccessful musician, told by a less brilliant but successful one who indulges in self-confidence and eternal coolness of an ego greater than mountain. <br /> <br /> Anyway, the movie was fun - it's raw, it's fresh, it's stylish, it's ... just god damn interesting, at least for DW or BJM fans. For the rest of the audience - I don't know ...
