Anton Newcombe and Courtney Taylor are friends, both of whom are leaders in their respective bands; Anton with Brian Jonestown Massacre and Courtney with The Dandy Warhols. What is interesting about their friendship is that they are rivals; It is a love hate affair. Sometimes you hear them praise each other, but the next second they complain about how stupid and self-absorbed they are. While Dandy Warhol's reach commercial success, BJM was still stuck in the underground scene; and for good reason why. <br /> <br /> Focus on you! is more towards Anton and BJM, as they have much more substance. They are the most dysfunctional bands. During recordings, they will fight and bash each other. Anton will hit other members if he feels they are not doing well. With the amount of drugs an alcohol they consume, the fight was always waiting to happen. You know how people go to car ranks just to see if a huge car accident occurs; therefore, people would go to their recordings, for the fighting. <br /> <br /> Anton is very unstable. Always thinking of a music messiah, he wants to change music and create a revolution, but he could never get out of the ground. He is a very talented musician, it is great how many instruments he can play and with such skill. But his drawing is that he cannot escape the world he created; a productive musician stuck in a black hole medicine, alcohol and depression. On the other hand, Dandy Warhols had their own problems. They did not find much success with their first album and struggled constantly with their record company. But they found great success in Europe. But Courtney is sucked back into the world of Anton. Interestingly, both Anton and Courtney both had what the other needed. Courtney would always be musically talented like Anton, although Anton wouldn't say it, he needed the commercial success that Dandy had to make his revolution. During the course of seven years, the film staff followed these two bands, there are many recordings. There is never a dull moment in you! It is constantly moving along as it does not have time to slow down as it has much to say, seven years of history tells in 1h 45mins is a hard work. Ondi Timoner has done a good job of gathering one of the best music documentaries that makes you always want more. Although you don't like the bands, it still deserves to see; It transcends the music to reveal a great story of a successful failure. You will not be disappointed.
