Excellent documentary, apparently about friendship and subsequent rivalry between two west coast retro rock'n'roll bands: The Dandy Warhols and Brian Jonestown Massacre. What it actually turns out to be is a portrait of a borderline psychopath - Anton Newcomb - and his tortured relationship with the rest of the world. Interestingly, for a music documentary, there is hardly any music. What is - catching songs, more often than not interrupted by the artists - is random rather than central. Although the protagonists are musicians, the story is not about music, but rather about a special American version of a British myth about a cartoon lifestyle, that is, one where no one should take responsibility for acting as spoiled full-time youth. Tantrums, drugs, violence, grossly dysfunctional attitudes, egoism in a truly epic scale - all this is apologetic or positively encouraged, because it is consistent with some collectively held ideas of what rock'n'roll is all about. As a movie, this is a first-rate documentary, but it raises more questions than it answers. Why is Anton's music so conservative? For someone who is so wild and scandalous (and he is willing and outrageous) his music never seems to have evolved beyond the most obvious derivations of his 60s idols (The Stones, Velvets, etc.) For anyone who claims to be able to Playing 80 instruments has never bothered to learn to play any of them beyond the most rudimentary level. Similarly, Dandy Warhol's fiery ambition is based on a vision of rock'n'roll, which is amazingly fossilized in 1969. Of course, there is nothing wrong with pastilles, but there is more musical life than continuing to build a cartoon from the end of The 60s. Why don't they take any risks with their music - just as their role models did? Because, a presumption, it's not about music. Music is just an accessory, a prop, or an excuse, to lead totally dysfunctional and irresponsible lives. But why? In the Dandy Warhols case, the answer is obvious: making a lot of money and being famous. Big deal. Anton Newkom's case is more interesting. He is, of course, very talented, but every time he gets the opportunity to reach a wider audience, he sabotages it, usually in the most dramatic way. He is afraid of success, and at the same time he condemns everyone else who has it - especially his former friends Dandy Warhols. Fascinating movie. Highly recommended.
