A documentary about two rock bands that extend over several years. Brian Jonestown Massacre and Dandy Warhols. What makes it special is the study of the complex contrasting personalities and the irons of success and failure. Anton Newcombe, the principal of Brian Jonestown Massacre, is widely recognized as a musical genius not only by his colleagues, his friends, and rivals Dandy Warhols, but also by record producers and most people who have worked with him. Unfortunately, he and his band members are also unable to integrate with the real world. Newcombe chooses battles with band members on stage or with audience members (being arrested at some point for literally kicking a fan's head). Newcombe knows no limits ?? He plays between 40 and 100 different instruments, writes and produces all BJM's music, can produce enough songs to fill in an entire album in a single day, has a prophetic-like obsession with his own musical genius, but is also a heavy drug user, flying In races with the least compromise of their own artistic integrity, their band members order as if they are lower life forms and can blow offers as soon as he does them. BJM goes through a large number of record companies in quick succession ?? They sign them as soon as they realize Newcombe's talents and let them go as soon as they realize he is completely uncontrollable. <br /> <br /> Warhols recognizes their debts to Newcombe's creativity and does not even put itself in the same lofty sphere of grandeur ?? but Warhols has something that BJM doesn't do ?? the ability to integrate their talents with common sense, the real world and their market ?? As a mixture of talent (though much of it is distilled from Guru Newcombe) and accessibility, they are the very definition of 'cool'. Dig! Follow parallel career of the two bands with increasing poignancy. At some point, Newcombe pulls out to generate advertising by sending apparent death threats and hating messages to Warhol's (in a box containing live ammunition and insults as a bar of soap 'to cleanse their action')? only he forgets to tell them it is a stunt and they become so paranoid that they take a detention order against Newcombe. When Dandy Warhols sets off in Europe with hits like "Every Day Should Be Holiday" and "Bohemian Like You", Newcombe is increasingly isolated. BJM is stopped and the band breaks up when they are arrested for possession of marijuana ?? Warhols are being busted for drugs around the same time, with a warning and even allowed to keep the grass. <br /> <br /> DiG's wider appeal! is that the homework from genius against accessibility goes far beyond two bands or even rock music. The downside is that it is still a documentary, yet intimate, and it will mainly appeal to dedicated movie fans or people who are already interested in the music in one or both of the featured bands. Newcombe may well be a largely unrecognized genius, and there is a glimpse of this in the movie, but to the unformed ear there is little more than the claims of the interviewees to confirm this. In one of the band members' words: "In every spiritual tradition you are burning in hell to pretend to be God and not be able to back up." Newcombe doesn't pretend ?? But numerically, there may still be insufficient people to appreciate him in his own lifetime and DiG! has an upward struggle to correct the balance in favor of a tortured but largely unrecognized genius.
