I've seen this movie on several occasions. I find one of the funniest things to do just to see the reactions of the different types of people who go to see it. Type 1: Old people. Many old Japanese men and women go to this movie because they think it will be an honest good samurai movie with lots of swords and medieval Japanese dialogue. As soon as the two protagonists begin to debate horror films while inserting explosives almost randomly into their sentences, the old ones go out, usually disgusted. Type 2: MOVIE SNOBS. These people think that just because a movie carries the label "Independent" that it will automatically be a burden of hard to follow, overemotional crap that may or may not be in English. But they still see it just to sing praises about it later, so people will think they are intelligent and cultured. They are really surprising when they see this movie. As soon as the blood begins to spray excessively by anime-inspired sword fighting or the top villain nonchalantly pointing a dog with his armbue during a phone call, these people will be so horrified they will go out. A couple will be just to see "how bad it will be" and later they will rave about what a horrible movie it was for their friends. Type 3: PEOPLE WHO EXPECT TO SEE LIVE ACTION ANIME OR MATRIX AS SPECIAL EFFECTS. Sorry the guys martial arts are pretty solid in the movie, but director Yamasato really doesn't have the budget for that sort of thing. Type 4: DO NOT JOIN EXPECTATIONS. These are the people who really enjoy the movie. Whether they had only heard of the Samurai's blood, picked it randomly or entered the wrong theater in an alcoholic drop, these are the people who will laugh at all the jokes and appreciate the movie for what it ultimately is: ENTERTAINMENT. This movie was not made to enlighten or evoke deep spiritual thought, but it was meant (if I had to borrow a line of dialogue from the movie) to "really kick some ass". And that's what it does. <br /> <br /> Depending on the type of person you are, you may not like this movie; But if you appreciate the movie for what it is and can enjoy a surplus of blood and plays, watch this movie and make sure your friends are there.
