I saw this movie alongwith my complete family of Nine. Since my younger brother recently married, we could connect with goings-on. The film stands out for the classic touch given to the romance of the engaged couple. Fortunately this time, all Indian sites like Ranikhet Almora etc. have been used, which have already been visited by most urbanites and thus add to the connection with film. The dialogues are much better than those in "Umrao Jaan Ada" - a presumably dialogue-based film. The background music enhances the film's "soft focus". It somehow reminds one of VV Chopra's "Kareeb", where neha and to a certain extent Bobby made full rights to the character. Same here, as the leader does not disappoint in any departmental appearance or action. The supporting cast is too good. I judge the actor who plays the role of Bhabhi in the front league. The situation of family interactions that are portrayed is genuine and you smile when you find yourself in place of one of the characters. Songs were also adapting the scenes and going well with the movie. But even though I respect Ravindra Jain for his body work from film to Ramayana, I missed Ram Laxman badly. <br /> <br /> It had no double entenders (Sivan category), no bikinis, intrigues and no nonsense. You will see the movie with your parents comfortably, except if you are already or will be engaged soon. I would like to express honestly here that although Suraj suggests that marriage is between families and not just individuals, his approach is completely individualistic. The movie is just about Prem & Poonam, the rest of the characters are random. Art immitating life? The "peripheral characters" are sent to the background, and the only main characters are the main couple. <br /> <br /> Come back, Everything was almost good. Except for the drama section. The situation of tragedy was artificially created. The result, the sacrifice and the subsequent heart change are not at all convincing. That is why it lacks the emotional battle - the very purpose of this event. But a twist in the story was necessary to cross the movie from a beautiful pre-marital video to a 'feature film'. But I kept waiting for a blow and it never came. The pastor of Mohnish Bahal and later of Alok Nath on the groom was out of place, and that did things for overboard. Perhaps this will help the movie to a tax-free status. But the plot could have been made more interesting and non-linear than it was. <br /> <br /> There was also a question in my mind when the movie ended: 1 Did the movie really end? 2 Is the movie completed?
