Imagine Richard's situation, a painter whose true passion is flying. When we first meet him, he is seen on top of a building in London with his homemade wings. He has torn his canvas and other works at the height of his despair and fashion a flying unit to his leap. When he falls into the protective police offense, he does not suffer from a scratch, but it lands him in front of a judge who instructs him to do community service. Richard, whose relationship with Anne apparently joined poorly, decides to move to a territory where he finds a place in the country with a large barn he plans to use to construct his own aircraft. Richard ends trying to help Jane Harchard reluctantly. She is a young woman suffering from A. L. S. or Lou Gehrig's disease and is confined to a motorized wheelchair. Jane is extremely intelligent but has a dark side and a salt vocabulary. She uses a handheld device to talk sometimes, as her speech is not clear. What Jane loves to do is lose her virginity at all costs. Jane and Richard collide as they meet, but a mutual tolerance will soon make them comfortable. <br /> <br /> Jane, who sees porn on her computer, has an idea of ​​finding someone like Richard Gere in "American Gigolo", who wants sex with her for a fee. When Richard takes her to London, they find the right man for the job. His fee is exorbitant, but they agree. Since they have no money, Richard decides to rob a large bank. Unfortunately, things do not go according to plan when Jane realizes that she cannot go through what she wanted. In the end, Richard Jane takes to driving in her pan-built plan for the thrill of her life, which brings them closer as they find an affinity with each other. <br /> <br /> Peter Greengrass directed this quirky movie, which presents an unusual situation. Jane is obviously not the romantic heroine of mainstream movies, and yet she has a sweet aura about her that is hard to feel for her and what she is trying to achieve. Mr. Greengrass shows an affinity Richar Hawkins' material he wrote to the movie. The film does not try to be cute or give a rosy picture of a young woman affected by an incurable disease. <br /> <br /> Helena Bonham Carter is the main reason for watching the movie. She makes a wonderful Jane. On the other hand, Kenneth Branagh does not seem too suitable for this type of comedy. Somehow, he has problems with himself in the way he interprets Richard. Gemma Jones has some great moments like Anne, Richard's previous love. <br /> <br /> "Theory of Flight" shows a good director. Without a doubt Peter Greengrass will go to bigger and better things.
