<br /> <br /> I'm sure things didn't exactly go the same way in Homer Hickam's real life as they did in the movie adaptation of his book, Rocket Boys, but the movie "October Sky" (an anagram of the book's title) is good enough to stand alone. I haven't read Hickam's memoirs, but I can still enjoy and understand their movie adaptation. The film, directed by Joe Johnston and written by Lewis Colick, records the story of teenager Homer Hickam (Jake Gyllenhaal), who begins in October 1957. It opens with the sound of a radio broadcast giving news of the Russian satellite Sputnik, the first artificial satellite in orbit. We see pictures of a blue-gray city and its people: mostly miners work for Olga Coal Company. One of the miners is listening to the news on a handheld radio when he enters the elevator shaft, but the signal is lost when he disappears in the dark, where you do not see the starry sky over him. A melancholy violin melody falls with this image. We then get a scream of Elvis on a car radio, as words on the screen inform us of the setting: October 5, 1957, Coalwood, West Virginia. Homer and his friends, Roy Lee Cook (William Lee Scott) and Sherman O'Dell (Chad Lindberg) talk about football tests. Football scholarships are the only way out of town and work in the mines of these boys. "Why are jocks the only ones coming to college," Homer asks. Roy Lee replied, "They are the only ones who get the girls." Homer does not do it in football as his older brother, so he is destined for the mines and follows in his father's footsteps as my foreman. Until he sees the bright spot streaking over the October sky. Then he will build a rocket. "I want to go into the room," Homer says. After a catastrophic trial of a primitive rocket and his mother's (Natalie Canerday) fence, Homer caters to the quirky Quentin Wilson (Chris Owen). Quentin asks Homer: "What do you want to know about rockets?" Homer tells quickly, "everything". His science teacher at Big Creek High School, Miss Frieda Riley (Laura Dern) strongly supports Homer, and the four boys are working to build rockets in Homer's cellar. His father, whose life is mine, does not support him. John Hickam (Chris Cooper) believes that Homer should not waste his time on the rockets, that the coal mines are the only thing that matters. The coal from the mines is used to make steel, and without steel the country would not be anything. The difficult relationship between Homer and his father is one of the most exciting events I have ever seen in a movie. Miss Riley introduces Homer to the idea of ​​entering the local scientific fair, with a chance to take citizens and win a university scholarship. "You can't just dream of Coalwood," she tells Homer. Homer and his friends work on their dreams by constantly working on the rockets and improving the models with each trial. Despite the many attempts, the boys do not lose their determination. "What are the chances for us to win the scientific fair," O'Dell Homer asks in one of their more desperate moments. "One million to one," replies Homer. "So good?" O'Dell answers, "Well, why didn't you say that?" The music, made up of Mark Isham, conveys sadness and hope at the same time, especially sad at a time when Homer comes down to the mine shaft and loses the sky and his dreams of coming out of Coalwood. The Rollicking 1950s rock and roll, including songs by The Coasters and Buddy Holly, occasionally pushes the instrumental pieces aside to create a bright heart that contrasts teenagers 'lives with miners' lives. The film, photographed by Fred Murphy, also uses colors to set moods and symbolize. The town of Coalwood, actually filmed in Tennessee, is washed with blues, grays and browns. It's like dirt from the bullet sticking to everything - faces, clothes, houses and roads. When a couple in a shiny red convertible stops asking for directions from the boys, it is obvious that they come from outside the Coalwood and Olga Coal Company. The book on controlled missile design given by Miss Riley to Homer is red. The red stands out against the blue-gray world of Coalwood to symbolize "come out" but it is still subtle. The reds are fleeting hints of a world that Homer only dreams of. Jake Gyllenhaal expresses such zeal, hope and pertinacity as Homer Hickam, that it is hard to believe that he is not the true Homer we see in the very footage of the film. Chris Cooper is also extraordinarily credible as Homer's stubborn father, who doesn't recognize or just won't admit that mine doesn't produce enough to keep the city alive. Homer, and anyone who encourages him in his rocket building, is aware that the city is dying. With the community disintegrating, the only way they stay together is to gather for the rocket boys' demonstrations. Again, I'm sure things didn't happen exactly as the movie portrayed them, but what would a movie be without a bit of idealism? "October Sky" has just that enough to make it a good movie picture and probably rawness to keep it right.
