October Sky is a very proud movie and it¡¯s easy to see why. The story is easy to understand, and many turning points are poignant, the actors and actors do pretty good jobs, especially Jake Gyllenhaal and Chris Cooper, the hero finally gets what he wants, and that's a true story. Frankly, I think the director's results are not comparable to the sparks and heat generated by the original story. We don¡¯t see any particular story or movie; The power of the film is very dependent on the exact plot and the hard situation the young person is trapped in that most audiences will identify with the characters. We feel Homer's desire to earn his father's recognition and create his own future, and his resilience wins our respect. ¡° October Sky¡¨M reminds me of a later 2001 Japanese production of the mini series ¡§ Rocket Boy¡¯, which may be due to some of the inspiration from this movie. In fact, these two works shot from two different cultures give interesting comparison. When October Sky unfolds a story of a young man crying loudly to assert his right over his own destiny, ¡¤Rocket Boy¨ gives a more compromised description that could sometimes pose an acute criticism of modern society. Starring the Great Actor Yuji Oda, ¡§Rocket Boy¡¯ focuses on three men as common as possible: a travel agency that has a dream of becoming an astronaut, a brilliant advertising agency on the verge of being torn apart at his inferiority complex, his father's and elder brother's extreme success (which Homer feels in his family) and a food company being married, but feared of this idea. The overall social consciousness overlays its definition of success on its components and steps to force them to choke their dreams by claiming them ¡§impossible.¡¨ To compensate for his lost ideal, Kobayashi (Yuji) works in the tour operator because it¡ | s called ¡§the galaxy.¨¨ When his client fails him and his girlfriend decides to leave him, he finally finds strength from his father¡¯s words, which had decided to be a sailor, but later found life on the sea less attractive as he had assumed. ¡§ But I don¡¯t regret it¡¯ His father told Kobayashi¡¯ at least I have tried. ¡¨ It is his father¡¯s confession that encourages him to step down his work and apply for astronaut tips despite the fact that he hurts his leg and has to move around on a wheelchair. Kobayashi's efforts finally fail and he goes back to the travel agency. But his¡¯ creme¡¨ courage inspires his friends and everyone loves him more. Just before the end of the series, Kobayashi is on the job as a guide to a space camp to raise awareness of astronauts. After the trip is over, we see him leaning against a tree and unfolding a sheet of poster, he tears from the bulletin board, saying: ¡§Astronauts Desired for 2004.¡¨ Kobayashi looks at the piece of paper and laughs and laughs, like a child looks at his ticket to Disneyland. Kobayashi can never get what he wants, but he dares his fate and "just does it." "This series is so heartbreaking, not because the hero shows any heroic deeds, but his ordinary and unstoppable urge to realize his dream that makes us wonder and envy. Unlike Dilbert or other sarcastic writings, this show enlightens us and teaches us something. Homer and Kobayashi both have the dream and they do what they can despite other people's opinions. I recommend other IMDB users to see the Japanese TV shows. If you are a nine-to-fiver, you will feel more touched. I'm sorry that IMDB doesn't have its data, maybe you can ask someone from Japan to help you.
