In fact, it is the story of a teenager named Homer Hickam (Jake Gyllenhaal) who grows up in a West Virginia coalfield, where a boy's usual fate was "ending in the mines." But Homer had eyes in the sky and a love for flying rockets, for the disturbance of his min father and generalization of the townspeople in general. One mistake is certainly that he and three of his just-outcasts start making rockets as they fly from a spot of barren land eight miles out of town to no longer terrorize the community with their often-early rocking rockets. Unfortunately, most of the city and especially Homer's father (Chris Cooper) thinks they are wasting their time. But the people are fascinated and soon begin to come out in cuddles to see the 'Rocketboys send their homemade missiles. Only one teacher (Laura Dern) in high school understands their efforts and lets them know that they could become contenders in the national scientific fair with college scholarships being the price. Now, the band must learn to perfect their craft and overcome the many problems they face when shooting for the stars. Director Joe Johnston has always been a famous name for his films as Jumanji & Jurassic Park 3 & "October Sky" surely stand over all his other films. Without a doubt "October Sky" is his best bet and of course his best movie. It is not only a true story that is recorded extremely well, but even as a movie, it has every single thing needed for a top-level movie theater. And along with Johnston's extraordinary direction are some extraordinary ideas. Jake Gyllenhaal was about 19 when this film was released and he gives a beautiful and natural performance. He's a perfect actor. Chris Cooper as his father also gives a very good performance. The same goes for Laura Dern & she also looks beautiful. Even the rest of the performances are extremely good. Background score was fine. Very inspirational film that lifts your spirit sky high. One of the movies that definitely inspires you for your entire life. An amazingly inspiring movie along with lots of entertainment. Not to be missed.
