A simple and effective film about what life is all about, responding to challenges. It took a lot of madness for Homer and his friends to grow into crew without falling into the trap of a prefabricated future running from father to son, being a miner in the local mine and never getting out of that destiny. It also took three different challenges for Homer and his friends to capture a personal and free future. The challenge with the first man-made artificial satellite, Sputnik 1, a Soviet satellite, a milestone in human history, a turning point that Homer and his friends could not miss, did not want to miss. Then the challenge of science and applied mechanics to calculate and devise a rocket from scratch or rather from what they could collect in books and order in their minds. Finally, the challenge in a world that opposes and refuses and tries to force you back into the package, even with an unfortunate accident that forces you to come back in the pure survival package, and even when Homer turned out to have the courage to accept the challenge that blocked for a while was his own plans and dreams. But there is another side of the story that the film does not emphasize enough. Homer is the bearer of the project, but he also carries the inspiration he and his friends need. If he is the one to get the university's scholarship because his friends gave him precedence, his friends will also be able to get on their own path and get out of the mining village thanks to the energy his inspirational example puts in front of their eyes. It is difficult at times not to follow the example of a lighthouse on a difficult road. But the film is also effective in showing how the father resisted this dream because for him, science was not the substance of a true man, such as mining or football. The working class fate that was so present in the 1950s and 1960s and still present in some areas is too often enforced by the traditional thinking of the father. If the mother does not have the courage to speak up one day, the working class that I am talking about becomes a huge trap. Here too, the film is effective, and it should make some parents think. This could have been the fourth challenge Homer had to face: the challenge of taking a road that was not the one pointed out and programmed by his own father. <br /> <br /> Dr. Jacques COULARDEAU, University of Paris Dauphine & University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne
