I had lost faith in Sooraj R. Barjatya after the movie Main Prem Ki Deewani hoon, then a year back now so I was promising for Vivah, who looked good. But I would not waste my hard earned money on seeing it in the cinema. When the movie first came out on DVD, I rented it and saw and I loved the movie and took my words back to Sooraj. I just finished watching it again yesterday, and this time I thought I should go through this movie. Sooraj R. BarjatyaGot this time, okay, I wasn't a big fan of Hum App Ke Hai Kaun. But I've always loved Manie Pyar kiya, after Manie Pyar Kiya to me, I think Vivah is Barjatya's best work. I almost never cry in a movie, but this movie made me feel like crying. If you've ever been in love, there are many moments that will stir you in this movie, the movie is just too sweet and will make you fall in love with it, my perception is a very underrated movie. <br /> <The story of this movie you can call desi and very old times, but for me it seemed to be modern because the two couples who get a marriage ceremony are aware that it is an old tradition. It's done in contemporary times, many people don't think this arranges marriage, but I do. The journey between the engagement and the wedding, which will always be special, and this movie shows it clearly. When Prem meets Poonam for the first time, they show it how it is, and that is the reality, and my parents say that's how they got married and that showed it in a way so true yes people how Prem and Poonam meets in this movie is how most marriages happen. It was very sweet, you feel nervous yet excited, the song "Do Ajnabe" shows it very well. Come back to the story Yes it is a journey that you will soon be glued to between Prem and Poonam (Shahid Kapoor and Amrita Rao) and there families. A twist occurs in this movie, which is really good, the last 30 minutes you will reach the tissue box. <br /> <br /> What makes this movie so amazing is the chemistry between Prem and Poonam, how they fall apart is too sweet. Simple boy and simple girl when they first meet during and after the song "Do Anjane Ajnabe" It is very sweet to see. She says hardly anything, and Prem talks to be honest with her about her past and the girl he liked and smoking. Then it goes on to them all have a family trip, and then it is when they really fall for each other. This means you just want to see the couple and see all the sweet moments they have. Another factor is that Poonam chichi is really meaningful to her and you are sorry Poonam because she has been treated badly and makes you look her happy and when she finally finds happiness, you also start to feel happy about her that the film basically makes you fall in love with Poonam more than just Prem. When she finds happiness through Prem, you want her to be happy and also hope that nothing goes wrong because the character appears like a cute simple girl. Which brings me to performances and Amrita Roa as Poonam is great in the movie, her best work to date, you will fall in love with this innocent character and mess her up to find happiness. Shahid Kapoor as Prem is also fantastic, he is Poonam support in the movie, he is her happiness movie, together they share a fantastic chemistry, and I have never seen a cuter couple since SRK and Kajol. If Ishq Vishk didn't touch you to tell you how sweet they are together, it certainly will. The "Mujhe Haq hai" song and before it's fantastic chemistry, they show. Scenes that touched me were when Prem took Poonam to his room and shows her that this is where they should stay and he opens her up and they have a moment between those who are too sweet. Again, if you have ever been in love with someone, as much as these scenes you can lose, connect with. The movie is just the cutest thing you'll ever see. The direction is the place, a good movie is basically something that can pull me in and stop me believing these hours, what is seen here is false and there is a camera filing them. For me, this movie took me in and for the three hours I really felt connected to the movie. The songs you will only like when you have watched the movie, as they are songs placed in the situation after I watch the movie, I have played the songs, not stop! The music is amazing, the story is simply amazing, what more can I ask for? <br /> <br /> What I can finally say, rarely do we get a movie that makes us feel good, this movie after you've seen it will make you feel really good and get you to be a better person. Its basically the sweetest journey ever, it shows you basically, they travel between engagement and marriage, and many say it's the best part of your life. Now does this movie actually show you how people actually say it? Why do people actually say that the journey is just amazing! Watch this movie and you will find out why the journey is great!
