Look at the advertisements for this movie, I was quite convinced I would forget it. First, it was one of those "loosely based on novel" movies, which usually means that the book author saw the script, hated it and refused to be associated with the movie. Worse, the trailer showed only the most common slapstick imaginable (eg: child being sprayed in the face with a garden hose ... and falling over). So when my little brother came into his mind that this was the "season's" movie (of course he thought the same about "Cars", "Over the Hedge", "The Ant Bully", "Monster House", etc.), I was less than enthusiastic. <br /> <br /> But once in the theater, the movie won me for a number of reasons. First of all, the authors 'kid dialogue' appear better than just about other children's films I've ever seen. An excellent example of this comes directly after the boy's protagonist accidentally eats a worm stuck in an egg omelet. The boys make a slack, exaggerated overpressure on the main teacher, making them realistic, as all young children think (mistakenly) that they make great mocking expressions of their adult ailments. Then one of the boys asks: "Why did he say, 'alley open'?" Another boy replies, "Maybe he's crazy!" and the whole group laughs incredibly. Not an overly witty duplication, but exactly the kind of thing a young child would get on the spot and exactly the type of remark other kids his age would find fun. As if to confirm it, my kid brother laughed right at the cue when they were spoken on the screen; I could almost hear his voice spraying the same exact lines if he were placed in a similar situation. <br /> <br /> Another reason why the movie works is that the authors are able to work on topics such as bullying, siblings, the new schoolchild and peer pressure / conformity without any of them were subplots for some after school special. For example, the bully (Joe) is not stereotypical; He is certainly bad, but not pure evil, and just enough of his home-life is revealed that the audience feels sympathy for him and understands his bullying origin. There is also no "cue the dramatic music" moment when Billy ('Worm Boy') discovers what a complete tool he is for his younger brother Woody, and yet at the end of the movie, some kind of minor transformation. There is some realism here in the way the characters solve situations and in the way they relate to each other, and very little of it comes across as corny. The only drawback to the movie is in the form of an absolutely ridiculous dance scene that even the creators of the infamous McDonald's "Mac and Me" dance party would scoop on. Why oh why was it put in the movie ?? Did Austin Rogers (Adam) pull a Macaulay Culkin and refuse to take the role unless he got a vehicle to show off his oh so impressive dance science? The whole sequence did not have to be there and had a little less comical value than any given show on "The History Channel". Overall, this movie was excellent and the length (in an hour and twenty minutes) was almost perfect. One of the best and most realistic live action kid movies you'll ever see, whether you're ever near children or just remembering what a child was, was actually.
