I've never seen such a movie before. I was on the edge of my seat and constantly laughing the whole movie. I never thought that such horrible plays existed, it was too much fun. The story behind the movie is decent, but the movie scenes fail to portray them. I have never seen such a silly movie in my life, why I think it's worth seeing. I give this movie 10 out of 10 to be the most pathetic movie ever created. This movie seems like it was only created to be garbage bin. I think the scenes seem so fake, and the actors act like "the camera is in front of them". You will get a kick, just see how lama this movie is, me and my friend couldn't stop making jokes during the movie. The darth-father guy trying to get the girl came over not once, but twice, and the second time he ran it sounded like he was sh! # Although he does not speak English lol. If you see this movie, you yourself think that all the other movies you didn't like, you took for granted, they are far better than this. This film should be seen out of curiosity as well as what kind of movie DEFINER lame. The evil snake hit the girl so many times, it was ridiculous, the evil snake roared and roared and let her get away every time. The evil snake had so many chances that it was as if God were trying to hurry and eat the girl, how many miracles would you have. The transition between scenes leaves you wondering, did I miss something? So many plot holes from scene to scene. I was laughing when they decided to "flee to Mexico" to get away from the snake. Hmmmm hopping border will save you from a snake from Korea? interesting ... very interesting .... I think jumping border solves all problems. Another scene that completely hid me .. they met for the first time and had a romantic scene on the beach they kissed and didn't even know each other ... the scene was so clichéd and it was no matter at least in other movies It may perhaps seem logical in the meantime, but I think they just meet, even though they are reincarnations where emotions were that they instantly loved each other instead of developing. Anyways this movie is worth watching because of opening your eyes and seeing the light. Bad Hollywood movies will seem like heaven in comparison to this. In the end, it is worth looking at that you will not be bored, you will be obsessed with criticizing every moment, every scene in your head.
