The "Hollywood Hotel" has links to many films such as "Ella Cinders" and "Merton of the Movies" about anyone who wins a contest, including a contract to make films in Hollywood, only to find the way to the star either paved with pitfalls or non-existent. In fact, when I saw it tonight at Turner Classic Movies, I was wondering if the authors of the later musical classic "Singing In The Rain" might have taken some of their ideas from the "Hollywood Hotel", especially a temperamental leading lady star in a film study and a conclusion about a person who sang a movie score, while another person got the credit by mouthing it on the screen. The "Hollywood Hotel" is a fascinating example of the 1930s film production. Among the supporting players is Louella Parsons, she plays herself (and despite some negative comments I have seen, she has a very enchanting personality on the screen and a natural command of her lines). She is not the only real person in the script. Make-up specialist Perc Westmore appears briefly as himself to try to get a sign to look like another. <br /> <br /> This movie was also one of the first in the career of young Mr. Ronald Reagan who played a radio interviewer on a movie premiere. In fact, Reagan does pretty well in his short scenes - especially when he realizes that no Dick Powell is taking over the microphone when used with more important people. <br /> <br /> Dick Powell has won a Hollywood contract in a competition, leaving his job as a saxophonist in Benny Goodman's band. The beginning of this movie is, by the way, quite impressive, as the band runs in a parade of trucks to give goodbye to Powell. They end up singing "Hooray For Hollywood". The interesting thing about this wonderful number is that a lyric has been omitted for that purpose. Throughout Johnny Mercer, the lyrics are references to Hollywood as Max Factor Make-up King, Rin tin tin and even a tip of Tarzan. But the original lyrics referred to are similar to Tyrone Power. It was clear that Jack Warner and his brothers would not advertise the leading man in 20th Century Fox and the name Donald Duck was replaced. In any case, the number showed singers and instrumentalists of Goodman's orchestra at their best. It also made a later five minute section of the movie where the band draws. <br /> <br /> Powell leaves the band and his girl friend (Frances Langford) and goes to Hollywood to find out he is a contract player (most likely for musicals involving saxophonists). He is met by Allen Joslyn, the study's publisher (the owner is Grant Mitchell). Joslyn is not a bad guy, but he is busy and he tends to slough off people unless it is necessary to talk to them. He parks Powell in a room at the Hollywood Hotel, where the studio's temperamental star (Lola Lane) also lives with his father (Hugh Herbert), her sister (Mabel Todd) and her sensible, if the cynical assistant (Glenda Farrell). Lane is like Jean Hagen in "Song in the Rain", except her speaking voice is good. Her version of "Dan Lockwood" is an "Alexander Dupre" (Alan Mowbray, the scene steals with ease several times). The only difference is that Mowbray is not a good guy as Gene Kelly was, and Lane (when not wrapped in her ego) is fully aware of it. When she was willing to pass for an out-of-the-ordinary role she wanted, she refused to attend the premiere of her latest movie. Joslyn finds a double for her (Lola's real life sister Rosemary Lane) and Rosemary is made to play the star at the premiere and follow-up party. But she attends Powell (Joslyn wants someone who doesn't know the real Lola). This causes Powell to knock down Mowbray when the latter makes a pest by itself. But otherwise the evening is a success, and when the two are together, they begin to find each other attractive. <br /> <br /> Complications are about Lola coming back and beating Powell in the face after Mowbray complains that he was being attacked by Powell ("and his gang of hoodlums"). Powell's contract has been bought out. Working with the photographer became agent Ted Healey (actually not that bad in this movie - he even tries to make a Jolson imitation at some point), the two trying to find work that ends as hamburger stand employees run by badly hardened Edgar Kennedy ( The number of broken dishes and song customers in the restaurant gives Edgar plenty of time to make his slow burns with gusto). Eventually, Powell gets a "break" by being hired to be Dupre's song voice in a rip-off of "Gone With The Wind". This leads to the last part of the movie when Rosemary Lane, Herbert and Healey help Powell's chance to show that it's his voice, not Mowbrays. It's a pretty sweet and appealing movie though now. The worst aspects are due to the time. More jokes about African Americans are no longer acceptable (while trying to photograph Powell when he arrives in Hollywood, Healey accidentally photographs a concierge and mentions Joslyn to take care of, Powell is shooting too dark - get points?). Also a bit with Curt Bois as a fashion designer for Lola Lane, who is (should we say) over-stretched, is not very tolerable either. Herbert's "hoo hoo" ing is a bit much (too much of the time), but it was really popular in 1937. And an event where Healey almost gets into a fight at the premiere (this was one of his last films) reminds people of the tragic, still mysterious end of the comedian in December 1937. But most of the film is pretty good and will not disappoint the viewer in 2008.
