The film begins with a mentally challenged girl with bright yellow sneakers, who look heavenly in a Madrid street corner and become bound by a passing aircraft. The movie explores the life of five women ?? Adela, Leire, Maricarmen, Anita & Isabel ?? who have completely different lives and choice of shoes. Their shoes are the first superficial, but attached with some flashing meaning, we get to know their fragile identities. In a theatrically embroidered and splendid way, a podiatrist tries to esoterically reveal the deepest secrets of a woman's soul at the feet of the sun. The premise is risky and easily constructed, but the tone and depth of the film take a bold leap for good. <br /> <br /> What may have been bright and superficial, shifts fast with the amazing dysfunctional couple scene that leaves the viewer riveted for minutes, sees the love or lack thereof, the pain, confusion, hope, needs, and escape mechanisms evolve through minutes different rooms in the house and down the street and finally under ... What a scene (!), But there will be others so effective to follow and strengthen the strong characterization and control shown in this record of life affair. <br /> <br /> Moving together, a woman has lost the man she loved and inherited her children and his taxi while another hero has lost her husband emotionally, sexually, intellectually, but not physically. A ghost, a pending divorce ?? accusation, regret and repentance A new love? Can you love a mirage? Can you love the person in the mirror? Can you love someone you can't love? Or do you think you can't love? Can you love and live life, even though it will always be hopeless? But is it not exactly those hopes and dreams that hold us here due to and in a spectrum of relative happiness? A lot of deep themes emerge, and the final action brings people and ideas together to gather in an existential crisis without clear solutions, final decision, or effective cure. Perhaps an elusive thought, a fleeting feeling, but a lasting understanding of life and the art and intellect of the film. Direct. Live again. Rewind the wheel. Unveil the real, the important; the big stones (piedras) of life. The rest is just details.
