Several story lines are interwoven here around various women characters. The shoes they use serve as an indication of their troubled lives. Everyone is transformed at the end of the movie. Adela (Antonia San Juan) leads a brothel; Her daughter Anita (Monica Cervera) is retarded and has a limited life. Clay (Najwa Nimri) is a shoe designer with problems and loses her boyfriend; Maricarmen (Vicky Peña) has lost her husband and now travels the children from her late past wife. Isabel (Ángela Molina) is a boring lady. <br /> <br /> Other characters are used to connect the five main female characters. In storytelling, not everything is given away at first: Some connections are surprisingly late in the movie, and it adds to the experience. The shoe theme is driven to extremes: For example, when Leire as a shoe writer and works in a shoe store where she steals her shoes faints, she breaks one of the heels. <br /> <br /> Editing small connections is made between scenes. A telephone rings, a cigarette lights, a song, etc. Used for connection and quick cuts. Frequent change of history prevents it from being boring or reaching television levels. It is highly music driven to set tone and atmosphere. The cities of Madrid and Lisbon serve as the backdrop for the stories, and images from these cities are used to extend history beyond the characters. One of the more moving shots is when Anita, who goes the same time every day, expands her gait and restricts life from the relative calm of the street to the busy highways: How the space limitation is visually translated is well done. As with most Spanish films, much storytelling is made visually by using the soap-like stories as the simple background. There is a poetic end that is somewhat romantic and sentimental, but is still beautiful. Since Ramón Salazar is too much in love with his own material, it is overlaid. Some scenes are kitsch and soap, including the actress (Adela's love life, Isabel's doctor). The shoe theme is exaggerated and is a weak metaphor. <br /> <br /> This is often compared to Magnolia, because the structure is the same. But they are different. Magnolia is more technically competent, but somewhat mechanical. This has more ability to visually translate emotion and atmosphere. After seeing this, you tend to move to the new movie city immediately: Madrid.
