I have recently gone back and watched this movie again from not seeing it this year. When I first watched the movie, I was too young to understand what the movie was about. Now that I've seen it again, I couldn't believe what I've missed all these years. For me to watch movies for what they are, I think this movie was amazing. Most people feel as if the music is the best part, but I don't think so. Most people are not aware of how good the story is, because it is the judge of the actor. The truth of the matter is that no one in the film really tried to act rather they were just being themselves. The whole lead role just played itself. They did not try to be others but themselves. <br /> <br /> In fact, I've seen and analyzed the work and efforts of the movie. Now from my perspective, the situations in the movie are basically based on what actually went musical in Minneapolis at that time, and that is most of the things that happen, actually true events that happened in the prince's career, and who can tell it better than hello m? The music that came from the city at that time began to be recognized and revolutionary. It was interesting to see how the music was very influential mainly at the club "First Avenue & 7th St Entry" where actually Prince, among other musicians, got his career started. It is also a known fact that Prince and Morris day always had a competition with each other in real life, but it was a friendly competition. They were always friends. Then the story essentially comes out of the competitive aspect of their rivalry instead of their friendship, which shows the true competitive side of what happened at the club "First Avenue" for it's time. <br /> <br /> Another reason why this movie is good is because some of the situations that arise in the movie are actually based on events that Prince has undergone in his life with the musical aspect and the personal. For me, this film made more realistic as far as emotions are concerned, because he tells his trials and trials before the superstars. Plus, his dedication he puts into his beliefs is phenomenal. Prince made sure every moment in the movie was made perfect. When you hear a song play in the movie, it is perfectly synchronized with the situation at hand. In all, Prince is a musical genius, and he has proved it on many occasions. This movie is what really puts Prince on the card officially, and he hasn't slowed down since. Anyone who has seen this movie or still (unbelieveably) has not yet seen it when you watch this movie, you have to watch it with intellect, or you will miss the whole aspect of the movie. If you really love music, it's definitely the movie to watch. Over what others say I think it is a great movie to watch and own.
