This is one of the best movies coming from Bollywood this year. Definitely the best year to date. Indian to the core, the panoramic views, the cordial dialogues and the melodic and soft music make the movie a unique one. The actual portrayal of Indians and culture makes the viewer look for his / her roots in them and refreshes the mind and spirit with a sense of pride and a new lease on life. <br /> <br /> This movie is for viewers enjoying a call to their imagination and philosophical senses. If you like watching movies to get all your nerves thrilled with on-screen action, sex or terror, then this movie is not for you because you will find that the movie is not full of 90 degree twists in it. It's just as simple a story for a movie as it can get. But that is exactly where the film's art lies. You get a real life experience, and the best part is, this experience is one full of values ​​and hopes. It is about the positive side of life, about the sweet things that God has threatened on people, against the regressive films that insist on showing down, terrorists and underworlds. It is not about things and people who have been bad. It's about the goodness that still persists and it keeps the world going. Of course, each genre of movies is respectable, but it takes a lot of courage and talent to come up with a movie that swims against the stream and tries to open the eyes of the public to the hidden realities and truths. <br /> <br /> That said, there is more ... The movie is the journey from a couple from their commitment to their arranged marriage - yes it is true, it is an orderly marriage and the couple only get to know each other through their parents and learn to love each other. The 6-month gap between engagement and marriage is long, not full of "tempting" events, but one who nurtures the couple's growing love and affection for one another. They learn the importance of their relationship and this invaluable period of their lives and work to strengthen the bond of marriage. But have these been strengthened enough? Their relationship will face the test of not only time but also happiness. Will they pass this test? That's what "Vivah" is all about.
