Last night I again joined "Jane Eyre" (1983), the BBC's mini-series adapted from Charlotte Bronte's Gothic Romanesque novel, which deserves a classic of English literature with Timothy Dalton (my favorite James Bond) as Mr. Edward Rochester and Zelah Clarke, like Jane Eyre, a poor orphan 18-year-old girl, a governor at Mr. Rochester's property, Thornfield. "Jane Eyre" has been one of my most beloved books since I was an 11-year-old girl and my friend gave it to me with the words "This book is amazing" and so it was and I have read dozens of times and I'm still not tired of it. Its beautiful languages, refined, fragrant and surprisingly fresh, the dialogues and, above all, two protagonists and the story of their impossible love have attracted many filmmakers. "Jane Eyre" has been adapted to TV and large screen many times, 18 according to IMDb. The actors as famous and wonderful as Joan Fontaine and Orson Welles, William Hurt and Charlotte Gainsbourg, George C. Scott and Susannah York, Ciarán Hinds and Samantha Morton have played the couple who had overcome hundreds of obstacles in society, laws, religion, of the differences in age, backgrounds, experiences and the flaws that would chase one for many years. Of all these movies I have only seen a 300-minute BBC version of 1983 that follows the story closely, and where Timothy Dalton, who often plays dark embroidery characters, not only played Edward Rochester brilliantly, and with class he was Mr. Rochester - Sardinian, alive, the power of nature, strong, passionate, sexy and tormented master of Thornfield. Zelah Clarke was also convincing as a sweet, gentle, intelligent and strong Jane who feels deep and full of passion mixed with clear thinking, and quiet but firm willpower. <br /> <br /> Added on September 17, 2007: During the last two weeks, I've seen five "Jane Eyre" movies, and it was a wonderful experience. There is something to admire in any adaptation of "Jane Eyre", although not all are quite successful. This version is still my favorite "Jane Eyre" movie.
