Playing a character from a literary classic can be a bit of a poisoned chalice for an actor who pays for the pleasure of a carnal character by competing with the fantasies of generations of readers? not to mention the many other players who have besieged the castle before. Fortunately for the fantasyists, this version ?? with the nicely thrown Zelah Clarke and Timothy Dalton ?? stands head and shoulders over versions that have come after it. It is the right length to make history full justice and makes great use of Bronte's cracking dialogue; None of the modern communication away, cut text and add new and inferior scenes. The magic of the original story lies in the tensions created between the central characters, and the circumstances of life create for them to lead. Jane ?? "poor, ordinary and small" ?? Growing up on the cold aunt who is a loving love, nature and independence, formed by a long spell in a very hard school. She comes as governor of Rochester's household, completely friendly and alone. She usually suppresses her duty and hard work, but her passionate nature soon finds her touch paper in her harsh, intelligent, enigmatic master to whom she is drawn, as he is to her, from forces beyond their control. . Rochester is the caged tiger, busy "paving hell with energy"; potentially dangerous to anyone who comes in contact with him ?? but "permeable, through a chink or two". His character is extraordinary: he takes extraordinary freedoms with a paid child; But then Jane is not a regular employee he sees. But a dark secret and serious trials lie for both of them. It is a pleasure to hear Bronte's remarkable dialogue spoken by such talented actors ?? Dalton in particular seems formed for passion on a Brontean scale. If you've only seen him as a not-so-memorable Bond, you've missed the thing he's best at. Those who have commented that his Rochester is too beautiful miss the point of these dramatizations: his character simply has too much screen time for a really nasty man to keep the viewer alert. Timothy Dalton is just right, not always or consistently nice, but often shiny, strikingly so, as it should be. And Zelah Clarke Jane is no brick; She conveys a woman's feelings, which usually suppresses her sense of humor and her passionate character very successfully, allowing her rare outbreaks to show more dramatic effect. Not long ago, the BBC sent an excellent dramatization of Jean Rhys' enlightened and most disturbing rip to Bronte, "Wide Sargasso Sea" depicting the story of the first wife of Rochester. Check it out ?? You will never see "Jane Eyre" completely "in the same way again.
