The 1983 BBC production of "Jane Eyre" with Zelah Clarke and Timothy Dalton (LOVE HIM) has always been and will always be my favorite Jane Eyre. If you see any other version of Jane Eyre without reading the book, it will be like watching some common movies that you will forget the next day. But to look at this almost corresponds to reading the book. I used to see these miniseries a lot when I was little and they inspired me to read the book. At that time, I was not aware of how close this TV production was to the book. Recently I saw the 1996 version of Jane Eyre and was very disappointed. It was only 2 hours long and did not have many important scenes from the book (like my favorite gypsy scene). Then I fell in love with this "Jane Eyre" even more because it contains all the important scenes in the book, and it just tells the whole story (the other versions don't do it if you haven't read the book). <br /> <br /> The game 1983 Jane Eyre is excellent. It is true that Timothy Dalton is a very nice actor (pretty enough to play Butler in "Scarlet" and Julius Caesar), but he is as big as Rochester that I can't imagine anyone else playing that role. And Zelah Clarke is without a doubt the only Jane to follow the book's description. The other thing that makes this movie so great is the clothes and makeup of the actors. Jane looks so modest and naive, just as Bronte describes her (though she doesn't see 18, but are you actually aware of it?)) Some people say this "Jane Eyre" is too long, but I'd rather spend my whole day to see it, than to spend 2 hours watching another version. Some say the movie is boring and boring, because Jane is not passionate enough or because there are not enough "kissing scenes". I hate doing Jane Eyre some "Hollywood movie" with inappropriate kissing scenes. You don't have to include "crazy, madly in love" scenes to show the love between Jane and Rochester. And both Zelah and Timothy express this love so perfectly that there are no other scenes needed !! I am 19 years old and many girls of my age refer to this movie as "boring and old-fashioned". But I can only be sad because they do not appreciate the purity and beauty. After all, the novel is set in the 19th century, and the old-fashioned look makes it more attractive and more like the book. <br /> <br /> I don't think there will ever be any other version of Jane Ayre that wants popularity and love for it. No matter who plays Jane and Rochester in other movies, the real Jane and Rochester (for me at least) will always be Zelah Clarke and Timothy Dalton!
