I have recently seen this production on DVD. This is the first time I've seen it since it was originally released in 1983, and it was as good as I remembered. Only when it was worried would it look old-fashioned and I assume it is a little dated and very decent when the BBC series were back then. (I miss the wonderful costume dramas that seemed to be always Sunday afternoon then) But it's just as perfect as it could have been. I'm a bit of a "Jane Eyre" purist, as it is my favorite book and has never seen another production that is true to the book like this. I have also recently re-read the book and some of the dialogue is just the place for it. Reading the scene near the end, where Rochester asks Jane what St John was, as I saw their words, was accurately reproduced on the screen of Dalton and Clarke and made perfect. <br /> <br /> All the other productions that have been made all are somehow missing, some of them even leaving the "Rivers" family and their connection to Jane altogether. I also think this is the only production that includes the "Gypsy" scene correctly performed. <br /> <br /> Casting is perfect, Zelah Clarke is like Jane is described in the book "Small Plain and Dark" and I disagree that she looked too old. Timothy Dalton may be a little too beautiful, but he is perfect as Rochester, showing all aspects of his character just right and acting off his stockings! I agree with other comments that he even seems quite frightening on time, as in the scene, as he slowly walks into the church when the wedding is interrupted, his expression is terribly scary. But then in another favorite scene, his joy is wonderful to see when Jane walks down the stairs and in the arms in the morning after declaring their love to each other. A love that is wonderfully portrayed and completely credible. Oh to be loved by a man like that! There were a couple of scenes that strangely missed, as when Jane climbs to bed with the dying Helen and also when Rochester takes Jane shopping for her wedding types (I thought it was in it, but maybe my memory plays tricks). <br /> <br /> Finally, if you never see another production of Jane Eyre - you simply see this, it's simply perfect!
