* SPOILER ALERT: I wish I could discuss this without revealing specific points, but I can't. Pardon. * <br /> <br /> I was looking for an IMDb review of the George C. Scott movie when I stumbled across the summary and reviews for this version. It had so many positive reviews that I decided to book it, though: (a) while it was shortened and rushed, I thought George C. Scott constituted the tortured nature (and appearance) of the book Rochester to a T; and (b) even when I looked at the DVD cover, I thought, "Isn't Timothy Dalton also looking at the role?" The latter concern was reinforced by the fact that I decided to reload the book while the DVD was backordered. That said, the moment I started looking at this, I was thrilled. In the beginning, it was disturbing to hear the 1840s dialogue, written as written - with little or no attempt at modernization - but Dalton and Clarke threw themselves in so thoroughly that I actually enjoyed the fact that the adapters believed the audience to follow archaic speech. Getting so much of the book up on the screen was an added bonus. I know someone who doesn't see any versions of Jane Eyre because "who wants to see a movie about a man holding a bad crazy woman in the ceiling?" Frankly, if anyone who hadn't read the book stumbled over one and a half or two hours of versions, they would think it's pretty much all the story involves - Rochester's secret and its influence on everyone around him. Fortunately, this version is actually about Jane Eyre's entire life. <br /> <br /> Some people have criticized the cast. Dalton is for dashing; Clarke is too reserved. I can't argue for the first point, but he's so "currently" that I think he's Rochester. For me, Clarke's performance is on the field. Jane Eyre is quiet, guarded. If you remember the book, so much of the grown-up's passion and passion arises during her private struggle. Some of the criticism confuses me. Critics say Clarke is too short or not quite enough. The book continues ad infinitum about how small and pure Jane is. Mrs Clarke should not be tall, and the filmmakers lit up her look to get Jane's statements about her lack of beauty credible. She can hardly help if Dalton is high. Some say there is no chemistry between the leaders. What?!! The scene, when Jane finally comes out of her room after the wedding party, vibrates right with passion and longing and sadness and regret - and that's just the first example to come to mind. <br /> <br /> I agree with some of the other criticisms. I also missed several scenes with Helen Burns and Rivers siblings. Some of the dialogues were strangely truncated. When Rochester declares, "Jane, you abuse me. I don't hate her because she's angry." I waited for the rest of the exchange when Rochester explained how Jane would be mad, he would still love and care for her. It is a powerful moment in the book, and I wish it was included. I think it was a mistake to bring a scene with Rochester into the part of the story where Jane is alone. It might have been done for the sake of clarity, but I found it devastating. I wanted the twisted humor on the scene where Jane opines that Rochester's disgrace will cool down and he gets grudged again, but he can "like" her again and again. Dalton's performance is so good that the rare failure is sharp - when Rochester cries in the library, I saw him as an actor making a crying scene, not like Rochester. As far as the sets are concerned, if you have ever taken an episode of the 1960s, "Dark Shadows" shows you what to expect - very sharp and sometimes scary look. Others have commented thoroughly and concisely on the makeup work Rochester sports at the end. Yikes! It's bad. The conclusion is too sudden. After all that fear and excitement, I wanted a more rounded end. And on my copy of the DVD, there will be a bit of getting credits at the beginning and end of all eleven 25-30 minute episodes. That said, I am so happy that I have this movie and want to see it again and again.
