There are many adjustments to Charlotte Brown's classic novel "Jane Eyre", and given the many reviews written about them, there is also a lively discussion about which one is the best. The short film adaptations all suffer from the fact that it is simply not possible to tie the whole plot of the novel to a movie of approx. 100 min. Therefore, these films show only a few parts of the novel. The TV series has proved to be a more suitable format for making all the different episodes of heroine life. <br /> <br /> There are three TV mini-series, released in '73, '83 and 2006. The 2006 version is not only the worst of these three, but the worst of all Jane Eyre adaptations and one striking example of a completely overstated movie. The novel's beautiful lines are replaced by invisible and trivial, and decisive scenes are deleted or replaced by scenes that have nothing to do with the novel. What it all leads to is that the depicted characters not only have something in common with the novel Rochester and Jane and behave in exactly the opposite way as described in the book, but their behavior and language are certainly not in line with the construction of The period during which the novel is set. It is a silly soap opera, where the actors look and appear to have been put in costumes from the 1850s by mistake. This "Jane Eyre" (which dares to call herself) is actually a pat on Charlotte Bronte's face. The 1973 version is very true to the novel, as the long dialogues between Mr. Rochester and Jane are made in almost their full length. But what works beautifully in the novel does not necessarily work beautifully on the screen. At times, the novel's language is too complicated and distorted, so it works naturally when spoken on the screen, and the constant interruptions of the dialogues at Jane's voice-overs add to the impression of artistry and stubbornness. And despite the fidelity of the novel, the essence of the scenes is not captured. Another problem is casting the main characters. Sorcha Cusack's portrayal of Jane as a bold, confident, world-renowned young woman is quite contrary to the literary model, and Michael Jayston, although a good actor, simply does not possess the upcoming physical presence or charisma needed to play Rochester . Though a decent fit it simply can't manage to convey the novel's passion and intensity and never really catches the audience. <br /> <br /> All the flaws of the '73 version are corrected in the TV mini series '83 with Timothy Dalton and Zelah Clarke. Although Timothy Dalton, from a purist point of view, is too handsome, tall and lean to be Rochester, he possesses the essential qualities of the role: He has an impressive physical presence, great magnetism, and an air of self-assurance and authority. And in spite of his undeniable beauty, he sees turmoil and hedge enough to play the gloomy champion of Thornfield convincingly. But the distinction of his performance lies in the way he makes all the facets of Rochester's character. Of all the actors who have played Rochester, he is the only one to capture them all: Rochester's hardness, almost disagreement, his mood and abruptness, as well as his humorous side, his tenderness, his solicitude and deep, hectic love. Dalton's handling of Charlotte Bronte's language is just as excellent. Even Rochester's most removed and complicated thoughts are true and natural when Dalton delivers them. He is the final Rochester, unsurpassed and unmatched, and having seen him in this role, it is impossible to imagine that Rochester can be played in any other way or by any other actor. Zelah Clarke delivers an equally outstanding performance in a role that may be even more difficult to play than Rochester. She depicts the novel of the novel, an extremely shy, reserved and guarded young woman, but has a great sense of depth and an equal willpower. She beautifully captures the duality of Jane's character: her modesty and respectfulness on the one hand and her fire and passion on the other, her apparent fragility and her indomitable sense of right and wrong. She and Dalton have a wonderful chemistry and their scenes together are pure joy. <br /> <br /> With regard to fidelity to the literary model, this version also quotes literally from the novel, like the '73 version, but with an important difference: the dialogues are shortened in this version, but the key lines are crucial The characterization of the protagonists and the development of the plot remain unchanged. Thus, the manuscript writer avoided any form of artistry while maintaining the beauty and originality of Charlotte Bronte's language. And unlike the previous BBC version, the essence of each scene is perfectly taken. <br /> <br /> The drawing of the novel is followed with even greater accuracy than in the '73 series. It is almost a stage for the scene's edition of the novel, where time and weight are put on each episode of Jane's life. It is the only Jane Eyre adaptation that has a gypsy scene worthy of the novel, and the only one that makes full justice to the crucial and heartbreaking novels of the novels when Jane and Rochester meet after the interrupted wedding. Especially Timothy Dalton plays that stage with excellent skill. He does with almost painful intensity Rochester's anxiety when he realizes Jane's decision to leave him, his hectic attempts to make her and his final despair, which she actually leaves him. It is a heartbreaking, almost devastating scene that will remain with the viewer for a long time. With even the smaller roles perfect cast, an excellent script and two ideal leading actors, this is the ultimate and only true "Jane Eyre".
