Yes, this production is long (good news for Bronte fans!) And it has a slightly dated feel, but both casting and acting are so brilliant that you won't see any other versions! <br /> <br /> Timothy Dalton is Edward Rochester ... it's so simple. I don't care that other reviewers claim he is too beautiful. Dalton is attractive, specific, but no beautiful boy. In fact, he has a sharp, oblique dark charm, which, in my opinion, is completely in line with the mysterious, very masculine Mr. R. And he accepts Rochester's sad, tortured person so weakly. He portrays sharpness when the scene requires it, but also shows Rochester's tender, passionate, emotional side too. (IMO's recent A&E production suffers from the fact that Ciaran Hinds - which I usually love - seems to blow and bully throughout. I've read the book many times, and I've never felt that Rochester was supposed to be perceived as a nonstop snarling beast.) <br /> <br /> When I read the novel, I always see Zelah Clarke as Jane. Mrs. Clarke, for me, looks like Jane, as she describes herself (and described by others). Little, childish, adventure ... Although the actor does not see 18, she portrays Jane's attributes as well. While other reviews have claimed that her plays are wood or unemotional, keep in mind that the character who spent 8 years at Lowood was trained to keep his feelings and "passionate nature" in check. Her main inspiration was her childhood friend Helen, who was the image of slaughter. Although her true nature was unequal, Jane learned to master her mood and act responsibly according to the school's goals for her charity students who would enter "service". Jane becomes a governor of the rich Mr Rochester's household. She would certainly not * speak to him as an equal. Already later when she gave as well as she got, she would always be sure to remember that her station was far below her employer. Nevertheless, if you read the book - as this production remains incredibly close - you can clearly see the small battles Zelah-as-Jane lasts as she represses her feelings to remain gentle and uniform. <br /> <br /> The chemistry between Dalton and Clarke is just right, I think. No, it doesn't look like Hollywood (God God! It's not a Hollywood kind of book), but theirs is a romance that's true, devoted, and loyal. And for a woman like Jane, who never supposed to have * any * love, come her, it's a minor miracle. The rest of the casting is great, and I love the fact that almost every sign from the book is present here. It is also much of the rich, poetic original dialogue. This version is the only one I know to include the lovely, infamous "gypsy scene" and generally, has more humor than other versions I've seen. In particular, the mutual right between the protagonists comes directly from the book and is so lovely! <br /> <br /> In many ways Jane Eyre was one of the first short stories feminists. She finally accepted love on her own terms and independently, and finally as Rochester's true equal. Just beautiful!
