To call this episode brillant feels like too little. To say it stops, the excellent work of the prizes is also reducing, because there has never been a long way from Soprano's episode so far. In fact, the title may be a slick invitation for those who aren't real fans yet: Join the club ... <br /> <br /> Picking up where Junior got off (putting a bullet in his nosy gut after having failed him for a villain he killed in the first season), the story with Tony begins to be just fine. Without reminding of what happened to him, he participated in a kind of convention. Only he does not speak with his normal accent, and there seems to be something wrong with his papers. He doesn't seem to be Tony Sopran, but Kevin Finnerty, or at least it's a group of people thinking, and until the window is sorted out can't leave his hotel. Of course, in pure Sopranos tradition, it turns out to be nothing more than a dream: Tony is actually in a coma, with doctors uncertain about his fate, his family and friends worried about sick and junior refusing to believe that everything actually happened. Unfortunately, it did, and Anthony Jr. looks willing to avenge the attempt on his father's life. Dreams have appeared quite often in the series, often as a kind of spiritual test for the protagonists (especially in season 5 showing the test dream). Join the club, but take the metaphysical qualities of the program already suggested by the earlier episode's use of a William S. Burrough poem and push the envelope in the most obedient way: Tony hallucines his dead friends (the first instance of that kind) was caused by food poisoning, four seasons ago) is one thing he actually is in what seems to be Purgatory is radically different. The "heavenly" part of the story is filled with allegorical meanings, not least the name Tony is given (as a sign points out, spelling it in a certain way will give you the word "infinite"), and none of it comes out as blasted or removed: David Chase has created a work that is too intelligent to use nice settings for their own sake; It all helps the story. Speaking of "help from the top" in the case of Tony Sopran, however, it can stretch a little.
