In what appears to be an attempt to mix drama and comedy, Manuel Gomez Pereira made this film, "Things that make life worthwhile." It's not an original discovery, with many voices you (by the way) by the way, but it differs something from the norm in the Spanish cinema. The disadvantage is that the elements that make up the film are poorly combined, and while some points are not well developed, others are out of place. One day in two people's lives near the media age. That's basically what the movie Gomez Pereira. Jorge (Eduard Fernandez) is a stationary (parado) despite strain on his back with drama major, seems to be willing to see things change. Only this explains that his involvement in a minor could mean a turning point in his existence. In keeping with Audrey Tautou of 'Long dating' (Jean-Pierre Jeunet, 2004) Jorge says things like this to himself: "If I find a coin in front of the corner that will now change the luck." Of course, it finds it, begins to play "Today could be a great day" by Joan Manuel Serrat and in a few crosses on the road Hortensia (Ana Belen). She is another female entry point, divorced and a little lonely. Take valerian to sleep, organize birthday party as an exemplary mother, said her faith in God and lead to a speed of murder. Hydrangea is a woman with many contradictions in her behavior, life was in his main driving data like "70% of people fall in love only once in a lifetime" and said, even if it is short of Jorge and unemployed and does not exclude the possibility that it is a "sadistic" sleeping in his shoulder at the cinema on the earliest occasion. Later came a community, a dance in the luxurious wedding buffet, the back of a car and other things that players seem to live on unique experiences, but end up making quite heavy for the viewer. "Things that make life worthwhile" debate between us is the drama of two adult people who have no one else who makes them see where their strange relationship and vice versa make us take the matter as a comedy that focuses on things like a Chinese song at a wedding (which seems to be fun in itself) or the riddle of a drunk person. The problem is that it doesn't give us time to connect with the players, so we can't identify with the dramatic, and don't give us a solid base comedian as well and leave everything except pure joke. Eventually, everyone mixes in a way that the viewer no longer knows very well about laughing or grieving, nor does it end. And it's true that something is not seen a thousand times, it's not the kind of movie we find bending every corner, but it's not sufficiently different or special that we want to do. Ana Belén (who seems far less than the 53 years in this movie) and Eduard Fernandez are two great actors who are very fun to see, but this time it seems clear or pleasant enough in scenes that require him breaks the quiet ruler of the movie, so in moments like the "accident" with the children of the bar seems something to slip off their hands. Maybe a very dramatic change to be made, but it's no excuse to lower the guard. In any case, both interpreters are easily built up by the function. 'Things that make life worthwhile' only work up to the modest level of entertainment. Any claim beyond this point has not been fulfilled, as a romantic comedy or dramatic, as we suppose they wanted to do, cannot afford to make small moments successful (except for bad ones) as what one of the characters is talking and laughing, loses full, compared to a boy who partially stays in a coma because of him. It doesn't matter much to people like Rosario Pardo, which makes the typical friend launched whose biggest contribution to the movie is the phrase "must be over" and songs from the soundtrack, though important, not just fit. It is true that the film by Manuel Gomez Pereira has its hits (some of the moments involving Jose Sacristan), but the whole is an anodyne story, a movie with good intentions and a good result, the better.
