I wanted to read about FLAVIA THE HERETIC for many years, but I only got to see it early last year when I went on an insane movie shopping bag, and for some reason it has been on my mind lately, even though it has been some months since I saw it. <br /> <br /> It is a striking film located in Italy somewhere around the 15th century. Absolutely the Middle Ages (though I don't think a particular year is ever given). This is the time of Christian affordability, age is a time of utter insanity, and the film takes it very well. <br /> <br /> Our main character, Flavia, is a young lady who meets a fallen Muslim on a battlefield. He seems like a warm and exciting guy, and she is immediately taken with him. Her father, a soldier of a family of some standing, comes almost immediately and kills the wounded right in front of the eyes. But she will continue to see him in her dreams. Her father sends her out to a monastery that looks more like a blatantly insane asylum resident, so heavily suppressed by subconscious medieval Christianity, slowly getting angry. Flavia comes under the influence of one of the nuttier nuns. But in a crazy world, only the sane is really mad, and this sociopathic sister clearly recognizes madness around her. Her takes on the times when they live, hitting a chord with Flavia, who, as a young and apparently read, begins to question everything about this world where she finds herself trapped. <br /> <br /> The film is unclear in its portrayal of the world that shows a lot of discomfort. We see a horse game, a gentleman rape one of his country's women in a pig regime, a pious torture of a young nun. Throughout it, Flavia notes and questions, finally rejects the Christian dogma that creates such a fate of paradise that would make the film some criticism over the years for seemingly anachronistic. I disagree with that criticism. Flavia's views, but sometimes expressed in ways such as guard mirror, such as modern-day feminist comments (the film was made in 1974), are all about what is really quite obvious issues. Maybe it's hard to believe that she could be so much of a fish out of water at her own time, but that's the kind of small thing it doesn't do for belabor. Flavia is written in such a way that in our era, or in any era, they allow empathy with her situation. Getting into foam on such a question would miss the forest for the trees. Flavia is the heart when Muslims arrive, invades the country, and she finds in their leader a new version of the beautiful Islamist still visiting his dreams. Infringing with her almost instantly, he gives her the opportunity to almost lead his army, become a Joan of Arc figure in full combat, and direct the intruders to pull the Christian community and avenge all those she has seen commits evil. /> <br /> Is she heralded for a new and better world? She may think so, but Muslims in that era were not great at feminism as she soon learned the hard way. As they say, the new boss meets ... <br /> <br /> This is really just a thumbnail of some of the things happening in FLAVIA THE HERETIC. The movie is rather gloomy, and with a very downbeat, quite depressing end. Not a lot of audience movie at all, to be sure. However, it is quite good and does not belong to the "nunsploitation" pile, where it is often carelessly careless. I think there is a lot of value in the final movie and I'm glad I saw it.
