"Flavia, la monaca muslmana" aka. "Flavia the Heretic" from 1974 is a truly disturbing and uncompromising piece of Italian exploitation cinema that to some extent follows a somewhat feminist premise (though the level of sleaze and brutality would probably offend the majority of feminists). Seen mainly in a monastery, and with a nun as the eponymous central protagonist (Great Performance by the wonderful Florinda Bolkan), "Flavia The Heretic" can be termed a "Nunsploitation" movie. However, this film differs quite drastically from the typical Nunsploitation flicks of the time, as it does not focus so much on nunsploitation elements such as lesbian, sadistic lesbian punishments, etc. Personally, I saw more similarities to Hexploitation flicks of time, such as "The Devil's Mark" This does not address the subject of witchcraft, which focuses on the brutal execution of Christian fundamentalism in the Middle Ages and in the early modern period. <br /> <br /> Italy around 1600: Having seen her despotic father pay tribute to a wounded Muslim soldier, young Flavia is forced to become a nun in a monastery. When the father condemns a fellow of a torture death for a minor offense years later, Falvia's aversion to male violence against women to hatred against the despotic church, and she joins a band of Arab riders ... <br /> <br /> One thing is certain, "Flavia The Heretic" is not for the faint hearted, nor is it for those who want happy endings. Director Gianfranco Mingozzi of course tried to make his movie as realistic and disturbing as possible, especially in his unpleasant scenes. The many torture and execution scenes are extremely disturbing, with skinnings, spikes and other gruesome scenes in explicit detail. The most shocking scene is probably the young nun's torture at the very beginning of the film. However, violence here is never superfluous. These cruel methods were, after all, reality at the moment the movie is set. The film is very well-crafted with realistic costumes, stunning settings, an elegant filmography and a fantastic score by Nicola Piovani. The stunningly beautiful and beautiful Florinda Bolkan has proved her talent in many great Italian cult productions (including Lucio Fulci's Giallo masterpiece "Non Si Sevizia Un Paperino" from 1972). She is delivering another great charismatic performance here, and I couldn't imagine another actor style also in the role she does. The movie has some minor inconsistencies (eg why let the stiff church bizarre cult followers into monasteries in the first place). But, overall, how realistic this movie is is fantastic. "Flavia the Heretic" should definitely not miss my fellow players from Italian Exploitation Cinema. This is a great exploitation flick overall, though it is definitely a deeply depressing one and therefore should be viewed in the right mood. Highly recommended for fans of disturbing movie theaters. 7.5 / 10
