Flavia The Heretic is an undeniable work of art and probably my first recommendation to state that the Euro exploitation movie is heavily underestimated and not to be ignored. This is an intelligent and complex movie, beautifully realized and ?? surprise ?? pretty damn! This is more than just meaningless sleaze or free violence, and it is time that these prudish film committees, which categorize Flavia as forbidden waste, also count on this. Flavia is a beautiful 15th century youth who is forced to live an obedient nun in a strict monastery. She refuses to accept that she is inferior just because she is a woman and she curses her fellow sister for being so tolerant of this. After a fruitless attempt to escape, she turns to another rebellious nuns, and even leads a troop of bloodthirsty Muslims into the walls of the monastery. <br /> <br /> Flavia is a downright fascinating movie! Almost impossible to believe that director Gianfranco Mingozzi managed to make it seem so realistic and so disruptive. I challenge you to come up with a title that focuses on the subject of pioneer feminism more intensely than Flavia does. Several sequences are quite shocking (on the verge of nightmares, in fact), as the camera zooms in on brutal rape, torture and mutilation. Yet this raw material is not just used to satisfy perverted gorehounds, imagine. I am strongly convinced that they are part of the statement 'Flavia' attempts to communicate: Man (especially the Catholic Church) has historically proved to be a hypocrite and discriminatory race, and there is no need to deny it further. Movies like "Flavia, The Heretic" have the courage to question and openly condemn our precious ancestors, and I truly admire them. Flavia is an excellent and basic exploitation film because of its substance, but it is even brought to a higher level by the wonderful filmography, glorious costumes and scenery and a breathtaking musical score by Nicola Piovani. Florinda Bolkin is very convincing as the ambitious and haughty non, but it is María Casares who steals the show as Sister Agatha. She is a man-hating and high-tone nun who likes to urinate in the open field! Amen, sister!
