I felt that this movie was just as much about human sexuality as anything else, whether conscious or not. We are also shown how absurd and paradoxical it is for women not to be allowed such a nationally important event while forgetting the past in our respective "advanced" nations. I'm writing from Japan, where women only got the vote 60 years ago, and female technical engineers are a new phenomenon. Pubs in England were once quite male, the business was completely out of bounds for women in America until recently, and women in China had their feet tied so they could not develop feet that were strong enough to escape their husbands. Iran is going through this stage comfortably in our time, and we get a good look at how ridiculous we all have seen at some point. Back to the issue of sexuality, we are asked to wonder what it might be like for women who make them unfit for a football game (the official reason is that men are bad). Especially such boyish girls, a few so much so that you get the feeling that lesbianism is also on the agenda. I think one point is that not all women are the same, and the women the police are trying to "protect" are not those who would try to get in the first place. The opening scenes in the approach to the stadium enable you to appreciate the young women's values ​​trying to enter - and each separately - at all. It's a brutal man's world. Any woman brave enough to try to go should be allowed! The world of sexuality is not uniform. Meanwhile, the arrested criminal girls within the interim pen tie pending their expulsion to who knows where and in a much more subtle way, begins to bind with the guards and guard them. These had specific ideas about women and femininity that were challenged on their heads. The change in attitude is glacial, but visible. As the film is pure Iran from the very first moment, it takes a little light into the alien, but the characters have a special way of engaging in you and you end up getting the whole picture and even understanding the men's misunderstandings and letting them go. The supposed villain is the invisible patriarchy of the Ayatollaher, who remains invisible and named and probably unremembered. <br /> <br /> Knowing that this movie was filmed during the current event of the Iran-Bahrain fight, gives me a sense of awe for everyone involved.
