What do you think the average person wanted to know more about: Iranian film or Iranian football? Interestingly, the two come to the forefront of the controversial Iranian filmmaker Jafar Panahi's latest movie entitled 'Offside', a story that uses football or football access as the backdrop for a series of scenes related to one's right to do something or go somewhere and an individual's right to expand this courtesy, if and when they want to. The odd thing is, you don't get away from offside because you've learned about Iranian football or too much about Iranian cinema (unless it is a Panahi's controversial style education), but you get away and feel enlightened that at least Someone from Iran has taken a controversial issue, apparently still in force in a nation like Iran, and is willing to present it to an international audience rather than exploit it. <br /> <br /> I remember the 2006 World Cup, I am sure many people can. It was the summer after my first year out at the university and after beating it was my first year, a summer of World Cup football served as a nicely timed tonic. Needless to say, I saw almost all the game bars they show at the same time as the others at the end of the group stage, to avoid occurrences as seen in Spain '82 when it was believed that West Germany and Austria appeared to Get a result between those who would see both of them through at the expense of Algeria. <br /> <br /> Anyone in the UK who watched the BBC's broadcast of Iran? Mexico's game, both nations first in the tournament, recalls that BBC's football tanker Gary Lineker at the top of the show left a cunning comment to introduce the fight. It was something like, "We've seen gigants Germany, England, Argentina and Holland playing, but now we'll see ......... Mexico and Iran knock it out". The weight of the latter two was inferior and that perhaps seeing them was a task. It's a shame because there are people and movies like Offside present those who are really willing to see Iran play to the point where they risk their well-being to achieve it, and that is sad when people in power position rejects what they consider "worse" when there are others who would do anything to get the chance otherwise to engage. <br /> <br /> When I think of the words 'Iran', 'football' and 'World Cup' back to the France '98 game between the nation and America. Here is a film about a World Cup game of sorts involving Iran, but where some or most Iranian filmmakers might have chosen to present a story about Iran's famous victory over the United States, and what made them choose Director Panahi to look at what is happening behind the scenes and present a story from the stands as women are excluded from football matches and are allowed to live ecstasy to win a huge size game. You can imagine a heavy handy film describing Iran's 'victory' as a lumbering propaganda film designed to exploit as they 'defeat' a Western power or 'enemy' of a sport they may not be expected to do i. <br /> <A few movies that come to mind when it comes to beating the insurmountable on their own game is the 2001 Indian movie 'Lagaan', where Indian peasants defeat the ruling British on cricket. Similalry, 2005's 'The Game of Their Lives' sees the Americans defeating the English in a football game this time only in the 1950 World Cup. The differences between these films and offside are huge; Offside looks at a situation behind a state's mentality and dares to explore an essence of feminism as the girls try to see their beloved Iran defeat Bahrain and qualify for the World Cup, rounded off like animals and kept in a raw purgatory bare feet from a locked window. that would allow them to watch the game. The reasoning is to do with the foul language the men 'might' do not want, but 'can' use during the game. The film presents Iran as so incompetent that they cannot remove a man's right to swear and forbid the bad language, but must ban a woman's right to watch the game together? No wonder Panahi's film was banned in Iran. <br /> <br /> But Panahi remembers to include what makes the rule so crazy at first by often letting his female characters both smoke cigarettes and use cell phones, two things doctors and researchers want you to think are far more dangerous for the human body / mind than to hear a little foul language in a football game. Panahi pays particular attention to the title of his movie 'Offside', which in itself is crucial in football detail when an 'attacker' is 'trapped' and tries to gain an advantage in the game area. The parallels run with the woman's position in the movie, as these advances (supposedly without justice) are involved in trying to put one over the opposition team; It is the state itself. <br /> <br /> I think Offside is one of the better movies coming out from the Middle East and the surrounding Gulf area that I have seen. It is a tense but humble film about people who do not carry any play story according to IMDb, and thus the play is raw and real to add the picturesque neo-realistic aura to it all. The immediate end is followed, and the constant verbal battle between male soldiers and female champions who dared to hesitate the state is wonderful. I also believe that someone actually does not like the movie for the reasons I have mentioned, showing a distinct level of uneasy, either that or you are working in the Iranian government.
