In Iran, women are not allowed to participate in men's sporting events, apparently "protecting" them from all the cursed and eerie languages ​​they may hear from the male fans (so, since men cannot hold back or behave, women are forced to to suffer. go figure.). "Offside" tells the story of half a dozen young women who, dressed as men, try to sneak into the high-stakes match between Iran and Bahrain, which in 2005 qualified Iran to go to the World Cup actually filmed in the race of this game). "Offside" is a disc-of-life comedy reminding you of all the great humanistic films ("The Shop on Main Street" by a blonde, "closely watched train", etc.) flowing out of Communist Czechoslovakia As part of the "Prague Miracle" in the mid-1960s, as with many of these works, "Offside" is more concerned about observing life than designing any kind of elaborate fictional narrative. the setup and naturalism in the style that makes the movie so effective. <br /> <br /> When their ruse is discovered, the girls are correlated in a small pen just outside the stadium where they can hear the raucous cheering emanating from the game inside. Poor, where they are, all they can do is ask the security guards to let them go in, guards who are basically bumbling, good-natured boys who are forced to do their duty as part of their obsession. most of the men entering the stadium do not work very much worried about the idea that these women are allowed. The ban continues. But how can one not be impressed with the true courage and spunk shown by these women as they oppose a system that continues to enforce such a ridiculous regressive and archaic constraint? And yet the purpose of these women is not to get behind a case or to make a "point". They are simply obsessed with a burning desire to watch a football game and, like all the men in the country, are cheering on their team. It is hard to tell how much the dialogue is written and how much of it is exquisite, but in both cases, the actors with their wonderfully expressive faces do a magnificent job that makes every moment seem real and convincing. Mohammad Kheir-abadi and Shayesteh Irani are remarkable standouts in a uniformly outstanding cast. The film's structure is also very loose and freeform, as author / director Jafar Panahi and co-author Shadmehr Rastin focus on a few short moments on one or two of the characters, moving it smoothly and without difficulty on others. With this documentary type approach, we will feel that we are witnessing a concrete event unfolding in "real time". It is very easy for us to forget that we are actually watching a movie. <br /> <br /> It was a very clever step by the filmmakers to include so much good-natured humor in the movie (that's what Czech filmmakers did too), the better to point out the complete absurdity of the situation and extend the film's appeal to the audience both domestic and foreign. "Offside" is, of course, a cry for justice, but it is one that is made more effective by refusing to make its story a harsh tragedy. Instead, it realizes that nothing breaks down social barriers as effectively as humor and an appeal to the public's common humanity. And isn't that the real art about? In its own quiet, undervalued way, "Offside" is one of the great, undervalued jewels from 2007.
