Various film directors from different countries have contributed a lot to the film medium according to their thoughts. As a result, we have experienced different genres when the medium is concerned. Jafar Panahi, unlike J. L. Godard or F. Truffault, believes in simple storytelling; Schematic stories are one of the most important features of his direct work. He trusts the automatic as well as the critical intelligence of the viewer; He does not have to go to alienation or such things to reach the viewers. He is just as effective, though conventional. Offside (2006) is another schematic creation from him where gender subordination of Middle East Asia gradually becomes ready for everyone, as the simple but exciting story of the film progresses. Nowadays, when we all shout at the issue of women's rights, this film changes very calmly into our minds and ultimately becomes a hurdle to our critical intelligence by conveying the message that human rights approval is nothing but an illusory good a utopia. Paternity will never allow women to be empowered. An important football game where the nation participates, a teenage girl who understands the game well, loves her nation, has no right to enter the stadium to cheer for her country. She is only allowed to listen to the live commentary. Her alias could not work for her. As a result, she had to undergo several humiliating situations. From the beginning, her worried father ran here and there for her daughter. At the end of the day, there was celebration when the nation won the fight, which the girl could not see when she was detained in the stadium's outside during the battle. But the celebration cannot suppress the issue of women's rights that remain in every corner of the world in different formats. Jafar Panahi has successfully pointed to this issue of gender abuse from within the framework of conventional filmmaking and patriarchy. A global tragedy has been handled lightly and sometimes with humor, which again teases our being constantly.
