On the other hand, a movie about women who would like to watch a football game would not appeal much to anyone with little interest in football like myself, but it's not about football, it's about discrimination and women's enthusiasm for the sport they love . <br /> <br /> The film opens on the day of a decisive World Cup qualifier between Iran and Bahrain, a girl trying to enter Tehran's azadi stadium by dressing up as a boy, it seems she will get up to a soldier trying to seek her. Once caught, she is taken to a small cabinet high up on the outside of the stadium, where there are a handful of women who had already been captured. Here they are guarded by a small group of supporting soldiers, whose leader would rather be home again pets. We never learn the names of the sign, but we get to know them as people the girls ask with the guards to let them see about a nearby hole in the wall, and when they are denied trying to make them at least give a comment. <br /> <br /> In addition to making an important point about the rigid sex determination in much of today's Iran, the movie contains many hilarious moments such as "disguise", one of the girls is made to wear when going to the toilet and the girl who spoiled herself as a soldier and was only caught because she chose to watch the match from a seat reserved for a senior officer. The girls' enthusiasm for the game is such that the viewer at the end is likely to be on the edge of their seat and hopes that Iran will win and thus come to the final in Germany. The soldiers are not shown as fundamentalists, they are only members who are there because they must be and when they explain the girls why women cannot see men's sports do not seem to be convinced by their own arguments. <br /> It is a shame that this movie cannot be seen in Iran itself, but it is good that the wider world can see it and thus see that ordinary Iranians are not a bunch of fanatics desperate to lead West war but normal people with the same passions and concerns as people everywhere. The cast did a great job of making their characters look like real people rather than just caricatures.
