Panahi, whose former films such as The Circle and Crimson Gold have seemed to range from dour to ugly, has in his new Offside produced a fun, eerie, pleasingly chaotic ensemble piece ending with a grant and liberating fun ?? but the film treats material just as challenging and relevant as anything else he has done. By focusing on a group of beautiful girl, football fans who caught up in the pre-match Bahrain-Iran match in the Tehran stadium, Panahi brings questions about national spirit and independence and the contradictions ?? and pure absurdity ?? of the regime's religious gender apartheid in a world of modern competition with a majority of youth population and urban girls who are increasingly thinking of themselves. <br /> <br /> When the movie opens, we breathe with one of the girls in a bus with a father looking for a lost daughter. This one has a disguise and has national colors as a war template, but we crawl with her with knowledge of what should happen: she is still easily discovered. The thing is, most of the men around are not real. Rules are still rules, and when they try to make it through the various checkpoints coming into the big stadium, they will fire football girls, or some of them will be rounded and kept in a small composition on top of the stadium of some mostly young , green and rustic soldiers police who have no idea how to deal with these great urban girls' independent ideas and would rather see the fight? if roar we constantly hear in the background ?? themselves. Every girl is different ?? represents another set of reasons to break the rules and different ways of doing so. One wore a soldier's uniform and entered the officer's section. One is tough and masculine and mocking and provocative (she could pass a beautiful boy and justify it: "Are you a girl or a boy?" "What do you want me to be?"). You don't care about football, but went to honor a dead mate. One (Aida Sadeghi) is an avid footballer himself? etc. These Tehrani girls are stubborn and clever, and they run the entire closed rural lieutenant responsible for them (Safar Samandar). One rural (Mohamad Kheirabadi) takes the girl soccer player to the men's toilet (of course there are no ladies) and forces her to wear a poster of an Italian football star as a mask. A comedy of errors and chaos follows where the girl escapes. Later comes a spiffy looking van with an officer leading the police to take the girls to the Vice Department ?? violation of sexual separation rules qualifies as vice. A man gets mixed up with them ?? a child who is chronically guilty of smuggling fireworks into the games. The carriage does not appear to be so spiffy: the radio antenna is broken. But a policeman keeps it in place so that they can listen to the increasingly heartbreaking reportage. Cops and prisoners are all in a common tension now. There is no score, the game goes to penalty kick and the winner will go to Germany. In the background through all this is a real game, a real stadium and real lots of young men crazy about the result of this event. The excitement is huge and the streets are stuck in cars and flags and a milling of followers asking for an Iranian winner and united in their excitement. <br /> <br /> What makes this movie as good as it can be clear by now is the shot of the evening of a real game with a real finale that turns everything around. This is in contrast to Panahi's formerly highly anticipated narrative spontaneous vérité film production, which improvises in rhythm with a captured background of current events and sweeps you into its excitement in ways that are quite exciting. <br /> <br /> The essence of Offside is the disconnection of modern world football madness and retro-Islamic social ban suppressing women ?? the latter exists at a time when young Iranian women become part of a global world where women participate in sports and share in screams of national team spirit. How precisely do you combine the country's ambition to become a modern global power with medieval medieval attitudes? A lot of officers are astonishingly genuine, including the way everyone tries to speak out of everything. The director's decision to inject young actors into an actual sports mega-event leads to an astonishingly effective blend of documentary, polemic, and fiction that is too energetic to seem to have a leg to choose and it ends in a way that is brilliant and moving. <br /> <br /> I've had reservations about Panahi's movie before, but one kicks ass. Panahi is doing something remarkable here. He criticizes his society, presents an unusual drama and touches our hearts with a sense of a nation's ambitions.
