In Iran, women are forbidden to participate in live sports events because of the fear that they will be "destroyed" by bad language, close to thousands of men and the fact that there are no toilet facilities for women in the ancient stadiums. Based on a concrete incident involving the director's daughter, Jafar Panahi's offside follows six girls, disguised as men who are denied access to the football match in 2005 between Iran and Bahrain, a battle that determines whether Iran goes to or not the World championship. In contrast to the gloomy, minimalist films we've been accustomed to from Iran over the last ten years, Offside is a bubbly comedy that has a patriotic fervor and a universal appeal, but contains enough subversive social comments to justify its ban on screening in Iran. <br /> <br /> Digital camera shots using non-professional actors, more than up to the task, try to sneak the girls into the Azadi stadium in Tehran, but be arrested and placed in an area outside the stadium . They are overseen by three young army officers (Safdar Samandar, Mohammed Kheir-Abadi and Masoud Kheymeh-Kaboud) who express ambivalence about their mission, but are required to follow the rules. The women are soccer enthusiasts, not political activists, and rejoice in Iran's victory, but it does not prevent the soldiers from detaining them while waiting for the girls to be transported to the vice and an uncertain future. <br /> <br /> Instead of acting as victims, they are constantly asking the soldiers for the reasons behind the restrictions, making their absurdity quite obvious. Although they can hear the amount of noise, the women cannot see the action, but gain a slight victory when they persuade one of the soldiers to comment continuously on the game. One of the funniest sequences takes place when a female "prisoner" is escorted to the men's room by a soldier. The young recruiter will then have to deal with a neuter when he is to prevent others from using the facilities while the girl is still inside. <br /> <br /> Little by little to rewrite Adlai Stevenson, what unites them to be greater than what divides them and the unlikely antagonists gather behind their land and rudder for the victory that will send Iran to world championship. Although the point is made early and often, and the film is a bit in the middle, Offside makes a narrative about a society where a political elite with a medieval social mentality must fight with a growing group of educated and politically clear citizens. One can only hope that world pressures and the upbringing of his own people will force the Ayatollahs to come to terms with the 21st century.
