I watched this movie at the Toronto International Film Festival. Filmed under an actual qualification match for the 2006 World Cup, Offside works brilliantly as both a comedy and a tragedy. The film follows fortunes for a group of young women who are caught trying to sneak into a football game in Tehran's Azadi Stadium. The country's Islamic religious leaders have decided that women should not sit on men's sporting events so they are not subjected to curse and other morally questionable behavior. This has not stopped the country's young female fans, who continue to sneak in using various tricks. But Panahi focuses on a small group that has been captured and detained painfully close to the action. They ask the boring soldiers to guard them to let them go or at least let them see the fight. The soldiers tell them that they should not have tried to come in that they could have watched the game at home on television. They scare back and forth in almost real time as the game continues just outside the camera. There is a very fun sequence where a young soldier accompanies one of the girls to the toilet. Since there are no female toilets at stadiums, he must clear the room for any men before he can allow her to enter. Plus, he makes her face so no one can see she is a woman. This is achieved by using a poster of the Iranian football star Ali Daei as a mask with eyelets punched out. <br /> <br /> You get a real sense that even the soldiers are amazed by the ban and only carry out their orders to speed up the end of their mandatory military service. A soldier complains that he should be on vacation so he could take care of his family's cattle in the countryside. Little by little the girls and soldiers talk to each other, and there are many small turns of kindness on both sides to show that these are basically good people living in horrible conditions. But the soldiers' constant reminder that the "boss" is coming gives a sense of threat as we do not know what kind of punishment women face. <br /> <br /> Unlike most Iranian films known for their strong visuals, Offside is filmed in a realistic style without artwork. In fact, the film was made during the actual qualification match against Bahrain, which took place on June 5, 2005. The "Plot" in many ways was determined by the outcome on the court. If Iran won the fight, they would qualify. If they lost, they would not. Since the World Cup has come and gone, I don't think it's a spoiler to say that Iran won the fight. The scenes in the fortress at the end of the film were genuine and spontaneous, giving the film a true authenticity. Seeing how much this meant for the Iranian people was deeply moving. <br /> <br /> At the end of the film, one of the young women also refers to seven fans who died during the Iran-Japan fight on March 25, just a few weeks before. They were trampled to death after police began spraying the crowd with water to move them in a certain direction. Knowing that this was a real-time tragedy added another level of poignancy to the celebrations. <br /> <br /> I don't want to go on a long political key, but this movie gave me a real hope that there are those in Iran who hope for change and work on it. Iran is a nation of young people, and it is only a matter of time before they take their place for their elders in the political field. Films like this show the Iranian people's proud spirit despite their current difficulties, and it is my sincere hope that there is a brighter future for them.
