Loopy, but sharp and formidable mob boss Vic (an excellent performance by Richard Dreyfuss) is being released from a mental hospital. Several of Vic's other criminal cohorts that include fleeting henchman "Brass Balls" Ben London (a glorious manic and top-top hammy portrayal of Gabriel Byrne), the chic Jake Parker (a perfect alley Kyle MacLachlan) and vicious rival "Wacky" Jacky Jackson (a nice turn of Burt Reynolds) tries everyone to knock Vic away. Meanwhile, the recumbent and self-sufficient hit man Mickey Holliday (nicely played with low confidence by Jeff Goldblum) finds himself in the middle of all this deadly lunacy. Writer / director Larry Bishop brings an extremely hip, quirky and original idiosyncratic sensitivity to this delicious dark and deadpan pitch-black comedy about betrayal, loyalty, and ruthless ambition running dangerously crazy. Bang-cast has a marketplace with the colorful grotesque gallery of blithely amorous and treacherous hoodlums: Ellen Barkin as hard, sultry minor Rita Everly, Henry Silva as Vics reliable right hand Sleepy Joe Carisle, Gregory Hines as philosophical smoothie Jules Flamingo, Diane Lane as Vics sweet, lovely lover Grace, Billy Drago as the slimy Wells and Christopher Jones as the brutal sparkle artist Nicholas Falco. Bishop makes the most of his succulent secondary role as lethal and laconic ace killer Nick. Popping in nifty bits is Billy Idol as a blustery thug, Michael J. Pollard as the fake Red, Joey Bishop as mortician Mr. Gottlieb, Rob Reiner as a jolly driver and Richard Pryor as Jimmy the Gravedigger. Byrne is a lovely crazy duet with singer Paul Anka on "My Way" rates as a particular side splitting highlight. An exciting and entertaining climatic Mexican stand-off also tickles the funny bone somewhat hysterically. Frank Byers' slick cinematography, the outrageous nutty dialogue, Earl Roses jazzy cocktail lounge score and a selection of vintage swinging golden oldies soundtrack further enhance the engaging distinctive charm of this incredibly entertaining one-of-a-kind curio.
