I have to be honest and say I bought this movie, not because of the content, but because David Cubitt is in it; I know ... low or what? - But come on, Mr Cubitt is a great actor to say the least. <br /> <br /> I didn't really know what to expect from watching this movie, I wanted to read the other write up and those in other places, but I have to say I was drawn into the brothers' world , almost gone. David Cubitt as Theo and Colm Feore as Ryan are as credible as the two foreign brothers, the film moves through their relationship as they begin to know each other again after their father's death. The scene where Theo finds out, Ryan is gay played brilliantly, he literally goes into a scene and tries to go without Ryan noticing - which of course he has. <br /> <br /> The film has been very well researched and is therefore incredibly sad, moving, uplifting and celebrating life in parts. I got away from this feeling sad about what Ryan went through, but also with the knowledge that he was given hope and unconditional love by the former drug addict, Brother Theo. I agree with the other reviewer who finds the scene where Theo says he will be a moving father and I will go a little further to say that I actually stamped my thoughts on Ryan when he roughly says Theo 'What makes you believe you can be a father' and Theo simply says 'you'. Theo goes away then, but the little dialogue exchange speaks volumes to the almost self-evident aspect of Ryan, who is heavily raised by the simple retort. A brilliantly conceived movie on all counts, the actor, the board, the writing, etc. are all so well done. I can't really find anything else to say about this movie, except to say it's very hard to deal with a loved one's death, but it's done excellently, endlessly. Respect for the subject and the release of love (without being contradictory and mawkish) speaks volumes in this rather selfish world we live in today. Well done for everyone involved. Not many movies bring me to tears and pause to think about life in general and also to be happy with all the things I have and not be sad for things I do not, but this film did it, it was incredibly uplifting in consideration of the subject.
