Anna (Ursula Andress) is introduced as an official R.N. by ex-lover Benito Varotto (Duilio Del Prete), apparently caring for an aging widow, Count Leonida Bottacin (Mario Piso), back to health after a heart attack. But Benito actually leads a group of heirs and businessmen, including the American entrepreneur, Mr. Kitch (Jack Palance), with ulterior motives, reflected by what Anna hopefully will do with Count. He has a story about, well as women, and would actually be a bit more "vulnerable" as he is healed. The evil boys are tracked as Anna does not go together and grow closer to the counts. The ending can be said to be ironic, but it is probably better described as predictable. <br /> <br /> But so much for the plot - this movie is quite an erotic comedy, from start to finish and oh how good. There are many naked scenes, including those of Anna and Jole, one of the malicious heirs played by Luciana Paluzzi. Both Ursula and Luciana are remarkable continental ex-Bond women, thus fulfilling the fantasies of male viewers. As she did in Thunderball (remember Fiona Volpe), Luciana plays a femme fatale, a kind, though less elegant. <br /> <br /> Perhaps the best scene is Anna's (slow) complete strip and jumping to bed with the young Adone, the "other patient" (who is incredibly resilient) in an attempt to find out what he is know about the plot. But even at this time she is already two-faced (for the better), because she has decided not to go together. However, Benito is more than a two-hour with women who have had long whistles in the past with both Anna and Jole, and the rival best erotic scene follows an invective (to say the least) argument between him and Jole. This is a standing meeting where Luciana is only out of black panties. Another nice thing is that Ursula is swimming naked in the yard's pool. Count is free as a client to put his hands where he wants on Ursula, and he exploits. Hey, somehow I've gone back to the actress's names in my descriptions. Erotic scenes involving other women include an entertaining sober wine cellar hunt. "The Sensuous Nurse" is compact, 77 minutes, but it doesn't have to be - it's comfortable without interruption, starting to finish. Definitely recommended. <br /> <br />
