I'm not a fan of Adam Sandler. In fact, I don't think I ever wanted him in anything I've seen him in. This movie's opening scene confirmed my worst fear. There was Adam Sandler who played a somewhat ridiculous-looking character driving around in New York City on a scooter, so tough and lost. Typical Sandler-type loses character again, I thought. I almost gave up then and there. But when I looked into this, I actually discovered something I never knew before: Adam Sandler can act! He is truly unique in this movie like Charlie, a lost and lonely person whose entire family (including the dog) was killed in one of the hijacked aircraft on 9/11 and apparently lost all contact with reality as a result . Don Cheadle plays his former college roommate, who unexpectedly reconnects with Charlie and takes it on as his mission to help him improve. Of course, Cheadle Alan Johnson has his own problems and sources of accident, and somehow the two men manage to help each other through their difficulties. The two of them made a completely credible team, and Sandler made Charlie in particular and worked through his feelings and emotions. This is not a Sandler comedy. If you're looking for that, go to some of his others, sillies, stuff. This is a rather heavy movie - sometimes sad, sometimes hope and always exciting. There are some fun parts in it. I loved the scene where Charlie convinces Alan to confront his partners by reminding him of how hard he was in college, and then the conversation that the two following have. <br /> <br /> I didn't think personally Saffron Burrows added much to the movie as Donna, a obviously needy patient of Johnson's. The only reason for the character seemed (based on a feedback) that she looked scary like Charlie's late wife, but it was never really developed and I just didn't care about the character. Look for part of the judge but played by Donald Sutherland, which I thought nailed del bang-on. As far as I'm concerned, this is Sandler's movie and kudos for him for a good performance. Definitely his best in my opinion. 8.10
