I must admit that this movie moved me to the point that I burst into tears. However, I always think of things twice, and instead of writing an eulogy that would define the film so flawlessly and impeccably, I prefer the risk of a closer look. <br /> <br /> First of all: The movie has an undeniable impact on the viewer simply because it starts and continues as a slow-paced movie that does not attempt to blow you away with the actual scenes from 9/11. Thumbs up for this brilliant blow, because unlike Stone's WORLD TRADE CENTER this movie fortunately does not focus on the attack itself, but on the fallout, which, like the outcome of a nuclear explosion, is hardly visible, yet dangerous and destructive. The psychological impact, the great destruction that 9/11 caused, and the destruction it erupted on the American people, is almost palpable in this movie. I think Binder did a splendid observation of the US post 9/11 community, and in my opinion, Sandler sky rocked from an average comedy actor to a true talent, delivering an achievement worthy of an Oscar. But: In the movie BLOOD DIAMOND, the Di Caprio character says, and I quote: "Oh, these Americans. Always want to take their feelings". Now I do not want to impair their suffering, but I would like to make a comparison. Ever since 9/11, the whole world has been confronted with memorials, memorials and memories of 9/11. Hollywood industry and writers like Safran Foer more than looking at 9/11 in their works. Now, this vast amount of cultural products dealing with 9/11, 3,000 people are dead in the greatest tragedy of this young century. The number of books written on the subject and the number of films directed at this subject, and I say with all due respect, blows the importance of this cruel crime out of proportion. The fact is: People die every day because of unfair acts and horrible crimes committed by bad or just lost people. We have a war in Iraq, in Afghanistan, in Burma and many other countries. On a daily basis, we forget the poverty that African people suffer from, and we tend to empathize with them to a lesser extent than with the American victims of 9/11, simply because they are black and because their lives do not have much in common with our western life. Africa has no money or potential to celebrate their national tragedies in a way America can. So what I say is this: The reason we feel more about the 3000 victims of 9/11 and their families is because we are constantly reminded of 9/11. Not a day goes by without a newspaper article, movie or book discussing 9/11. Conclusion: I was Commissioner with Charlie Fineman, but I was not sure if I had the right to feel for him more than for a Hutu who lost his entire family in the Rwandan civil war. <br /> <br /> You catch my thrift?
