Alan Johnson (Don Cheadle) is a successful dentist who shares his practice with other business partners. Alan also has a loving wife (Jada Pinkett Smith) and he has two daughters (Camille LaChe Smith & Imani Hakim). He also leaves his parents in his big apartment in New York City. But somehow he feels that his life is something empty. An ordinary day in town he sees his old college's roommate Charlie Fireman (Adam Sandler). Which Alan hasn't seen Charlie this year. When Alan tries to be friends with Charlie again. Charlie is a lonely depressed man who hides his true feelings from people who care about him. When Charlie unexpectedly loses her family in a plane crash, they were on one of the planes on September 11, 2001. When Alan almost feels comfortable with Charlie. When Alan mentions things from his past, Charlie becomes violent towards Alan or anyone who mentions his deceased family. Now Alan is trying to help Charlie and try to make his life a little easier for himself. But Alan finds out that Charlie is talking about his true feelings, is harder than expected. Written and directed by Mike Bender (Blankman, Indian Summer, The Upside of Anger) made a wonderfully touching human drama, featuring moments of sadness, truth and comedy. Sandler offers an impressive dramatic performance that Sandler offers more in his dramatic role than he did at Paul Thomas Anderson's Punch-Drunk Love. Cheadle is excellent as usual. Pinkett Smith is fine as Alan's supportive wife, Liv Tyler is also good as the young psychiatrist and Saffron Burrows are quite good as the beautiful odd lonely woman who has a wild crush on Alan. Unfortunately, this movie was a box office disappointment, despite having some good reviews. The cast is first class here, writer and instructor is wonderful and Russ T. Alsobrook's amazing Widescreen Cinematography. The movie has great NYC sites, which the film makes New York a beautiful city to look at in the picture. <br /> <br /> DVD has a sharp anamorphic widescreen (2.35: 1) transfer and a good Dolby Digital 5.1 Surround sound. DVD also a jam session with Sandler & Cheadle, a featurette, photo montage and previews. I expected more for the DVD features as an audio commentary at the director and deleted scenes. "Rule over me" is definitely one of the best movies that came out this year. I'm sure this movie looked great on the big screen. As unfortunately, I have not had the opportunity to see it in a theater. But it's also the kind of movie that plays well on DVD. The movie also has a good soundtrack and it has lots of familiar faces that support roles and bit parts. Even the director has a bit like Byran Sugarman, an actor himself. "Rule over me" is one of the most underrated pictures this year. It's also the best Sandler movie in my taste since "The Wedding Singer". Do not miss it. HD Widescreen. (**** 1/2 out of *****).
