Most people who go to this movie will have an idea of ​​what it is about; A man loses his entire family and even his dog in a flight from Boston the fateful morning of September 11, 2001. What you probably do not know before watching this movie is this: How it would feel; What are you doing about it; And how would that affect you and the way you relate to each waking day? The story unfolds painfully slowly from the gate and then warms nicely as it gets a little speed, while the newly renewed relationship between dentist Alan Johnson (Don Cheadle) and former college roommate Charlie Fineman (Adam Sandler) solidifies and begins to form. Characters appear in this movie, whose presence initially seems mandatory and not well-developed, but in fact remains with this story, and you find that the simplicity of each character is what makes this story credible - and accurate. Real people are in a real situation, whereby they can do little, but stand aside while one among them dissolves. The pain inside Charlie's soul is clearly evident from the first introduction and grows as we learn more about his character? Brillant revealed by Sandler, as layers of an onion ?? one layer at a time with ease and weight combined. It's so subtle a performance that he sneaks up on you and enters your head as you see him on the screen. Cheadle's Alan Johnson is as subtle and very Don Cheadle. Always watchable, the ease that is evident when Cheadle on the screen speaks to his accomplished action skills. Alan's relationship with Charlie Fineman is delicate in texture, as would the situation. Fineman does not want friendship, nor anyone who penetrates his monastic life, and yet the passionate quality that Alan owns is simple and honest enough to intrigue himself a recluse like Charlie. It is Alan who is tasked with opening Charlie's gently sealed life. There is inherent danger in the process. The more Alan nudges Charlie to open up, goes as far as engaging with friend and psychologist Angela Oakhurst (Liv Tyler) the closer the danger of pushing Charlie over the edge. It's an abyss that Charlie teeters at every waking moment and one he has learned to navigate through pure dint of denial. He has denied anything that previously existed for him to exist with his loss. Unfortunately, his grief is one thing he cannot deny. Sandler pulls so deeply into the pain of his character during the evolution of history that when he meets his demons with his head, the viewer shares his pain almost the same. Alan is standing next to Charlie throughout this demanding process at risk of solving his own perfect home life - driving with admirable grace and efficiency of wife Janeane. (Jada Pinkett Smith) As he reckons Charlie's recovery, Alan sees inward and recognizes his own silent screams at the death of the independence he once owned and the boy he has lost to become a man. His reward for helping Charlie help him reconnect with what he has lost. The theme is much like The Fisher King; Another story about a man who isolates himself from the guilt of mourning and grief. Like The Fisher King, the story concludes with the traditional one that is a theme for everyone. Regarding me Lidia Sinclair (played by the wonderful Amanda Plummer in Fisher King), Donna Remar (Saffron Burrows) is a woman on the verge of degradation and sketchy patient of Johnson, who turns out to be just unstable enough to complement Charlie's grænsevandhed. It is a good ending to the story, but one element is probably likely to ring true. Then again, maybe there is really someone for everyone. Devorah Macdonald Vancouver, BC
