What we have here is a situation. A man is found in distress and people will help him - in conflicting ways. Eventually, they have to let it go. You can't correct people. And although in various respects it's Regent over me, it's usually Hollywood. This message is not. <br /> <br /> This story is not about Charlie Fineman (Adam Sandler), a man who lost his wife and three daughters in a 9/11 plane who has gone into an almost psychotic state of the PTSS side. It's about meeting Charlie's with Alan Johnson (Don Cheadle), a dentist in New York who was his roommate in the dental school and knew about his tragedy, stumbling on the street, and re-engaging. Charlie is driving a small toy motorized scooter - a pretty imaginative ban on negotiating Manhattan traffic - with big headphones on over a lot of uncut hair. The hair is Sandler's main plug to show that he is scared. And the use of music as an escape must come home to all the iPod wielding metro rider. <br /> <br /> Charlie is a disaster, but paradoxically, Alan, stuck with a controlling wife (Jada Pinkett Smith), soon envy him. Charlie lives as a nutty teenage girl with a big trust fund (the insurance money from the tragedy) and begins to pull Alan out to "hang out", "eat Chinese", buy records or see a Mel Brooks marathon on a rope house. Charlie lives in a lovely big apartment, protected by a mediocre hostess, switches the kitchen over and over, gathers old vinyl from Springsteen, Who, etc. and plays a video game called Shadow of the Collosus on a big screen in a large empty living room . Charlie's in-laws are deeply concerned about him, but also somehow angry, as we learn later. Alan has a new patient who suggests him. Charlie's desperation makes us see Alans. Trying to help Charlie allow Alan to escape from his own swelling realities, but he is paying more attention to them. <br /> <br /> Cheadle and Sandler make a weird couple, but that doesn't matter because it's convincing that they might both need each other. Charlie is desperate for the friendship of friendship, who never knew her family, to escape her loss, he pretends he never had one. And then what if roommate Charlie slept naked and slept and had terrible musical taste (no Motown)? Alan wants an escape from his tidy, emasculating life. He is under his thumb not only for his wife, but for his dental partners, who masters it over him, even though he is the one who put the practice. They are white by the way and he is black. There is also the mighty patient from hell who seriously disturbs things in the dental clinics, but begins to look different when Charlie comes by and notices that she is a babe. His libido seems to be lurking ready to revive in every moment. He is also drawn to the breasts of Liv Tyler, a psychotherapist in the same building as the dentists, who start trying to treat Charlie when he admits he might need help. <br /> <br /> Sandler's crazy scenes are a bit too theatrical, like a lot of the plot units (actually this movie feels like a game of more than one point), but he has several monologues where he expresses his grief ways that are deeply touching. <br /> <br /> Charlie not only misleading and sad, but dangerous and violent, and all these efforts to help him get started again. The film is admirable in the way it conveys that people cannot be made right. This is an interesting movie - sometimes a touching one - and this is the first time 9/11 has been treated with regard to surviving suffering. But there is an element of comedy that seems tasteful at times, many of the peoples are too broadly drawn, and the overly large Hollywood interiors have terrible decor; only the Manhattan streets look real. There is a juristic scene that is confusing, and Donald Sutherland is a judge who is too good to be true. Alan's family problem is solved too easily with a phone call. And yet it's worth looking at the play - Cheadle's control and subtleties, and Sandler in a serious role, almost as good as the one he had in P.T. Anderson's 2002 Punch-Drunk Love, though clearly a better movie, actually a lot better.
