I didn't really go into "Reign Over Me" and knew exactly what to expect from either the director or the story. The reason was easy enough to understand, I assume. This guy's whole family died in 9/11 and he closes the world out of his life. Alright. I did not know if it would use the attachment of terrorism as a platform to talk about it or other issues related to it, and it really is not at a very obvious level, so if you are afraid of being surrounded by political opinions that may differ from yours, I would not worry about it. I think the writing even made a point, never to explicitly mention "September the 11th". <br /> <br /> Overall, I was impressed. It was a very moving picture. The film has a sense of humor, and it is very sharp, but it is certainly a drama where it counts. I don't typically like to think that comic actors aren't able to actually act, but sometimes, let's be honest, they are. Adam Sandler is certainly capable of doing so (and although I think you can disagree, Jim Carrey is also very rounded .. sometimes). Sandler's portrayal of Charlie Fineman took a sign that seems totally unreal on the surface and makes it completely credible. I read many reviews that criticized Alan Johnson's writing (Don Cheadle in another excellent role, if not one that looks like a couple of his recent photos) wife played by Jada Pinkett Smith, calls her static and boring, but it is totally untrue. She has depth, but some of it is hidden behind the main story, which in some cases kills in and out of focus. (Which also remembers some very unusual transitions made early in the film, with a weird "Do everything out of focus" fadeout. After the first 40 minutes they are not used anymore. Perhaps it is important for the characters' views, artistic or perhaps They just understood how annoying it was.) The movie gradually begins to reveal to us the point (one of several, but definitely the most explicit) of the story, which is that sometimes people have to deal with grief in their own way . Perhaps it seems unorthodox to us, it might even seem unhealthy, but perhaps what some people want more than anything is just to forget. To exist. The movie's soundtrack was excellent and it used music to pursue and reinforce moods, rather than establishing them, giving creditors and writers. <br /> <br /> The movie takes that name from the song "Love, Reign O'er Me", off of The Who's rock opera, Quadrophenia. The song itself is quite insignificant for the current story, but it is heavily used in the film during the climax and ultimately. The film is paced well, and it doesn't feel like it is pulling anywhere in the length, which is just over 2 hours. If you can accept Adam Sandler's portrayal of this deep-hearted and broken man, you will enjoy the movie. You will be rooted in history and you will really feel for the characters in every minute of it. It's not the best movie of the year, and there's no groundbreaking or positive astonishing in it, but it's a very entertaining, tough movie, all in all.
