On September 11, 2001, millions were killed; But 2,819 lives ended in a particularly cruel way. They were the victims of a plane hijacking by extremists whose only mission was to destroy buildings, but more importantly, humans. This film takes a profound look at four people whose lives were shortened by this catastrophic event and a man whose life was destroyed by the loss of their lives. Charlie Fineman (played by Adam Sandler), a former dentist living in New York, loses his wife and three children on September 11 when they were on their way to Los Angeles. Emotionally wiped out by events, he eventually loses contact with everyone who reminds him of his past life; including his father-in-law and his best friend (played by Robert Klein, Melinda Dillon and Mike Bender respectively). He goes in complete denial and does his best to forget his past life. This continues until he enters his old college, friend Alan Johnson (played by Don Cheadle), as Fineman does not seem to remember. The two are beginning to catch up, but Fineman thinks Johnson was sent by people from his past life to persuade him to find help. Slowly, but surely, Fineman finds his confidence in Johnson. <br /> <br /> Whilst all this happens, Alan Johnson's life goes the wrong way. He is a self-employed (dentist) who helps start a dental care. One day, a patient of his named Donna Remar (played by Saffron Burrows) tries to draw on him and tells him she wants to do oral sex for him. This is an unwelcome surprise for Dr. Johnson, when he is a married man with two children. When he comes home from work on a particular working day, he sees his old friend (Fineman) and tries to flag him down. He fails, but he gets another opportunity and persuades Fineman to have a coffee with him to catch up, despite Fineman not knowing who he is. <br /> <br /> One of the most interesting things about this movie is its use of music as a motif. One of Fineman's physiological crutches is music, especially Springsteen and other classic rock artists. When Fineman is asked to open up his past or talk about things he finds uncomfortable, he puts on the earphones and drowns the world with things, his music. <br /> <br /> When the movie was over, I was thinking: how would I manage to lose my family? How do I deal with such tragic events? It's something we don't think about too often. We always believe that they will be there and we often take them for granted if we intend to or not. We usually understand how important they are when it is too late; And a blow like it can destroy anyone physically, emotionally, and physiologically. I really don't know how to handle something like that. Would I face the head of the problem, manage myself and continue my life, or would I just put my headphones on and block the world?
