As a person who has never condemned Adam Sandler for talent as it has been done for him and many comic actors like him, I went in to rule over me and expected a great movie, not just because of his presence in the movie, but because I thought it looked good in general. Even someone who already thought Sandler could deliver an effective dramatic performance, writes here that I was surprised at how amazing he is in it. He will make you cry, especially in his purposeful and unexpected monologue. What is great about his role is that it is a sign it is difficult to say we have seen before. We have seen many emotionally rich characters, many mentally delayed people, many loners, many passionate self-centered artists, but Sandler's Charlie Fineman is not one of them. He may have a taste of each of them in some ways, but his character is truly unpredictable and completely individual. It is a pleasure for the audience to be attracted to him emotionally and be broken by anyone whose problems, thinking and provocations are quite different from most characters like him. <br /> <br /> Don Cheadle delivers an interesting level of performance at a completely different level. He's every man. He is the most normal possible person in the world, so much so that you will hardly find many characters like his, or at least someone who is playing as he plays Alan Johnson, whose name even exists on the assembly line. Cheadle is brilliant because he is fun, jolting, smart and stupid as many normal people are. The rest of the cast is populated by actors and actresses who have hardly done anything for a while in smaller but rather colorful roles. Jada Pinkett-Smith is the overly refined upper middle class wife, Donald Sutherland is the impatient but surprising judge, Robert Klein is Sandler's desensitized father-in-law. <br /> <br /> Mike Binder's script is quite brilliant because it says something deeply about the wonders of communication in all its clouds. It's much more subtle than, says Babel, and has a lot more close to home ideal. <br /> <br /> The camera is only interested in the reality of its images as opposed to the mere style. This movie struck me as a sort of reversal to the 1970s in the kitchen sink. Cinematography was grainy and attached, but it was its charm. It was not about attracting us to the camera itself and the brilliance that would have diluted its stories with it. The music, which plays a major role in the movie and its title, is very powerful. In the beginning you feel like you're in another Om Schmidt or Little Miss Sunshine kind of soundtrack, but you soon realize you're in more than that. In fact, the movie is packed with lots of music that stimulates many of the most emotional scenes. <br /> <br /> Reign Over Me is an important statement not only for society but also for movies itself. It turns out that even the director of Blankman is capable of wonders.
