At times, it seems that comic actors in Hollywood surprise me with their talents as dramatic artists. First, it was Robin Williams ('One Hour Photo (2002)'), so it was Jim Carrey {'Eternal Sunshine ?? (2004) 'as an example}, then Will Ferrell {' Stranger than Fiction (2006) '} and now Adam Sandler. Yes, it is quite right: the guy who has built a whole career of making brainless, goofball comedies {I'm not complaining; I've always been a fan I've finally given me a performance that he can be proud of. Of course, some readers may wonder what happened to 'Punch-Drunk Love (2002)', but I can only assure you that it is a movie that I am currently taking action to see as soon as possible when I've heard it's amazing. My first film by director Mike Binder, 'Reign Over Me', is an intelligent and respectful exploration of grief and friendship. Although it sometimes falls into too well known territory, the somewhat predictable story shows surprisingly deep and moving. Sandler and Don Cheadle provide memorable performances. <br /> <br /> Alan Johnson (Cheadle) is a successful dentist with a good family, although he cannot communicate adequately with his wife (jada pinkett smith) and his marriage is a bit shaky. Charlie Fineman (Adam Sandler) is Alan's former roommate, a man who lost the whole family in the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks, and still confronts his overwhelming feelings of grief. A disheveled figure with messy hair and shriveled eyes {often looked like Bob Dylan}, Charlie has abandoned his dental careers and spends his time in solitude: listening to music with headphones that cut out all the sounds of the outside world, running Manhattan in his motorized scooter, immersing himself in amazing video games and repeatedly renovating his apartment kitchen according to his late wife's last wishes. When Alan and Charlie meet for the first time this year, the latter does not even recognize an old friend as he has completely left some memories before his lifelong experience. First, he does not even recognize his family, and he suddenly loses his temper when someone suggests he is seeking advice. In the beginning, it may seem a bit useful for the filmmakers to be using the attacks of September 11 as a storytelling unit. Afterall, would it not be as devastating if Charlie's family had died in a common everyday car accident? But if you consider the director's intention to demonstrate the tremendous pain that tragedy causes for ordinary citizens, 'Reign Over Me' does a very good job. It is easy to get so caught up in meaningless statistics that you neglect the emotional cost of the terrorist attack; This is the first 9/11 oriented movie I have seen that really treated the suffering of those who were not even involved whose only anxiety was caused by losing those they loved. Adam Sandler shows surprising reach in a difficult role, one that would have crumbled if he had not been up to the task. Charlie Fineman instantly strikes cheerfulness, anger and depression. He is a man whom we can deeply sympathize with, a hollow soul, who, thanks to an old friend's accompanying end, can finally see the light at the end of a dark, gloomy tunnel.
