There may be spoilers! <br /> <br /> Charlie Fineman (Adam Sandler), who lost his family in a tragedy (the September 11 terrorist attacks), is still talking about their deaths. He runs into his former college roommate, Alan Johnson (Don Cheadle), and the two revive their friendship. Alan promises to help his old friend understand the terrible loss. This is a simplification of the basic story of reign over me. <br /> <br /> However, this film is a story of how destiny interferes with our lives when we ourselves can be powerless, do something about our own states. Alan is stuck in a life he knows no longer meets. He feels friendly and in touch with his own reality. He is unable to communicate with his wife and his employees at work. He cannot express his feelings and consequently feel lost and distant from his own world. He chances for Charlie on Manhattan's streets as he drives from his job. Eventually, he meets and discovers that Charlie (who initially does not remember Alan) lives in his own false reality. Charlie has gone back to some time in his life when he had no family. He lives as though he was still a student playing in a rock band, collecting vinyl records from the 60s and 70s bands and playing video games. He has escaped a better and safer time in his life where there are no evil guys and he has much less to lose. Everyone in this movie is somehow affected by the tragedy that has affected Charlie and his remission to a formerly different and better (?) Place. His landlady is his protector and great enabler. His in-laws are pulled from his life because they would take him back to reality that his family is now away from his life. And Alan is most affected by him, because Alan (firstly, a selfish desire to escape his own reality) will be with Charlie as a means of withdrawing from his own stifled reality, and then he will find a way to Help Charlie start recovering from her self-induced guilt and denial of loss. It is through this fact that Charlie can not only begin to heal herself, but Alan actually learns to communicate and put his true desires with his fellow men at work, and finally can admit his wife that he has not been able to communicate his real feelings for her, but he will strongly because he loves her. It's actually an exciting moment in the movie when things have hit the tab, and Charlie is confronted with the reality of being beaten away, that he and Alan talk about the situation together over "Chinese" that Charlie says he's in fact worried about Alan and not himself. <br /> <br /> This movie, if you let it, will take you through a flood of emotions and let you think. It will make you laugh how Charlie uses her words that people really do in everyday life to make a comical statement about a real situation. It will leave you on the brink of tears (in my case, real tears) when Charlie confronts her grief and begins to address his huge losses. And in fact, the tragic reality is his fault and the loss has never really left him, and he treated it in the only way he knew: denial. It will curse you in the cold, thought-provoking action of a young prosecutor trying to win his "case" (which I actually did at Charlie's hearing!) And it will make you smile because of an old and wise strict judge, (Donald Sutherland, great for his brief role and giving the best wisdom in a professional lawyer when Wilford Brimley played an assistant attorney in the absence of malice.) <br /> <br /> This movie was also amazing for me for some other reason: (1) I have never seen my watch once during the movie's show. Which means it had me from the beginning to the end, (2) Although the casting was interracial, this fact was not important for playing out the roles of the characters in the movie. Race was a non-factor in performing roles in this movie. Amazing people can actually interact with out this fact being brought out! and (3) the only real reference to 9/11 is when Charlie's financial lawyer refers to the tragedy of Charlie's loss as "what Charlie had been at 9/12". Time will be the true test of how this movie will stand out in the future, but if the purpose of a movie is not just to entertain but to get one to think and make that movie stay with you, long after you leave the theater, you must reign over me succeeded phenomenally to me. I have not yet forgotten this wonderful thought-provoking movie and I will wait impatiently for the day I can buy it as a DVD.
