Reign Over Me is a success because of the powerful work of Adam Sandler and Don Cheadle. While dramatic actors have been seen as something of a distraction, Sandler is no stranger to playing more serious roles. Most of the characters he portrays have an unstable temperament and a vulnerability that can jump at any time. He may even be typecast for signs with such hidden anger issues. However, this performance has some significant dramatic weight, as opposed to his roles in minor comedic fare such as Punch-Drunk Love and Spanglish. <br /> <br /> In the film Alan Johnson (Cheadle) runs into his old college roommate Charlie Finerman (Sandler), whom he hasn't seen for years. Five years earlier, Charlie suffered the overwhelming loss of his wife and three daughters in a plane crash. Charlie hardly recognizes Cheadle's character because of the repression of his memories and thus a prone childlike lifestyle since the accident. It is only before Alan continues to engage him in conversation that Charlie remembers who he is. Their renewed relationship that follows will allow Finerman to have a friend who does not talk about his loss, so he can finally confront the thoughts and feelings he has suppressed on his own terms. <br /> <br /> Although writer director Mike Binder does not show much sense of an individual style and some of his shots and transitions are a bit awkward, he has the ability to become decent at great performances from his actors while He is a talented and fun writer. He shot this movie with a digital camera that more and more filmmakers are doing today, allowing the crew to shoot night scenes with limited lighting. This focused on the colorful backgrounds of New York City, but resulted in frequent digital grain resembling the blue spots scattered and moving on the screen. Almost all the main characters in Reign Over Me provide a great performance. Jada-Pinkett Smith and especially Liv Tyler are memorable in their respective roles as a frustrated wife of Cheadle's character and a psychiatrist. However, it is Sandler and Cheadle who give some of their best work to date. They totally owned this movie. Sandler actually plays a character that does not look or work like himself, partially credited to his Bob Dylan-esquire wig. Although Cheadle's character has more screen time than Sandler, they must both be regarded as leading roles, as they also support and assist each other throughout the movie. Music also plays a major role in this movie, especially the title song "Reign Over Me" or "Love, Reign O'er Me" by The Who, and later covered by Pearl Jam. In one of the most powerful moments in the film, Binder shows Sandler using music to close his feelings and memories, but this particular song evokes such intense feelings that, rather than diminishing his anger, spur his emotions. All in all, Reign Over Me is an enjoyable, sad, yet many times fun movie, driven by its amazing leading performances.
