Love Hurts. I think that's the main message Mike Binder's latest movie, Reign Over Me, brings over. Whether that love has caused your relationship to become stagnant or has brought anger from the one you love to cheat for years, or have broken your heart to the point that you couldn't open yourself to the world, love hurts. The big thing about this movie, however, is not in its depiction of these lost souls trying to let their former heartbeat go, but in the event of re-launching new bonds for the future. No one in this drama is perfect; They are all, to some extent, trapped emotionally in relationships that they cannot free themselves from alone. There is some heavy subject matter here, and I credit Binder for never making the story a political diatribe, but instead infusing the serious moments with some really nice comic bits that allow the story to remain character-based and small in relation to it epic event that arouses overhead. What could have been a thin vehicle for opinions on how the 9-11 did us all ends up being a story of two men, and a connection they share is the only thing that can save their lives from a life of depression and regret. This is a new career performance for Adam Sandler. I like to think that my favorite director Paul Thomas Anderson was the first to see the infantile, upset anger in his stupid comedies as something to use dramatically. The juvenile of a character like Billy Madison allows for grin and potty humor, but can also be used to show a repressed man, shy and shutout to the world around him. A man without confidence that requires an event of compassion to break him from his shell. Anderson let Sandler do so in his masterpiece Punch-Drunk Love and Mike Binder taking it a step further. Sandler plays former dentist Charlie Fineman, whose wife and three children were killed in one of the aircraft that ended the World Trade Center at. 9-11. One moment, every life he had crushed, and as a result, he was reclusive and began to believe he couldn't remember anything that happened before that day. He really delivers a moving portrait of a man trying to keep charade in his head while those around him, those who love him, try to open him up to the reality of what happened and what the future holds. Always on the edge and ready to snap at any time when mentioning something to spark the memory of his fatal family, he goes through life with his iPod and headphones and closes everything so as not to be tempted to remember. <br /> <br /> Reign Over Me is not about Charlie Fineman even though it is about dentist and family man Alan Johnson. A man who has caught up in a marriage and dental care, both of whom have stagnated in monotony, Johnson needs so much help in his life as his old college roommate Charlie does. Perfectly played by the always brilliant Don Cheadle, Johnson has lost his backbone to try to change his life. He has no friends, and when he sees Charlie randomly one day, his life develops into something he has not felt for 15 years. He enjoys the chance to go out with an old friend, no matter how much he has changed from his family's death. Cheadle's character wants to return to college the days of hanging out and Sandlers doesn't mind because everything was before he met his wife. The two men get what they want and allow themselves to grow close despite the lonely years that used to control their lives. When they begin to open up, it is inevitable that the subject of tragedy will creep up and test the facade they have created for themselves. <br /> <br /> The support cast makes a fantastic job that helps keep track of the performances of two leads. Jada Pinkett Smith has never been an actress who impressed me and throughout the movie it played hard as nail wife nicely, but it's her last scene on the phone with Cheadle that really showed me something else and true. Liv Tyler is a bit of her element as a psychiatrist, but the film calls her this fact and makes miscasting, perfect casting. The many small comos are also effective, even the author / instructor Mike Binder's role as Sandler's old best friend and accountant. (My only gripe is why he feels he has to put his name in the opening credits as an actor when it's everywhere, considering it's his movie). Last but not least, are the beautiful Saffron Burrows. She is a great actress and plays the affectionate divorce that tries to put her life back together wonderfully. A role that first looks like comic relief, but ends up being an integral aspect of what is to come. <br /> <br /> Binder has made one of the best dramatic character studies I've seen for a long time. The direction is almost flawless (the blur between cuts and signs in the foreground / background annoyed me at the beginning), the amazing spectacle, and the story is true to itself, and never takes the easy way out or wraps with a neatly bound bend at the end . Even the music was amazing and used to improve, not to lead us emotionally (why after two great uses of the titular song of The Who made Binder feel the need to use the inferior Eddie Veddar remake to the end, I do not know, but unfortunately it was next to me). Government over me is a film of love, and although it can cause the worst pain that can be imagined, it can also save us from regret and allow us to see the world again as a place of beauty and hope.
