This film was screened last night at Austin's Paramount Theater as part of the SXSW Film Festival. We were graced with the presence of director Mike Binder and stars Adam Sandler and Don Cheadle, who took audience questions for the movie. It's a remarkable and powerful movie about how to lose yourself and start finding your way back. The performances are phenomenal and the story manages to be both tragic and fun in a way that is far too rare. (The adherent to the film is trying too hard to emphasize the comic aspects.) <br /> <br /> This is a breakout role for Adam Sandler. While starting to turn into more dramatic roles with Punch-Drunk Love and Spanglish, this role is an important advance for him as a dramatic actor. He deserves an Oscar nomination as he continues to turn to more dramatic roles that Tom Hanks did, and Jim Carrey does as well. In this role, he seemed to try to channel Dustin Hoffman into Rain Man. While playing an autistic man, it is certainly very different from Sandler's traumatized character, both characters being trapped in their own world of childish isolation and confusion for various reasons. Don Cheadle's performance is less surprising, but just as good. After Hotel Rwanda and Crash, we have come to expect outstandingly sophisticated performances from Cheadle. He has the sincere and honest qualities that come through in this role. But also he is also broken and struggling if not in the depths of Sandler's character. Cheadle struggles with difficulties in both his marriage and in his professional life as a dentist. Together, the characters Cheadle and Sandler play fight to heal each other in the way true friends often do (in a way that reminds me of Matt Damon and Robin Williams in Good Will Hunting). They both seek for that part of themselves that they have lost and are trying to find again. <br /> <br /> Reign over Me is one of the best big studio movies to be released this year. The soundtrack, which is almost another character in the plot, is wonderful. The movie on the streets of New York - a city that has suffered a huge tragedy and also had to cure itself - is also pretty beautiful. Supporting roles of Jada Pinkett Smith, Liv Tyler, Saffron Burrows (in a very strange role), Donald Sutherland and Mike Binder themselves are all quite good. <br /> <br /> Writer / Director Mike Binder has really delivered a story that so many will be able to connect with at many levels. This is a story of grief, family, healing, crew, mental health and the importance of love. Rule over me does not disappoint. The film is almost hypnotic as it draws you into the lives of its people. Hollywood would have a much better reputation if it made more character-driven charming movies like Reign over Me.
