Everyone is probably familiar with this most famous story ?? A heartless businessman is visited by his dead party's ghost on Christmas Eve and warned that if he continues in his eerie ways, he will be sentenced to a life in chains. So he can avoid the fate of his partner, he is visited by three spirits that show him visions of past, present, and yet-to-come Christians, so he will hopefully see his road error before it's too late. A pretty morbid tale you might think, but it's classic Charles Dickens, and also one of the most famous and popular Christmas stories all the time. <br /> <br /> For me, it's the final version of Dickens timeless story; That's what I always remember seeing in school, and I remember being terrified of it! Jacob Marley's ghost, the final scene with the ghost in Christmas gift under the bridge, and the ghost of Christmas that had yet to come, I found especially scary. Where in the world did the film get the 'U' certificate? (For non-British readers U is the lowest rating it means family-friendly and children welcome, nothing to scare them, etc. This is certainly not the case as some smaller children will undoubtedly find the last segment positively scary with the ugly reaper-like ghost of Christmas's future. <br /> <br /> Be it as possible from the many versions of this classic story I've seen adapted to movies, this may be the most faithful for the book. Mostly included is a segment that rarely seen in movie adaptations of the original text - that of the ghost in Christmas gift, showing Scrooge the two children who are hidden under his dress (you will never get away with a scene like that today!). children represent ignorance and needs (even if they have changed to want in this movie. Criticism for me, however, becomes clear to have seen it again with more objective and educated eyes, the most important of which is that George C. Scott's depiction of Scrooge simply does not seem cold He laughs too much. I don't want to use the word jolly because Ebeneezer is of course something, but he seems to be just a grumpy old man, rather than the positively scary, cold and scary man he is in the book and other movies. Patrick Stewart portrayed him brilliantly in one of the latest versions filmed, and Michael Caine was, despite acting beside the Muppets, positively cold. Furthermore, the development of the character during the film, as he learns more about the error in his ways and grows toward redemption, is convincing and inconsistent. He seems to have changed a little when he reaches the third spirit's last lesson. <br /> <br /> However, ignoring this (albeit large) quibble is still a spellbinding and ultimately warming of the Christmas adventure that every Christmas movie should be. London obviously looks like the perfect picturesque quaint snowy English town that many Americans probably imagine it is still (the truth is that even then London was gray and ugly and some snow would never have been so white!) And everyone is so impeccably dressed, even the poor look a bit dapper. But of course it's a Christmas movie, so why shouldn't everything look good? Perfect holiday season view; combined with copies of It's a Wonderful Life, Miracle on 34th Street and The Snowman, and you have everything you need.
