This modern film noir with its off beat humor and dizzying sequence of plot twists delivers a story full of surprises, dangerous characters and excellent entertainment from start to finish. It is impossible not to empathize with the honest, modest wholly or to be grasped by the ways in which he tries to navigate his way out of the awful problems he finds himself in so that all you can do is attach your seat belt and enjoy it ride. <br /> <br /> The story of an ordinary guy making a bad decision, and then finding that the consequences evoke him to an uncontrollable sequence of events that he is unable to rid himself of is pure film noir. The same applies to the themes of murder, fraud, corruption and duplication, which are transparent throughout. Many of the well-known noir-visual motifs are also present, such as how cigarette smoke turns on, rain-soaked roads at night, the heavily shaded interiors and the shadow lines (created by louvred doors) across people's faces. /> <br /> Michael Williams (Nicolas Cage), a wounded war veteran with no money or a job, stops at a bar in Red Rock, Wyoming and fails by the proprietor Wayne Brown (JT Walsh) for a hitman who he is set up to hire to murder his wife Suzanne (Lara Flynn Boyle). Michael, a naturally reticent person, does nothing to disturb Wayne from his misunderstanding, especially since he could use a job and first does not know what he is expected to do. Having been told what his mission is and getting a $ 5,000 advance, he goes to see Suzanne and warns her about Wayne's plan. She doesn't seem overly concerned about the dangers she is in, and offers Michael twice the fee Wayne had offered to remove his husband. Michael decides to take the money he had received from both parties and leave the city. However, his plan fails when he accidentally enters a man standing in the middle of the road and decides to take him to the hospital for treatment for his injuries. In the hospital, things become more complicated when it appears that the patient is Suzanne's lover and he has two bullets in his stomach. This causes the local law enforcement agencies to become involved and the revelation that Wayne is the Sheriff !! From this point on, things become even more complicated and also more dangerous, especially when the real hitman, Lyle from Dallas (Dennis Hopper) comes on stage. "Red Rock West" has some great moments of excitement (an example of this is the scene where Michael makes his escape from Wayne's bar) and also some amazing performances from his very strong cast. Nicolas Cage's expression is extremely natural and convincing, as he reacts to a variety of situations of anxiety, surprise or uncertainty, and J T Walsh is also particularly good as a fraudulent character who always hides more than he actually says. Dennis Hopper is very threatening as the vicious contract killer (a role he plays with great joy) and Lara Flynn Boyle looks appropriately cold and calculates as femme fatale. Dwight Yoakam also provides good support and humorous moments in his cameo role as a nonsense car driver. <br /> <br /> Incredibly, "Red Rock West" was originally intended to be denied a general cinema release, but has rightly emerged from its modest beginnings to ultimately be recognized as the great movie it really is.
