What we have here is a marvelous good ninety-one thriller that, although lacking in content, still provides good entertainment all the time and generally does everything you might want a movie of this kind to do. I watched this movie primarily because it was directed by John Dahl - a heavily underrated director of major thrillers such as The Last Seduction, Rounders and Roadkill. I figured that if this movie was up to standard for what I've already seen from the director, it would be worth seeing - and Red Rock West is definitely a movie that Dahl can be proud of. The foundation focuses on the all too moral Michael; a man who travels across America seeks work. He ends up finding it one day when he stumbled upon a bar in Red Rock County - only catch is that the job is to murder a man's wife. He has been wrong for a killer named Lyle, but instead of doing the job; He plays both sides against each other and plans to make an escape. But his attempt to escape is unsuccessful and he finds himself in a bad situation when the real Lyle pops up ... <br /> <br /> John Dahl seems to enjoy putting thrillers on the road; He did it three years earlier with Kill Me Again, and again nearly a decade on this movie with Roadkill. It is not difficult to see why Dahl chooses this kind of location, as it gives a great mood for a thriller like this. Dahl also gives his film a "film noir" as atmosphere, as the plot focuses primarily on the central character and the word he is thrown in, is full of dark and mysterious characters. The plot is pretty good, with Nicholas Cage doing an excellent job in the lead and getting A-class support from Lara Flynn Boyle, J.T. Walsh and of course Dennis Hopper; Again, the screen commands his best results. It must be said that the second half of the film is not as poignant as the first, but Red Rock West is certainly never boring, and the way Dahl orchestrates the final is excellent because all the key characters become a part of it. Overall, Red Rock West is a movie that you are unlikely to regret. It's exciting all the way through and you can't ask for much more than that!
