West London's television and film production company Ealing Studios claims to be the oldest movie studio in the world. While filming and television shows have been consistent since the 1930s, its golden age was certainly between 1948 and 1955, when it produced a series of comedy masterpieces, many starring the great Alec Guinness. Such well-known titles include 'Whiskey Galore! (1949), 'Passport to Pimlico (1949)' 'Kind Hearts and Coronets (1949)', 'The Lavender Hill Mob (1951)' 'Titfield Thunderbolt (1953)' and 'Ladykillers' (1955). 'One of Ealing Studios' most beloved films, The Man in the White Suit, was released in 1951 and star Alec Guiness as Sidney Stratton, a brilliant inventor who constructs a remarkable substance, an invention that unexpectedly makes him more enemies than friends . <br /> <br /> Sidney Stratton is poor and undecided, but he has scientific abundance in abundance. Because of his under-qualification, the only jobs he can get are as a guardian or working on any of the large textile factories, where he secretly commits to his own experiments using the company's own money and equipment. Having been found out and excluded numerous times, Sidney is convinced that he is only a few weeks away from an important scientific discovery that will revolutionize the textile industry. Encouraged by her daughter Daphne (Joan Greenwood), the textile factory owner Alan Birnley (Cecil Parker) takes a keen interest in Sidney's exploits and agrees to fund further work. After many unsuccessful attempts and very few scary explosions, Sidney finally reveals his amazing creation: an almost luminous white fabric that never gets dirty and never worn out. If Sidney thought his invention would make him a hero, then he was very disappointed. The almighty executives of the textile industry, led by the vulnerable Sir John Kierlaw (Ernest Thesiger), unite to ensure that the revolutionary invention, which can completely degrade their business, never goes into full-scale production. Likewise, the humble workers in the workers' association hear about Sidney's creation and also to erase it from existence and fear for their jobs. However, the inventor is convinced that the perpetual substance will bring many to relief and happiness and refuse to yield to the demand of others despite being threatened by violence and offering ₤ 250,000 in compensation. In all its difficulties in announcing its invention to the media, only one person offers Sidney her complete sympathy and support, Birnley's daughter Daphne, who is engaged to being married to another, yet in love with Sidney's fraud. <br /> "The Man in the White Suit" is a smart and hilarious comedy made from a witty script (written by John Dighton, Roger MacDougall and director Alexander Mackendrick) and a quirky and charismatic performance from an infinite Alec Guinness. There are also a few good-natured swipes on capitalism, and where large industries can keep advancing because of their own monetary situations, although we can certainly see the arguments on both sides of the debate.
