Often labeled as a comedy, The Man In The White Suit is far more than a chuckle here and there. <br /> <br /> Sidney Stratton is an eccentric inventor who does not have the chance to flourish his inventions on the world because no one pays him, notes he is just the odd ball of strange job man about the place it was. After having the blue his way into Birnley's textile factory, he uses their laboratory to reach his goal of perceiving a substance that not only wears out, but also never needs to be cleaned! He is initially proclaiming a genius, and those who ignored him at first will suddenly have a big piece of him, but doomed participants in a bustling industry are the head and recognition quickly to something far more frightening. Yes, the movie is a lot of fun, in fact some scenes are pond fun, but it's the satirical edge to the movie that lifts it far beyond the ordinary for me. The contradictions about the emergence of technology are a crucial theme here, will we have inventions that save us fortunes while closing industries? You only need to see what happened to the UK coal industry to know what I am aware of. The decade that the film was made is a crucial point to note that the production of nuclear weapons became more than just hearsay, science went on to scary new proportions. You look at this movie and see the rapid turn of events to the protagonist Stanley, from hero to enemy in a foul battle, a victim of his own quest for better humanity! It's so dark that the movie is called The Man In The Black Suit. <br /> <br /> I can honestly not find anything wrong in this movie, the script from Roger MacDougall, John Dighton, and director Alex Mackendrick could be filmed today and it would not be out of the way as is the sharpness and thought about the mind it has. The sound and setting is huge, the direction is seamless, with the tone change handled by Mackendrick. Some of the scenes are just wonderful, especially features on the heartbeat and bring one to think of a particular scene in David Lynch's Elephant Man about 29 years later and yet after such a downturn of events, the film still manages to take a blink as a genius that is Alec Guinness, will close the movie to keep viewers not just over Stanley's future, but also the rest of us in this fast-paced world. <br /> <br /> A timeless masterpiece, thematic and as a work of art, 10/10.
