In my mind, the best of the Ealing comedies and one of my favorite films is all the time. The theme of workers against leadership (with many talks on trade unions and rights) may perhaps be a bit now, as it is no longer a subject that is so much discussed, but it does not stop "White Suit" from being a show stopping classic. <br /> <br /> The reason a man is trying to create a revolutionary new fabric that ends up putting the textile industry in turmoil doesn't sound exciting when it's written down, but the movie retains the essential spark of fantasy mixed with reality that marks it as a true Ealing comedy. The fabric repels dirt and can never wear out! The titular white dress worn by Alec Guinness during the second half becomes the centerpiece of several iconic images and sequences that Guinness can use his indestructible thread to scale a pure wall! The script itself is filled with dry humor - "Is it okay?" "Yes." "Pity." - and characterization is first rate. I am always astonished by the wonderful direction of these films as well. Comedies of later eras would adopt a "point the camera on the actors and let it roll" mentality, but the Ealing movies always tried interesting lighting and angles and innovations. This movie is no exception. <br /> <br /> It is of course the casting that raises the material to dizzying heights. Alec Guinness provides a wonderfully underestimated performance, with eyes conveying wonder, joy and crushing defeat when history demands it. Stratton is a man who is ignorant of everything except his work. Such an ecological character could quickly become boring or annoying, but Guinness makes it impossible for him that the film's final stages create a real sense of urgency when Stratton tries to get on top in a world that wants to bury everything he has ever work Joan Greenwood plays another of her strong female roles and is an absolute delight to watch as usual, which is confused by Cecil Parker and slimy Michael Gough; everyone gets to laugh without trying to. It is comical British understatement at its best. <br /> <br /> "The Man in the White Suit" is 81 minutes of sheer shine, with a large plot, large cast, sparkling white and healthy dollops of cynicism. Absolutely top notch.
