One of the things that make this Ealing comedy so incredibly fun is the clever editing. Shots that would be considered absolutely necessary for most modern comedies are deliberately omitted. (This is what was known as British understatement.) <br /> <br /> Three instances: A comic strip is fought like this. Alec Guiness has invented a new cloth that will destroy the industry. Fifty businessmen invite him to their office to get him to sign a contract that waives his control of the cloth so that production can be suppressed. When he tackles this, Guiness stands up and turns to go to the door. Two men are blocking their way. "Sorry," he says quietly and takes a step forward. The two men move between Guiness and the camera. Cut. A secretary is sitting outside on his desk. There is silence until the sum begins to signal her freak. She picks up her notebook and opens the door to the inner office where a completely noisy Donnybrook is going on and the room is half destroyed. Guiness dashes out of the open door. <br /> <br /> The following example would be unthinkable today. During the research phase of the invention, Guiness establishes a comprehensive chemical apparatus, but instead of converting the experimental fluid into the new cloth, the device explodes. Again and again it explodes. The lab is cleared of all other work. The blasts continue. Ceilings fall down. Windows are blown out. The director of inquiry is sitting at his desk in a small office cluttered with dirt, a bandage on his head. When the door behind him opens, he jumps a foot in the air. "Sit down", he tells his visitor, "there is another guilty at all times." It's incredibly entertaining - and there's no single shot of any explosions. This would be unthinkable now without a fireball and perhaps a building coinciding in slow motion. <br /> <br /> The last example, consisting of a series of fast, relentless cuts, gathered together precisely. Guiness is pursued and is the corner of the lobby of an office building of people who want him to sign the contract. Faced with two men who are intervening with him, supports Guiness with a particular expression. He encounters a pedestal with an iron bust on it. The chest falls backwards and bumps against the wall. There is a shot that lasts about a second of the chest that hits the wall. Another short shot of a metal screen hung over the chest, which was released and dropped. Quickly cut to Guinny's head that rises into the frame. Cut to the two men who stare into the camera, while horrible brass strikes and teasing sounds are heard from the screen. Cut to the Guiness flat on the back. No one today would have cojones NOT showing Guiness being crowned by the shield. <br /> <br /> I will not continue with this. It's a comedy ok but a beautiful bitter under all hilarity. By solving a set of problems, Guiness has created dozens of others. He is against both management and labor, none of which is very advantageous. And of course, the financial consequences have to do with more than cloth. "What about the car running on water with a knife of something in it?" one of the workers asks. "Affected interests", comments another worker, whom Thorstein Veblen nods in his grave. What would happen if our energy problems were solved overnight? If I owned Exxon shares - and I think I do - I would shake the thought. Where would the oil industry be if there was no more need for oil? How much will the police and the FBI be if the crime suddenly disappears? This is a thought-provoking and very entertaining film, excellently directed and edited. The artist's list is endless. Joanne Greenwood with the husky voice. The blithering Cecil Parker. The hissing mummified Ernest Thesiger. <br /> <br /> A prime job all around.
