The man in the white package, which I really wear jacket, takes a weak view of both work and capital. Alec Guinness is a scientific genius - but an eccentric (he never got his university degree because of a ... error in a college laboratory). He manages to push himself into various industrial laboratories in the textile industry. When the movie begins, he is in Michael Gough's company, and Gough tries to impress his wild father-in-law (Cecil Parker) by showing him the ship-shaped company he runs. During lunch with Parker and Parker's daughter (Joan Greenwood), Gough gets a message about some problems about the lab's unexpected big budget problems. He reads the huge expenses (due to Guinness experiments) and chokes on his coffee. Guinness continues to work at Parker's firm and repeats the same tricks he did with Gough - but Parker also discovers it. Greenwood has discovered what Guinness is working on and convinces Parker to continue the experiments (but now legally). The result: Guinness and his assistant have apparently found out how to make an artificial fiber that can constantly change the electronic bonds within its molecular structure so that the fiber remains in good stead for all purposes. Any fabric made from it will never fade, become dirty or wear out - it lasts forever. <br /> <br /> Guinness has the support of a female merchant, but not her boss. He sees Guinness as selling out to the rich. But when he explains them what he's done, they turn to him. If everyone has clothes that last forever, they will not need new clothes! Soon, Parker's second textile tycoons (led by Gough, Ernest Theisinger - in a wonderful performance, and Howard Marion-Crawford) are just as panicky of what might end their business. They seek to suppress the invention. With only Greenwood in his corner (though Parker is sympathetic to him), Guinness tries to get the news of his discovery to the public. <br /> <br /> Finally, Guinness is defeated by science as well as greed. But he ends up with the film seeing the flaw in his calculations, and we guess he can still withdraw his discovery. It's a brilliant comedy. But is the argument for oppression valid? At some point, there are difficulties in manufacturing the fabric (you need to heat the threads to a high temperature to actually allow the ends of the material to be joined. There is nothing to show that the cloth will stretch if the owner becomes fat (or contract if the owner gets thin.) Do we believe that people only want a set of clothes forever? What happened to fashion changes and new styles? And the cloth is only made in the color white (which makes Guinness look like one white knight. We are told that color dyes should be added earlier in the process. Would it not affect the chemical reactions that sustain the fabric structure? Unfortunately, it is not a science paper but a film about the hypocrisy of work and capital in modern industry, As such, it is brilliant, but the issues I mention concern me about the validity of suppressing Guinness's invention
