"Deliverance" is a dead example of what wonderful movies came out of the 70s. While your jaw has fallen under a "Terminator" movie, are you really sacred? I don't think it is because you are there to see which new CGIs have been tightened together - plot doesn't mean. <br /> <br /> So many daily situations can be daunting without any reason because there are so many people involved in everyday life - like a trip to the market ..... or a trip down a dim light street. "Release" is so scary because the innocent acts can become lethal in a heartbeat. Venturing in backwoods is a frolic in fun? Anyone who has this notion does not read the papers, sees the daily news or has not seen any of the other films depicting the gravity of "violating" territories where outsiders are not welcome. It is almost unbelievable that the advance on "Deliverance" did not inform nearly everyone about seeing it was no picnic, and "squeal like a pig" was not part of "Deulling Banjos". <br /> I hate the word "hillbillies" because - as some "users" wrote - covering whole regions of people who are very happy to live the way they know how - without disturbing modern life . Much is made of "inbred" - it is not sexuality that is peculiar to the hindquarters. "Chinatown" should teach us that lesson. But city slickers are extremely stupid to get into a closed society and give them attitude. I know lots of "hillbillies" - they are moral people when they return to themselves. Their "justice" can be brutal when they feel threatened or humiliated, like "justice" in the streets of the city. They do not need any part of the city - the city should take its canoe and camping to legal sites. <br /> <br /> "Deliverance" was the last movie I found Jon Voight to do some real acting - I hope I'm wrong. He was extremely underpaid for "Midnight Cowboy" because he was unknown, but showed that he could do that role by dropping a hat. His performance in "Deliverance" was excellent. It gave us a clear demonstration Ordinary people can move mountains, if necessary - but who will be thought of as "ordinary" today? His staple sob at dinner was brilliant. Wow! to Burt Reynolds !!! You have to ask what led him to the other sticky movies? His masculinity, though rude, in this film set the pace for the endurance needed to make it out of the desert - not just in the backs, but in the desert everyday. Down Beatty was stellar - his underwear might not have "Versace" sewn on it, but his chess performance was perfect. As mentioned, he became stronger than any of the groups at the end of the movie. Ronny Cox played the moral guy to the hilt - every man should have his will to do what is right. Several "users" have theorized that he was shot, or lost his balance when he entered the river - my theory is that he was so crazy about the whole journey, committed suicide. No shot was heard under the scene, and Voight and Beatty did not find a wound. <br /> <br /> James Dicey probably knows how to weave an exciting story and was great as a sheriff - it is said he was so terrified He happened every day when he came to his set. His character could see that the three canoes were guilty of survival, but also knew they had no chance of a jury of local people, no matter how kindly they were treated in "Aintry". He was also aware that local peoples could be cruel. Justice? - "Don't come back here again". Not many "users" knew "hillbillies" were used in the movie where it was possible - which actors could portray them better? The "mountaineers" were actually mountaineers ....... <br /> <br /> Every detail of this movie was perfect - no doubt it was dangerous to record. Play in? Better "fight for your life" in. I have experienced some near-misses and are happy to live outside the frogs who feel your crew's rage can get my part. <br /> <br /> That we have absolutely killed - and continue to do so - irreplaceable areas of this country undeniably. To see its grandeur on any medium is encouraging, but it leaves a bitter taste to realize that some do not care about it. Los Angeles, where I live, is a perfect example: it is built right into the territories of wildlife, and is firmly convinced that humans come before animals. It's their rightful habitat - we should let them be. Something strange, why coyotes and bears and wolves walk into neighborhoods? They are theirs. <br /> <br /> In a slightly less threatening way, we all need to experience the lessons to be learned from "Deliverance" - to understand our progress technically not lead to supremacy. I thank all the city slickers who went into the desert to produce this modern classic so it can scare the heel out of me when I see it. You can have the thrill of danger - I stick to the TV. 30-out-of-tenth
