Release is John Boorman's 1972 horror / thriller movie about a group of four Atlanta businessmen (Burt Reynolds, Jon Voight, Ned Beatty and Ronnie Cox), who make a canoe trip down the Cahulawassee River before the river is dammed. Along the way, a fleet (no word game) of unpleasant things happens to the men. Despite the unpleasant events in this picture, Boorman captures the natural beauty of the river nicely. The location was really well chosen. In fact, it would still be a very nice movie to see if the canoe trip had gone smoothly. The lush forests and gentle scenery only make the horror more horrible. Not only is the location scenic, but also beautifully shot thanks to the cinematographer Vilmos Zsigmond. It has been said that Burt Reynold's performance as the outdoor man, Lewis, is the star's role in this movie. However, I assume that Jon Voight steals the show with its role as the Ed family, which is quickly forced to change its attitude to survival. In fact, the scene in which the rock climbs is not a stuntman. It was Voight itself. To reduce costs, the movie was not insured and the actors did their own stunts. The soundtrack is particularly remarkable. Eric Weissberg's and Steve Mendel's performance on guitar and banjo as part of the Dueling Banjos sequence remains one of the most amazing pieces of soundtrack in cinema history for the utmost intensity of its performance. On a few other points in the film we are treated to more softer banjo music, which provides a very pleasant accompaniment to the trip down the river. For all the good points in this movie, I found the lack of purpose. It doesn't build up excitement very well, and it's not as cruel as we've got to believe. The plot itself is somewhat poor, and it doesn't really go anywhere. Nevertheless, this movie probably has good points to get my recommendation. I liked it, but for good fans there is not much of it. Nobody really, actually. It's not so much a scary movie as a fairy-tale movie that gets a bit sour. Think of it as Rambo: First blood meets three men in a boat. Watch out for a very young Charley Boorman as Ed's son. I liked this movie, the soundtrack, the movies and the plays it earned a well deserved 7 out of 10.
