When a movie shocks you with the disturbing, exciting atmosphere, and takes you in the throat with the amazing filmography, you just know that you've stumbled upon a treat, a masterpiece of a movie. Although most modern films are extremely comfortable like some, those who really shock you in focus are the strongest, and they are the most critically acclaimed and mostly staying for a lifetime. I am proud to say that I am a fan of movies that disturb not only horror movies but those who send a vibe loaded with vanity. Movies like Breakdown and The Missing that send a chill down on your spine, which makes you think "sacred crap that could happen to me" and visually entice you, are up there with some of my favorite aspects of a movie. Because I'm only 21, I didn't grow up with actors like Burt Renyolds, Jon Voight and Ned Beatty, although I'm familiar with them, I didn't see them and grow as actors as opposed to actors now like Shia LaBouf and justin long I have to say, after the long hype and deliberately Deliverance for the first time, I was so admired by these veteran actors in a movie made more than 30 years ago, and still live it's terror in competition with modern movies. Burt Renyolds plays Lewis, the macho self-appointed leader of a group of four friends on a canoe trip down a fictional river before a dam is made and fills the entire desert in water. Renyold's character is an experienced adventurer, kind of nonsense and full of machismo. Witnessing him to portray the hard guy, made me think differently about him as an actor, as I only saw him as a seedy old guy or an angry politician. The dialogue that the director provides for his character gives him enough evil to be proven as a strong and even frightening leader. Ronny Cox and Ned Beatty play as novice adventurers, respectively, Drew and Bob, and go in for fun with a canoe trip. The actor, whom I enjoyed watching, was Jon Voight, once again I only saw him as an older actor, but unlike Renyolds, I have very well watched Voight's play (and I don't consider Anaconda when I say it ), for example, the national tax films. Voight plays Ed, who, like Lewis, has experienced adventures, but is seen as a more reserved character, a restrained hero / leader and definitely lacks Lewis' machismo. The film, in principle, opens up with the four who enter a small town while they ask to find someone to drive their cars to the bottom of the river while they canoe on the dikes and camp along the river bank. You immediately get an eerie vibe from the hillbilly characters we are introduced to as the upgraded child playing the infamous "Dueling Banjo's" at the start of the movie with Ronny Cox's character Drew; And then the two mountain men in the movies are swinging and disturbing rape. As with any atmospheric film, fear and confusion fills every now and then with both the characters and the audience, and this is where we see the characters taking shape and changing shape. The canoe trip that follows is professionally shot, and from here the men fight against both the human and nature's odds of survival. The film's film does not appear, and I support commenting on the scene where Ed fights one of rapist mountain men with a composite bow. When Ed falls on one of his arrows and notes that his enemy is approaching him, his rifle taps only to shoot the floor when he falls with an arrow in his neck; was possibly the greatest piece of movie cabinet I've seen in a movie. When wrapped, Deliverance is a movie that is horrible and the mood carries the mood across and until that date remains one of the best movies in movie history.
