This is one of the greatest films ever made. It's a full-time classic. The character played by Ned Beatty goes through one of the greatest screen transformations ever depicted. He is a low, almost useless, overweight insurance sales. He is proud of his ignorance, and yet they judge "backwards" to be ignorant. When he complements the old man on his hat, and the old man answers, "You know nothing", "the tone is set. It's true. He really doesn't know anything." But a backwood's anal rape later is the man practically a warrior. His superficial false bravery is toned down in serious solution. The old self is forever dead, left in some remote forests, soon to be under hundreds of water. And what about Lewis, our pristine guide? Lewis is a philosopher / hunter / warrior and he is just about nuts. Burt Reynolds appeared as an actress in 1972 in this film and devoted himself entirely to this wonderful role. Who wouldn't have a friend like Lewis if you had to venture into the dangers of a forgotten / soon-to-be-left world like the one in which our rude travelers are in. This movie speaks to us on so many levels. The story feels real. It acts as a complete action / adventure, with wonderful filmography and deliberate grinding. It seems like a bit of a scary movie, with the father and almost surrealism of the encounter with the evil rednecks who are objectifying their "wound" Ned Beatty. But it also seems like an art film that uses incredible amounts of symbolism to convey truths that go to our core. I've seen this movie at least fifty times, and every time it comes, I find I should see it. You have to see it quite a few times to start understanding it yourself. This is a deep movie. This is a well-traded movie. And this is a hell of a story. I gave it a 10 out of 10 and put it in my 10 most popular movies ever, along with Schindler's List, Casablanca, Taxi Driver and Sling Blade, among others. Movies that make you think. Movies that take you beyond thinking. Movies that use a STORY to make their points without trying to preach to you. If you think you know relinquishment, you might, but again, you can't. It's really that good.
