Releasing is a great thriller, as exciting as any good thriller should strive to be, but also belly-hopping scary. Although it's not a horror movie, it's just as scary as any classic horror movie. The idea of ​​being a normal red-blooded man who enjoys an adventure weekend miles from any kind of civilization, to be captured and sodomized only by a few violent hillbillies, is probably the worst nightmare of 99.9% of the world's population. It would have been easy for the release to get into the exploit, but John Boorman has cleverly avoided the temptation to go down on such a route and has made a film exploring, questioning, and challenging the very meaning of masculinity. With so many movies you get away and want to heaven that you could step into the hero's shoes, perform heroic deeds and save the day and get the girl .... but with liberation you come away and pray to God that you will never have to experience what these four main characters are going through. <br /> <br /> Four by guys - Ed (Jon Voight), Lewis (Burt Reynolds), Drew (Ronny Cox) and Bobby (Ned Beatty) - go into the desert to spend a few days, canoeing down a soon-to-dusted river. The boys run in the rapids in pairs, and Ed and Bobby accidentally get a little too far ahead of the others, pulling into the river side and waiting for their friends in the adjacent forest. Here they are broken by two local woodlanders (Bill McKinney and Herbert Coward) who tie Ed to a tree, while one of them strips and rapes Bobby instructs him perversely to "scream like a pig". Lewis and Drew arrive invisibly, and Lewis, a fair shooter, kills the rapist while the other hillbilly strikes a hasty retreat into the forest. Under great emotional stress, the four canoes decide to hide the event and get out of the area. But they find the river increasingly dangerous to negotiate while traveling downstream, and the risk of their lives is raised when the surviving hillbilly returns to shoot at them with his rifle from an invisible vantage point in the rocky cliffs of the river. <Br /> <br /> Releasing is very powerful as a survival narrative, but even more powerful (and disturbing) as a study of macho attitudes torn apart and left in humiliating tatters. Although all the performances are remarkable, particular attention must be paid to Beatty's efforts in a role many actors would have knocked down. The movie is very thematic for the 1971 movie Straw Dogs - both films deal with frightening sexual violence in isolated locations, and in both the possible violent revenge required by the victim, does not result in any kind of satisfaction. The backdrop to the rugged landscape of Deliverance is beautiful to look at, but it also adds to the excitement of placing the four canoes in a setting where they benefit hillbillies and the countryside, with no one to rely on anything but themselves. This is really exciting film production at its best.
