You can arrange a version of Charles Dickens' "Christmas Carol" with socks and I will probably see it. Ever since I was a kid, this has been one of my favorite stories. Perhaps it is the idea that there is good in all, and therefore no one is without redemption that appeals to me, but for some reason I never miss an opportunity to see one of the many screen adaptations of this timeless classic when on television, as they are inevitably this season. <br /> <br /> What makes this version really stand out is the gloomy gravitas that the cast brings to their respective roles. Lines we've heard dozens of times in the past have been given a whole new intensity, and each character becomes more authentic and trustworthy in the hands of this wonderful ensemble. <br /> <br /> George C. Scott was nominated for an Emmy in 1985 for this role. It is to his eternal credit that, instead of sleeping in this often-represented role of Scrooge, he gave him a new interpretation which, in my opinion, was one of his best performances ever. He didn't try wisely for a British accent, but delivered his lines in the famous gravelly voice. Hans Scrooge is not only a wild old man (whom he is so often portrayed), but a man who has a deeper anger towards the world. As he is visited by each of the three spirits, we understand how this anger shot, grew, and ultimately spun his soul. As he is forced to go through his life, we see him alternately softening and then back into inadvertent obstinacy. And in the great dramatic scene, kneeling and crying in his own grave, asking for mercy as he tries to convince the third spirit of his conversion and desire to change his life, we see a man who has been completely broken and brought to his knees literally and figuratively. Scott has made Scrooge completely credible and painfully human. <br /> <br /> Impressive as Scott's performance is, the ensemble of supporting actors significantly contributes to this version's dark beauty. Fred Holywell, Scroge's nephew, is an excellent example of this. Often portrayed as a gracious buffoon, here he is played by Roger Rees with an emotional intensity missing from previous depictions. When he says to Scrooge, "I'm not asking you anything. I don't want anything from you. Why can't we be friends?" We see not only his frustration in his face, but his pain at Scroge's self-imposed separation from his only living relative. It's a moving performance, and one of the movie's most dramatic scenes. Even more magnificent is the performance that fantastic English actor Frank Finlay has produced as Scrooge's late partner, Jacob Marley. In most versions of this story, the scene with Marley tends to be a bit low in the movie, simply because it's hard to portray a dead man convincingly, and the results are usually just stupid (ooooh, see, it's a scary ghost. ...... not!) In this version, it is perhaps the most accurate scene in the whole movie. Marley's entrance, which the locks on Scroge's door fly open to themselves and the sound of chains that echo echoes throughout the house, is wonderfully unsafe. But Finlay's Marley is no ethereal spirit. He is a tortured soul that inspires both horror and pity. Marley can be a ghost, but his anger and regret over a life wasted on the pursuit of wealth, and his despair by his realization that his sins are now out of court, are still very human. As portrayed by Finlay, we have no problem believing that even the flinty Scrooge would be shaken by this nightmarish perception. Finlay really steals the scene here, something not easy to do when you are facing George C. Scott. <br /> <br /> And it just goes over and over again, a remarkable achievement after another, which makes it seem like you experience this story for the first time. Edward Woodward (remember him from the Equalizer?) Is in turn both jovial and threatening as Ghost of Christmas Present. When he delivers the famous line, "it may well be that in Heaven's eyes you are more worthless and less fit to live than MILLIONS as this poor man's child" he is no longer a jolly Santa Claus surrogate, but a devoted angel there gives Scrooge a much needed oral spanking. Susannah York is a wonderfully tart tongue Mrs Cratchit, and David Warner brings a wonderful depth to the long-suffering Bob Cratchit, a man who goes through life with the triple crosses of poverty, a sick child and an inadequate boss. His face alternately shows his cheerful courage, and sometimes his tiredness in the face of intolerable circumstances. Later, in the scene where Scrooge is shown by Ghost of Christmas, but coming to the Cratchit family after Tiny Tim's death, Warner's performance, while barely expressing a word, will move you to tears.
