'Releasing' is a brilliant condensed epic of a group of thoroughly modern men who embark on a canoe trip for a short time to commune with nature and instead have to fight for their beauty, their lives and perhaps even their souls. The film has a good age. Although it was made in the early seventies, it certainly does not look very dated. It still has a visceral blow and iconic status as a dramatic post-'Death of the Sixties' philosophical-and-cultural shock vehicle. There are very few films with similar beliefs that can be compared positively to it, even though the legendary Sam Peckinpah's stuff should be up there. Yes, there has been a considerable debate and discussion about the film's most confrontational scene (which I will not extend here) - and undoubtedly one of the most confrontational scenes in the history of film history - but what surprises about this movie are how painful it is is at times. This generally seems to be overlooked (yet in thought quite understandably enough). The cinematography, which captures the essence of the vanishing, fragile river desert, is often amazing, and it counteracts the movie as in a moment of short madness, we viewers - along with the characters themselves - are being thrown into an unrelenting nightmare. "The narrative of the release is appropriately lean and sober, and it is surprising how quickly events unfold from the establishment to the crisis and the aftermath. It all happens very quickly, giving a feeling of very real urgency for the movie. The setting is effectively established through the opening credits. The characters are all well drawn despite limited time spent on back story. We know enough about them to know them for the kind of man they are, like them, and ultimately fear them when everything goes to hell. The conflict and violence in the movie seem to break out of nothing, with a scary lack of logic. This is the author of James Dickey's theme - that any predominant romance about man's perceived intrinsic 'goodness' can only die when his barely suppressed animal instincts come to the fore. There are no demons or bogeymen here. The predatory hillbillies - like the movie's central villains - are only raw, scary amoral cousins ​​of our protagonists. They choke because their evil is petty and tangible. The film has no peripheral characters. Everything reflects on the weaknesses and uncertainties of urbanized Homo Sapiens in the last 20th century, and all are very real and recognizable. Burt Reynolds is wonderful in this movie as gung-ho and almost poorly convinced Survivalist, Lewis, and it's a shame to believe he really couldn't resume his brief moment of dramatic glory throughout the rest of his ever-sputtering up- down career ("Boogie Nights" might be excluded). Believe me, if you are not a Reynolds fan, you will be impressed by his performance here. John Voight is his usual effortless self, and Ned Beatty and Ronny Cox both contribute significantly. This is simply a big quartet of actors. In conclusion, I must wonder when and when 'Deliverance' author James Dickeys 'To the White Sea' will be made. For those who enjoy (?) This movie, TTWS is an equally demanding tale of an American Air Force pilot's struggle for survival after being shot down over the Japanese mainland during World War II. It's more of the typically gloomy existentialism and primordial savagery that is Dickey's trademark, but it has every opportunity for a truly spectacular, poetic cinematic experience. There was the proposal some years ago that the Coen brothers might be able to produce it, but it eventually came to nothing. Being an avid Coen-o-phile disappointed me to think about what could have been if they got the green light on the TTWS, instead of their last couple of relatively undisputed efforts. Back to 'Deliverance' it is impossible to imagine that a film of such honest, unpleasant brutality is being made in those times, and it is quite shameful. We, the biographical public, are all poorer for this.
