This story is told and recalled and continues to be told in every way imaginable. The immortal Charles Dickens story has been recreated in every possible way. I admit I haven't seen the classic Alistair Sim version, and I'm sure I will once, but I would be blown away if it touched just this amazing eighties version. I think if Dickens himself had created his story for movies, it would be. History is well known, I do not want to go into detail because everyone has seen it in some form. A rich, spoken, old, old man is visited by the spirit of his former partner and warned of his significant ways. To straighten him out he is visited by three spirits, each of which shows him a different perspective on his life and the people he is involved in, past, present and future. Finally, when he sees all this for him, he discovers his way of error in a big way and tries retribution for all the wrong he has done. <br /> <br /> George C. Scott is absolutely unthinkable perfect for this role. He addresses the Ebeneezer Scrooge role and makes it his own and creates an incredible character. He is not just a medieval old man, but one who has been accomplished by certain situations in his life, which has made him bitter and angry with the world. There is compassion in him, but he keeps it under everything else and is very independent. Scott delivers the role of perfection when it comes to Scrooge. <br /> <br /> Not only does leading role play this movie, but everything else fits in. This is a great epic of Victorian England, Dickens England recreated for our eyes, sights and sounds, and you can almost feel the breeze in your face and the smells on the market. Director Clive Donner brilliantly recreates this scene and leaves nothing to the imagination. I could see this movie on the mute and be dazzled by nature. It's not spectacular scenery in itself, but that's right. The film leads us from the market for high-class traders to the very bad coarse and everything in poverty. The rest of the molding fits into their roles and brings their literary counterparts to life. Bob Cratchitt, played by David Warner and his entire family, including and especially the young Tiny Tim, played by Anthony Walters, was wonderful. The ghosts each had their own distinct personality and added the dark mood in this story. A Christmas Carol is not a bright story. Dickens wrote this story for a dark period in England's life, and it is one of the few Christmas bouts that is really dark, almost scary, and it must be scary to scare a man who has been a miser for so many years to Turn around. The dark sense of the story is trapped in this movie and is frightening, and yet the ending lifts your spirits and catches Christmas temples. The score for this film is also something to mention, as it is epic and grand and beautiful to listen to, whether it is the actual score or the Christmas music, everything fits together. Apparently, Christmas film is my favorite because I insist that everyone sees this Christmas Carol over everyone else. 10.10
