Marie: You're smooth. Dan: No, I'm not smooth. I'm Dan. <br /> <br /> If you're something like me, don't go together smoothly. You see someone you like rarely enough, as it can be, and you want to say something, but you don't. Or maybe you say something, but it may end up being the smallest intelligent thing you've ever said in your life. More often than not, you stare from afar and admire without having to deal with what most agrees is the only way to get anywhere in life? a risk. You can't blame a guy for being a little scared. Maybe he's been burned hard before, or maybe he's trying to focus all his energy on his career. There are reasons, some valid, some not, and all of them can be interpreted as excuses rather than reason. You tell yourself that you don't need it or it's not the right time for you, but you still want it to happen. In some way you break it down, it's not easy. Sounds good? If you thought yes, even a little, then DAN IN REAL LIFE, the new comedy by director Peter Hedges, is a must-see. It will come into you and somehow manage to break and warm your heart all at once. Dan from the title is Dan Burns (Steve Carell), a counseling columnist admired for his insight into living a balanced, satisfying and morally uplifting life. Four years or so before the film opens at Dan wakes up to his day, he lost his wife and love for his life. After that tragedy, Dan returned to raise their three daughters alone. Between it and focusing on his career, finding love again was not one of Dan's priorities. And then he became more functional than feeling. Removed from the power of intimacy, Dan no longer knows what it means to be so close to anyone, and he has withdrawn from never knowing it again. That is, until he meets Marie (Juliette Binoche) in a book and tackles the store in Connecticut on a quiet morning. They are interaction is relaxed, comfortable and it captures both of them away from guard. There is only one problem really. She already sees someone. Unfortunately for everyone involved, one of Dan's brothers is Mitch (Dane Cook). His entire family has come up to their parents' home for their annual visit, and Dan now has to spend the weekend and enjoy the fleeting feeling he had with Marie in the morning. It only lasted an hour or so, but it only took a long time to awaken Dan's heart from his coma. <br /> <br /> With so many family members to handle (Jack Mahoney and Dianne Wiest are at the helm), THEN IN ACTIVITY, you get away from her greater purpose from time to time. While the cyclone of children and parents and aunts and uncles make it time to try Dan, Hedges also uses it unnecessarily as a means of distracting, presuming that it would ultimately create a more complete movie. Fortunately, Hedges Carell has to bear the heavy burden. It's a pleasure to see Steve Carell come into his own more and more with every picture he makes (despite the occasional EVAN ALMIGHTY-sized mistake). He is charismatic, charming and of course a sharp humorist. Like Dan, he is also self-defeating, awkward and scared. Carell is the rare comedian who pushes himself to find character in his roles rather than relying solely on his comical instincts and established persona. Perhaps more importantly, he is completely relatable as Dan. Regardless of whether he claps the crib in the laundry room, where he is exposed to sleeping as the only single adult at this reunion or fidgeting around the kitchen, can not stand still in his anxiety, Dan is every guy who himself unsure of themselves and felt alone in the crowd. Carell gives Dan so much heart that he becomes the very heart of the film itself. <br /> <br /> I wondered after watching the movie if I enjoyed it as much as I did, despite its small flaws (Juliette Binoche ?? I know you like to light up now and then but I do not recommend it unless there is chocolate involved, because of where I am in my life. Did anyone who found out that someone got so much meaning and comfort from this movie? I can't say. What I can say, as one who knows what it means to be lonely, at DAN IN REAL LIFE what it means to be surprised by life and love, and how these moments and people should be valued and valued. It also knows that anyone who may feel lonely on a given day or for several months at a time should be reminded that surprises are still happening.
