Excellent trashy and wonderfully unpretentious 80's exploitation, hi! The precisions' opening sequences give a false impression that we are dealing with a serious and appalling drama, but you do not have to fear because just under ten minutes later we are up to our neck in invisible chainsaws, fist fights, lurid dialogues and free naked! Bo and Ingrid are two orphaned siblings with an unusually close and even slightly perverted relationship. Can you imagine licking the towel that covers your sister's naked body and staring at her uncut genitals for several minutes? Well, that makes Bo her sister and judges by her double laughter, she doesn't mind. Sick, guy! Anyway, as children they fled from Russia with their parents, but outrageous soldiers brutally beat mom and dad. A friendly smuggler took custody of them and even traveled and trained Bo and Ingrid to expert smugglers. When the plot itself promises, 20 years later, they face their ultimate mission as the mythical and incredibly valuable White Fire diamond randomly exists in a mine. Very few things in life ever made as little sense as plot and narrative structure of "White Fire", but it is certainly fun to see. Most of the time you have no idea who beats who or for what reason (and I bet the actors understood even less), but anything! Violence is splendidly grotesque, and each plot twist is pleasantly delayed. The script goes completely bonkers beyond repair when suddenly ?? and i won't reveal for what reason ?? Bo needs a replacement for Ingrid, and Fred Williamson enters the scene with a big cigar in his mouth and his cunning black fingers over the local prostitutes. Bo's main opponent is an Italian chick with big boobs, but a hefty accent, the upscale but captivating theme song plays at least a dozen times throughout the film. There is the mandatory montage of "we are falling in love" and lots of other sights! My God, what a glorious experience. The original French title translates itself as "Life to Survival", which is uniquely appropriate because it makes as much sense as the rest of the movie: None!
