What can you say about the movie White Fire. Amazing? Fantastic? Disturbing? Hysterical fun? These words are not big enough to describe the event that is White Fire. From the wobbly, the garbled begins to the deep end, this movie will entertain throughout. <br /> <br /> Our movie begins in the forest of a country somewhere in the world. A family hides from unmarked soldiers in costume shop uniforms. When the father differs from the mother and their child, you get a real sense of what kind of movie you are watching. Father makes sure to roll down the hills of his entire white outfit and is polite when he gets people's attention before he shoots them, but unfortunately, daddy is burned in what looks like a very uncontrolled, insecure stunt. Meanwhile, mother and kids run down a beach with an armed soldier lying about 5 meters behind them. He also gives a strict warning before action in the form of a bizarre "HALT!", And then the mother is immediately wasted. This action sequence sets out the happy childhood of our lord Bo and Ingred. So now we're leaping forward in 20 years (30 if you're honest about the hero's age) to the beautiful Turkey where Bo and Ingred have settled as professional thieves or diamond prospectors or something. Ingred works at a diamond mine where she helps with the goods, while Bo (masterfully played by the dynamic Robert Ginty) drives around in the desert in her costume clothing. Bo and Ingrid have an interesting relationship. They do not seem to have friends other than each other and they spend all the time together. It combined with the fact that Bo has expressed her desire to sleep with her sister as shown in lines like "you know it is a shame, you are my sister", he tells her while she is naked, does it a very dynamic duo. Bo gets so crushed when Ingrid is killed when he walks the beaches in Turkey with his ceremonial pink mourning scarf. A renewal of hope arises when Bo finds a girl that looks like Ingrid, and gives her plastic surgery to make her look like Ingrid. This opens the door for Bo to have sex with his sister without it being technically wrong. Bo is a real fan of ethical gray areas, and he is fond of his new love. So, nevertheless, there are many fun action scenes, ridiculous violence, great acting, impossible to follow plot lines, Fred "hammer" Williamson (for some reason), and a great deal of dirty ice that should be a huge diamond (like later explodes). All these things are good, but the Bo and Ingrid relationship is what makes this movie special .... really special. Therefore, I heartily encourage everyone to see the majesty that is white fire. You may be glad you did it or not.
