the government he struggled to establish to recognize his loyalty with a promised and much-needed pension. Ripstein's lyrical work is a sweet ode to all those who, like the Colonel, suffer from a cynical and hardened society's abuse, which strengthens by denying its citizens the means of living with dignity and purpose. Contrary to the absurdity of waiting for goodness, the colonel's wait for the arrival of his pension gives hope and significance to his otherwise miserable life. Two things in the movie drove the Colonel, masterfully played by Fernando Lujan; The hope that his military pension will one day come and know that his son, Agustin, died for a noble cause, a reason other than a drunken fracas on a rigged cockfight. Could not realize the former, and forced to prove to the latter the colonel is doing the only thing he can do to train his son's cockroach. The male is now the warrior who can bring colonel and justice to the colonel and his asthmatic wife, but his fighting is the one that his former owner Agustin kills. In a tense confrontation between Colonel and Nogales, his son's killer, Colonel is offered by Nogales, a paid state agent, enough money to correspond to the colonel's full pension. But this is blood money; hush money designed to hide the fact that in power they have turned their backs on someone who fought for their political ideals and to hide from the world that the son of the colonel was murdered because he wrote to an underground paper that favored labor rights unions and the common man. With the highest dignity, Colonel Nogales rejects his offer, picks up his giant cock and goes away as noble as his old leg can carry him. When he is home, his wife, Dona Lola, will know why the Colonel refused the money when they both starve. In response to her continuing questions, "What should we eat for November (when the cockfighting season begins)", the Colonel replies, "Shit." Excrement is what the poor and desenfranchised have eaten throughout their lives, and excrement is a meal that the Colonel willingly chooses to eat with dignity knowing he can never sell his soul to those who oppress him. The Colonel is waiting as the only man of honor and dignity in a world without principles.
