After gorging me on a number of seemingly immature movies bought on ex-rental DVDs, I figured the time was right for a little serious drama and who better to give it than Sam Mendes? For a number of reasons, "American Beauty" does not appeal to me as much as this movie, which is easily the darkest thing Tom Hanks has ever done and one of the most underestimated films of the last decade. For this is not a simple gangster tale lifted from its graphic novel origin, and is simply great to see because of it. And despite my common allergy to any movie with Tom Hanks' name on it (still can't see "Big" without having a cat to kick), I'm glad I gave this a try because it is one of the movies you want to kick yourself if you miss it. Normally squeaky-clean Hanks plays Michael Sullivan, a devoted family member and father of two sons who grow up under Prohibition in the early 1930s. He is also a professional hitman for bullying John Rooney (Paul Newman), but has managed to keep his job a secret from his sons. But after his elder (Tyler Hoechlin) testifies that his father is involved in a bullying, the couple are forced to get started when John tries to clean up the case. Soon, father and son are being pursued to Chicago, where a fireman (a threatening Jude Law) is waiting for them. On the front of it it reads like a beautiful standard gangster movie, but as I have said, it is not at all about gangsters. It's about the relationship between a father and a son thrown together in the most tragic conditions. Hanks is (* grits teeth *) great as the tortured man who finds out that everything has its price and little Hoechlin is also good as Sullivan's son. Quite frankly, there is no single achievement that I could point out as weaker than the others - the cast is virtually faultless. Like cinematography and costumes (and I don't often praise costumes!), Which recreates the 30s with great effect. There has been so much work to get everything right and it pays off in spades. This could easily have seen something wild - they admit that the early 30's look was hard to put down - but it doesn't and it deserves any kind of credit. Chicago especially looks great, lined with hundreds of monstrous cars from the era and filled with black and white suits and hats. Real time driving, although a small CGI is needed. The story is also a winner, giving a human face to what is often seen as a stereotypical genre of the movie chore. The law is surprisingly threatening as the almost mechanical killer Maguire shows that you don't have to be Cagney or De Niro or Brando to play a gangster. The movie is definitely noir-ish, driving the rain and blurry stores dominate, but at least violence and killing (ultimately) are seen to have an emotional and psychological impact on those who commit and those who just testify to such actions . It is all evocative of an earlier age and previous movie, but it sweeps away the old one and updates with a modern tale of redemption in the midst of Tommy-Gun shootouts and extortion rackets. It may feel a bit slow in places, especially if you're used to lots of gun-play in movies like most modern audiences (like yours really), but sometimes words can speak higher than actions. Mendes has delivered a fine follow-up to his Oscar-winning debut, a movie that is as intelligent as it is beautiful to watch. "Road to Perdition" may not be to everyone's taste, but it is a DVD I should not exchange at any time soon.
