After being driven out of the house and into the theater by the swirling heat, I could not have been more satisfied. The road to Perdition, directed by Sam Mendes (American Beauty), is destined to become one of the greatest films of all time. Maybe I'm just getting old; Perhaps I have just reused the same themes over and over again. But this film is actually different. The story opens with the young Michael Sullivan Jr. facing the ocean and considering the duality of his father's heritage - one of the best men ever living, one of the most evil. This duality beats its way through the entire movie. The story is about crime chief John Rooney (Paul Newman) and Michael Sullivan (Tom Hanks), the young man Rooney once took over and now serves as his personal "Angel of Death". Rooney is bound by blood to his own son, but bound by love and loyalty to Michael. Young Michael Jr., fascinated by the stories he reads, steals in his father's car one night while Dad goes out to "work" with Connor Rooney, the heir to the family "business". Connor lets the situation get out of hand, and it was just a warning that turns into murder - witnessed by Michael Jr. After the discovery that young Michael has seen what he should not have seen, the plot is set in The time when conflicting loyalty collides. Soon, Michael Sr. on his way with her young son, pursued by the contractor Harlen "The Reporter" Maguire (Jude Law). I do not want to disclose any additional details to avoid any reels. However, I strongly urge viewers to explore the many dualities present in the movie: Problems between sons and fathers (Michael Sr & Jr., John Rooney & Son Connor), between the world at home and the world at "work" between good and evil between those who pretend to be men of God and those who really are, between "pure" money and "dirty", between the city and the edition as hell. And along the way taste the visual sheen of cinematographer Conrad L. Hall (9 nominations, 2 oscars for best movies): Rainfall of fedoras, shoots through mirrors (especially on swing doors), tommy-gun flashes out of the shade, absent any sound. Not only has 75-year-old Hall given us the best film product of his career, but 77-year-old Paul Newman offers one of his best performances ever. Yeah ... I have to get old. But I've seen a lot ... and it's fresh and refreshing. Road to Perdition presents a lasting and loving tribute to the gangster genre, to movies from the 40s, to dark comic books that lurk in the dark, to villains and heroes, to American films in general. Go see it!
