I thought Sam Mendes' first film, the very heralded American beauty was a movie of style-saving, wait until you see his expected second action, the relentless grim 30's gangster melodrama ROAD TO PERDITION. Some critics have welcomed this new movie as a worthy successor to GODFATHER, a verdict that several reviewers have taken with Mr Mendes' extraordinary technical skill. If the filmmaking mechanics are what makes a picture good, then yes, ROAD TO PERDITION is a distant cousin of GODFATHER for what it achieves in film, editing, music scoring and sound. What it does not have is a resonance that all great stories and some very rare movies have the stay with the viewer long after the experience of reading or seeing it is over. As with American beauty, there is a cold, distant feeling of this movie, despite some very tense scenes involving paternal love, loyalty and fraud. <br /> <br /> This story of a hitman (Tom Hanks) and his relationship with a surrogate father figure who is also his boss, an older Irish mobster (Paul Newman), seems to have been erased by countless gangster movies of the year former. The father / son motif, which hangs over this image, is so heavily handed in in his treatment that there is little room for spontaneity; the whole company has been very carefully done, and almost all the dialogues come with an air of great portent: this is, of course, a gangster movie, that is, the required amount of violence and bloodshed, but the film is almost devoid of any humor to speak of; Only in scenes involving a young boy driving an escape car in a cleverly edited montage, there is a sense of ease of mind that lingers on the profound sense of doom. <br /> <br /> Having said that, I have nothing but the highest praise for the amazing look of this movie; In fact, it's not an overstatement to say that this is one of the most beautifully photographed and designed movies I've ever seen. Veteran cameraman Conrad Hall will most likely win another Oscar for his work here. Production sets and costumes are just as exemplary; In fact, the whole movie is a technical wonder. Mr. Mendes continues to marvel at his vibrant color, and he and Mr Hall again make very dramatic use of red blood splattered against bright colored walls, the more effective and confusing due to the consideration of black, blues and thrills dominating the film's color scheme. <br /> <br /> If I haven't duly noticed the play, it's not because the actors don't claim to be ably; Everyone in the movie is top notch, with special mention to the two vicious evil ones: Daniel Craig is the classic "man you love to hate", the spoiled, impulsive son of Newman's gangster; and an almost irrevocable Jude Law as a particularly slimy miscreant who continues Hanks and his son, and is much more important in the movie's second half. But in a movie, this dazzling need to take a back seat to the photographic fireworks on the screen here. If a Rolls-Royce was a movie, I have no doubt it would look like the road to PERDITION.
