Directed by duo Yudai Yamaguchi (Battlefield Baseball) and Jun'ichi Yamamoto "Meatball Machine" is apparently a remake of Yamamoto's 1999 movie of the same name. I doubt I ever get the chance to see the original so I just keep commenting on this. First of what is the "Meatball Machine"? A simple today prestigious low budget industrial splatter flick packed with great make-up effects and make. It's not something you end up writing books about, but it's fun if you dig this type of movie. <br /> <br /> The "Meatball Machine" follows the well-known plot. Boy loves girl but is too scared to ask her for a date. The boy finally meets girl. The girl is infected by a parasitic alien creature that makes her a homicidal cyborg. Boy on the other hand also transformed into the said thing and goes on the quest to save his love. Will he succeed? Who gives a curse as long as there is bloodbath and death, I am satisfied. <br /> <br /> The reason is simple, relatively clichéd, but it does well enough to set the film's course right in a bloody confrontation between the two main characters. There is a subplot focusing on how the parasite that infected the girl came into their lives. And yes it also happily shows more violence. I'm happy. Action is what you would expect from a no budget splatter movie. It is not exactly painful for the ears, but it is not good either. <br /> <br /> The main attraction of the film besides violence and gore (which I haven't mentioned enough already) is cyborg design. Made by Keita Amemiya, who works to create alien creatures and costumes for both film and video games, is well known. The Necro citizens, as they are called in the "Meatball Machine", look incredibly detailed. Without the use of CGI Amemiya's designs, a breathtaking fusion of meat and metal is painfully stunning in their appearance. Ability to transform different parts of the body into cool weapons such as cases, rocket launchers, blood firing shotguns and so on and so on. Although you can easily recognize the movie's picture quality, necroborg's A-movie is class. The "Meatball Machine" is "Tetsuo The Iron Man" mixed with "Alien" everything made in low budget and extra ketchup mode. It's an extremely entertaining movie that ignores modern special effects and proves that the splatter genre is still alive and kicking.
