This 1984 version of Dickens' classic 'A Christmas Carol', directed by Clive Donner, stars George C. Scott as Ebenezer Scrooge. At this point, the challenge for the filmmaker was to take such known material and make it appear fresh and fresh again; And with pleasure to say, with this movie, Donner not only met the challenge, but surpassed any expectation that anyone might have had for it. He tells the story with precision and an eye for detail, and extracts performances from his actors who are nothing less than superlative, especially Scott. One could argue that the final depiction of Scrooge - one of the best known characters in literary fiction, ever - was created by Alastair Sim in the 1951 film; but I believe with his performance here, Scott has now achieved this distinction. There is such a purity and honesty in his Scrooge that it becomes difficult to consider anyone else in the role once you have seen Scott do it; Simply put, he is scrooge. And what a tribute to such a gifted actor; Being able to take such a well-known figure and make it so unique its own is quite miraculous. It is really a pleasure to see an actor ply his trade so well in order to make a character so genuine, from every word he goes down to the finest expression of his face, and to make it all ring so true. It is a study in perfection. <br /> <br /> The other cast members are also amazing, but then again they must be to maintain Scott's performance integrity; And they do it. Frank Finlay is Ghost of Jacob Marley; a remarkable trip, perhaps not as memorable, perhaps as that of Alec Guinness (like Marley) in the movie, 'Scrooge.' Angela Pleasence is a welcome visage like Christmas Pastor's Spirit; Edward Woodward, grand and boisterous, and absolutely convincing as the Christmas gift spirit; and Michael Carter, grim and threatening as Christmas spirit, yet to come. <br /> <br /> David Warner strikes just the right brand with his Bob Cratchit, which gives a sincerity to the role that goes well with the standard of quality quality set by Scott's Scrooge, and Susannah York costs just as well. Mrs Cratchit. The real gem that exists here, however, is the young Anthony Walters performance as Little Tim; It is heartfelt, without becoming a maudlin, and just one of the best interpretations - and the most real - ever presented on film. The excellent support cast includes Roger Rees (Fred Holywell, and also the narrator of the movie), Caroline Langrishe (Janet Holywell), Lucy Gutteridge (Belle), Michael Gough (Mr. Poole) and Joanne Whalley (Fan). A flawless presentation, this version of 'A Christmas Carol' sets the standard against which all others must be measured; No matter how many versions you may have seen, it looks like seeing it for the first time ever. And forever, when you think of Scrooge, the image your mind will evoke will be George C. Scotts. A thoroughly entertaining and satisfying experience calls for this film somewhere in the annual holiday activity program of each home. I rate this 10/10
