Wow ... I mean WOW this must be one of the best stories I've ever had the chance to read / see. We all know this famous story. Two martial artists, a man and his son, train in the forbidden cursed springs, and while ignoring their warnings, they both fall in a spring each. Father, Genma, spring of drowned Panda. And 16 year old Ranma, spring of drowning girl. Now with every splash of cold water they become the actual title for the spring they landed in. Crazy enough yet? No, it's just the beginning. As if one of the strongest teens ever existed to become a woman, it wasn't enough, Ranma has to deal with crazy martial arts teachers and hundreds of insane art forms, a crazy high school principle, opponents right and left who has a score to settle with Ranma withers it to destroy their lives early in some way or to "steal" their loved ones. And when I talk about loved ones, I have wasted how many times a boy or a girl has fallen in love with Ranma. And not once has his fiancé, Akane. And it's only from the first few chapters / episodes in the series. <br /> <br /> The story itself is amazing. I have never encountered anything so wild, so bizarre, so ... so ... out of this world and yet down to earth and trustworthy ... I can't even describe it fully. It's just a charming story that's so easy to get into. What I like about it is humor. Not once have I listened so much from a manga, and it doesn't have to try any of the stunts you would catch in the Simpsons or any of those. I could read any part of the comic book and I would laugh from the beginning to the end. Another thing is the signs. Ranma, you think making him too strong would be a set back, but no ... with every little problem that history throws at him, he does his best just to survive half the time, and his personality is the one stupid young boy, it would seem, but when the worst comes to worst, he can be a calculation genius. And to think of the hundreds of perverts in the show, Ranma, who hates the idea of ​​perverts all, is considered by everyone in his city, more of Akane, the worst perver ever living. His father Genma, would you think the father person would interfere with the background? Correct! But when he has some spotlight ... he just gives you more reasons to hate him yet on the same love he is! Do you think you know the worst father ever from an anime? You haven't met Genma. Ryoga, probably one of Ranma's greatest rivals and my favorite character (next to Ranma) ... and probably one of the only people he can actually stand. Probably the strongest character in the series, but has two flaws, one is his curse that makes him a pig, but his worst mistake ... is his lack of meaning in the direction! Then we ... you know I could spend hours on the computer explaining all the characters, the story is all positive about it, but it just wouldn't make sense. Look in the series if you have a retreat now! You will not regret it! Although I would recommend checking out comics first. I like anime, but I have had some problems getting the series at a good price. And a little nitpick, humor doesn't seem to translate into anime as well as manga. I think partly because the cartoon seems to me more comic. But in any way, it's a victory win! 10 out of 10!
