Certainly I took Ranma 1/2 up when I was about twelve. I was in the library and desperately searched for something good to read. Then I went to the Comic / Manga section and saw this book. At my first couple reading through the chapters, I didn't really know what was going on, but I knew I LOVED it. I even took it home for a couple of readings. Frankly, I hadn't come anywhere. And then, about five months (I'm 16 now) since my friend saw some anime shows and I remembered about this Manga. I couldn't remember what it was called, but recalled that the author was Rumiko Takahashi, the creator of Inu Yasha. I googled it and then made a rash decision to see all 161 episodes. At first I was a little thrown by the 1990 graphic, but it wasn't really something in the end. No anime has ever made me laugh so hard and rewind, look again. I once saw 45 consecutive episodes within a day. I don't know how I did it ... but I couldn't stop. After approx. Two days I grew into occupation. I even dreamed - as crazy as it sounds - to see Ranma. Never have I found a series so fun, so fun, and so cordial to see. So far, 161 episodes are not enough to keep me happy. Of course, cliff hangers ended enough to make me go bonkers, but the series alone was enough to make me continue to read. <br /> <br /> Ranma 1/2 is about a boy named Ranma Saotome and his father Genma Saotome. INTENSE martial artists. They are so intense that they went to the old training places in China and were "cursed". The grounds were full of different pools of springs, and if you land in one, you take the form of what drowned there when you doused in cold water. For Genma it was a PANDA, and for Ranma it was a ... girl! It's a very nice fun loving story. In addition, Genma promises his friend that Ranma will marry one of her daughters to keep Tendo Dojo alive. 'The course he gets matched with hates his courage and emotions mutually. Obviously, they start to suffer from each other, but both are too stubborn to admit it. But .. Genma has a history of doing this. He promised Ranma to many girls. <br /> <br /> Trust me. It's worth seeing. It is humorous, heart-warming and all around wonderful.
