First of all, Edison Chen did a fantastic, credible job as a Cambodian hitman, born and bred in the dumps and a gladiatorial ring where he beat his craft of sharp battery to survive, lived on the mantra of the kill or be killed. In a role that had a small dialogue or at least a few lines in Cambodian / Thai, his performance is convincing, probably what should have been in the Jet Li vehicle Danny the Dog, where a man is bred for the sole purpose of fighting , and on another's leash. <br /> <br /> Like Danny the Dog, the very talked about bare bone sequences are not choreographed stylistically, but rather designed as normal, brutal fisticuffs where everything goes. This has certainly given a sense of realism and grin when you see the characters swallow it out in each other's throats, to defend their own lives while taking them away from others. It is a grim, greedy and dark film both literally and figuratively, and it sets it apart from the usual run of the mill cop thriller production. <br /> <br /> Edison plays a hired gun from Cambodia, who becomes a refugee in Hong Kong, fleeing police when his pickup had gone wrong. Leading chase is the team led by Cheung Siu-Fai, who has to fight with maverick member Inspector Ti (Sam Lee) whose integration and acceptance of the team had to do with his father's sins. Then a cat and mouse game begins in the dark shades and shadows of the sea creature looking out of Hong Kong. <br /> <br /> The story works on several levels, especially in baternal studies, and the policeman On opposite sides of the law, we see within each character the black and white, but the grayscale. With the hit man we see his caring side as he joined and developed feelings of love for a girl (Pei Pei) who creates a sense of maturity, tenderness and revealing a heart of gold. The police, with dubious tactics and attitudes, make you doubt how to span when he is willing to do all that is required to get the job done. There are many interesting moments of moral questioning how anti-heroic strategies are adopted. You ask what makes a man and what creates an animal, and if we tend to change sides depending on the circumstances - we have the dark inner stroke in all of us that transforms from man to dog and dog to man ? Dog Bite Dog handles you from the start and never lets go to the end, though there are points in the middle of the road that seemed to pull, especially at its tender moments, and it also failed to know when to end. If I were to choose a favorite scene, then it should be in the food center market - extremely well controlled and delivered, an exciting edge of your seat moment. Also, listen to musical scores and you do not dream of hearing dogs. Recommended, especially if you think you've seen almost everything from the cop thriller genre.
