Despite being completely removed from my expectations, I was thoroughly impressed by Dog Bite Dog. I rented it without knowing much about it, but I expected it to be a martial arts / action movie in the traditional Hong Kong tradition of action, of which I am a devoted fan. I ended up getting something completely different, which is not a bad thing at all. While the film can be classified as such and there are certainly some good actions and hand in hand combat scenes in the movie, it is definitely not the primary focus. Its characters are infinitely more important to the film than its battles, a rather unusual thing in many Hong Kong action films. I was really amazed at the intricate characters and character of the movie. The protagonist, like Edison Chen (who is really very good), becomes infinitely more complex at the end of the movie than I ever thought he would be after seeing the first thirty minutes. Police signs also thoroughly believed my expectations. In fact, the strong and honest portrayal of the rarely seen dark side of the police might be my preferred aspect of the movie. I do not know that I would say Dog Bite, however, completely undermines typical notions of bad criminal, good policeman, but it certainly distorts them in ways that are not often seen in movies (unfortunately). So many movies, especially Hong Kong action movies I find, show the police what is honestly an infinitely idealized light. This is one of my least favorite things about the genre. I was pleasantly surprised to see that dog bites dog actually had some very unique and really pretty brave ideas to present about the police force. There are negotiation scenes in this movie, which I have never seen before, and doubt that I will ever see again and I am sure I will remember for a while. The criminal figures are also shown from an interesting perspective. There are some documentaries in the film of Cambodian boys who are not older than ten, who are made to fight each other to death with their bare hands, which I thought was one of the most powerful and moving moments in the film. It says a lot about why these guys are the way they are, rather than just condemning them. Also the relationship between Chen's character and the girl he meets in the scrap yard reveals a lot about his character. It was not until this item came into the movie that I really started to see the movie as an emotional experience rather than just a visceral one. There is something about most on-screen relationships that don't really come through to me, but for some reason this really did. The actor does an incredible job with this role, which I imagine was not easy to play. Dog Bite Dog also has some really breathtaking filmography, although unfortunately it is rather uneven. There were some moments that I found really striking, especially in the film's last segment, but there were also quite a few camera work that were just OK. Another small problem I had was with the pacing, which I also felt was uneven. I found many of the "looking for a boat" scenes to be a little stranger, even though it quickly picks up. The action scenes are short and not too abundant, but are really powerful and effective, especially towards the end. Combat choreography is honestly not as impressive for the most part, though solid and fairly realistic, but true strength is the emotional content behind the battles. The final scene, but not a marvel of martial arts or combat choreography, is one of the most powerful final battles I've ever seen, and I've seen a lot of martial arts movies. <br /> <br /> I suppose the biggest deciding factor in getting much out of Dog Bite Dog is whether or not you can connect the characters. Everyone is certainly some of the more flawed characters one is likely to see in a movie of any kind, but there was something very human about them all that I could not be attracted to and really feel for them, especially Chen's girlfriend. I have to say that I doubt that most will like the movie as much as I did simply because I imagine most people will not like or care about the characters in the same way, but I still highly recommend it the same. It's really a profound and effective movie if you give it a try.
