I have to be right up - I haven't seen a movie as solid as DOG BITE DOG for a while. I am a big fan of "old school" late 80s to mid-90s era CATIII movies, and I had heard that "style" of movies makes a bit of a return with movies like this and Herman Yau's GONG TAU (which I haven't seen yet ...) so I was very interested in giving some of these recent wave CATIII movies a shot. Did this movie live up to my expectations? Absolutely - but not quite the way I imagined. The story follows a young, animalistic, resourceful, and almost unstoppable Thai hitman with a somewhat vague story coming to Hong Kong to complete a "mission". Because of some, he is quickly identified by a roguish copy (which exudes many of the same qualities as our hitman) and is quickly arrested and captured. However, this condition does not last long as the non-named assailant escapes from his prisoners and quickly shows the local police that he should not be taken lightly. The hunt is on, and a cat-and-mouse game between the police and the "mad dog" (which the police refers to him) follows. Along the way, Mad Dog is unintentionally conscious of a slow young woman, and there is a bond between the two when she helps him out of a sticky situation. The duck continues to be called up as Mad Dog's only goal is to get out of Hong Kong and back to Thailand in any way necessary, and the police continue to try to roll him alive ... I could probably write ten paragraphs this complex and thoroughly layered movie, but I don't want to give away too much. I saw DOG BITE DOG nothing about the premise, and I think it is the type of movie that is definitely appreciated that way. As for comparisons with the older CATIII films ... there are some similarities. DOG BITE DOG has some hyper-violent moments reminiscent of the good ol-days, but is never quite as cute or ugly as old-school classics like THE UNTOLD STORY or RED TO KILL. How many of the older CATIII films' primary intent was to "shock" - DOG BITE DOG is a much more thoughtful and well-rounded production (although it is not taking anything away from the CATIII movies I love so much ...). . This movie is far more "emotional" than it is exhaustive, and as we learn more about the characters and their backgrounds, the audience begins to bind and identify with both sides. There are really no clear "good" and "bad" guys, as Mad Dog shows moments of extreme compassion, and the police bow to extremely unorthodox methods of trying to stifle the killer. There is also no nudity / sex in this film, which is a typical feature of the older CATIII films. Personally I would compare DOG BITE DOG more to Parks SYMPATHY FOR MR. VENGEANCE or maybe Pang brother's BANGKOK DANGEROUS, as both films blended extremely emotional overtones with strong and eerie action and violence. Again - there's virtually nothing I didn't like about this movie. The play is dead, the cinematography is sharp and well finished, and the whole movie successfully blends several different elements successfully in a way that is not very often seen. Is this movie (and others like that ...) "rebirth" of the CATIII movie - not exactly - but it's a very solid movie that is definitely worth checking out ... 9/10
