The people who are familiar with Asian cinema are generally aware that Japan is known or notorious, for it is hyper-violent films, and Korea now gives a reputation for evil brutal movies. Dog Bites Dog, while not necessarily as violent as the craziest Miike movie, nor is it as inappropriate as some of Korea's more ambitious efforts, it is a perfect time with its own brutal bread, all it's own. The greatest strength of this film, however, is that, as the biggest of the Japanese or Korean efforts, the brutality, rather than degrading the film, actually develops the characters, if not, pushes the story forward. The two main characters are both incredibly vicious individuals with their own motivations and emotional base to be as such. For example, Sam Lee's character is on the edge from the start and slowly and surely, between different encounters with Chang's character, it is revealed why he is. Without spoiling this part of the story too much, it involves its father's moral ambiguous character. Chang's character, by contrast, has his most primary instincts encouraged, if not perfection, brutal effectiveness. Surprisingly, Chang's history arc, while not necessarily revealing a more human side, actually shows a side to our animal species, which many forget, which is the natural ability to recognize an animal (and no I do not speak of Sam Lee, rather Pei) Pei's garbage bin character). In the end, however, for the first 80 minutes, one or more even cats and mice or Dog Chase Dog movies, where each meeting ends in at least one death (seriously, when Sam Lee and Chang Square off, some will die) and the one funny part of movies you never know who hands will commit the action. It brings us to the film's one weakness. Unforunatley to dive into it would be another spoiler, but to put it simply it is the fault of pushing one of the main points of the movie, as it rather than letting the point is made that is 80 minutes in the movie, the film goes on for further 20 minutes or so to further emphasize it. Don't make me wrong if the transition is better from 80 minutes to climax and if the final action was not filled with sweet music (in fact, if the majority of the movie kept the music to the minimum and let the disturbing sound effects do their job ), it could still have worked and did not degrade the film. As it is, despite the third act of having the most vicious and bloody of the meetings, it was handled so that it felt dressed and almost insulted the viewers intelligence, as it felt that it had to go so far to get through. Nevertheless, it is still a fresh fresh air from the Hong Kong cinema, as even the most bloody of martial arts films never reaches the level of malice and brutality, while keeping the tokens in line.
