WOW. If you think a movie can't be tired in one way or another, then you haven't seen Dog Bite Dog. This movie does not pull, and it is not shy of showing very disturbing images at all. As Salo, this shows us the dehumanization of the human spirit. It's cruel, dark, depressing and hopeless, but it's also one of the best movies ever to come out of Hong Kong. The scripture is much more similar, but don't keep thinking it's incredibly cliché. It's basically a worrying and obsessive detective in a cat and mouse game against a professional and emotional hitman. While the script does not provide anything new on the surface, it raises many questions about the dark side of humanity. Is violence really necessary? Are we becoming more or less human when we abuse a 5 year old child without pity, without regret? On the other hand, we humans do not seem less than healthy dogs when we are blind by anger, it is a sad truth. It's a topic that the director brilliantly explores without limiting himself. Besides the cat and the mouse hunting, the script also develops two separate listings for the main characters. One is about love, and the other is about redemption. Although the manuscript is not so new, it is still wonderfully written and it always keeps you chained to the seat. <br /> <br /> The action is really really good. Edison Chen as Hit-Man is incredible; He proves that he is not just a beautiful face. He is ruthless, silly and more indifferent. Sam Lee as the occupied cop is also excellent. In short, the supporting casting is excellent. The music is also worth mentioning. Very poorly scored by Ben Cheung, with some effective light heart songs played on important dark moments in the movie. The camera from Yuen Man is also really good. <br /> Overall, this CATIII film is highly recommended. Very good paced, incredibly acted, wonderfully scored and just really good at the end of it all. But as many have pointed out, this is not a movie for everyone. If you do not like strong violence, you should stay away from it. If you don't like to see heavy negativity in movies, then it's not for you as well. Finally, a powerhouse movie, 8/10.
