It is remarkable and quite commendable how writers and directors continue to make amazing movies out of one of the oldest and most (over) used stories in the cinema! "Dog Bite Dog" is basically not much more than just the simple story of a lonely copper that obsessively chases a brilliant criminal, only Pou-Soi Cheang distinguishes his film from the rest by being extremely violent and relentless. This is undoubtedly one of the grittiest and most uncompromising movies I have ever seen, with an atmosphere of constant nihilism and characters that seem to come straight out of hell! Not even the installments of Chan-Wook Park's revenge trilogy (except for "Oldboy", perhaps) or any other infamous Cat-III movie ever released were as sadistic and brutal as some of the events depicted in "Dog Bite Dog" . Pang is a young and ruthless Cambodian assassin who lands in the busy streets of Hong Kong to remove wife from a prominent judge in a restaurant. When the police arrive at the place, young officer Wai sees how Pang quickly escapes from the crime scene and follows him. The first actual confrontation between the two healthy dogs results in a gigantic carnage, as Pang relentlessly kills more hostages and even Wai's long friend and colleague. From then on, an exciting and action-packed cat and mouse game begins between the frustrated policeman and the professional killer. The latter also saves a young girl from her father's constant sexual assault and remains with her at her shed in the local garbage. What makes this routine action / thriller so fascinating (apart from the explicit violence) is the backgrounds of the protagonists! Pang, the hit man, is a Cambodian orphan and has been trained to fight and kill for money ever since he was a child. He knows no limitations, has no mercy and barely speaks a word. Wai, the policeman, became particularly ruthless and unorthodox ever since his role-model father (also a policeman) is in a coma after a drug-related incident. Lai does not question suspects and witnesses; He shouts at them and he is willing to sacrifice everything to stop his brand new nemesis. People with weak stomachs or intertwined nerves are advised to stay away from this film because the cruelty and shock of "Dog Bite Dog" can easily cause nausea. It is not the type of violence in which bloody heads and carved limbs fly through the air, but more like the intense and utterly disturbing type, where people try to crush their opponents mentally as well as physically. The movie sites are effectively dark and eerie, and the extremely sober music makes the already harrowing tone in the movie even more disturbing. The performance is amazing! I wouldn't be surprised if Edison Chen and Sam Lee treated each other as enemies on the movie set too, because their on-screen hate and disgust feels legitimate. "Dog Bite Dog" is a powerful and unforgettable movie, highly recommended if you can stomach it. If you're afraid you can't, just wait a few years for the inevitable American remake, which will undoubtedly soften the premise.
