Most reviews say this is the weakest point in Hamilton's short film career. This movie is a little different from the rest, and considering it's the best or the worst, depending on what you expect from a movie and what you expect from Hamilton. <br /> <br /> Knowing Hamilton as a photographer, you may be a little surprised. While Bilitis resembles his books in a movement with all the young girls who discover themselves and the relationship with each other on the edge of lesbian, with a plot linking these scenes, Laura concentrates on few characters that allow develop relationships between them (male, artist model), but even though we see beautiful pictures, many of them better than average, their number is reduced for the sake of the plot. Tendre's cousines are different from both, it is only Hamilton's movie that looks more like a movie than a collection of moving photos. Because of that, it may be acceptable for wider audiences than Hamilton's fans, resembling an erotic comedy (but not German soft-core type - "Schulmädchen report" fans would be very disappointed). You won't laugh much, but you can smile (and that's something you don't often come from Hamilton). Unlike any other Hamilton movie, the age of women varies. Unlike other films, the main character is a boy. Unlike his usual works, this is not out of place and out of time. We have characters who live their lives, have their destiny, and lead us not only from one picture to another, from a naked girl to another. Unfortunately, Hamilton (again) goes lost with a script in his hands. Girls on beaches, under baths, in bright rooms, in gardens, under tents, in front of mirrors, regardless of the amount of clothes - it's his area he can shoot minutes and hours, and what he always feels the artist's eye and hand behind the. But when he has to present our average daily life, he stops becoming Hamilton and becomes average director, who just follows the script. Hamilton is best known for his nudes, but they are just part of his work. And in Tendres cousins ​​we have a reverse situation: his girls are not in the best shot. Nature, garden and house remind us of Hamilton's work (often neglected part of it), while girls, even when naked, have nothing special in the way he presents us. Perhaps Hamilton was confused with a boy in front of the camera, maybe he was thinking of a line that censorship would accept, perhaps he really tried to do something new (and no one dared tell him he shouldn't) but he neglected what he was most praised for.
