I like David Hamilton's artistic photographs of nude women at the border of femininity, sometimes erotic, but never pornographic. Someone else liked them too, because my David Hamilton books were stolen. In a book, a few pictures of a young boy, of course naked, were seen intimate with a young woman older than he, also naked. Even discreetly there was strong sexual connotation. New territory for David Hamilton, which turned out to be either stills from the movie Tendres Cousines or perhaps pictures taken on the set. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the art of still photography does not automatically tell filmography. Soft focus becomes out of focus and discrete angles become confusing, perhaps because they cannot be considered in motion. You can either see it or miss it and there is no time to observe to understand. The movie has to be a farce, and funny things happen, but it "does not coincide", perhaps because the story is developing so slowly, and you can just wonder what happens. Eventually, the 14-year-old Julien has intercourse with his cousin, but it's soft core, with no genital contact displayed on the camera. As it is a farce, we have a disappointing virgin and an embarrassing trapped in the action, and after catching them, Julian's father even gives a cigarette to complete the experience. In fairness, the film is in French and is consistent with French film forms, which may just be too subtle for most Americans themselves with English subtitles to help us with Phillistines. <br /> <br /> It has been suggested that this movie is child pornography, and it is certainly the result of today's climate where child sexual exploitation is a serious problem. No one in their right mind wants to join or appear to support sexual abuse of children, so there is virtually no room for children to be seen even in the mildest erotic context without immediately activating alarms over sexual violence and exploitation. Guys will think "Lucky Julien!" even when they agree that sex and children in the movies are a "bad thing" that constantly wants them to have been Julien at that age. Women may also have similar thoughts, but all such considerations must be pushed out of one's conscious mind. Hysterically, the worst assumptions have become automatic, and questions about children and sex are carefully avoided. Sin, as sexual awakening is a real human experience. Wait for everyone, children grow up and become sexual beings like Julien does. It is a suitable literary topic, including cinema, but taboo under threat of sexual violence against children. David Hamilton thinks I took a risk of making a movie on this topic even in 1980. He was a little successful in exploring this sensitive issue and unfortunately we are not likely to look better in the near future for fear of child pornography label.
