This was a very entertaining movie, and I really enjoyed it, I don't usually rent movies like these (ie indie flicks). However, I was attracted to the movie because it had an incredible cast that included Jamie Kennedy, whom I have loved since the Scream trilogy. The film director took a risk (and it is a risky risk) to tell the lives of many (and I mean many) different people and to mix each other at different intervals. Taking that risk was a good idea because it's the end result is an extremely good movie. <br /> <br /> The movie has a few main characters; Dwight (Jamie Kennedy) - An Unhappy Writer whose relationship with his girlfriend is on the rocks because of an argument. Wallace Gregory (John Carroll Lynch) - an aircraft loader / technician who has a love for all living things (except perhaps masters) and who, despite his good heart, has an increasing disadvantage. Cyr (Brian Cox) - owner of a Chinese restaurant / donut shop who is a germaphobe and because of his fear of bacteria places his assistant / cook Sung - (Alexis Cruz) under pressure to keep up with his phobia. Ernie - (Christopher Bauer) is married to Olive - (Christina Kirk), whom he is convinced to try; Stop him having fun, looking ridiculous, going insane and not living a normal life. They begin to have petty and almost crazy arguments, and Olive seriously begins to doubt Ernie. Gordon - (Grant Heslov) is a man whose life does not go very well when the bad things begin to be added to his life, he decides to take it by hand. Mitchel - (Jon Huertas) is convinced that Gwen - (Alexandra Westcourt) is the boys' girl and that they are destined for each other, even though she is more skeptical. He tries to venture her every chance he gets and he makes certain attempts! Johnston - (Michael Hitchcock) has just been fired from his job and has doubts about his role as a provider, he takes another job that he just isn't fit for. His wife Annelle - (Arabella Field) is comforting through his job loss experience until she learns that Johnston wasn't quite the loving man she thought he was. <br /> <br /> All in all, I definitely suggest this movie! <br /> <br /> -Erica
