The only reason I give this a 9 is that the other children's actors who played Tadashi's plagues were not up to the job. I suppose they were just kids that happened to be the right age and handy, but they weren't well trained and their scenes were a minor annoyance. <br /> <br /> I am not saying this by US standards because it is full of ambiguities and the kind of equivalents that Japanese culture readily embraces and is not seen in the moral hatred / white hat moral constraints of American children film is routinely exposed. For example, there is an extremely fun moment when Tadashi's little band of yokai companions find themselves shunned and abandoned by the other yokai, and Shojo - the infinite Kirin herald - does what many a stressed Japanese adult would do. Tip: this would not happen in a Disney movie. This image also has the best product placement for beer you will ever see in a children's movie. <br /> <br /> Initially, there is a moment when a school teacher tastes a few villains upside down with his attendance book. There was a TV commercial in Japan a few years before this movie came out. It was a stop-motion laughing animation about a child who is depressed and plays guitar and sings the blues in his room. His mother shouts at him from below to shut up. Then someone gives him a candy bar and he screams and sings a happy melody, but his mother comes in and tells him to stop and gives him a hard blow that leaves a forehead in his forehead. I mention this commercial because it was considered fun and I heard no objection to it while I was there. There is much more bloodshed and physical cruelty on the screen in "The Great Yokai War" than one would find in a Disney movie. As a parent, if it was an American movie, I would be in arms about such things, but not necessarily the moral lessons that were drawn at the end of the picture, which of course are not black and white either. As it is a Japanese film, I accept that these cultural norms allow images that would not pass standards and practice police in an American production. However, I would probably be a little uneasy and take young children to watch it without giving them some sort of pre-show briefing and / or post-show debriefing about the violence and other colored things, or I'll wait until they're older to show it to them.
