Last night I had the pleasure of watching the movie BUG at the Florida Film Festival and let me say it was a real treat. The executives were there and they did a Q&A afterwards. The movie begins with a young boy who smashes a roach under his foot, a man who is nearby parking, sees his car the young boy smashing it and running to ask the child `why? Why? should he kill the living being? In his hustle and bustle of advising the youth in the way of his way, man loses to pay his parking meter, which starts an entire chain of events involving people who are not at all related to him, some fun, some sad and some ridiculous. This movie has a lot of fun, many! And there are many players you want to recognize. The main actors who were in the movie for me were: Jamie Kennedy (from his comedy shows Jamie Kennedy Experiment, plays a wealth writer, John Carroll Lynch (who plays Drew's cross dressing brother on the Drew Carey show) plays the animal loving guy who just doesn't can get it right, Brian Cox (the original Hannibal Lecter in Manhunter) plays the germaphobic owner of a donut and Chinese food Take Out joint.There is a line where Cox tells his cook to wash some swine blood it is on the pavement by say "clean up that death", which is quite fun, mainly because of Cox's "obsession with bacteria." The funniest moment in the movie comes when a young boy imitates his father, whom he heard earlier in the day screaming "MotherF * ****, while in the classroom Another extremely fun and surrealistic scene is when Trudie Styler (Mrs. Sting reigns) and another actor performs a scene on a cable access program, from the movie, the boy in the plastic bubble. The host of the cable access show is just amazing he is so serious and deadpan and his performance as both the doctor and the boy in the plastic bubble are enthralling. There are many other fine and fun actors and actresses in this movie and have shot it in less than a month with a budget of about $ 1 million. The directors Phil Hay and Matt Manfredi (who are writers in commerce, have written crazy / beautiful and the upcoming Tuxedo starring Jackie Chan) have achieved a film that is great, fun and inviting.
