Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy are the most famous comedy duo in history and deservedly so I'm happy to see some of their movies. Professor Noodle (Lucien Littlefield) is approaching the end of his rejuvenation formula, with the ability to reverse aging after twenty years. Ollie and Stan are the chimney sweeps that are going to do their job, and very soon Ollie will get away from Stan to make mistakes. Ollie goes to the roof to help the other end of the brush at the top of the chimney, but Stan in the living room ends up pushing him back into the ceiling. After breaking an extension, Stan gets a replacement, a loaded gun, from the wall, and of course it burns off the brush. Stan goes up to see, and Ollie, standing on the roof of the front door, falls into the greenhouse. Stan asks if he was hurt, and Ollie only responds to "I have nothing to say." Ollie comes back on the roof, and he and Stan end up in a tug and pull the bias that ends in Ollie falling down and destroying the chimney. Ollie, boring, in the fireplace hit the head of many bricks coming down, and butler Jessup (Sam Adams) is covered in chimney smoke, oh, and Ollie still has nothing to say to Stan. The boys decide to clean up the mess, and when Stan tears the rug with the shovel, Ollie asks, "Can't you do something right" and Stan answers "I have nothing to say", so the shovel is based on the head. When Ollie has a bag for Stan to shovel in ashes, they are distracted by a painting on the wall, and the ashes end up on Ollie's pants, so Stan gets another shovel baskets upside down. Professor Noodle completes his formula and makes a final test of a duck with a drop in a water tank that changes it to a duck. He also shows the boys their success and turns the duck into an egg, and he then suggests using a human subject, that is, his butler. While away, the boys decide to test the formula for themselves, but Ollie ends up being beaten by Stan in the water tank with the whole formula. In the end, what was once Ollie coming out, a monkey, and when Stan asks him to speak, everyone says Ollie ape: "I have nothing to say" and Stan tastes. Filled with wonderful slapsticks and all the classic comedies you could want from a black and white movie, it's an enjoyable movie. Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy were number 7 on the Comedian comedian. Very good!
