This is an unusual Laurel & Hardy comedy with some of a shared personality: sometimes it feels like two films made in different styles spliced ​​into a single card. Fortunately, each part is fun in itself, and the boy's seemingly effortless clowning carries the day and synthesizes the film's heterogeneous elements in an entertaining whole. While I have never heard a fan, DIRTY WORK is called his or her favorite Laurel & Hardy comedy, it is still one that everyone seems to like. <br /> <br /> Our story is set in the home of Professor Noodle, who represents a key element of history: a wildly over-the-top parody of Mad Scientist's scenarios. This marks a rare venture in the sci-fi area of ​​L & H; Abbott & Costello and The Three Stooges beautifully along with crazy doctors far more often than Stan & Ollie. In any case, the professor is obsessed with creating a rejuvenating serum that can make people younger, while his sarcastic butler, Jessup, expresses the viewer's skepticism with rolled eyes and occasionally dry quip. Meanwhile, Stan & Ollie's chimney sweeps discover the professor's home the day he completes his solution. "Their" part of the movie consists of characteristic (but first-time) slapsticks involving the chimney, roof, shovels and a number of unfortunate accidents. If you don't like watching these guys turn up a task then you probably won't like DIRTY WORK, but for the fans of the team, this movie is a party. The highlight comes when Ollie plummeted through the chimney, lands in the fireplace and then pummeled with bricks that fall head-on with maddening rhythmic precision, one by one. I also like the shot of Ollie tumbling out of the roof in a greenhouse; the process work is so slapdash I suppose it was something of an inside joke, the way W.C. Fields' films would have the world's worst rear projection screens. The Slapstick stuff is fun, but it's the angry science motif that makes this movie rude, and two supportive players deserve a tip from the bowler hat: productive character actor Lucien Littlefield is great as a professor, delivering his over-stretched relish and cackling lines glee, while adams are a nail in the less flashy role of jessup butler. As much as Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy were in their prime, it is always worth noting that their supporters in Hal Roach Studio gave their movies a huge boost. So, as a rule, Le Roy made Shield's background music, but DIRTY WORK marks a rare occasion from this period that a Roach comedy does not at all have musical accompaniment to the opening credits. Mood music may have improved the case but regardless; This is an extremely comfortable comedy anyway, and an excellent example of what makes Laurel & Hardy so popular in their day.
