I found this movie for the first time when I was looking for some witch works that Stéphane Rideau had attended, still in an extraordinary ravishment caused by the amazingly beautiful "Les Roseaux sauvages" by André Téchiné in Portuguese. I was looking for similar films, in the upcoming age line. I then found "Presque Rien", a film where director Sébastien Lifshitz puts a nice surprise on us, and he appoints a Cannes festival in 2000. The story is about two guys, the kind of "boy next door", Mathieu (Jérémie Elkaïm) and Cédric (Stéphane Rideau), who meet in the summer holidays. In a country far from where he lives, Mathieu spends days on the beach with his sister. There he meets Cédric, a local, with whom he starts this estival and revealing relationship, much using the sensual and seductive personality that Stéphane Rideau gives his characters (in "Les roseaux sauvages", 6 years younger, he still retains the innocence of the sweet seducer, the witch matures here in experience). Example of steering in the amorous order of the intimate and related description made about a boy who first faces his (ambiguous) sexuality and great love. The first love, in its terrible progression, ecstasy despair. The best of the film is France's best: the eager passion, the warm and agitated rationalism, the brown beauty, the simple and natural acceptance of the families, but not without surprise and first anger. Still, there is the beach, brightness, summer's brightness and simplicity, the fresh breeze, the surge's melody and the expressive eyes of an introvert Elkaïm (hesitant, evil, confused and passionate). The sex is not avoided or exploited, it is treated as it is without exhibition purposes. By virtue of pure talent, this is a drama of exceptional quality without cheap sentimentalism, showing an inevitably true image of two homosexuals in their primary youth as any ordinary person, although with a social fear of rejection and shame. It's worth seeing, especially for those who love French movies (although the DVD front cover is very paralyzed, with the two actors in between tens of stars, smeared with brilliantine). A movie witch, in my opinion, deserves an 8-9!
