I agree that the film is a bit slow in places that have many scenes of everyday life and no dialogue. And I wasn't impressed right after I saw it. But after a few days I realized that the movie stays with me, and it causes a melancholy that suffers in my mind. My appreciation for this movie is rising. It certainly deserves a higher consideration than the movies that can be immediately forgotten. <br /> <br /> As many have commented, the film is nonlinear, and it is a hallmark of European film production as opposed to the linear narrative that Hollywood favors. I don't really know if it's true or not. Many also resemble their confusing structure and lack of clear explanations. For those viewers, I don't think there is much I can say to change their opinions. But for others who have not yet seen the movie, you expect to be challenged and do not expect the movie to deliver all the answers and you can get away and enjoy it more than you would otherwise. <br /> <br /> The movie skips a little, but chronicles only 3 time periods. Pay attention to the hair style and you can easily separate 2 of the 3 periods. It is also not as confusing as suggested; just enjoy, and it will all be ready at the end. <br /> <br /> Yes, many things remain invisible or not shown, and many situations remain unexplored. But isn't that what life is like? Much time you are not sure of the motive of your friends / loved ones unless you confront them and even then, you can never be 100% sure if they told you the whole truth. This type of film forces us to interpret the causes of the actions. However, the film gives enough tips for making reasonable assumptions. For example, Mathieu is manic depressive, for suicide. Why? I do not know, maybe his life will not be as accurate as he expects it; Maybe he misses his family, but has not forgiven his father to give up his sick mother at her times; Perhaps after all, he sacrifices for Cedric, rearranges and actually destroys his life to be with him, he realizes that everything is "coming to an end". I think the director has meant to show us that he has always been a little away, mentality fragile of the scene with the dead bird. Maybe he has a very sensitive psyche, and all these loads take a toll on him. But we are also shown that he is no animal that tortures psycho by his loving interaction with the evil cat. There is also a conversation between the doctor and Cedric, shedding light on the cause behind the break and perhaps the suicide attempt. The doctor asks him if everything's okay, and Cedric thinks he's cheated on Mathieu, but that's nothing, according to Cedric. Is it the only reason we do not know there are enough others all mixed together. Is it crucial that we know exactly what they are? I don't think so for this movie. Another sign that they are ultimately incompatible is the historical ruin scene. Mathieu is interested in studying the ruins, Cedric is not. He is the one with the raging hormone that focuses only on the physical side without an intellectual side that Mathieu naturally needs. Finally, the end is really pretty hope and sweet. I was pleasantly surprised at the event after the gloomy tone that edged towards the end. <br /> <br /> I have two complaints to the DVD. One is the sound. It is very soft. I had to increase the volume to hear the dialogue and when it switched to a bar or outdoor crowd scene, it became too loud. The other is that the subtitles cannot be turned off; they stay on the screen. Most foreign movie DVDs that are not released by a large studio are scary in this way.
