First love is a desperate difficult issue to convince in the cinema: The all-encompassing passion involved generally ends up as a pale imitation or, worse, a little ridiculous. <br /> <br /> Lifshitz manages to avoid all pitfalls and delivers a moving, sexy and thoroughly exciting tale of love, disaster, and possible redemption while tangentially touching on some of the deeper themes of human existence. The core is of Mathieu, 18, a lonely, introvert boy who meets Cédric, brasher, more outgoing, but equally lonely while on vacation with his family. As the summer warms up, they fall in love, and when the holiday ends, they decide to live together. A year later, the relationship ends in disaster: Cédric cheats on Mathieu, who, distraught, tries to take his own life. He survives, and to get perspective back on his life he returns to the seaside resort where they first met, this time hung in the winter's chill. <br /> <br /> If the story was told as such, it would never have the influence it does: much of it is implied, everything does not happen in sequence. <br /> <br /> The intricate narrative is crucial to gaining a deeper sense of the passions experienced by using counterpoint and temporal perspective. Fortunately, the three timelines used (the summer of love, the suicide psychiatric hospital and the winter of reconstruction) are colored coded: hot yellow and oranges in the summer, an almost scary chill blue for hospital scenes and warming brown and blues to the winter shore. However, both major players have excellent performances, although it is a pleasure to see that Stéphane Rideau (Cédric) used his full capacity (I am more accustomed to seeing him under Jérémie Elkaim (Mathieu) to be designated special mention: You can feel his loneliness, then his almost unbelievable passion, and his character crumbling behind an aphasia's wall. Beautifully crafted movements come across far more than the dialogue could ever have. : our difficulty in really understanding what another feels; our difficulty in fully communicating the changing truths of meaning The title of the movie "Presque rien" points to all these and to one of the key scenes in the movie: To Try Understanding why Mathieu tried to kill himself, asks a psychiatrist Cédric whether he had ever cheated on him "Not even one's time, but it is nothing. Cédric still loves Mathieu ?? he led him to the hospital during the suicide attempt (none of which we see) and desperately tries to contact him again when he leaves ?? but cannot understand that he has lost him forever, because something that did not seem to him (a meaningless affair) is all for Mathieu. <br /> <br /> While the movie is darker than the rather unfortunate Pierre et Gilles poster would suggest, it's not without hope: we'll see Cédrics slow and painful attempts to get in touch with life, first through a cat he adopts, then through work in a local bar and finally contact with Pierre, who may be his next love. But here the story ends: A teenage passion, within the year, another perhaps beginning. So what was that? Almost nothing? Certainly not when you live it ??
