'Presque Rien' is a former work by the extremely gifted writer / director Sébastien Lifshitz (collaborating with author Stéphane Bouquet - the team that gave us the later 'Wild Side'). When we come to understand Lifshitz's storytelling, his works become more taxable. By letting his commandments and sensitive love stories unfold in the same random way found in confused and insecure youth's thoughts - the time now, time passed, the time reflective, the imagined time, the time alone - Lifshitz makes his stories more personal and involves the viewer with all aspects of the characters' answers. It takes a little work to key in his method, but with his technique we draw deep into the film. <br /> <br /> Mathieu (beautiful and gifted Jérémie Elkaïm) visits the sea for a vacation, a time to allow her mother (Dominique Reymond) to fight with her indeterminate illness, watched by the world-renowned and wise Annick (Marie Matheron) and accompanied by her sister Sarah (Laetitia Legrix): their distant father has remained at home for business reasons. Weaving in and out of the movie's first moments are pictures of Mathieu alone, looking depressed, running trains, talking to someone in a small recorder. We leave ourselves to wonder whether the unfolding act is all memory or contemporary actions. <br /> <br /> As you sunbathe on the beach, Mathieu discovers a beautiful youth that his age stares at him and we can feel Mathieu's feelings gloomy with confusion. Young Cédric (Stéphane Rideau) follows Mathieu and his sister home, continues the mystery of attraction. Soon, Cédric Mathieu approaches, and a careful introduction leads to a kiss that begins a passionate love occupation. Mathieu is frightened by the direction he takes, avoids Cédric's public approaches, but continues to seek him for shipments. The two young men are fully in the love of love and the adoption of the physical aspect of this relationship, so much needed to understand this story, is shared with the audience in some very erotic and sensual scenes. Yet, as the summer carries on Mathieu, a committed student, he realizes that Cédric is a driver working in a spice on the carnival. It turns out that Cédric is the Dionysian partner, while Mathieu is the apollonian: in a narrative time in architectural ruin, Mathieu is excited by the beauty of history and space, while Cédric is only interested as a new hideaway of love. <br /> <br /> Mathieu is a complex person who handles his family ties, strained by critical illness and a non-existent father, a fear of his burgeoning sexuality and his passion for Cédric. Their moments of joy are disturbed by Cédric's admission of adultery and Mathieu's inability to cope with that problem, and eventually they share pathways. Time passes, family changes are made, and Mathieu goes into depression, including a suicide attempt. The way Mathieu handles all these challenges and finds comfort in one of Cédric's former boyfriends Pierre (Nils Ohlund), brings the film to an ambiguous yet successful climax. <br /> <br /> Having seen the movie's sense of identification with these characters is so strong that the desire to start the movie from the beginning now with the knowledge of the complete story is powerful. Lifshitz has given us a film of meditation with passion, conflicts with the powers of passion, who are in love with love and a silent film of postures and reveries that are incomparably beautiful. The whole cast is amazing and the direction is gentle and provocative. Lifshitz is definitely one of the bright lights in film making. In French with English subtitles. Highly recommended. Grady Harp
