"Come Undone" seems to induce many opinions among contributors to this forum. Granted, it's a movie that promises to take on homosexual life that most viewers expect and somehow comes away from the promise in an introvert view of a young man's soul. The film has a way to stay with us even when it is finished. It is a character study of how a young man gets involved in a love affair with a person so much different from him who will eventually leave Mathieu confused, hurt and depressed when things do not go after what he hoped for the relationship would be. <br /> <br /> If you haven't seen the movie, you might want to stop reading. <br /> <br /> Sebastien Lifshitz, the film director, has told his story from Mathieu's point of view. Most viewers seem to be disoriented by the different times within the movie, but there are hints that are not obvious as you can see in retrospect. The story is told in flashbacks that can add to how some people will watch the movie. This is a story about the convicted, the love Mathieu felt for Cedric and the ultimate collapse of their lives together. First of all, Cedric, the beautiful young local, pursues Mathieu until he succeeds in convincing him like him Mathieu also feels attractive to Cedric. We realize how different both young men are, as Cedric tells Mathies family how he feels school is not for him. On the other hand, Mathieu, who wants to be an architect, finds beauty in the left place where Cedric has taken him. We see, as Mathieu reads from the guidebook, will have Cedric's attention. <br /> <br /> When Mathieu comes out to her mother, she wisely tells you the importance of continuing her career. She also points out what future they both would have together, which turns out to be true. Mathieu seems to have learned his lesson, the hard way. He continues with an uncertain life with Cedric and tries to take his own life. We see him in the hospital and speak to a psychiatrist who has treated his wounded soul. The end may be confusing to most viewers, but there is a moment in the movie when Mathieu goes to work in a bar where we see him washing glasses and looks gently at Pierre, the young man who frequent the bar. Therefore, Mathieu seems to be hard to imagine when Mathieu leads Pierre after his house. Yet we have seen the way Mathieu is naturally interested in Pierre. The last scene on the beach, when Pierre and Mathieu are seen walking in the sand, has a hopeful sign that things get better between them when they see a young boy, apparently lost, but then understands the father nearby. <Br /> <br /> Jeremie Elkaim makes Mathieu one of the most complex characters in recent films. This is a young man who is hard to understand at a simple level. Mathieu suffered a lot, first with the separation of his parents, then with his depressed mother and losing Cedric. Stephan Rideau, who has been seen on other important French films, is as good as the low Cedric. <br /> <br /> While "Come Undone" will share opinions, the movie deserves a show because of the complexity and care Sebastien Lifshitz gives to the story.
