What a wonderfully wonderful thing if it is sometimes small and bulky, great budget imagination, it is. Takashi Miike had already proven when he came to The Great Yokhai War that he could dip into other films except for his supposed niche of the crime / yakuza genre (Visitor Q and Andromedia showed this, the former major latter less). But here, Miike, in his first and only screen credit, no less shows that he can deliver the goods on a postmodern soup of mythical fantasy conventions, and with the boat load of CGI, creativity and make-up, and an epic battle, there is more like a "festival" than anything out of the Lord of the Rings. The comparisons can be made far and wide to be sure, and the most obvious thing to do would be Miyazaki, for the seemingly unique blend of children as big-time, power-hungry wizards who seek the earth's energy as the main source, machines as the greatest evil and many bizarre defined flamboyant designed creatures (or Yokai of the title). But it can also be compared to Star Wars, especially to the Gungan struggle in the TPM, and to whole power games between good and evil with similar forces. Or to anime like Samurai 7. Or, of course, to Henson's film. And through all these comparisons, and even through the mistakes or the outrageous moments, it is Miike all the way with feelings of effects and characters. <br /> <br /> Here, Ryunosuke plays Kamiki Tadashi, the prototypical child who begins to be kind of lovable and sensitive to things in the world, but becomes the hero of a dark world. The darkness is from a wicked wizard who gets his energy from all the rage and miserable vibes in the human world and also begins to kill the spirits and other beings, Yokhai, in a fire that sends them into giant robots that only have a mission - to destroy and kill everything in their paths. Tadashi is being pumped up to fight the Sato wizard as Yokai, when Sato's biggest minion and cohort, Agi (Kill Bill's Chiaki Kuriyama, another great villain) steals Tadashi's little freaky companion, a Sunekosuri. Soon things come to mind, in a climax that remembers many other fantasy films and stories, but can only be kept by Miike and his crew. I would probably recommend The Great Yokai War for Children, but in the forward note that it is not an emigrated fantasy in American circles. This has creatures to a large extent, including a one-piece umbrella stand and a wandering talking wall, not to mention a turtle, a fire hose and a woman who was cursed by Sato. So the variety is high on the end, and you can almost feel like creatures and effects - which grow to incredible levels when "festival" hits with Yokai reaches hundreds of kilometers. But there is also a sense of imagination that is strong in both light and dark, and Sunekosuri may become the greatest emotional tool at Miike's disposal (and not just because it is the fate of the square); where else to get an audience riled up than over a little furry ball of rage that ends in a tragic battle with Tadashi in robotic form? <br /> <br /> But all this is the feeling of anarchy found in Miike's brightest places, even here, which sets it apart from his animated, Muppet and sci-fi counterparts. There is the bizarre humor as usual, including a song dedicated to Akuzi prayers at a crucial time in the climax, and more than a few planes in fancy with creatures and battle scenes (for example, I loved the guy with the big blue head who will make it smaller , or the anxious turtle-Yokai). The biggest danger with Miike's access to major special effects and computer wizardry that he flirts with is overkill at this end. He has everything down I'm sure with storyboards, and he creates some memorable impressions with some compositions (one of which is when all is said and done, and Tadashi and "other" human character are in the middle of Tokyo rubble in an overhead shot), but CGI is sometimes a bit convincing with the robots, and the interaction also becomes too flamboyant, and some pictures that the Yokai overlay spread the word about the big festival on the map just seem faint and pat. Miike could dip into (bad) Spy Kids territory, frankly. <br /> <br /> But this responsibility aside gives The Great Yokai War more than a thrill of excitement, creeping excitement and innocent melodrama that came with many of the best childhood fantasies. It owes much to making the cinema, as well as traditional Japanese folklore, but the screws always turn themselves into their most ridiculous and arousing confusing beats. It is not the filmmaker at his very best, but working in attempts at a commercial medium ends up working to his advantage. It has a beautiful little message and lots of cool adventures. 7.5 / 10
