Many people are hanged on this movie tag as a "children's movie" and that it certainly is, although it is one made for adults. Takashi Miike uses the fantasy genre, especially the children's fantasy genre, as a stepping stone into the wild area that is the great Yokai war. <br /> <br /> The setup is simple a boy is chosen to play the "stag" in this year's annual festival it is only more to discover his role than he could have imagined. What follows is a hallucinatory, grotesque, moody, and often fun journey through the Japanese folklore world, but wait there is also an evil Villain to lose who wants to destroy the world. But the villain here is not a single demon, it is the demon spirit of the accumulated anger of the things people "use" and "treasurer". Using a chamber made of pure liquid hat / anger, the villain transforms the vibrant colorful Yokai spirits into soulless ten foot tall makeshift robots, like chainsaws for arms and eyes like burning bullets (those who have played video games, Sonic The Hedghog, Remember one particular Dr. Robotnik performed similar procedures to the sweet and cozy that Sonic would "free". In fact, the hero of this movie is the least interesting character that mainly plays the equal man in a world suddenly went mad. Though he goes through the typical heroic attempts, he fights more often than not, just as many of Yokiane himself, who seem completely defenseless against the murderous robots, some spirits are umbrellas with eyes, talking walls or creatures whose soul purpose in life is counting prayers. .. of course in this magical world of Miike's Yokai wars, even prayers take a magical force when you believe in them. In several ways, this film undermines the normal conventions of children's imagination, so few if any of the characters are heroic, their victory is a combination of coincidence, almost arbitrary belief, and a desire to party. The Yokai spirits only gather together and hide the villains hidden after they fail the end of the world invasion of the earth for a great Yokai festival, and even just to dance and party. Finally, the film does not end with the usual festive everyone's good, which goes well with the imagination, but with a final scene showing our whole year older, with an adult job that now cannot see his youth's Yokai spirit, who so desperately turns The villain, who is a spirit, can never really die. This end, with the Yokai spirit, the spitting image of Pokemon's Pikachu, warns us not only of leaving our childhood compassion but of the horror of over-consumption. The villain is indignant caused when people no longer have reverence for the world and the objects around them (in Japanese folklore almost every object has some kind of spirit) and when they are used and discarded as we in the consumer society do without reverence they become Fun revenge machines, not unlike those seen in modern video games, suggesting that even though our imagination and myths never die but can be deformed. <br /> <br /> This is one of the first scripts Miike has contributed to, and I think it shows, as there is a tight conceptual that is sometimes swept under the blanket by his exhaustion for visual playfulness. Although I have focused most on the story (since many users here seem to write it off), I would say that it is visually a kaleidescope of CGI, stop animation, costume and live puppet theater that works remarkably well. There is a dreamless quality to much of the movie, and the Miyazaki comparisons are justified, as NeverEnding Story and Labrynth compares, though this movie is sharper and more adult than one. Yokai is beaten, brutalized and transformed into machines of living hate that I think kill some people himself, being a deformed killed calf with a man's face born and dying in the movie's grotesque opening, while a sexual undercurrent, the women with the long neck licking our boy's helmet's face or another character's persistent memory of touching the thigh of a young, gentle water body like a boy, seems to be a little too long for most western tastes, especially when considering this is a "children's movie". But these are small enough to catch adult attention while they are less than enough to not traumatize children to bad. Grims adventures before revisions made much worse, far more often. <br /> <br /> Everything and everything is one of Miike's most accessible and engaging ventures yet, with enough visual drama and good performances (the Yokai spirits have a humanism and an absurd humor to them, it's fun fun at times) to appeal to audiences of all ages and a stable conceptual undercurrent that is strong enough to attract an adult audience who has probably brought their children out of a sense of nostalgia for the far-lost fantasy films of their youth . The latter group film seems to attack the most eager prayers that they not only continue passive consumption of the world around them, but show reverence to those spirits within those who seemed so much closer to reality in childhood. Another beautiful, fun and genuine original movie from an exciting director who has not come close to his top. Instant classic.
