I can't believe it has been ten years since this show was first broadcast on television and delighted viewers with its unique blend of comedy and horror. This is the show that gave birth to a good deal of modern British humor: Terrible's House of Horrible; Garth Marenghi's Darkplace; The mighty Boosh; Snuff Box. Many have mimicked this show's style and I do not deny that some have surpassed their quality. But Jermy Dyson deserves to be remembered for starting the trend with actors Mark Gatiss, Steve Pemberton and Reece Shearsmith. Together they created Royston Vasey, a creepy little town in England's idyllic landscape, where unsuspecting tourists and passers-by come across an obsessive couple who want to keep the city local and free of strangers; where the unemployed are abused and offended in the job center; where a farmer uses real people as scarecrows; where a veterinarian kills all the animals he is trying to cure; where a gypsy circus kidnaps people and where the butcher adds something secret but irresistible to the food to connect people. <br /> <br /> This is just a whiff of what the viewer can find in The League of Gentlemen. In themselves, they give three actors dozens and dozens of unique characters. Makeup and dentures are so good, I actually thought I saw many more actors on the show than there were. But it's also great acting: how they change their voices and their body movement, they really become other people. Most jokes start with something common, from real life and then jump into something disturbing, sometimes gut-wrenching. Sometimes it is pure scarecrow without setup as in Papa Lazarous's character. Imagine a creepy circus owner about make-up barging in someone else's house and kidnapping women to be his wives. No explanation given. It's so scary. Then there are the many referrals to horror movies: Se7en, the Silence of the Lamb, Nosferatu, the Exorcist, etc. <br /> <br /> Fans of horror will love it, the comedy fans will love it. As any traveler comes in, there is a sign saying 'Welcome to Royston Vasey: You will never leave.' Any viewer who gives this chance a chance agrees. When you discover The Gentlemen League, you will never have anything else you will never forget.
