This is probably the best TV show I've ever seen. I first saw Comedy Central several years ago. At that time, I was not aware that it had been edited dramatically and was out of service, and I had just seen all three series in order and unedited (thanks internet and your wonderful "series of tubes") I am so happy because I rediscovered it! I think Comedy Central kind of picked and chose their way through series one and two to make a "season" ...... and I tried to make friends and family see it, but nobody really liked liked it (I need new friends). So alone, I made the best of what I could do. Even when I felt it was slowing a little, I still felt compelled to continue watching. Åre after, when I discovered Little Britain, I recognized Pauline from LoG immediately as having influenced Marjorie in Fat Fighters. I also love the idea of ​​writers performing the whole show .... (not new, but done impeccably here). LB has nothing on LoG! (No offense, Matt & David .... love you)! This is actually a dark comedian genius. Serial killings, implied cannibalism ..... you are called, and it is probably found in this wonderful, unique piece of television art. The location shot from the very first scene even cools and seems to get used to the town of Royston Vasey ..... You will never leave! I think my favorite character should be Tubbs, but every character as a portrait has its own "charm". My least favorite was Papa Lazarous, it was until he re-surfaced in series three (clever and totally unexpected)! It is best to see several episodes in a row as it runs the continuity and, as I said before, becomes so convincing (while rejection) that you really can't stop seeing. This is not for those with weak stomachs, children, conservatives or grandmother (unless you have a crazy grandmother)! I have always loved British television, especially comedies, from Monty Python to Benny Hill, Red Dwarf to keep up the look, absolutely fantastic and British Originals Coupling and Office (but not their American counterparts .... sorry). This is in contrast to any of them in that it completely transforms the line between what is fun and what is just sick and twisted. Nothing, nothing on American television has ever come close to this level of entertainment. US broadcast tv is so sad and paralyzed, I can hardly stand to see any of it. It is a little sad that even our cable channels do not have the courage to display unedited versions of this gem (your loss, Comedy Central). Fortunately, it shows like this that comes from "over the pond" which redeems the entire medium every decade or so. Basic cable here in the US has made small steps over the last couple of years with confidential "crossing lines" with more graphic sexual content, drug use and adult language, but they are still years away from just deciding to be adults to show real life, adult behavior (instead of just killing obsession and blowing things up, sheesh, it's like the same basic display format over the past 35 years)! Don't even get me started on American sitcoms! Waste of time and lots of wasted money ... did you know that "According to Jim" has been in the air for 10 years ??? TEN YEARS?? Anyway ... See this show, get it on DVD, do what you need and then make your friends see it too! You've never seen anything like it. There are three offers that I have not seen yet .... I will save them for spring at my best friend the next time he visits. He wants to see them, even if I have to jerk him and paint him with Excrement! Lines and lines and lines and lines! Note that series three differ from one and two .... the larger city seems to fall away to concentrate on newer characters, the laugh track is gone (thank you bloody hell), the theme is more band and less orchestra and a bit of history takes place outside Royston Vasey. Don't be thrown by any of the things that at the end of the series have preserved the quiet perversity, which was first demonstrated in series one and two. I think these four guys have created something undefined. Brilliant, confident and completely denied. You want to see it again and again. It's amazing that in 5 seconds of screen time, they can go from cheap synagogue to horrible blasphemy, ending with a single actor close-up facial expression. If I ever had to meet any of the authors / artists, I would ask them not to recreate it or try to do it ..... I just want to say "Can I help you at all?" (Then they would probably slam me so I would ask them to sign the battlefield)! 10 out of 10
