This movie is a bit reminiscent of the German film, THE NEVER HISTORY, because a child is magically transported to a foreign country to be a hero. However, due to the very superior modern technology, the puppets and CGI are used to making an incredibly realistic-looking world - one that will blow your socks down because of its realism and scope. I enjoyed this movie, but boy was it a task first! Unfortunately, for most Westerners, this movie is one you can give up very quickly or reject it, as everything in the film seems so strange. But give it a try. Don't think or try to understand everything you see - just let the story unfold, and you'll most likely enjoy the movie. In many ways, this is exactly the kind of advice I had given to adults who see Miyazaki's SPIRITED AWAY because it is very similar and contains tons of Yokai (Japanese mythical spirits). The big differences between the two is that THE GREAT YOKAI WAR is live action and SPIRITED AWAY is much more child-friendly. While I believe the great YOKAI WAR was primarily intended as a children's movie, in the US most parents would not like to show it to younger children because it is so violent, scary and has some adult behavior. So who is the audience in the West? Well, older children and adults who appreciate foreign films with non-Western themes and compositions. This is a fairly narrow audience! <br /> <br /> As you look, look for all the strange little touches. In fact, you can see the movie dozens of times and notice different little things every time. A couple of the fun references I liked were the commentary on Gamera, the scene that came with the comment "KIDS: Don't try this at home" and the use of Kirin beer to let a person actually see Yokai (hmm, ... maybe the scene should have included this warning too! <br /> <br /> By the way, director Takashi Miike is a tough one to pin down stylistically, except to say that none of his stories I've seen have been "normal". Some of his films are quite obnoxious and disturbing, and I hated them (especially AUDITION and ICHI THE KILLER), while some of them are magical and among the best movies I've ever seen (KATAKURIS HAPPY). One thing is for sure that it is difficult to see one of his movies and not have a strong reaction in one way or another.
