Simon Pegg plays a part of Sidney Young, a young entertainment critic who has begun a career writing for a grass root magazine specializing in immersing rich and famous superficiality and superficiality. He makes a career out of lampooning celebrities, though he has a desperate desire to be a celebrity himself. The film is based on Toby Young's very bizarre career, which also ran a small magazine in the UK called Modern Review, which offered a critical criticism of virtually anything imaginable until he closed the magazine in a hail with verbal bullets with his buddy editor, and then went on to a spectacularly unsuccessful career as an author of the Vanity Fair, which is largely the part of his life told in this movie. <br /> <br /> He is first thrilled to work for a larger publication (called Sharp's Magazine in the movie), and despite active nerves, he is positively brilliant on his first day. He meets the editor-in-chief, Clayton Harding (played by Jeff Bridges), who is tough as nails, but who is also exactly the kind of editor he needs to be a goof-off like Young to keep his job on the magazine. He offers little in the form of immediate acceptance by Young, but he also has what can only be described as a liberal tolerance of Young's off-the-wall antics and inappropriate behavior. <br /> <br /> Much of the comedy in the movie is derived from Young's misconception or indifference to the commonly accepted code of public behavior and the peculiar etiquette involved in dealing with the rich and famous. But Sidy's reasoning for acting in such a strange way and for giving outwardly offensive interviews is because he thinks he detests the whole celebrity culture and it seems that he believes in the old word? "If you can't beat them, be with them and then beat them." Complicating questions are two very different women. There is a charming, regular girl on the magazine Alison Olsen (Kirsten Dunst) who is initially appalled by Sidney's obvious arrogance and feminine manner, and a stunning model named Sophie (Megan Fox) representing the celebrity culture. Needless to say, Sidy's endless attack of superficiality and star is a superficial desire for Sophie, one with the appearance of a star. <br /> <br /> Sophie is amazingly beautiful, it's true, but it also comes across because she doesn't have a single thought raging around in her head. Alison is an ordinary girl, not very interesting or attractive, but Dunst's performance makes her a real person. A relationship with her would have the whole reality of a Britney Spears marriage, and yet the film retains some degree of credibility because, despite the obvious, we also feel Sidney's pain in not pursuing her (I felt it anyway). <br /> <br /> H ow losing friends and alienating people has a pretty interesting premise and is full of honest, satisfying beliefs, and although it becomes part of your standard romantic comedy by the third act, it has a series of well-developed and interesting characters. Danny Huston, for example, gives us a good performance as Alison's second love interest that celebrates The Big Lebowski (also with head glasses) along with his ever-present white Russian, one of my personal favorite drinks. Buying Absolut and Kahlua here in China costs the amount of approx. $ 350, but my kitchen is never without them. <br /> <br /> I am looking forward to the day when Simon Pegg will branch out a little because I love his movie, but I'm totally unsure of his reach. He played a serious character in Hot Fuzz, but only serious about the lunacy around him and ultimately went back to being himself again, as he has been in Shaun of the Dead, Run, Fat Boy, Run, and now how to lose friends. He is a rising star, it will be interesting to see what else he can do.
