I really really enjoyed watching this movie! Only when I saw his poster did I think it was just another easy romantic comedy ... but it is simply more than this! Personally, I think that this idea (it's probably a good part of the viewers just before they saw the movie) is another important part of the great concept of this movie itself (or even with its marketing strategy)! What I mean is: Today we are slaves for pictures! For the impression! I went to the cinema to watch this movie with the wrong impression, the wrong expectations, and in the end I felt how superficial I could be! In order to exemplify it, in my opinion, the order near the end comes when Sidney buys the airline ticket to go back to New York and when he is asked to "give an autograph", which means signing the ticket, he thinks just because he came on television thanks to the scandal of the award he is now a kind of celebrity. And that's just what I think, the climax of this main theme that the movies are about. Above this, I think the film also gives us a solution to come along with this, illustrated throughout the movie by Sidney's attitude: don't be too serious about yourself or anyone else ... "even Saints were people in the beginning". .. as Sophie once says in the movie. The immediate saints are the stars. We ascribe to them an "aura" of perfection, of eternal happiness, but reality is much less than that. Even the religious saints are pictures, ideal models of how to behave and how to live your life. Even they weren't too real ... they became 'real' after they died and we looked back at them. And that's the catch: We need our saints! we need our stars! We strive for them as if it were not for them, we would have nothing to strive for. And television and all other media are means of creating and capturing our pursuits. We desperately need benchmarks to measure ourselves. And so we came to the cinema to watch the movie in the first place: to see if we can fit the benchmark or if the benchmark is too small for us. This time it was bigger than we expected.
