UK newspaper reviews seem to have concentrated on the readers' tendency to know Toby Young, the journalist whose real life experiences this movie is based. The key word here is "based". How to lose friends is a fictitious romcom. Sidney Young joins a prestigious New York gossip where he continues to make a gaff before finally getting it right and doing it. This means that he sells out and the film has some serious issues to do about journalistic integrity. However, they are not overdone: the main content remains a comedy centering on Sidney's misadventures. The script has its cake and eats it in that Sidney is a stupid, well-meaning buffoon while being a smart, moderately unpleasant professional. This contradiction is never so much of a problem because Simon Pegg (like Sidney) projects equality for good. <br /> <br /> Jeff Bridges teaches Sidney's editor a bit too effectively, and Kirsten Dunst is pretty anonymous as the conflicting eventual object of Sidney's affections. And with regard to Megan Fox (who plays an airhead bimbo starlet), I can only say This: Just say the word, Miss Fox, and I will leave my wife, sell all my belongings and buy me a plane ticket to take my place on your side as your conscience. Of course, as I am a cool 56-year-old English accountant, you may not find my offer for enticing, but it is still on the table. Considering how short her career has been so far, one might think that it is a little too early for Megan Fox to take a role that relentlessly resembles the kind of actress she might be considered to be: yet she does it sweet with some skill and extremely sexy. This girl will go a long way. <br /> <br /> There is support from a number of spicy artists - Miriam Margolyes and Bill Paterson of the United Kingdom, Gillian Anderson and Danny Huston of the United States. <br /> <br /> There are several laughing moments and I smiled most of the way through. As always, the F-word appears when it really doesn't have to, although at least a few of them are very funny.
