I had been looking forward to losing friends and alienating people for months, especially because Kirsten Dunst and Simon Pegg were the lead roles. Simon Pegg is a comic genius, and Kirsten Dunst has always been my favorite actress. How to lose friends and aliens People hit the spot! Of course not perfect, but very fun and fun. How to Lose Friends and Aliens People follow the lives of Sidney Young, a small, bumbling, British celebrity journalist who is employed by an exclusive New York City magazine. In a spectacular way, Sidney enters the great community and burns bridges with bosses, peers, and superstars. After disturbing a black-tie event by letting a wild pig run wild, Sidney catches the attention of Clayton Harding, editor of Sharp, and accepts a job with the New York City magazine. Clayton warns Sidney that he could better impress and charm everyone he can if he wants to succeed. Instead, Sidney immediately offends and annoys co-author Alison Olsen (Kirsten Dunst). He dares to target star customers to the power publicist Eleanor Johnson (Gillian Anderson). He also disturbs his direct boss Lawrence Maddox (Danny Huston). Sidney finds creative ways to annoy almost everyone. His saving grace, a rising star Sophie Maes (Megan Fox), develops an odd love for him. Over time, Allison's friendship can be the only thing that saves Sydney from its downward spiral career. The story is very interesting and the play was top notch with what the actors got. Simon Pegg is still fun as ever! He makes Sydney bumbling, unpleasant and annoying just as right as it gets, but later in the day, Sydney not only makes a sympathetic but also a genuine character that you throw at the end. Kirsten Dunst and Jeff Bridges were brilliant! Kirsten had some very wonderful plays and fun scenes, and Jeff Bridges is just Jeff F * Cking Bridges! How do you not like him? He makes Clayton a very humorous character with a little humor and generally you just love the guy. Gillian Anderson, Megan Fox, and Danny Huston were great as the supportive cast. Each had their own personality, which was generally rather unlikely, but that was what made the film work. One thing I did not enjoy was how one dimensional some of the characters were. I understand that most were the supporters, but some of the players were underutilized and could have given the movie some more spice for it. How to lose friends and aliens People will never be on anyone's top 10 movies ever or even top 10 comedies ever, but it has a very high level of entertainment and some scenes can even charm you too. How to lose friends and strangers is definitely one of the better romantic comedies of the year! 8.10
