We first looked at this movie as part of a festival of new Argentine films in 2000 at Walter Reade. Although we liked it, we didn't think it was extraordinary. When we see it for a second time, we found another meaning in this view of life in Buenos Aires. <br /> <br /> The movie takes place in one of the darkest days in Argentina when the DeLaRua administration ended. The country was in turmoil for the economy, which flourished earlier in the 1990s under the artificial climate created by President Menen. It was once when bank accounts in dollars were frozen, and people made themselves live a nightmare. The story begins just as Santamarina, a bank employee, is fired by the collapse of the economy. Instead of receiving sympathy from her wife, she is locked out of the apartment, and for all practical purposes he becomes a homeless man. He goes to the street and tries to make ends meet. <br /> <br /> The second story introduces us to Ariel, a young Jew who interviews for a job in a Spanish company. It's almost a miracle he gets the job. His father, Simon, owns a small restaurant in the Jewish Quarter "El Once" in the center of town. Things go from bad to worse when Ariel's mother dies suddenly. Only Estela, the young woman in love with Ariel, will help father and son. Santamarina, a pure man, has to resort to taking a shower everywhere he can. He chooses a women's room in one of the metro stations. When the companion Elsa finds him naked, she gets furious, but she comes to her senses when she realizes the unhappy conditions of this man who has seen better times. They become romantically involved and Santamarina in one of his walks through the street waste finds an infant. Elsa, surprised, will do the right thing. But Santamarina convinces her that the importance of an innocent life in their lives will cement their love. Ariel, who has met the beautiful Laura at work, begins a turbulent and heavy sexual affair with her beautiful co-worker, who is unknown to him, involved in a lesbian affair. Ariel as a free lance by photographing weddings and other occasions feels a passion for Laura, but he understands what Estela has sacrificed to help her father and still loves him. <br /> <br /> Daniel Burman, whose "El Abrazo Partido" we thought was excellent, did wonders with this movie. Things have been put in perspective right after a new show recently and we have to apologize for not having seen it for the first time. If so, the nuances on the screen change, Mr. Burman and Emiliano Torres, more meaning, because they reflect the turmoil of what the country was living in the dark days. <br /> <br /> Daniel Hendler, who plays Ariel, has collaborated with Mr. Burman made surprising results. He's not 'movie star pretty', but he's great. This actor carries out a great deal of sincerity in his work. Enrique Pineyro is another amazing surprise. His Santamarina is disarmed. Despite all the bad things that have fallen on him, he holds a rosy attitude to everyone he meets. Stefania Sandrelli, the interesting Italian actress, makes a big contribution to the movie with her Elsa. Hector Alterio plays one of the best Argentine actors the small part of Simon. The beautiful Chiara Coselli is seen as Laura and Melina Petrielli appears as the noble Estela. <br /> <br /> "Esperando al mesias" proves that Daniel Burman is a voice to be reckoned with in the Argentine cinema.
