One of the director Miike Takashi is the very best. It's so good it's hard to put into words. In almost fifteen years older than the target group, I tied myself from the beginning to the end. It resembles similar children's films from the 1980s in the sense that (as opposed to today) these films were not afraid to scare - there are a lot of unpleasant details here that I originally thought of but soon realized that is nothing but what I grew up in. The film is a collection of the 80s children's film conventions. You name it, it's there: A young boy hero evokes from his own unhappy / dysfunctional world another, inhabited by mythical and mysterious tips; an attempt to save both worlds from a vicious force a beautiful heroine he has in love with; a sadistic henchwoman (Go-Go Yubari from Kill Bill Vol. 1); a leading villain who draws his evil power from something that everyone in the world can relate to. But all these genre conventions get a fresh spin and extra depth. <br /> <br /> One of the IMDb reviews begins "Where was this movie when I was a kid?" And that's a feeling I agree with wholeheartedly. Even while I was watching it, I regretted the fact that I was not an adult; that it was not part of my childhood as a maze, university masters and, to a lesser extent, the neverending story. These movies and others like The Goonies are revoked, but never copied - Miike relentlessly gives us a new challenge. Poor CGI is a staple for many of his films, sometimes due to budget constraints, but just as often an artistic choice - a desire to present things in an outlandish manner. Here, CGI is mostly average, only because of budgetary constraints, but nevertheless, he does a fantastic job of putting a play. The CG effects are combined with traditional dolls, animatronics and truly extraordinary make-up to create a world of rich characters (and characterization) that often borders on the visionary. <br /> <br /> This is one of the biggest children's movies ever made. Not for younger or more sensitive children themselves. <br /> <br /> Just jaw-droppingly wonderful. See it for yourself, and if you think your kids can handle it, show it to them. Let them grow up The Great Yokai War as a little compensation for the fact that you couldn't.
