Also known as Big Spook War. The great Yokai war is Miike's attempt at a family movie and marvelously fine job he does too. The problem is that I can't imagine many parents wishing to submit their children to this movie. The best kids movies are those that are scary or have mildly disturbing images, Neverending Story and Return to Oz Spring, but in the case of the Great Yokai War, Miike is probably taking things a little too far. In fact, at the screening, I was with the person who introduced the film repeatedly to the two families there, that it was probably not very suitable. <br /> <br /> The movie starts with the youngster who introduces herself and explains about his current family problems. This brief moment of mundaneity is severely broken as a cow that gives birth to a calf with a human face screaming that something terribly comes before falling death as the abomination it is (it is quite possible that the pure secret of creation is some bizarre Quato-greetings). After an incredible introduction to the great baddie Kato and his henchwoman Agi (a surprisingly attractive Chiaki Kuriyami), using an apocalyptic raid. The story returns to normal for a while, but it doesn't take long before anyone and any logic goes down the drain, and the young boys quit with a group Miyazaki rejects taking out the evil wizard. <br /> <br /> The movie's plot is pretty basic and surprisingly hackneyed at times; the entire chosen one just picks it up in a movie that regularly breaks clichés, but is helped by a simple awe inspiring vision of a magic world. This is really a Miyazaki movie made for a live action movie, albeit a very seedier and more vicious than normal Miyazaki movie. <br /> <br /> The movie is simply a joy to look at Yokai's design is colorful and, on the whole, practical, while the evil robot monstrosities, while not showing the best CGI in the world, have a practical and threatened those who give them far more palpable threat than you could imagine. <br /> <br /> Cast is uniformly excellent, they just make their characters seem natural, which is commendable when you consider that most of them are in full body makeup or latex dresser. Even Agi lumbered with a ridiculous beehive comes across as sultry and deadly thanks to the surprisingly outstanding plays of Kuriyami. <br /> <br /> While the movie has many elements that put it in the family movie scene; cute creatures, junior heroes, a thoroughly evil villain, a sense of evil and adventure and a narrative lack of violence. There are elements that make you doubt whether Miike should have directed such a movie. The Robot Army is a truly terrible danger to everyday objects that are combed to monster animals resembling the T-101 sense skin and with extra chainsaws. These animals cut characters into pieces; suck creatures in their blood-stained mouth and abduct children from their homes by pushing them just below their parent's nose before hanging with a small patricide. Creation of creation is just as difficult for young minds. Yokai, essentially the heroes, feeds in a giant furnace full of a liquidated form of hatred that corrodes Yokai's flesh and strengthens their angry souls to possess lumps of metal. If children thought that smoldering Anakin was badly waiting, then they saw a large-sized hedgehog man burning to death in a hole of molten hatred for a moment before being turned into an abomination of a motorcycle. There are also limbs broken, in one case a severed hand stretches in front of the camera dripping with blood, a lot of sexual energy (Agi wears a dress designed specifically for fan service and seems to sleep only with Kato as motivation while the Princess of The rivers carry almost nothing and get her thighs groped by the young in quite a few scenes) and general humor that will go right over the heads of those that this technological wonder was apparently designed for. <br /> <br /> An example of this is that Yokai only gets interested in the final battle when they think it's a big party. The subsequent battle more of a festival than anything, complete with beer, crowd surfing and moshing. Also, a scene where Agi knocks the tar out of a sweet furry creature seems to appeal to the masses who are combed by pokemon overkill. End Spoilers At the end of the day, the great Yokai war is on Miike's stronger newer movie. Although it lacks some of the perverted charm that says Gozu or Ichi, it simply pushes on a road of general madness. In fact, it's easily Miike's most horrible movie, taking care of the magic of the subject so wholeheartedly. <br /> <br /> It is worth seeing just for the occasional flash of Gogo ass.
