Raggedy Ann and Raggedy Andy THE MOVIE is about dolls that come to life when people are not around. In this adventure, they will rescue a kidnapped French doll named Babette from the captain of pirates. However, on their way they travel Deep Dark Woods, Taffy Pit and even Looney Land. Will the help of their new friend The Camel With Wrinkled Knees help them or just put them down with his hallucinations of his friends leaving him? How will they escape the Kookoo wife and his henchmen! What will their owner Marcella say when she sees her seventh birthday gift with her other toys? Delightful surprises await the two adventurers. <br /> <br /> All scores are out of possible 10: History: 8 - Very cute. Dolls that come to life when the gentleman is not around. Not just because they go out in many different places, but they are in an imaginary world, so everything can happen. Meet new characters, go to different places to find new friends, that's good. The characters all seem so good in this, too, and who doesn't love pirates? Works: 8 - Each character fits so well with their voice. Especially Marlon Brando taffy pit enemy, The Greed. The French doll has a very strong French accent, the evil Hitler-esquire king Kookoo (where there are hairs resembling the Simpsons Sideshow Bob) plays his role very well, and the sad old black man's voice to Camel seems perfect. Why is it that old dubbed animation was so much better than new? Music: 10 - Nothing here in perfection. The songs have been in my head for years, and I see it again almost 20 years later, I can still remember every one of them and will now know exactly where those tunes come from. Joe Raposo of "Sesame Street" fame did an excellent job with the songs for this and everyone sings really well. Editing: 6 - Hi, this is where it gets confusing. I mean, how far did Raggedy go anyway? A lot of events just seem to occur one by one, and there is no story WHO the other dolls and toys were like you never see them in the real world of the movie, but it follows some kind of way and you know they Eventually, going to where to go, it's just pretty hard to follow at times. Uniqueness: 8 - Between this and Unico I have to say that there are parts in both films, I will never forget how hard I try to mainly the scary parts. I've probably already mentioned how older movies were much creepier than animation today, but it takes the cake in a frightening factor. Outside of South Park movies and some Disney movies, there are almost no animated musicals, or good ones coming out, so it's totally unique. <br /> <br /> Worth: 8- The classic. Well worth hunting to get a good copy, that's safe, but the VHS copies are probably all stretched out now. The DVD version is sold all the time on Ebay and it will definitely be something you will see more than once. If something gets it to nostalgic goals. Overall score (not an average): 8 - It is a wonderful timeless musical made in the late 70's and can still be enjoyed today. Its characters are all unique and the songs are great. So big you might find yourself humming them time and time again. Give your favorite animal a hug today! Reviewer's Insight (Including bias): It's not like the Raggedy Ann TV series that was made a decade later. This was far more dark and real world. The effects in this look like a lot of other acid-ride cartoons from the 70s, especially yellow submarines. Still, it has given me memories, I will never forget and can still influence things today. It was not easy to find, but it will remain a treasure to keep in my collection of DVDs and videos forever.
