Oh, god, God bless the 1970s, we got some of the most horrible movies that came out of the decade: The Exorcist, Jaws, The Texas Chainsaw Massacre, Halloween and now, Raggedy Ann & Andy: A musical adventure. This film will be used to torture captured terrorists to tell us about their evil plans to destroy the world, I seriously think this movie scared the heel out of me. My sister had this movie in her VHS collection, and I was a little curious what kind of movie they would make out of a doll that came out of the great depression for kids with very little pocket money. What the heck? It's a little fun how this movie is the 1970s version of Toy Story, pretty much down to a key, only this was a thousand times scary, Disney had Alice in Wonderland to get into the drug studies for the kids. <br /> <br /> When Marcella leaves the room, Raggedy Ann comes along with her brother Raggedy Andy and a whole nursery full of colorful toys for life. On Marcella's birthday comes a new doll, Babette, from Paris, France to the United States. Babette is a pampered creature who does not know she is a doll, but the friendly Raggedy Ann does everything she can to make Babette feel at home. The pirate captain, however, infected her. Raggedy Ann and Andy sat down to try to save her before Marcella discovers that Babette is gone. Out in the world outside the nursery, they meet two camels with the wrinkled knees, a blue toy cam that has been thrown by former owners and is now heart-shaped and lonely. After Raggedy Ann and Andy have driven a ride on Camel, he begins to follow his hallucinations and, without looking, runs over the edge of a rock to a deep pit. In this pit they encounter the greedy, who is a huge, lumpy lump of taffy who eats constantly and is never full. Raggedys and Camel narrow flight consumed by the greedy and continuing their journey to find Babette ?? and believe me, it just gets weather from this point. <br /> <br /> While this movie was probably disturbing and I just wanted to cry and cover my eyes under much of the movie, it was actually quite creative. Back in the day when we had hand-drawn animation that made movies more personal and that the authors and animators put their heart into it, you can tell they did it with Raggedy Ann & Andy: A musical adventure. This was definitely not the worst movie I've ever seen, I just don't know who to recommend it too. As scared as I was, I have to admit that I'm glad I saw it, sometimes you need a "WTF?" film to spice up your choice, believe me when I say that Raggedy Ann had no problem doing just that with me. It's officially that the doll is just plain, let's just put it in the way there's a huge caramel river that eats everything, a king who has his head getting bigger while he is laughing, a bizarre thing that humiliates Raggedy Ann and his brother, a strange almost incest between Ann and Andy and a few naked dolls who will always haunt my dreams with their songs. Yikes. <br /> <br /> 7/10
