Its taken a few impressions for me to really wrap myself around this one, but for me, Tears of Kali is one of the horrors of the 00s and as far as independent horrors goes a true masterpiece. An anthology horror addresses the story of the fictional Taylor-Eriksson group, a cult of battles based in India, whose members are looking for ultimate self-knowledge and healing of the psyche with unpleasant results that echo over the years. With bookend segments set in India, the movie is made mostly of three stories in Germany that illustrate the aftermath of the Taylor-Eriksson group's work, with some rather nasty doings at times. Its an interesting setup as these things go, but what sets this movie apart is the way the imaging is so carefully created to develop the horror of the movie. Bad things have been released, and the film's general course is a look at how the quest for self-knowledge and ultimate therapy scares the patients, healers, and others, and the film is filled with clear visual traces to the power of the dark forces with which it acts. about, dark forces unbound by time, place or even personality. Good examples of this are found especially in the first story that deals with a journalist who interviews a lady in a mental hospital. Earlier in this story we have seen Lars Eriksson and especially his wonky (lazy?) Eye, we also see him heal or at least comfort a patient. The woman's mental patient in the first story is seen in the same position as Eriksson heals one with patient, just as she breaks up in the canvas from the art class, which she runs among her fellow players, one of their pictures, a face with lazy eye like Eriksson's. There are also references to folk music in minuscule roles, extras and walk ons ​​that have extra sensory perceptions of what's going on in the movie, showing the evil that has been released and which can almost infect others. There is more to the film philosophically than just evil inside. It is a film of death, suffering and possible redemption also for all bound in a structure derived from Hindu beliefs in a way that seems to be just exploitation, but has more relation to actual beliefs than one might expect (in anyway from the research I did on wikipedia). Author / Director Andreas Marschall certainly deserves a significant credit for his skills in the construction of the film. Apart from being thoughtful, the movie is pretty chilling, the soundtrack of Bharti India and Panama John has a great creepy piano jingle and there are a few notable performances, Michael Balaun as a creepy doctor and Cora Chilcot as a freaky patient especially good. The third story also has a good trip from veteran Mathieu Carrière as the healer of faith. The biggest problem with the movie is that it is not what involves much time, so the potential for fear is lost, but these and a few other notions gain involvement quite well. So, the movie is not as gripping as it could be, it occasionally starred and paced, but I thought it was pretty good if a shadow was short of its possible shine. Well worth looking for adventurous horror fans I think.
