Where was this movie when I was a kid? After his parents split up, Tadashi moves with her mother to live her grandfather. Tadashi's sister stays with their father and they often talk on the phone. Grandfather is only "here" every three days. VAT is never really at home. The kids always choose the poor child. During a village festival, Tadashi "Kirin Rider" or spiritual master of peace and justice is chosen. Little does he suspect that he will soon have to step into the role of the heroes as the forces of darkness go together with the rage of things discarded in a plot to destroy humanity and the spiritual world. was the easy part. Now comes the hard part and tries to explain the movie. <br /> <br /> This is a great movie. No, it's a great movie, erroneous (very flawless?) But a great movie anyway. It unfolds like all the great books you loved as a child, and is as close to times as Tadashi struggles to find the strength to become a hero. I saw that I felt like I was reading a great book and wondering how great this would be if it were a book. I loved that the movie does not follow a normal path. Things often happen out of chance or through miscommunication, a sign being sucked into events simply because his foot falls asleep. There are twists and moments that do not look like sequiters and are even more charming for it (which is typically Miike). It's definitely a Takashi Miike movie. The Japanese filmmaker is clearly responsible for a movie that often touches, scary and fun at the same time. No one except Miike seems to understand that you can have many feelings at the same time, or that you can suddenly get twists as things get dark one second and then fun the next. I admire the fact that Miike has made a movie that is gloomy and hopeful, it's not shy away from being scary, I mean really scary, especially for kids. This is the same dark area that should be in the Harry Potter movies, but rarely is. This is a dark Grimm story with humor. My first reaction to seeing the opening picture was that I couldn't believe anyone would start a children's movie with a picture of the end of the world, so I realized who made the movie. Hats off to Miike to make a movie that knows kids can handle the scary pictures. It also works on more than one level. The mechanical monsters that the evil ones do are forged from the discarded counter of mankind. It's the rage of being thrown away that burns monsters. One of Yokai (spirits) speaks of the rage sneakers that are thrown away because they are dirty or too small, feel when thrown. You also have one of the good guys who refuse to join the evil guys because it would be the human thing to do. It's a wild concept, but like other things floating around what lifts this movie to another level. (There are many riffs and references to other movies, TV shows and novels that make me wonder who this movie is for, because kids might not understand them, though many parents will) And of course there are monsters. They run the gamut from cheeses to spectacular with stops everywhere. Quite frankly, you have to forgive the bumps in their creation simply because they have to be hundreds, if not thousands, of monsters on the screen. It's cool and it works. One of the main characters is a Yokai, which I think is best described as a hamster in a tunic and is often played by a stuffed animal, it looks silly and yet you will cheer the little bugger and love every moment he rides on Tadashi's head. (Acceptance is also easier if you've ever seen the old forest images of the weird Japanese monsters). I mentioned errors and there are a few. The effects are uneven, some of the sudden twists are a bit odd (though understandable) and a few other minor things that are now falling about two hours after watching the movie. Neither of them really does the movie anywhere, but most of them keep you from being completely satisfied with the movie. <br /> <br /> I really loved this movie. I'm pretty sure if I saw this as a child, it would have been my favorite movie all the time. (where is the English dub?). Watch this movie. It's a good trip. (Besides that, it is a good introduction to Miike's film minus blood and graphic sex)
