I had originally heard of TEARS OF KALI a while back and it sounded like something I wanted to be in, but with all the movies I come with regularly, it dropped a little from my radar. While I roaming around on the local WonderBook ... I saw the record for it and grabbed it. I have to say I'm pretty glad I did. TEAL OF KALI is a strange, gory, sometimes even scary movie that is somewhat limited by the obviously low budget - but is still an entertaining and dignified watch. <br /> <br /> TEARS OF KALI centers around the fictitious India-based Taylor-Erixson cult group, which practices meditation and other rituals in the quest to reverse and ban the individual's inner prejudices - but apparently these techniques work either too well or not good enough (depending on your point of view ...) as the dark forces are not only exaggerated, but also detached from unhappy victims. <br /> <br /> The film is told "anthology-style", with a short but memorable and "eye-opening" intro sequence, and then proceeds into three stories that make up the bulk of the movie. <br /> <br /> The first (SHAKTI) is about a journalist visiting one of the cult members held at a mental hospital. The journalist goes under the cover to examine the Taylor-Erixson cult, but we find out that her true motives can get a little closer to home. When the interview takes a violent turn, the journalist finds that she might have gotten over her head ... The second part (Devi) concerns a violent young man who is sentenced to psychological rehabilitation instead of a prison sentence to turn a young man into coma. We find that the attending physician is actually a Taylor-Erixson "alumni" and his rehabilitation methods are far from the norm ... The final story (KALI) is about a quack "faith-healer" and his assistant performing " miracles "for a fee. When the health unfortunately helps one of his clients and actually emits a force that had had her, the demon is now free to sail and look for a new host ... I have to say, I really enjoyed the GREAT CALI. There are some flaws in the movie that keep it from being really excellent - but it is an original and ambitious movie for what it is. My biggest grip on production is the poor and uninspired excessive dialogue. The headline is underpaired and I would have much preferred to have a subtitle setting with the original language. Some reviewers have said that the play is poor, which I do not necessarily agree with. I think the duplication is so lacking in gloss that it makes the performance seem disturbed, which is not the case. In fact, a couple of the performances are pretty good chilling (the "doctor" in the second segment, and the "client" in the third comes easy to think ...) and remarkable. Gore FX is very well done for a low budget movie with some graphic scenes of eyelid removal via cuticle scissors, a pencil-in-the-throat suicide, some decent (but annoying "shaking") self-flaying, and one some other goodies thrown in for good measure. Not as rough as some of the more "extreme" goraf movies out there, but definitely stronger than your average horror prize. I also found the story of the cult group to be exciting and a welcome change to the typical horror story nonsense. There are lots of scenes of real atmosphere and excitement that I haven't encountered for a while. Although it is deficient in some basic ways, I still believe that TEARS OF KALI will appeal to most "underground" horror viewers - some scenes may prove too much for the more common viewer. Absolutely recommended - 8.5 / 10
