Billed as Takashi Miike's "first family movie" - of people who haven't seen Zebraman, presumably. YOKAI DAISENSO takes things even further towards family friendliness, dilution of darkness and cynicism to create a great fantasy profession. A young boy is chosen by fate to save the world from monsters and horrors that they remain largely unaware of. The movie is apparently bigger budget than anything else that Miike has done, with lots of CGI to create the fantasy world populated by odd creatures (YOKAI). Perhaps the lack of extreme content is a consequence of several nervous investors, but I think it's just that he wanted to do something different. He has never really been a one-trick pony, but is often accused of it - perhaps YOKAI is designed to silence the critics. Whether it's a great project for Miike to channel his unlimited imagination and invention into. <br /> <br /> There's a very comic-like sense of production and evokes thoughts of Miyazaki in places. Yokai is based on an old series of cartoons that were based on Japanese folk tales that also affected Miyazaki (especially SPIRITED AWAY). It should be remembered that Miike does not have anything like the budget of a Harry Potter movie to work with, so the special effects will not be seamless Hollywood style work - some blue screening is particularly obvious. Some of the special effects, however, are good with some very well animated creatures (a mix of CG, stop-motion and puppet theater). I think that the little duvet that follows the hero around too much of the movie was * thought * to look really cheap, and that is all the better :) The young guy who plays the film's hero, does a really good work - It's so hard to find a pre-teen who actually understands the concept of acting, but 9-year-old Ryunosuke Kamiki is a real talent (I see that he did votes in the last 2 Miyazaki movies!). Chiaki Kuriyama is delicious as the villain of the piece, although Mai Takahashi got an even bigger impression as the pixie-eared River Princess - yum yum! Those looking for another fierce, perverted gangster movie won't find what they're looking for in YOKAI, but if you're a fan of Miike because of his imagination and humor, there's plenty to satisfy here. And it has the added bonus that you can happily put it on what you got :)
