Although there is melodrama in the middle or rather at the bottom of this movie, the story is nicely and subtly told, and the play is amazing. Yaara, studying at Princeton, returns to her native Israel for the burial of her eldest and dear friend, Talia. Because Yaara practically lived with her friend's parents after her own mother's death, she has lost her adoptive sister. And because Yaara, blind from birth, has been guided and guarded by Talia, her friend's suicide is as unbearable as it is inexplicably. <br /> <br /> It is inevitable that the blind girl is the one who decides to solve the mystery of this death. Even without vision she has insight. Although she cannot see, she is able to find what is out of sight than the "normal" people around her. The film thus becomes an absorbing mystery that Yaara scours for traces of her relationship with Talia, in her adoptive family's house, in ties, diaries and people of Talia's past and present. Told from the Yara point of view also seen the film from her point of view as she visualizes what she hears, believes and imagines. The solution to the mystery is quite conventional, but the search is done with such subtle care, and the answer is made so beautiful and without fanfare that pat is currently easily forgiven. The truths are gradually emerging inexorably and not only clarify Talia's life, but also her relationship with Yaara. Tali Sharon, like Yaara, uses her mobile face and voice effectively and is completely credible as both the adult and teenage girl. We fully accept his ability at the end of the movie to find his place in the world more confident. The notable is the precision where places and actions are repeated with small but significant variations that never become boring, the dead-influencing of the small characters and the interesting decision to represent Talia only as a teenager. I will choke with Yara's final statement, which stands with Gadi, Talia's last boyfriend, on a cliff's edge, but the walk to the edge is so fascinating that the image will remain in sight longer than her words are recalled.
