It was broadcast on TV yesterday, so I decided to check it out. This was one of the last Bruce Timm / Paul Dini DTV projects related to their old Batman animated series in 1992, after Jeff Matsuda came together and re-imagined Batman with his new The Batman series, yet the story of this new Batman movie centers on the look of a new vigilante known as Batwoman, but Batman feels the need to stop her because of her extreme methods and also meanwhile take down The Pengiun and Ruphert Thorn, both working secretly with Carlton Duquesne (who have family problems) and another villain (who is later revealed in the movie) about a weapon smuggling operation, they also bounty at Batwoman. The question is: who is this mysterious Batwoman, and is it possible that they could be more than one? It's up to Batman to solve this mystery and stop Penguin's latest operation. For an animated film, it has a rather complex plot and a serious tone, which is good. Another plus was the complete redesign of the penguin who looks much more like the sophisticated Mob Boss we are used to seeing in the comics, as opposed to his earlier designs that borrowed elements from Tim Burton's vision of Pengium (sewage and circus freak ). Although the film contains a love subplot, it has never been carried so far and does not play the movie as, for example. Batman Forever. The voice action is standard quality for these direct-to-video projects (if only Batman: Phantasmask took that path), Kevin Conroy still shines like Batman / Bruce Wayne. And, as I said, despite driving in some very short 80 minutes, it manages to make a pretty good (and complex) story complete with a few minor phrases and buzzing actions. There are a few drawbacks, but Nightwing is nowhere to be seen, and I'm sure Barbara Gordon and Bruce Wayne will not click like a couple, although only Tim Timke (aka Robin) does very little movie and to be quite honest, i was never a big fan of Paul Dini and Bruce Timm's Batman character design (especially in their Batman shows after BTAS), this The New Adventures of Batman and Robin, it does well, Batman looks fat so rather a well-built bulked up person (like the Jeff Matsuda character model from The Batman). Bruce Wayne seems a little awkward, the blue eyes make him look more like Clark Kent and Bruce (though that's true, they look very similar). Another drawback is Rupert Throne (no explanation of why he is in this deal, but it is safe to say that he has goons and what is an interruption of the deal), which makes a little more so hang out with Penguim or get get hurt every time he points to a gun at someone (count how many times this happens in the movie and you will be surprised. Overall, a good Batman animated movie is worth at least a rental.
