This record may contain spools: <br /> <br /> Although it was 5 years after the series ended and WB currently worked on the Justice League, this animated movie is a welcome addition to the video library. Why? Well, if Phantasmask complements the first 70 episodes of Batman: The Animated Series and SubZero compliment the 15 episodes of Adventures of Batman and Robin, so Mystery of the Batwoman complements the last 24 episodes of the Gotham Knights version of Batman. Kevin Conroy once again delivers a voice over performance that is nothing short of expertise and perfection. I admit that I was a little delicious when I heard about Batwoman, and all I could think of was the old 50s comics from Batman. But I was blown away by the Batwoman character, her look, her costume (which I assumed inspired Bruce Wayne to make a costume on Batman Beyond) and the fact that this movie keeps you guessing who Batwoman is all the way through. If you want to know who Batwoman is, buy or rent the DVD. Barbara Gordon makes a como look, and I think the authors tried to suggest that Bruce and Barbara had something going on between them as they did in Batman Beyond. Tim Drake appears as Robin, but his role is a little, and unfortunately there are no signs of Dick Grayson aka Nightwing, who makes me believe he has established himself in the Bludhaven (his city in the comics). /> Of the three suspects of Batwoman, my favorite is Kathy Duquesne, who sees a horrible mass like Halle Berry. Kelly Ripa did a good job as one of the other suspects. When it comes to the bad guys, I'm glad the penguin was one of them, but I didn't like replacing Paul Williams with David Ogden Stiers. Pengy just doesn't sound right. Same thing goes to Robin. The new guy did okay, but just as I got used to Matt Valencia, they replaced him. It is interesting to note that Kevin Michael Richardson, who votes with Carlton Duquesne, is now the Joker's voice in "The Batman" series. And finally, we see what Rupert Thorne looks like upgraded when he didn't come up in Gotham Knights episodes. The late John Vernon will be missed. Although I enjoyed Henry Silva as Bane's voice if he had to be replaced, they got the right man in the form of Hector Elizondo. I just wished they could have used Two Face, Riddler or the scary new version of scarecrow. <br /> <br /> The musical score and especially the soft sounding intro was amazing. I wish it was on a soundtrack, and I especially enjoyed the beautiful and talented Cherie in the Iceberg Lounge with his song, Betcha Neva. While some feel that this movie is weaker than the Phantasm and Subzero mask, I find it as powerful and enjoyable as the rest, plus, as I said earlier, it is a full-length movie based on the Gotham Knights version of Batman. as I think it gives a good balance. I would at least recommend renting this DVD first before buying it for those who might be delicious of this movie, but it is well worth buying. I give Batwoman's mystery a 9.
