Initially, I have always been a fan of the Batman comics, because the theme is so universal that everyone alive has an alter-ego. This is true in Batwoman's mystery. While overall history is good, I am disappointed that they have not really done much for the franchise with this. Throughout the movie, you try to find out who Batwoman is, unfortunately You can find out by easily looking at the credits issued on this site (so if you haven't seen it then don't go there). I was a little disappointed that they didn't make the movie anymore. 75 minutes is too short for any movie. The batwoman's secret identity also comes too early in the film, kind of mid-way and subsequently becomes climatic because you know that good guys will always win and that the new character known as Batwoman will disappear after the movie is over. br /> <br /> I'm not too sure about the new animation style used in this movie. I love the sleek new characters, but there needs to be more detail where details are required. Some parts of the animation look so awkward and stiff that it grabs your attention right away from your attention away from history. I also didn't really like the bright atmosphere used in most scenes, it loses its dark and gothic feel, which is Batman. Likewise, we should have been told more about Batwoman's personality so we can build the same deep compassionate feeling that we do with Bruce Wayne. I also think the battle with Bane should have been better. On the typical children's fashion, the bad one encounters him too easily by either stumbling, falling, becoming electric or doing something stupid that works against them. Come to think of it. There wasn't even a drop of blood spilled in this movie either. Bottom line, it's a good entertaining flick and I recommend anyone there is a Batman fan to watch it. It has a good story, universal appeal and even great plays to top it off. I just wished they could have delivered more permanent change to the story by making Batwoman make things more interesting. Don't just introduce her and then save her when she's done. I would also like to see someone else find out the mystery of a change finally. Having someone other than Batman solve the mystery and fill him in later with the details. <br /> <br /> I hope there are more animated movies to come and look forward to the time when we can actually see the break between Bruce Wayne and Barbra Gordan. He has tightened her together forever and may not even like her, and I can't believe she was stupid enough to fall in love with any 20-year-old. I also want to see where Tim Drake leaves, because he gets sick of the old man. In short, I will see all the things that led the characters to where they will be in Batman Beyond. Otherwise, the same repetitive formula will just finish it faster than if they just decided to move on with the story. <br /> <br />
