'Capital City' fans are looking forward to! This first season in this series is now available from the Network DVD, and I recently received my copy! Although highly ensemble-piece "maverick" trading flooring "CAPITAL CITY" presents us with different moments through both its first and second season, when each member of the team plays a significant role in a particular central or peripheral plot line. The cultural mix (English, Irish, American, German, Polish) of the main trader Wendy Foleys (played by Joanna Phillips-Lane) is balanced with their own distinctiveness, interests and personalities that help to make it quite unknown and, to most people, apparently sterile topic of financial trading reasonably engage in the unfolding appearances. In fact, this is apparently dynamic young employee contact in direct opposition to Shane Longman's senior sense, represented by Lee Wolf (Richard Le Parmentier) and James Farrell (Denys Hawthorne). I suppose such an unconventional way of working as an employee of Wendy's team would not have been a reality if it hadn't been for youthful reclusive "free spirit" Peter Longman inherited his thirty percent. Store in the company from his father and allowed a more trendy, casual modern business to become a reality. To a certain extent, Wendy's (I am led to believe) follows that the current guiding Leonard Ansen (John Bowe) follows the establishment in the traditional way of running the business, but his love for Wendy rather sees him "recording in the ground" on most occasions. The greatest interest in the series I believe stems from the enchanting romantic attraction between Douglas Hodge's Declan and the cool self-sufficient blonde-haired German trader Michelle Hauptmann (played by Trevyn McDowell) who had viewers constantly wondering whether the situation between these two colleagues would evolve over the close friendship / love that they undoubtedly have. <br /> <br /> Looking forward to reviewing this title and hopefully the second season of thirteen won't be too far away!
