It begins with several of the principles on a stage run to Albuquerque. Gabby Hayes (Juke, sounds like Duke) is the driver and begins his usual tirade against women in general, with her boyfriend Pearl being an exception. He then tells a distorted version of the biblical story of Samson to justify his detention of long whiskers against Pearl's desires, which are the city's barber, no less, claiming that everyone followed his example, she would be out of service. This point returns to dominate the last scene in the movie. Gabby seems an annoyance to some reviewers, but is a definite plus to this. It was too bad that he wasn't in any of the better Randoph Scott westerns to help ease Randy's usual draw. Also at this stage, Randy (Cole Armin), his future wife (Cathrine Craig, as Celia Wallace), to whom he knows, and a little girl (Myrtle), to whom he soon becomes a hero when he saves her from it Stage after it is kept by the hands of Randy's wheelchair-bound uncle John Armin (George Cleveland), who essentially runs the city. <br /> <br /> Randy soon learns that his uncle and, by itself, is not exactly popular with the city's folk music. However, he quickly forms a useful friendship with Gabby. After learning that Uncle John was in charge of his business competitor Celia Wallace and its murder, he demanded that Uncle John return the money and decide to work for Celia and her brother Ted (Russell Hayden) instead of Uncle John. <br /> <br /> As his rival outlook rises, Uncle John decides to plant an informant (Barbara Britton, like Letty Tyler) in the Wallace office to keep him informed when they deliver ore from mine to town so he can sabotage their races. When this does not work, he goes to the draconian tactic to build a fire place of his own office for which Randy is blamed. Unfortunately, when the fire was discovered, Randy was in Letty's apartment, confronting her with suggestive evidence that she was letting Uncle John go. Myrtle and Letty testify that he was in the apartment when the fire was discovered. This puts him and Letty in the dog's house with Celia (his apparent beau) and Ted (who hopes to woo Letty). This news also ends Uncle John's confidence in Letty as an informant, and he suggests that she leave the city. Instead, she changes sides and tells Wallaces why Randy was in her apartment. Uncle John again tries to sabotage their ore races and when it fails, there is a general shootout in the city. You can guess the results. <br /> <br /> The plot is well constructed and done with complicated relationships between principles and with a number of obstacles to Randy to overcome, sometimes with the help of his helpers. At least, Randy had to bring his uncle to justice. Uncle John had a choice to avoid assassination, but proudly convinced that a woman would not have the courage to do her threat. The presence of Hayes and two beautiful healthy single women as well as little myrtle helped greatly to ease the otherwise tense atmosphere of this survival struggle that Uncle John put it in. It seems odd that Barbara Britton, the "bad" girl get the best female billing over Catherine Craig, Randy's love interest. Barbara's camera time was much more limited. <br /> <br /> Those who grew up on the Lassie TV series with George Cleveland as "Gramps" will be surprised to find him playing such a controlling villain. We can ask if his wheelchair-bound status is important for this persona. This leaves him with few opportunities to live in the wild west. Without seemingly family to help him with support (except Randy), he can't afford to get started, so he knocked him out of the most profitable business in town. On the other hand, he has probably obtained his status as the city's "boss" from his conversation before becoming a wheelchair bound.
