The summary line above, spoken by James Cloud (Robert Preston) to his brother Tom (Robert Sterling) says almost everything. Jim, AKA Kid Wichita, has a way of getting things done, only trouble is, he usually leaves dead bodies where he has been. Not the kind of mentorship Tom depicts for younger brother Jeff who likes what he sees in Jim, especially when he defends his ranch against the local Texas cattleman. <br /> <br /> Opening credits say 'Introduction to John Barrymore Jr. Younger brother, in this his very first screen look. It seemed a little strange to me, especially when he was treated like Jeff almost immediately into history. About eighteen at the time of this movie, he wears a transitory resemblance to Sean Penn. No stranger to personal and legal problems throughout his career as well as alienation from his family, I wondered if his daughter Drew Barrymore had ever seen this image. I tend not to think. <br /> <br /> On the subject of similarities, I was also struck by the idea that young Robert Sterling as little as Roy Rogers early in his career. Knowing Sterling earlier only from his role as George Kerby in the early 1950s television series 'Tops', I thought he looked out of place in a Western, but it could just be me. His character is matured by his brother's resourcefulness by creating problems and giving some of the edginess to this not so typical story. Smaller subplots abound, including the relationship ranchers John Gall (John Litel) has with his son Sheriff (who kills Kid Wichita) and the troubled marriage between Kathleen Boyce (Cathy Downs) and her husband Earl (who kills Kid Wichita). Chill Wills rounds off the headline as one of Tom Cloud's hired hands and figures in the slightly predictable finals. What is not entirely predictable is how things ultimately take place there, and therefore this western earning point is to follow a lesser journey, therefore not quite as formally a plot, as many good brother / bad brother westerner does. Combined with the eclectic casting of the principals, one I would recommend, even if you have to endure some of the cuts and careless editing I experienced with my copy.
