Robert Culp (they call his character "doctor" ... I think he's a vet or something) and the family moves to a wealthy, low-tax, zero-law enforcement suburb. Lantern-jawed Culp and his dog are almost killed when some local idiot neighbor children get drunk and "go cruising" through his farm at 60mph. He presses charges that awaken the children's ire, and suddenly he and his family are victims of a violent and disturbing prank campaign. <br /> <br /> Marilyn Manson, who, Marlyn Mason, plays his fretful, boiled wife, rather urging him not to use violence against his sniffing nemeses and who really just wants to move somewhere with decent public services . But the system gets Culp nowhere, and he is not leaving his house because of some punk kids and their crazy rock and roll music. And we all know what movies people do when the system fails ... (but it's based on a true story that makes it even better). It should be noted that while the hurricane hooligans do have a comfortable 70-inch funk-o-matic "teen" voice that warns us when they are not comfortable, this movie actually stops treating the age brackets right in the hand (really !). It doesn't make a big generation thing out of it. But if you like dogs (or at least believe in protecting their civil rights, like me) and you like justice, and you like fire, and you like justice for dogs by fireplace, and you think That people who frighten nervously out of troubled societies are "too bad soft", so this flick's ethos is up in your alley. No, it is not really "good", at least not in any commonly recognized meaning of the word. There is nothing subtle or discreet or wise about it, it's just a PSA for vigilantism. However, it captures the feeling of some memorable scenes in other beloved works. Remember Frank Miller's The Dark Knight Returns when Batman leads the mutants to horseback to regain Gotham City? Remember the scene in a Christmas market where the baby is pounding the bull's face? Remember how cool it was? Or have you just hated looking at the fun of your neighbors? Yes, mr. Unfortunately, this was a 1973 movie for television that I just happened to catch at 4am on my local WB branch, and it's probably not intended for DVD publishing. But after being inspired by this movie, you think I just want to sit here and take it!
