A glacier wear inside a high-altitude hill sends its three figures, which are down in an infinite wet-drier, which has enough kick to dazzle the kids in the same way as the mature audience can be dazzled by the star-gate sequence that closes in 2001: A Space Odyssey. Miles from each other in vision, but it is a scene with great haste and excitement anyway. A grand opening order also takes place where a furry squirrel-like critter tries to hide his precious ector. You've probably seen this scene in the trailer, but as it takes place, he starts a domino effect when the mountain begins to crack and results in an avalanche. The fear continues just as critter tries to fight the impossible. <br /> <br /> The movie tracks two characters, a mammoth called Manfred (Ray Romano) and a curving sloth (John Leguizamo) as they attempt to migrate south. They find a human baby they adopt and then decide to track down the parent data to return to them. They are put together by a saber-tiger called Diego (Denis Leary), whose predator is bringing the baby to his tiger clan, by feeding mammoth and sloth in a trap. Diego's meat-eating family will master the mammoth, but Diego's learned values ​​of friendship make it easy to make the final choice at the end. <br /> <br /> There are fatalistic natural hazards around the world, including an erupted volcano and a glacier bridge that threatens to melt instantly reminiscent of the Shrek castle. Characters think about why they are in the Ice Age while they might have called it The Big Chill or the Nippy Era. Some signs want an upcoming global warming. Another big line about the mating problems between girlfriends: "All the big guys are never around. The sensitive ones are eaten." Throwaway lines galore, whimsical comedy and angling adventures make this a pretty easy to see. lovely vegetarians, watching milk buckets and pine cones as "good dining". <br /> <br /> The vocal talents of Romano, Leguizamo and Leary thrive on their personas while the children will enjoy their pleasures, the adults will have Riffs on their own talents, there is some mild violence and intense content, but the children are jazed by the excitement and will get one of their early introductions of the old struggle for good against evil, and family tradition and friendship are strong thematic ties. also makes majestic use of background landscapes that are visibly stunning. <br /> <br />
