"Ice Age" is one of the comic books ever produced by Blue Sky Studios and released in 2002 as the company's first. We are introduced to the protagonists: a squirrel named Scrat (pronounced by Chris Wedge, and NOTE: the sound of Scrat's scream is the sound of Tom's scream from the "Tom and Jerry" cartoons), a woolly mammoth named Manny of Ray Romano of "Everybody Loves Raymond"), a sloth named Sid (pronounced by John Leguizamo of "Titan AE") and a saber-tiger tiger named Diego (published by Denis Leary of Pixar's "A Bug's Life"). /> <br /> The movie opens with Scrat trying to bury an acorn and right after that he caused an avalanche. We then see a crew going south of the coming ice age (except Manny, who, on the other hand, should look for other mammoths that looked like him). Sid came out of his cave gaping and saw that his family left him. He then pays tolls with some earthquakes. Unfortunately, he is being persecuted by Sylvia (pronounced by Kirsten Johnston of "3rd Rock from the Sun"), a female orange sloth who wants Sid to go with me. Sid joined Manny and they became friends. Meanwhile, near a human tribe, Soto (pronounced by Goran Visnjic), a vicious saber-tiger tiger, will avenge himself against the tribal leader to annihilate half of his parcel just by stealing his infant's son, Roshan, away from him. In the morning, he, Diego and Soto's henchmen attacked Lenny (pronounced by Alan Tudyk), Oscar (pronounced by Diedrich Bader) and Zeke (pronounced by the Jack Black) tribe, but the manager's wife escaped with Roshan and gave him to Manny and Sid to look after on. Eventually, Diego joined them and went on a journey to return Roshan back to his tribe, who is also looking for him. Relax and watch the rest of the movie and find out okay? In addition to Manny, Sid, Diego, Scrat, Sylvia and Roshan, supporting characters therein, including a pack of wolves using Roshan's tribe, and not least a bold female purple sloth named Jennifer (pronounced by Jane Krakowski) and a skinny female yellow sloth by name Rachel (pronounced by Lorri Bagley) to whom Sid shows them Roshan while relaxing in a tar grave. Incidentally, the two rhinos, Carl (pronounced by Cedric The Entertainer of PDI's "Madagascar") and Frank (pronounced by Stephen Root of Pixar's "Finding Nemo"), go after Sid to destroy their meal and confront Manny on a rock , are simple minor characters. Same went to dodos who use melons as their food supply. Gags in this movie are very funny. For example, Manny speaks through his trunk and says, "I don't go!" When Jennifer and Rachel are out of the tar pit, Sid asks Jennifer "What do you say if we jump into the gene pool and see what happens?" Jennifer then responds to him: "What do you say if you go into TAR PIT?" Rachel also kicks Sid at the waist. Sylvia sees Diego holding Sid at the neck with her teeth, so she asks Sid if he keeps his breath, Diego tells him to eat and goes off immediately. <br /> <br /> Since "Ice Age" is not only a success but it has 2 successors: The first was "Ice Age: The Meltdown", released in 2006, and the second was "Ice Age: Dawn of the Dinosaurs "which will be released next year. I can hardly die of waiting to see what "Ice Age: Dawn of the Dinosaurs" will be like.
