Presentation of Lily Mars may have given Judy Garland one of the lighter roles she had in the MGM because Lily Mars is definitely a sign she could identify with. A young girl with talent enough for ten, she knows she has what it takes to do it in the theater, no matter how much producer Van Heflin from her hometown discourages her. <br /> <br /> I really liked Judy in this one as the girl determined to do it in the theater. Because it is Judy Garland with the talent Judy Garland, you know she has the right things, although it takes Van Heflin almost the whole movie to be convinced. <br /> <br /> Both Judy and Heflin hail from the same small town, Heflin's father was the city's physician who delivered her and Heflin while perhaps moving away and becoming a major producer on Broadway, having their respective VAT, Fay Bainter and Spring Byington kept in touch. It is her entrance, but Heflin is constantly barraged with stagestruck children, but never anyone quite like Lily Mars. No real big song hits came out of Presenting Lily Mars for Garland, even though she sings all her songs. The best part of the movie is the revival of this gas light era chestnut, every little movement has a meaning all. Judy sings it with Connie Gilchrist, who plays cleaning lady in a Broadway theater, where Heflin's show is produced. Gilchrist was a star back in the FloraDora Girls, and she and Judy delivered the song in grand style with Connie. It's the best scene in the movie, as Gilchrist urges Judy to stick to it. Composer Karl Hoschna was dead long ago, but the poet Otto Harbach was still alive, and I bet he liked what he heard. The European musical star Marta Eggerth is in Presentation of Lily Mars as the show's star who is first confused, so angry and finally understanding of Garland and Heflin. She did a couple of movies with MGM and then went back to Europe for more work on the continent. I ask MGM didn't really know what to do with her and her German Hungarian accent, though Louis B. Mayer never met a soprano that he didn't like. Van Heflin does well as a patient producer, who places a lot on Garland and Eggerth. Heflin came from his Oscar to Johnny Eager the previous year, and he and Garland would not seem to be an ideal screen team, but they are not bad together. <br /> <br /> Presenting Lily Mars is a fine showcase for talents by Judy Garland. And she didn't have to split the screen into another backstage movie with Mickey Rooney.
