I've seen Slaughter High several times over the years and have always found it was an enjoyable slasher flick with a weird sense of humor, but I never knew it was recorded in the UK and I never knew that the actor playing Marty Rantzen (Simon Scuddamore) committed suicide after the film was released. I suppose I noticed while I saw last night that the actors' phrasing seems quite strange to the Americans, and some of them are not very good at saving their English accents. All that aside is the story of class nerd, Marty, who is the ham of jokes from his classmates, and on a particular day, April Fools Day, he is enticed into girl's lockers by a Caroline Munro (yes, plays a teenager ) and humiliated great time on film. Of course, the coach pulls the band to work, and they all get a strong workout to punish them, but not before a couple of guys Marty releases a joint that he tries to smoke in the chemistry laboratory, but it is full of something that makes him sick and when he runs to the toilet, one of his classmates slides in and puts a chemical that reacts with something that Marty mixes, resulting in a fire and a waste of a bottle of nitric acid that leaves poor Marty burnt and terribly scarred . Ten years later, the same gang is heading to their classroom at the good old Doddsville High, which seems odd on board and inaccessible, but thanks to ingenuity, they manage to enter and find the place apparently abandoned ... except there is a room where one party and a drink are laid out and then of course they eat, drink and rejoice. Of course they will soon die. <br /> <br /> The tire is stalked one by one by a figure in a star mask, but can it be Marty? They do not know they expect that they are either in a loony bin or working for IBM, they are not sure which ones. But who he is doing a quick job of them. Particularly unpleasant is the girl who takes a bath to wash her blood from one of her classmates whose indards popped over her when he drank poisoned beer. She is the victim of an acid bath, which I think might have been one of the parts originally cut in the tape version, because it seemed extra uncomfortable when I saw it this time. I could be wrong, but I think it wasn't on the tape. In any case, there is something of a twist ending and it also contains recordings that are not on the tape, I think. There is also a little frontal nudity early, it was also carved, but apart from that I didn't really notice if there were other bits on this undeveloped version, probably enough, but it has been a while since I last seen the. br /> <br /> At least, if you're a fan of 80's slasher flicks, click the new release DVD because it's a fun little slasher with a good mood and feel. 7 out of 10
