Slaughter High starts as another day at Doddsville County High School, where little minx Carol Manning (Caroline Munro) has fooled resident nerd Marty Rantzen (Simon Scuddamore) into the girls' space where she tells him to be undressed in the shower while he does it Carol's friends 'gang comes in and gives the now naked Marty a big surprise as they film him as they hold their head down on the girls' toilet in an April-stupid day joke. School's sports clubs (Marc Smith) rescues Marty and punishes the gang, which hardly claims Marty, they decide to play another trick on him, only this time it gets out of hand & Marty is caught in an explosion and has nitric acid sprayed over his face . Years later and the whole band is invited to a classroom at the now closed school, they all discover that they are the only ones there. They wake everyone inside where they quickly learn that they are not the only ones there when Marty is back and has revenge on his mind ... Originally shot under the title April Fool's Day, as they probably changed because of another slasher movie named April The same year, Fool's Day (1986), this American English co-production is unusual because it has three credited authors and directors, George Dugdale, Mark Ezra and Peter Litten (after never watching a movie with three credited directors I have now seen twice a week, the other is Jean-Claude Van Damme Flick Kickboxer (1989), and I have to say that I really liked the slaughter high even though it seems to have a pretty bad reputation. One of the things I like about the script is that it is a pure unashamed slasher flick, it is not trying to be anything else and it just accepts the rules of the game, short comings & trappings and plays up to them. Basically, it delivers what it promises, a homicidal killer, blood, breasts and babes. I thought the sign was okay, the story was ok, even though it is just an excuse to get a lot of teenagers in an isolated place, so some murderers might offend them one at a time and I also liked the twist ending too , which is also something Slaughter High gets a lot of flakes for. The first half starts a bit slowly, but the other half moves along with a knot speed, as there is a gory killing after the other. Some of the situations and character reactions make little sense, but the same can be said of almost any movie ever made so who complains? <br /> <br /> Despite three credited director's Slaughter High turned out pretty well, I liked the look of the movie a lot. The isolated rundown school made a really atmospheric location and looked good, the decision makers also throw in good thunderstorms and there are some fine photography especially at the end, where there are many impressive uninterrupted long-lasting stedicam tracking shots that follow Carol through various corridors of the rundown school. Although it is not particularly stylish, it certainly looks good enough and is professionally made. There are some good gore here, including burnt bodies, people melted with acid, impulse, stomach explosions, axes in the face and death of lawn mower as well as a person drowned in fecal matter down a drain! Special effects are also better than you would expect, and I was both impressed and satisfied with the higher than expected body count. Technically, the movie is better than I expected and beats the low budget wars getting released today, I would have thought it was relatively low budget though. Apparently in America, this was apparently shot in England. Harry Manfredini composes another score that looks exactly like all of his other musical scores and is basically the same as Friday 13 (1980) and it is successors. Anyone living here in England will probably recognize Billy Hartman, who played Frank as a regular in Emmerdale Farm (one of our nation's most popular soap operas), where he plays Terry Woods! While most horror fans will recognize the sexy Caroline Munro in a rare staring role. Legendary exploit Dick Randall did the act of Slaughter High & actually appears in the movie as a porn movie producer ... talk about typecasting! You can also see a poster for the misunderstood brilliance that was Pieces (1982), which he also produced behind him in his office. <br /> <br /> Slaughter High is a slasher movie that I liked a lot, did you see it? I didn't say it was good, I actually said, I liked it on a personal level, and I'm sure the predictable plot and lack of history will probably put many off so I can't recommend it, but I can say i liked it, low of what you want. Make sure you see the unknown version if you ever decide to check it out. If you are not a fan of the slasher flick genre, then High High does not beat yourself, but if you are looking for a simple and effective slasher then you can do much worse than this.
