God Bless 80s slasherfilm. This is a fun, funny movie. It's about slasherfilm. Now I don't say horror movies, just slasherfilm. It goes like this: A high school nerd is picked up by all those stupid jocks and cheerleaders, and then one of their pranks is horribly wrong. Marty starts killing the two teenagers one after many years later, after having believed them their old abandoned high school is having a reunion. It's basically the plot? What is wrong with that? That's the beauty of the 80's slasher film, most of them I would say. A lot of things could be so ridiculous, but they continue to draw you more into one 'as they pass by. Especially this movie. <br /> <br /> It has some outrageous killings and some are quite creative too. (poisoning a beer cake, acid bath, I can't remember a spade ever used in any other slasher movie) It's really a fun, fun movie. That's all it is. Never recall that the characters are complete idiots, never against their stupidity, and don't remember the monstrous, random things that occur in this movie. As light can be controlled by the killer (when he doesn't even switch any buttons, you'll see) and the toilets can cough blood, pray that can get acid out of them, just use it as part of your entertainment! Because that's what really makes it entertaining. <br /> <br /> Films like this represent 80 slashes. Never again could movies like this be done, why know? It's not the 80s anymore. Therefore, you should just cherish them for what they are, fun! I highly recommend this movie if you are a hardcore fan of Slahsers as Friday the 13th. One last note this movie also had a kick ass villain, Marty Rantzen. A disfigured nerd that kills all its old enemies in a creepy star mask. A good villain makes a good slasher. Simon Scuddamore, who played Marty apparently committed suicide shortly after Slaughter High was released. It alone adds something scary to the movie, and sticks with it, and it makes you feel more sad about the Marty character, I think. All in all, the good 80's slashers are fun! It's a shame, it never gets the same again ...
