Edward Burtynsky is a Canadian photographer who makes art out of the smallest "artificial" objects imaginable. Daily items such as boxes, boxes, metal containers, etc. - topics that most of us perceive as utilitarian at best and dismissed as being completely without aesthetic merit - are instead transformed into brilliant objects d'art of Burtynsky's camera. He achieves this result by focusing on the recurring colors and geometric patterns that appear to be ever present in the industrialized world - for those who are perceived enough to spot them, that is. Even lots of compressed trash can become beauty items when seen through Burtynsky's lens (but didn't we already know from "Wall-E"?). He is especially interested in photographing areas such as mines and shipyards, where man has already made burglary in nature - which can explain why sometimes even those in his pictures (ie the workers in these places) with their uniform clothes and robot movements become a part of the industrial landscape. <br /> <br /> "Produced landscapes", a documentary on Burtynsky's work, have a great deal of a "Koyaanisqatsi" feel to it as it dazzles us with its huge kaleidoscope of images and patterns. Director Jennifer Baichwal and film photographer Peter Mettler capture the essence of the original images purely cinematically, as their own camera counts Burtynsky and his assistant, who is photographing at a factory in China, a shipyard in Bangladesh and the construction site at massive Three Rivers Gorge Dam project in China. With their floating camera work, the filmmakers match the point-for-point beauty of Burtynsky's images. In fact, the film opens with a stunning eight-minute trace of a Chinese factory where hundreds of similarly clad workers are slipping away in perfectly symmetrical and color-coordinated rows. <br /> <br /> The movie does less Well, when Burtynsky comes around to articulate the "themes" in his work, which frankly comes out in confusion, conflicting, and certainly half-baked at best. But it is like a pure aesthetic experience that emphasizes image and form that "produced landscapes" resonate the most. In the case of Burtynsky, a picture is really worth a thousand words.
