I had heard that this film was a study of a landscape photographer's art by presenting the beauty of human deconstruction of the natural landscape. It certainly showed the awkward activities of finding sites, setup images, and capturing strict images whose final destinations were art studies worldwide. Together in moving pictures, it's really a horror show. <br /> <br /> This movie reflects the fact that you are replacing the shock of horrible images with gentle waves of a wonderfully industrial soundtrack that guides you like a slow river. Each sequence is on its own, but in combination you get deeper and deeper into the feeling of overwhelming inevitability. There are few words, this allows greatness in what turns out to preach in its own way. A horrible, massive factory filled with human machine living in hopelessly lifeless dorms. People die early while rummaging for reusable scrap in the mountains of our E-waste. The birth of giant ships and their destruction by hand in giant cemeteries. The construction of the Three Gorges Dam, the largest industrial project in human history and probably for all time. Time lapses when a city dies while being reborn in a replica of modernity that deliberately destroys all the relics of the culture that was. <br /> <br /> The most frightening picture for me was a pond engineer who explained that the most important feature of the dam was flood control. The shot switches to the plantation behind the spokesman, witnessing the level of the last flood of the poisonous water that has eaten the bark from the trees, showing that nothing but the most damaging pest could live in the waters. <br /> <br /> The obvious one that is not stated is far more powerful than your normal preaching Save the Earth documentary. The artist Edward Burtynsky explains the method wonderfully. "By not saying what to see, many people today sit in an unpleasant place where you do not necessarily want to give up what we have, but we realize what we are doing creates problems that run deep. is not a simple right or wrong. It needs a whole new way of thinking. "This subtlety falls into one or a suggestion, but the movie images scream that the decision is very made for the benefit of the dark side. Although it has never been said directly in any way, as waves of what you witness wash away from your consciousness and you are considering, there is only one conclusion possible? we are doomed. Human progress, inexorably from our nature, leaves bloodbaths that this artist finds terrifying beauty. What he is actually catching is the traces of us, the lemmings rushing unconsciously toward our own death. Unlike most films with environmental themes, it ends without calling weapons. It basically claims what is meant, but makes sure you put the blame on us all equally.
