This is a documentary that came out of the amazing work of a Canadian landscape photographer whose interest has long been in the ravages of the earth on excavations or man-made buildings. It begins with a large factory complex brought with people who make a large selection of small things, parts of high-tech equipment presumably; It is not very clear. Emphasis is placed on how large the space is and how many people there are and how they are rented outside in small yellow jackets. The film also shows the photographer working on a high structure to make a quiet of these people outside the factory and talk to his crew as he does. This is a world of relentless industrialization. It is a relief to know that these rare images are not presented without a human voice, as is the case with Nikolaus Geyrhalter's pleasantly cold documentary on the food industry, 'Our Daily Bread.' 'Produced Landscapes' contains images of people who remove e-waste and a city (many cities really) wiped out by the largest dam ever with a single flat mark shot by a little girl in the walls of her own neighborhood eating out of a bowl with a few chopsticks almost larger than she is. Some of these scenes, those with miserably underpaid workers slaving at dangerous and poisonous sites, might have been shot reminiscent of the premier engagement photographer Sebastião Salgado. But this photographer is not as interested in seeing people close. His orientation places him somewhere between Salgado and the cold, neutral modern landscapes of Lewis Baltz. All of this happens in China of course, although there are previous recordings in black and white by the photographer working around a large shipbuilding site in Bangladesh. It is supported by music in a New Age industrial style that is alternately calming and repressive. There are many many still images of the photographer's work - or were some of them made by the movie staff? It's not clear. <br /> <br /> Edward Burtynsky is the photographer's name. We see people walking through exhibits of his beautiful work - great dramatic prints of carefully crafted view camera color images with a beautiful glow. The irony is that Burtynsky makes such unique and glorious images of places that are essentially blighted, and for the ordinary eye is wiping and boring. He admits himself that he does not take any political stand. When we are able to compare his pictures with those captured by filmmaker Peter Mettler's roaming eye, Burtynsky's work is almost a form of glorification and thus falsification. But he shows us places that, if we look closely, reveal their full dark history of ravages and neglect, no matter how finely crafted the photographs of them may be. <br /> <br /> Logically, though, fortunately, Burtynsky whose voice-overs tell most of the movie is because it spans different locations. Burtynskys "epiphanies" may have inspired his decades of fine work, but they are nothing but truisms about how we change the planet irreversibly; Dependent on oil that will run out of China into the game of massive industrialization late, it can also burn off early with the release of fossil fuels. The rest of 'Manufactured Landscapes' would be much bigger if there were inventive new ideas to accompany it. The reasons for seeing it are two: to see glimpses of Burtynsky's work and the raw materials, the spaces he visits and chronicles so beautifully; and to observe scenes from the enormous, awesome, scary and rather horrible industrialization of modern China. Due to the limitations of the narrative, the idea of ​​the title 'Manufactured Landscapes' does not feel sufficiently developed. It even seems a misleading one. New landscapes they are, but they are the by-product of manufacture rather than "made." 'Landscapes of Waste' or 'Wasted Landscapes' can be better titles. There is much room left for this documentary for more intellectual search of movies on this exciting subject; And those who want to know more about Edward Burtynsky may be able to better review their books or exhibitions.
