As soon as I knew Keira Knighteley was in this flick, I said "I'll watch this movie". She is the undisputed protagonist, Domino, a bounty hunter. Her "job" as "no action" scenes would teach us, reflecting her rebellion, violent attitudes to life. I have to admit that this is the first time I see an action movie whose main scenes are the one where the weapons are far away from the characters' hands. Then it stomped me a little. Anyway, for all John Woo fans, there are helicopters falling down, explosions, shots as if it were raining, and a nice Keira shooting with two machine guns, one by hand. Cast is absolutely brilliant. Going beyond Keira, which in this movie is a real tomboy, which is very different from the lovely action figure we are used to seeing, Mickey Rourke is back with his usual slap-throwing face and his powerful body. Christopher Walken does his job very well as a reality show producer. <br /> <br /> Let's go to the content: this movie has a journalistic form. The talk show scene is "disgusting" true. Anyone who saw that load off. . . You know what, can tell that this is the air that you breathe in these situations. In addition to the producer, when Domino's mother says that the reality that should show Domino's life is "trash can, no offense," he replies, "I'm not taking it as a crime". This movie portrays a difficult life. Domino, coming from a world that didn't want her, Ed (Mickey Rourke), a bounty hunter "not so bounty", Choco (the third guy of the band), which family is (using the words of Ed) "the correctional institutes he has been, and Alf, the driver / bomber comes from Afghanistan during the Russian occupation. This group of people somehow represents humanity born "without the shirt"; unfortunate, violent and with nothing to lose, their (as they would consider) avoid miserable life. The movie's intro says it's "inspired by true story ... more or less" so I couldn't tell you how much of these things are true. Although it goes beyond explosions and dozens of weapons (which could have been "added" to make the movie easier to see and classed as an action movie), the story of the letters is realistic to be "edulcorated". <br /> <br /> The interaction between the characters is different, well-studied and absolutely not boring. What has not convinced me so much is the role of the psychiatrist (Lucy Liu, sober as never in her acting career). It only represents the reason why Domino begins to tell his story (and that's a story). Probably the only "con" in a movie with many "pros". <br /> <br /> All in all: This is not "SWAT". The characters are designed; they have an identity, a form. They have a name and a surname (not just "Gamble" and "Street"). That is to say, it is the biography of a girl whose life went as fast as a ball.
