Pre-Announcement: I'm sure someone will accuse me of playing the playing card here, but when I saw the example of this movie, I thought, "Finally!" I have not yet seen a movie about popular African-influenced dance (be it popular hip hop movements, brides or training), where the protagonist was a black woman. I've seen an excessive amount of movies where a non-black woman who didn't know anything about hip hop comes fresh to the hood and does a mediocre job with it (Breakin, Breakin 2, Save The Last Dance, Step Up), but Black women in the movie are almost non-existent. It always disturbed me when I was considering so much hip hop, African-influenced dance, and breaking with black and latinos in massive quantities in these particular sets and it wasn't always men who did it, so I felt this movie has been a long time coming. But the chain does not make the film, so I also wanted it to carry a credible plot; the dance is entertaining; and interesting to see. Benefits: I really enjoyed this movie that brings Jamaican culture. I can't remember ever seeing a popular, mainstream movie where all the main characters were Jamaican; had credible accents; and was not stereotypical with the beanies. Steppers, family, friends and even "thugs" were all really intelligent, realistic people who tried to love, live and survive in the neighborhood they lived in, doing something positive. Even when the audience was made aware that the protagonist's sister chose an alternative lifestyle, it still did not plot stereotypically. I was happy with the way it was portrayed. I LOVED stepping; the romantic flirtatious relationship takes place between two steppers; the trials that the main character's parents went through; and how she dealt to get back to her old neighborhood and deal with crabs in a barrel. I respected that she was so intelligent and active at the same time, and so many other sistas in the film handled themselves in the stage world. They were all as good as the fellows. I don't see it in too many movies today, at least not those that would be considered black movies. Cons: I am not sure why the directors or the filmmaker did this, but I wonder if they have been in real acting. When the steppes were ready to perform, some hip hop songs would play instead of steppers' hand / feet beats. On a real play, there is no need for music, except to perhaps entertain the crowds between groups. And then when hip hop songs were played, the song to the song was sometimes off to the hands and feet of the beat. It was awkward. I was more impressed with the footsteps of this movie versus "Stomp the Yard" (another great movie) because the women had to represent as hard as the boys (in "Stomp the Yard", Meagan Good got every few seconds of some prissy twirl and hair flip and (parted?) let out a chant and a few steps and were cut immediately). Even when there were very small scenes, the ladies tore up, especially in the car shop, and it was without all that music should drown their physical music. I know that audio tracks should be sold, but the movie's people could have played music in other parts of the movie. <br /> <br /> I'm not a Keyshia Cole fan, so every time I saw her, everyone I continued to think was "Is it written in the script for her to always put her hand on her hip when she talks ? " She looked uncomfortable on the screen for me. I thought they should have used a host like Free or Rocsi instead. However, Deray was fun as usual. I also moaned when I found out that the film should be in the ghetto, just as dragging couldn't happen anywhere. Hollywood, as normal. But only a few people were portrayed as overly ignorant because of their neighborhood and losers, which ordinary movies tend to do. <br /> <br /> I would have given this movie five stars, but the music played killed it for me. I definitely plan to buy it when it comes out, and hopefully the bonus scenes will include the actual step shows without all the songs.
