In Canadian director Kari Skogland's film adaptation of Margaret Laurence actor The Stone Angel Ellen Burstyn, Hagar Shipley, a proud and cantankerous woman approaching her nineties who wants to remain independent until the end, is just settling in a nursing home by her well-meaning son Marvin. The Stone Angel is filmed in Manitoba, Canada and put in the fictional city of Manawaka. It is a fair and conventional interpretation of the book that has been required to read in Canadian English colleges for almost half a century. <br /> <br /> The title of the movie comes from the stone statue listed on Hagar's mother's grave, which serves as a metaphor for Hagar's inability to express emotions in his tumultuous lifetime. Burstyn brings vulnerability and humor to the role, but it is a little too good to fully realize the ego-driven self-destructive character who managed to alienate his wealthy father, his well-meaning but alcoholic man and both his sons. As she approaches the end of her days, she reflects that "pride was my desert and the demon that led me was fear. I was alone, never something else and never free, because I carried my chains in me, and they spread out of me and bowed everything I touched. "<br /> <br /> Confronting spending her last days in a nursing home, Hagar looks back on her life and looks at her failed relationships, her memories in flashbacks without voice-over-telling. The story begins with a dance that she attended as a young girl. Chaperoned by her aunt Dolly, she meets her future husband, the former married Bram Shipley (Cole / Wings Hauser), a poor farmer whose reputation in the city is sullied due to its affiliation with the Indian people. The young Hagar is played by Christine Horne, who is unusual in her first draw role. Despite Hagar's submission, her relationship with Bram is rejected by her cold and stiff father, whose refusal to attend the wedding starts the marriage on the wrong foot. This is exacerbated by the fact that he leaves all his money to the city of Manawaka and condemns the young couple to a life of poverty. <br /> <br /> Going through the movements of her marriage to Bram, Hagar draws from social activities to avoid being rejected by the city's upper classes. When she produces two sons, Marvin (Dylan Baker) and John (Kevin Zegers), she cannot give them the love they need. "Any joy I may have held in my husband or any of my children or even the bright light of the morning," she reflects, "everyone was forced to stop at a pause of decent appearances? When did I ever speak the truth of the heart?" Like the biblical Hagar who fled to the desert because she could not further tolerate her pride, Hagar left Manawaka to live in Ontario, but eventually returned to the Shipley farm. <br /> <br /> As the scene returns to Hagar, it runs away to an abandoned house near the sea, which she remembers from her childhood to escape being placed in a nursing home by Marvin and his wife Doris (Sheila McCarthy). Here she meets a young man named Leo (Luke Kirby) who interests her and forces her to look at and take responsibility for the mistakes she has made in her life. Stone Angel pulls out all the emotional stops, but never develops his characters to the point where I felt something in the history of the story, even though Ellen Page's exciting performance as John's devoted but naive girlfriend and the moving end scenes brings a new energy to the second half of the movie .
