I was surprised at how much I enjoyed this most meticulously handed drama, which, due to its rather unimpressive 6.6 rating, I almost missed; as I rarely give time of day for any movie rated during 7/10. That said, I'm so glad I gave Stone Angel the view it deserved so much. And then, if you are one of the ever-less sensitive, soulful, and thought-provoking people left on this earth in living form. I have to say it in many ways (but not all) namely. Its themes, execution, style, production, etc., Stone Angel reminded me a lot about the highly acclaimed "The Notebook". I am so surprised that other commentators did not pick up the many similarities that repeatedly struck me through this whole movie, so I can only assume that those who have commented have not yet seen the notebook. They can't share any Alzheimer's theme, but I can confidently say that if you greatly enjoy "The Notebook," you'll surely find much to engage your time most fruitfully with "The Stone Angel". But even if you haven't seen the notebook, or read the book on which this movement is based (which, incidentally, I do not have), you must definitely find much to keep your attention fixed - as long as your favorite genres do not include fast action thrillers. This is a film for thinkers and those who would like to recall the passing of time, how life changes as the years go by, and what may have happened in one's life as one looks back over the years. <br /> <br /> This bizarre underrated yet great movie really deserves a rating of about 8/10. I can only blame his current lowish rating of 6.6 / 10 on 11% of idiots who gave it 1/10. After all, it has attracted less than 300 votes at the time I wrote this comment. Nevertheless, if the 11% that gave it the lowest ranking, did they really expect car chases and explosions, why didn't they look ... for even a few seconds on the movie's premises and promotional lines? Oh dear ... No matter what the world comes to, do not miss this most underrated gem of a movie - but only * if * you have a brain (ie your top ten does not include Transformers, Fight Club or The Terminator).
