I am amazed at how this movie (and most others have an average of 5 stars and lower when there are crappy movies averaging 7 to 10 stars on IMDb. The Fanboy mentality strikes again. When this movie came out, it hit almost everybody. ex-girlfriend said this movie questionable. Years later I sat down to watch this movie and I found myself enjoying myself even laughing. This and The Replacement Killers are the movies that had people feeling the director Antoine Fuqua as the black Michael Bay, I can't see how most of Fuqua's movies are smarter than anything Michael Bay has created, at least ... History: Alvin Sanders (Jamie Foxx) is a former judge used by a no-nonsense Treasury agent Edgar (David Morse) as a farmer to capture a killer named Bristol (Doug Hutchinson). Alvin's every move is tracked by a bug implanted in his jaw after an accident. Bristol, Bristol is after the gold stones that were taken one in a hoist gone wrong. <br /> <br /> Jamie Foxx is fun and good as Alvin Sanders. Alvin is a quick-talker that is much smarter than he likes. Doug Hutchinson is okay as Bristol. He may be over-the-top sometimes in his John Malkovitchesque demeanor. He was better here than he was like Looney Bin Jim in the Punisher: War Zone. David Morse is good as the hard-edged finance minister. Even Mike Epps is fun as Alvin's brother Stevie. Both him and Jamie had some fun moments on the screen. <br /> <br /> The only flaw in the movie is some of the trials on a thriller falling flat. The scenario on the horse racing track is far over-the-top, but I couldn't look away. The director went out there so he got points for it. Plus the bomb scene with treasury agent tied to a chair while the detonator was resting on the door was pretty nifty. All in all, Bait is not a bad movie with a long shot. It's never boring, it's always fun, and I'm not checking my watch every minute. It should count on something. Bait is one of the most underrated films in the 2000 period. <br /> <br /> PS: For the reviewer who claimed this movie is too violent .... How long have you been living under a rock? I'm pretty sure you've seen the Die Hard series and every movie by Quentin Tarantino. But these movies are not violent right? Weirdo.
