Titanic is a tragic but long and well-made love story that takes place during the unfortunate journey on the unsinkable ship. Writer / director James Cameron did a great job of making this film about an imaginary love affair between two very different people and combining this with the real Titanic event that sank after hitting an iceberg on April 15, 1912 claiming thousands of those who perished in the freezing waters of the North Atlantic liberation. The two protagonists of the film are fantastic in their roles including Leonardo DiCaprio and Kate Winslet. They make a good pair on the screen. DiCpario and Winslet also had a real chemistry together that made the love story that eventually blossomed between them and was much more believable. Both showed real talent when it came out and both continued to show just that in their most recent films. The rest of the supporting cast including Billy Zane, Kathy Bates, Frances Fisher, Jonathan Hyde and Bill Paxton in a small role are equally impressive as their characters that help them bring this film to life. The love story, the action, the suspense and the special effects are magnificent, made especially for that period. The horror of the situation in which the characters found themselves was so real because it really happened making you want most of them to survive this life or death situation. The pace was a little slow at times and it was a bit long, but the rest of the film made up for its shortcomings. Titanic is a great dating movie that will make some girls cry almost every time they watch it. The fact that this really happened has definitely added to the film making you feel sorry for all the lives lost when the Titanic sank in the Atlantic after hitting an iceberg. Altogether Titanic is a tragic harrowing story of two people who fall in love while they are on the unfortunate ship that was brought to life by the exceptional performances of the cast, particularly DiCaprio and Winslet, which surely make this film worth seeing.
