What is inexplicable? First, the hatred towards this film. It may not be the greatest film of all time, but give me a break, he got 11 oscars for a reason, he made eighteen cents for a reason. It is a good movie. Which leads to the other inexplicable aspect of it. I have no idea why this movie left such an impression on me when I saw it in theaters. I saw it on TV and video, and it didn't have the impact it had when I saw it on the big screen (twice, or maybe three times, actually). But this could be the charm of it. It's a movie, yes, capital M, it's an epic, it's a show in the order of Gone with the Wind or Ben Hur. Now, Ben Hur and Gone With the Wind seem a little strange to me, with the recitation of a hammam and excessive melodrama. Not that Titanic has none of this. Well, the acting was actually very good. The melodrama was quite heavy sometimes. <br /> <br /> But the reason Titanic works is that it's such an exciting ride. I usually like films that stimulate the mind or give me a visual thrill. This film is not exactly stupid, but it is not cerebral at all. Visual chills are simply means to an end, to feed the emotions of the public. I didn't cry when Bambi's mother died, I don't react to tears. But this is a tear in the power of ten million, an emotional roller coaster that, if it were regular, would make Buzz Aldrin scream like a little girl. And I'm sure if you see it on video and you've decided you hate it and you have a supply of cynicism, then you can't possibly try this movie. But if you let that unbelief stop you just a little, if you give this epic melodrama the benefit of the doubt, you'll like it completely. And watch the ten best grossing films of all time. Is one of them bad? Does only one of them have a score of 1 in 10? No, not even The Phantom Menace. And this film has made 1.8 BILLION DOLLARS all over the world. It can't be bad. Not possible. 10/10. <br /> <br /> p.s. how can anyone think of comparing it to Spiderman? Spiderman was a funny movie, but it was a September 11 knee that made him coarse. it was simply nothing so special. nobody will remember it in 50 years. but I'm pretty sure the Titanic will be remembered.
