In 1997, I remember that year: Clinton forbids research on cloning, the unfortunate death of Princess Diana, the Marlins won the world series and a woman gave birth to septuplets. This was also the great year of the release of Titanic, one of the greatest films of all time: a story about the ship of dreams, about a boy and a girl who fall in love but are torn to pieces by their social class and height of their emotional commitment the ship encounters disaster. I don't think anyone could expect Titanic to be HUGE as it was, the film was bigger than life and had millions of fans, 85% of them were teenagers, I was 12 at the time, and of course I saw the movie the most times. It was the film that made me believe that the love that Jack and Rose shared was so real and beautiful. At the time I felt that Titanic could not be wrong, of course I grew up and hadn't watched the movie since I was 14, a couple of years ago I saw the film on DVD for 5.99 and I thought it was a good price and to see what I got thought about the movie now. It was worth it? Was it really the best film of all time? Was that the real nose of Leonardo? OK, I know it's silly to say, but I watched the movie again. Being completely honest here, Titanic is a great movie, the best film of all time, no, it just depends on your idea of ​​a good movie, but Titanic was made romantic, humorous, disastrous, emotional and never let us go on this maiden voyage. <br /> <br /> The film begins with Brock Lovett and his team exploring the wreck of the RMS Titanic, looking for a necklace with a precious blue diamond called Heart of the Ocean. Without success, they discover instead a drawing of a naked young woman lying, wearing the Heart of the Ocean, dated the day the Titanic sank. Rose Dawson Calvert, 101, learns of drawing and contacts Lovett to inform him that she is the woman in the drawing. She and her niece Elizabeth "Lizzy" Calvert visit Lovett and his skeptical team on his rescue ship. When asked if she knew where the necklace is located, Rose Calvert recalls her memories aboard the Titanic, revealing for the first time that it was Rose DeWitt Bukater. In 1912, seventeen-year-old Rose of the upper class boarded the ship with her boyfriend, Cal Hockley and her mother, Ruth DeWitt Bukater, who stressed the importance of Rose's engagement with Cal, since the marriage will mean the eradication of Debts by Dewitt-Bukater: while they have the outward appearance of the upper class, Rose and her mother are financially broke. Distraught and frustrated by her commitment to the Cal control and the pressure her mother is exerting on her to face the marriage, Rose attempts suicide by jumping from the stern. Before he jumps, a tramp and artist called Jack Dawson intervenes. Jack and Rose embark on a provisional friendship as she thanks him for saving his life, and shares stories of his adventures while traveling and drawing; their bond thickens when they leave a lavish formal first-class dinner for the construction of a well-heeled mansion for a much more lively meeting of Irish third-class dance, music and beer. But after Cal's servant informs him of Rose's whereabouts, Rose is forbidden to see Jack again. However, after seeing a woman encouraging her seven-year-old daughter to behave like a "real lady" at tea, Rose challenges him and her mother, asking Jack to sketch his nude and wear only the Heart of the Ocean, a engagement gift from Cal. After a good time together in the first fun backseat, they go to the deck of the ship. <br /> <br /> Then they witness the fatal collision of the ship with an iceberg. After accidentally hearing the ship's lookouts talking about the severity of the collision, Rose tells Jack they should alert her mother and Cal. Meanwhile, Cal discovers Rose's nude drawing and scornful note in her safe, so she frames Jack for stealing the Heart of the Ocean by drowning him in Lovejoy in Jack's pocket. After learning that Cal intends to leave Jack to die below, Rose escapes from him and her mother to save him. Jack and Rose return to the upper floor. Cal and Jack, despite their enemies, both want Rose to be safe, so they convince her to get on a lifeboat. But after realizing he can't leave Jack, Rose jumps back to the ship and reunites with Jack on the first-class scale of the ship. Jack and Rose return to the upper deck, the lifeboats are over and the ship finally descends into the icy Atlantic bringing Jack and Rose down. <br /> <br /> So Titanic lives up to its hype? I keep saying that this is a great movie to watch, I think there were and still are some enemies who for some reason just want to throw the film away because they won a lot of prizes and everyone was in love with the movie. But he has fantastic acting, amazing effects, a well-written story and still looks impeccable. I love it or hate it, you have to admit that this movie didn't cause much fanfare just because of Leo's baby face or Kate's incredible ability to cry on sight, this movie is something special. He will always have a special place in my heart, he also saw that I saw this movie 8 times in the theater when it was released. But apart from that, I recommend this film, it's great and I will definitely go down to the classics someday. <br /> <br /> 10/10
