Titanic, directed by James Cameron, presents an imaginary love story about the historic setting of the Titanic. The plot is simple, not complicated, or not for those who love textures that turn and turn and keep you in suspense. The end of the film can be understood a few minutes after the film starts, but the love story is still interesting. Kate Winslett is as wonderful as Rose, an aristocratic young woman promised by Cal (Billy Zane). At the start of the journey Rose meets Jack (Leonardo DiCaprio), a lower-level artist as he travels to America after winning his ticket aboard the Titanic in a poker game. If he wants something, he goes and gets it unlike the upper class who is so worried about his social concerns. The two fall in love and the public sees the sinking of the Titanic mainly through their eyes. <br /> <br /> The film begins in modern times with the exploration of the wreckage by a group in search of treasures, which sank with the Titanic, which occurred recently. One of the Titanic survivors, Rose DeWitt Bukater, who had heard about the exploration of the shipwreck on television and is taken to the boat from where the research is conducted to tell what he remembers to help research. You get to tell her the memory of the one and only Titanic trip. With this, the scene moves to Southhampton, in Ireland, where the Titanic set sail from 10 April 1912 with the embarkation of all passengers. After another stop on the Irish coast, Titanic went out to see his maiden voyage across the Atlantic bound for New York. Historically the first days of the journey passed without incident, but the narrative plot of the story developed during this period, when Rose saw the inexhaustible involvement of an engagement that is in the rich world of Cal Hockley and falls in love with the third-class passenger Jack Dawson . Captain Smith, with all his solicitude, as shown in the film, was urged by the White Star Line Director to increase the speed of the ship so that they made the headlines and received further publicity by arriving in New York on Thursday evening and not Friday morning as expected. Smith then ordered the fateful decision to go against his thirty-two years of experience to stretch the Titanic's legs at full speed. The Titanic had reported that the Atlantic waters they were sailing in were full of icebergs, but ignored these warnings and proceeded at full speed as shown in the film. On April 15, 1912, an iceberg was sighted at 11:39. They tried to turn off the engines and turn the ship off the iceberg path, but there was not enough time and the ship hit the iceberg on the starboard side as depicted in the film. The representation of the numerous small holes on the side of the ship and not a large big one along the side is accurate. The Titanic crew sent distress calls and fired rescue rockets as shown until 2:18 am when the lights finally failed. The lights of California were spotted six miles away, but they could not understand what was happening and did not respond to Titanic's numerous requests for help. California had previously tried to warn the Titanic of the serious ice that had forced them to interrupt the journey, but Titanic had swept them away, causing California to turn off the radio and leave the Titanic alone. The first women and first-class children were the first to be depicted as being included in the twenty lifeboats that were on the ship. Overwhelmingly, third-class passengers suffered most of the deaths of any class and the crew was also severely hit in this tragedy. The word of White Star Line employees and first class passengers was believed to be that of second and third class passengers when the authorities tried to get information on the sinking. Furthermore, the metal that was used to build the Titanic has been found in the last few years in conditions of intense cold, which was experienced during the night when the Titanic sank extremely fragile. Overall, the basic plot is very accurate in its portayal of events and in the moments when these events took place on the Titanic. <br /> <br /> Many of the characters in the story were not real and were simply created for the purpose of the film or as composite characters to represent possible characteristics and ideas of people on the ship. Rose's main group, Jack, Cal and Rose's mother were all fictional characters added to the story as they represent different groups of people of the time. Yet many characters like the Unsinkable Molly Brown; Captain Edward Smith; the ship designer, Thomas Andrew; the White Star Line representative, Bruce Ismay; and all Titanic officers were real. The maiden voyage would still have been Captain Edward Smith's last journey as he thought he would retire later. He had been part of the White Star Line since 1880, where he made his way up to his role as captain of the millionaire when the Titanic sank. The portraits of the officers are accurate because only four survived the tragedy except the officer who threatened to kill all the passengers of the ship with his gun. He is recorded as acting heroically and has been misinterpreted to the point that James Cameron apologized and summoned a monument in his honor in the officer's former Canadian home town. As shown in the film, there was a linguistic problem between the crew and many lower class passengers from non-English speaking countries. Furthermore, Officer Lowe was the only officer who returned to the lifeboat as depicted. The elders shown in their bed as water entered their room were based on the Strauss. Not wanting to leave her husband's part, Ms. Strauss refused to get on her lifeboat and died with her husband on the Titanic. Furthermore, Mr. Goggenheim, who was shown sipping his brandy and smoking a cigar, came out as if he were dressed up. Even the richest man on the ship, John Jacob Astor, who owned most of Manhattan, died anyway, but his much younger wife was saved on a lifeboat. In addition, Molly Brown was rescued and later received medals for the Carpethia crew that collected Titanic survivors from the water. His ticket to the Titanic had cost over four thousand dollars and ended up bankrupt at the end of his life. All the interiors of the ship were masterfully replaced until the last pieces of porcelain and silverware. The gym, which is just seen, is perfectly recreated with all the machines reproduced to match those seen in the old photographs. The wonderful clothes and costumes were an excellent recreation of the post-Victorian era of 1912. The rich at that time practically dominated everything, since the women's suffrage movement had not yet completely shifted. Women at that time often married because of financial security, while Rose was thinking of doing so and usually carried a sailor status to their husbands, as Cal wanted Rose to do. The rich did not take "new money" like Molly Brown well. All the time has been very formal. The women had to be escorted to dinner by a male figure as seen in the dining scenes. Smoking was not very common among women at the time, but cigarette owners, who had just entered at that time, were used as seen with Rose in the film. The men of the time generally smoked cigars and not cigarettes. Women were physically followed by their corsets and socially by society. Although James Cameron had no experience in historical films, he brought Titanic experts along with two years dedicated to cross-referencing the Titanic's history and few freedoms were taken. The beautiful cinematography and special effects have also contributed to making the film even more breathtaking. <br /> <br /> A recognizable message can be seen in the movie Titanic as the people on the ship had about three hours to contemplate their end. The director, James Cameron, shows the various reactions to this moment of crisis in people's lives. Everyone reacts differently and makes you think about how you might have reacted if you were in that situation on the Titanic on that fateful night. Furthermore, this film is a reflection of the 90s when it was produced as it takes a look at the wreck of the Titanic. Only in the last fifteen years has the site of the current Titanic been discovered and explored. This film was able to give us a closer look at a disaster that many would not have seen. However, the moral question whether people today should take treasures from the wreckage of an underwater cemetery is posed. There have been attempts to stop treasure quests like the one portrayed in the Titanic, but all have failed. Today as today, anyone can take a journey to the Titanic and take anything of value that is portrayed in the film showing the general values ​​of our time on this subject. <br /> <br /> Technically the film is very well done. It took twelve dives to get the wreck at the bottom of the ocean to get all the footage needed for the movie. Furthermore, a special camera was created to withstand the intense pressure on the ocean floor. Cameron had no plans to use the probe to push himself to the Titanic like no one in the 88 years since the ship sank, but found that this provided a unique perspective on the ship. Moreover, throughout the film, the Titanic's meanders turn into the Titanic landscape during its real journey. This transition between the modern scene and the past scene during the journey serves as an excellent transition that makes the story easy to follow in an excellent way. At the beginning of the film a septune recreation is recreated to recreate the scene when real people leave the European coast on Titanic, distinguishing it from the rest of the film's events. <br /> <br /> Titanic sounds almost like a historical biography and is like a work of art, a true epic. Like most historical novels, we know the ending, but it does not detract from the wonderful sweets that can be found in this image. Some aspects of this film are the Academy Award material including costumes, sound, cinematography and editing. If you like interesting characters that will give you an idea of ​​the life of the characters in the early 1900s and how they deal with the disaster, then this film is definitely for you. <br /> <br />
