I avoided watching this movie for the longest time. Long before it was released, I had dismissed it as an overcrowded, overly romantic piece of Hollywood schmaltz, and I wanted nothing to do with it. I've never seen him in the theater. I shook my head in disbelief at the 11 Academy Awards - even though I had never seen it before. Then I was asked to be a judge in a public high school competition. One of the girls talked about this movie. "It was fantastic," he said. "You really felt like you were on the ship." "Nonsense," I thought. I shared my feelings with my fellow judges. One looked at me and said, "You could be right, but if she liked the movie, maybe she would like to learn more about the real Titanic: the film must have done something right to make it so interested." "Well, maybe," I thought. Then he finally appeared on Pay TV. "OK," I thought, "I'll take a look at it." I didn't want to like it - and I didn't. I loved it! What a great movie. <br /> <br /> Where to start? First: the direction. My public school high school competitor was right. James Cameron does a great job creating an almost "you're there" kind of atmosphere. The joy of life aboard the most elegant ship in the world. Nonchalance as the first thing spreads the news of the iceberg; then the growing sense of panic. You don't just look at it; you really feel it. So - the performances. The performances of Kate Winslet (like Rose) and Leonardo DiCaprio (like Jack) are excellent - Winslet is the superior, I thought, but both were good. They had their rich girl / characters of poor kids in a perfect "t", I thought. In my opinion, however, stealing the show was Frances Fisher as Rose's mother. She was as perfect as the aristocratic snob, and you could feel the fear and disgust she felt every time she looked at Jack. So - the details. I'm not an expert on the sinking of the Titanic, but I have a reasonable general knowledge, and this film does a super job to accurately recreate historical details and then weave them seamlessly around the fantasy novel. Really impressive, really. So - the song. Who can watch this movie and not get caught up with Celine Dion's performance of "My Heart Goes On." <br /> <br /> Problems. Well, the love story was perhaps too contrived, in the sense that I don't just accept that Jack moved so easily from the guide to the first class. (I know he was invited for the first time, but it seems that he continues to enter first class without being stopped until he is there for a while.) The realities of the separation of social classes were much more realistically portrayed, I thought, when the passengers of the wheelhouse would be stuck down there after the ship hit the iceberg while the first of the class were able to enjoy the half-empty boats. <br /> <br /> A little quibble, though. This is truly an excellent film. My only regret is not seeing him at the theater, where I think he would have been much more impressive. <br /> <br /> 9/10
