ELEPHANT WALK may not be the acme of literature or film, but it is great fun in the quasi-melodramatic mode. It is the story of love, both genuine and illicit, as well as the ambitious ambition, devotion and arrogance of personal tyranny. A previous reviewer, John Mankin, wonders why the focus of the film, the villa called Elephant Walk, should have been built by the former owner, the "governor" of the late Tom Wiley, right in front of the traditional elephant route to the major water source, the river. Losing this point essentially means losing the point of the entire center of the film: the arrogance of man. That his son, played by Peter Finch, should be fascinated by the super image and the enigma of his revered father, it is not unexpected, since his son was without a mother who grew up in a foreign jungle with only his father and noisy boys of his father 'club' as his reference models. The point of the father was that he was a self-made man who would have tamed nature as he pleased, and that the appreciation was not only a tea plantation on the lands that once dominated the elephants, but also that he would also dominate the great elephant bull that brought the herd, and then he would dominate his son and all around him, and so we join the story after the elephants were denied the crucial dry season to access their path to the water. Who knew that this dry season would last so long and what would elephants have done in desperation to get water? This is the link of the film: what will the animals do to get water? What will humans do to gain power or love? Ceylon, today's Sri Lanka, is the huge island off the coast of India, where the plantation is located and it is quickly learned that it is the true scenario of history, not just Miss Taylor's expenses. If it weren't for this exotic location (much of the film was shot in Ceylon), and the magnificent "bungalow" would have been just another gigantic one. We must recognize the atmosphere created here as an integral part of time and place, while it illuminates the wealth and power of the last days reached by the English "conquerors" who were an integral part of the British raj. It is only the wealth acquired through the use of virtual slave labor that a magnificent residence of ebony, teak and marble can be built. Not to be overlooked are the marvelous Jalees carvings (small windows of the railings and the edges of the doors) clearly specified by the artistic directors J. McMillan Johnson and Hal Pereira and obviously made from the cheapest work on the island. Such mastery reveals the careful attention to detail that these men sought. <br /> <br /> For those who are immune to the enticements of time, place and architecture, there is always the charm of Miss Taylor, while she marries a man that she does not actually know and is tacitly courted from another man, in the background described, and under the dominant tyranny of the inheritance of a deceased man. As I said, it is not a great literature nor a great film, but it is a great show long before that term was debased by today's extravagant special effects. <br /> <br /> This is one of those movies made to be seen on the giant screen of an outdoor drive-in, not on the TV at home, so arrange the larger screen to see it in order to fully appreciate the his refined camera-work and his reach.
