"OffOn" by Scott Bartlett is nine minutes of pure madness. It is a frontal attack of intermittent psychedelic lights and colors, pulsating, which induce epilepsy, and the first real fusion of film and video in avant-garde cinema. There is no story to talk about, but Bartlett uses images of nature ?? in particular the human face and the shape ?? provoke a sequence of emotional reactions, integrating these biological phenomena into the highly industrial form of modern technology. In a sense, the film represents the fusion of humanity in its tools, its machinery, its technology. Does this theme relate freely to the HAL9000 subplot in "2001: A Space Odyssey (1968)" by Stanley Kubrick, and, indeed, in Bartlett's sequence of opening images? flashing colors before a close human eye ?? recalls Dave Bowman's journey through the Stargate. The images are richly colored, a contrasting mix of crisp, vivid photography and increasingly grainy videos, as if we were sitting too close to a television screen {in fact, the final product was recorded by a TV monitor}. <br /> <br /> There seems to be some confusion regarding the release date of the film. IMDb lists the film in 1972, but both the National Film Registry and the National Film Preservation Foundation give 1968 the correct year. Perhaps this disparity reflects the time between the completion of the film and its first public screening. In both cases, the images are definitely ahead of their time, sometimes reminiscent of a music video from the 80s, and even a lively techno music wouldn't have gone bad! "OffOn" captures grainy and fragmented images, presenting life from the deformed perspective of a computer that processes too much information. Did I have a thought ?? and please don't laugh at this free interpretation? that an extraterrestrial civilization that captures the television signals of the Earth could very well receive such a disjointed and alien documentation of human life, a bizarre montage of images only vaguely familiar that could never give a coherent sense. Perhaps this is where humanity, with all its technology, is heading towards an irreversible fusion of film and video, of purity and artificiality.
