Directed by Govind Nihalani, this is definitely the crime film of Indian cinema. He could be the first to represent the harsh reality of corruption in the police force and in politics with no holds barred and how it affects a young policeman. A man forced to join the career of a policeman by the policeman's father. We agreed that we grew up watching a lot of good police / hindi movies but this is different. Today's generation, who grew up watching obscure and realistic films like "Satya", "Company" can be considered a product inferior to the comparison, but look at the moment of its creation. The film was made absolutely out of tune when people didn't pay much attention to this type of cinema, yet it became a much sought-after detective film in the classroom and mass audience when it was published. For Om Puri his first breakthrough in mainstream Hindi cinema and delivered a classy performance as Inspector Velankar. He is more than a policeman, he has internalized a lot, it's something original in acting. Watch his scenes with his father he hates and Smita loves. Smita Patil has kept the dignity of his character at the expected level. My God what natural expressions he brought !!! Shafi Inamdar was really a discovery for me and he is an actor of brilliant characters if he was given a chance and here in some of the scenes he even outsmarted Om. The film is also the debut of a promising villain on the Indian screen - Sadashiv Amrapurkar as "Rama Shetty". It's another story that hasn't played such a heavy role and is now almost forgotten as one of Dharmendra's noisy action films. Watch the scene where Om 1st time becomes a rebel for his father (played by Amrish Puri) and later they both share the wine together. How the inner truth began to reveal both the character and the mixed feelings of mutual love and hate. Two faces of the Indian police: masculinity and impotence and in between lies truth (ardh satya) ?? Congratulations to the touch of Nihalani. The film won 2 national awards for best Hindi film and best actor - Om Puri and 3 Filmfare Awards for Best Film, Best Director and Best Supporting Actor. <br /> <br /> Recommended for all those interested in longing for serious Hindi movies. <br /> <br /> Ratings - 8/10
