Here it is .. the first episode of Friends EVER, where we are presented to Control Freak Monica Gellar (Courtney Cox), recently divorced from Ross Gellar (David Schimmer), Hippy Pheobe Buffay (Lisa Kudrow), unknown actor and lord (Matt Le Blanc and very sarcastic Chandler Bing (Matthew Perry). Here's how the scene begins until we have introduced Spoiled kid to Rachel Green (Jennifer Aniston) at the sixth and final friend. <br /> <br /> The episode is better than most some people give credit, like every new sitcom the first episode is not always fantastic. The acting in this episode is not exceptional because the cast cannot identify and is not credible in their new characters (apart from Kudrow and Perry) that shine) . <br /> <br /> Matt Le Blanc- Man, his acting was terrible because until later, he becomes more confident, but I think he tries to be funny but at best fails. <br /> <br /> David Schimmer- Why pronounce over every word? He can't speak normally! But he has become one of the most entertaining characters in the following seasons, but he is not sure. and I can't sympathize with him Jennifer Aniston - She looks sexy, and does a good job as Rachel Green, but we only see the real Rachel after season one, Courtney Cox - She looks pretty anorexic in this episode, it's worrying, it looks totally different now, (healthier), acting is a bit rough, but everyone is in this 20 minutes as a pilot! Lisa Kudrow and Matthew Perry - I'm doing these two together because their comic timing and acting quality were exceptional, and for Lisa this was one of her first roles and it's as natural as Pheobe (Pheebs) and Matthew Perry is just Matthew Perry playing himself in practice! The quality of the episode improves later, such as the Sets, they appear dark and disturbing in this episode and make them hostile, the acting is OK, the characters gain confidence in every new scene and I am proud that this is the pilot! I hope we will see the Friends get together! because they will always be there for us!
