The Shinjuku Triad Society, although perfect, is an extremely captivating film for what it seeks to portray in its super-conventional realm. It is a photo of yakuza / triad, which involves policemen against Japanese and / or Chinese gangsters (especially Chinese, as the title suggests), but already in his first technical debut, Takashi Miike is already creating many aspects in the films he would have made from here on. Social issues such as the black market in the trade in precious goods, in this case human organs usually as children; nostalgia for childhood and its roots, which was particularly widespread in Dead or Alive 2; thumb-of-the-nose to taboos such as gay sex and rape (satirical) / violence towards women; bloody violence. It's certainly not as surreal as some of Miike's most recent films, but this is expected while he is trying things he is just starting to learn, following a track record of straight video programmers. It has all these qualities, and it is also, like the films that derive from it, equally wild and heartfelt, crazy (in points) and sardonic in its drama and solid for fans of the genre. <br /> <br /> The story concerns two brothers, one a Chinese orphan raised in Japan, Tatsuhito Kiriya (Kippei Shiina, quite respectable as an Eastwood antihero / hero), who became a detective, and another, who he became a gangster, or a -sii one. The main takeover band comes from Wang (a pun on what the band represents during his free time, played by Tomorowo Taguchi as a typical wacko with real terror in his eyes), and his partner Karino (Takeshi Caesar, who is threatening even just repeating a commandment over and over again to a woman who has just had her eyes closed after a bitter deal), who are the ruthless type of almost organically appearing in a Miike movie. There is some intrigue involving the gangster organ exchange system, of which Kiriya almost becomes a victim, and the gang's propensity for gay sex - at least with a small puppet who does whatever the main gangsters want. Everything leads to revenge and redemption, qualities that Miike and his writer are trying to emulate from Shakespeare (from here Macbeth bites with Wang who washes his bleeding hung over and over after a certain gay sex that says "don't will come out "). <br /> <br /> If it does not add to the same emotional level of the impact that a great work of Shakespeare would have, it is par for the course of a film like this. The objectives of Miike have been achieved, even if they have just met, in its low-scale ambitions: an image of gangsters with some additional levels of harsh family difficulties (the main tension between the brothers derives from the profession and duties towards the parents), notes on the most cruel aspects of criminal crime, and what is the realm of impenitent sex, with both sexes, which brings out the characters psychologically. At the same time, the Shinjuku Triad Society also contains more than a few moments of classic pungent black comedy from Miike's work. Some of them must be taken with a pinch of salt for what the director does in his outrageousness, like a little at the beginning with the chair that crashes on the face, or the randomness of the "interrogation" as he enters an area twisted. There is also a laugh from the young sex slave after finishing an act on one of the garments: "Thank you, Mr. Weeny-Burger". Miike and his writer don't have enough to make the film a dark comedy like Ichi or, of course, Visitor Q, but there's enough to bring some lightness appropriate to the darker aspects of the story and the characters. /> <br /> Like the first entry of the "Black Society" trilogy, as it is called, I was very impressed and it is a beautiful visiting card of one of the craziest artists of contemporary cinema.
