Masters of Horror: Right to Die starts late at night while married couple Abby (Julia Anderson) and Ciff Addison (Martin Donovan) are returning home, but while talking about Cliff he is distracted and crashes into a tree that fell from other part of the street. Cliff's airbag works well and he walks away with minor injuries, unfortunately for Abby who she didn't do and she ended up in a toast when she was thrown from the car and sprinkled with gasoline that set her on fire burning her whole body . Abby's life is saved, right. She is taken to the hospital where she is in severely injured and horribly disfigured by burns life assistance. Cliff decides he should die, his selfish lawyer Ira (Corbin Bersen) thinks they should let Abby die, sue the car maker and get rich while Abby Pam's mom (Linda Sorenson) wants to blame Cliff, get rich and save Abby. However Abby has other plans on her own ... <br /> <br /> This Canadian co-production was directed by Rob Schmidt (whose only horror film previously was Wrong Turn (2003), which for his own doesn't qualify him directing an episode of Masters of Horror) and it was episode 9 of the series 2 of the Masters of Horror series, while I didn't think that Right to Die was the best episode of Masters of Horror that I saw I thought was a pretty decent effort anyway and it still doesn't come close to being as bad as The Screwfly Solution (2006). The screenplay by John Esposito has a central clear idea that it is nothing new, but uses it quite effectively, although I would say it is a bit bumpy, the first 15 minutes of this focuses on the horror element of the story but then goes on a break for 20 odd minutes as it becomes a drama like the legal arguing over Abby's life and the Cliff affair is taking center stage before she returns to the track of a deliciously bloody and twisted climax that may not be for the faint of heart. The characters are a bit cliché, the weak man, the bent lawyer, the protective mother and the young tart who has sex to get what he wants, but they all serve their purpose quite well, dialogue is OK, the story is OK it moves in a nice rhythm and overall I liked it Right to Die except for a few minutes here and there where it gets lost is focused a bit and I wasn't so excited about the ambiguous ending. <br /> <br /> The director Schmidt does a good job and there are some effective scenes, which try to alternate the ghostly atmosphere and the blood and blood. There are some fantastic special effects like the usual, there are the shots of Abby where she had all the skin burned by her body and the image of her head bandaged with teeth that show why she has no lips left is rather crappy (pictures and make-up effects that remind me of similar scenes in Hellraiser (1987) and sequel), then there is the main course at the end, where Cliff literally flips through someone complete with close-ups of scalpels that open the skin and detach it from the muscle and put it in a cooler box! Very messy. There are also various assorted body parts. There is also some nudity here with at least a couple of beautiful women undressing ... <br /> <br /> Technically Right to Die is excellent, special effects are brilliant and like most Masters of episodes Horror doesn't look like a cheap made-for-TV show that basically if the truth is told is. The acting was fine but there are no big names in this. <br /> <br /> Right to Die is another entertaining and slightly twisted episode of Masters of Horror that most horror fans should definitely check out if not just for the fantastic skinning scene! Worth a watch ... for those with a stomach.
