I'm not entirely sure that Rob Schmidt qualifies as a "Master" in the horror genre, since he had previously directed a horror film called "Wrong Turn" and that in reality it was only slightly above mediocre, but the fact is that he did with "Right to Die", one of the best and most disturbing episodes of the entire second season of the "Masters of Horror" series. There was a similar story in the first season, when William Malone made the best episodes with "The Fair Haired Child" although his other feature films "Fear Dot Com" and "House on Haunted Hill" suffered very badly. <br /> <br /> The story of "Right to Die" cleverly questions the social debate on euthanasia, but fortunately it also presents many old-style horror themes such as ghostly revenge, murderous conspiracies, black humor and comic book in violence style. As I come home late one night and discussing her husband's continuing adultery, the Addison couple is involved in a terrible car accident. Cliff leaves the disaster unharmed but his wife Abby is completely burned and needs to be artificially kept alive. While Cliff and his unfortunate lawyer (Corbin Bernsen of "The Dentist") want to plug the plug and denounce the car manufacturer, Abbey's mother organizes a giant media campaign to keep her daughter alive as a vegetable and blame Cliff for . Meanwhile, the hateful spirit of Abbey returns in revenge and kills someone in the surrounding of Cliff whenever he has an almost fatal experience with medical devices. After a few victims, Cliff realizes that it might be safer for him to keep his wife alive if he wants to stay alive too. "Right to Die" is a wonderful episode and exactly the kind of things I always hoped to see from a concept of TV series like "Masters of Horror". It is violent and bloody with a sick and twisted sense of humor and a lot of sleaze sequences. The theme of euthanasia and the entire obligatory media circus that surrounds it are very well developed in the script, without however resorting unnecessarily to political considerations or lessons in morality. The atmosphere is full of suspense and the sequences of killings are appropriately bad and disturbing. Actresses Julia Anderson and Robin Sydney both have beautiful faces and voluptuous shelves, which is always a welcome advantage, and finally Corbin Bernsen is offered the opportunity to represent a petty and self-centered bastard. Great episode of "MoH"; certainly one of the highlights of both seasons.
