A man and his wife enter a horrible car accident. When the wife is left in a persistent vegetative state, the man must choose between pulling the plug and leaving her alive. The decision is made even more difficult when he realizes that his ghost wants to take revenge on him and those around him. <br /> <br /> This comes from director Rob Schmidt, who made "Wrong Turn" (a film I have not seen). With just one horror film behind and not particularly famous, I was a little reluctant to watch this episode, expecting Schmidt to be a "Horror Master" only in the most liberal sense. My apologies for my underestimation. Starting from episode 10 in a 13-episode season, this was actually the best. <br /> <br /> The problem of the "right to die" is treated and sufficiently detailed to be a solid plot device. However, this is only the foundation on which history revolves. Once the horror elements appear, the film goes from "decent" to "spectacular". Great acting, great plot, great dialogue, great suspense. Sometimes I was a little scared (which is good) and above all: the blood is in extreme abundance! I read a review of this episode before watching it, where the reviewer said that there is a strong hint of "Hellraiser" in this. During the first part of the show, I had no idea what they were talking about. Then there is a little later where some images remind me of "Hellraiser 2". However, I definitely don't want to say that this takes away the film. I see no other way to create the effect that was created and, in my opinion, this aspect is definitely better than "Hellraiser 2". <br /> <br /> Some twists appear later and may invite the viewer to take a second look at the film. I haven't looked at it a second time, but I think the beginning would make more sense if I had (not confused). Even the subplot with the dental hygienist is nice, and I found myself talking about the opportunity or not of the main character for his relationship with her or if I felt bad for him. He's a bit of an anti-hero for the whole story, if you want. I feel inclined to support him as a protagonist, but he is completely immovable. <br /> <br /> While the Stuart Gordon episode could be better and I am excited about the "Washingtonians" episode, I think I could bet quietly that this is the key episode of the season and by far the saving grace of what otherwise would have been weak and routine. When legends like John Carpenter leave me (again) I'm a little worried about the future of the genre, but then a fresh face like Rob Schmidt comes and gives me hope. This is a goalkeeper, and please bring Schmidt back for the third season!
