Stargate SG-1 follows and extends the Egyptian mythologies presented at Stargate. In the universe of Stargate, humans were enslaved and transported to habitable planets by the Goa'uld as Ra and Apophis. For millennia, the Goa'uld gathered humanity, heavily influencing and spreading human cultures. As a result, Earth cultures such as those of the Aztecs, Maya, British, Norwegians, Mongols, Greeks and Romans are found in all the known habitable planets of the galaxy. Many famous mythical places like Avalon, Camelot and Atlantis have been found, or have existed simultaneously. <br /> <br /> Currently, the land stargate (found at an excavation site near Giza in 1928) is housed in a secret US military base known as the SGC (Stargate Command) under Cheyenne Mountain. Colonel Jack O'Neill (Anderson), Dr. Daniel Jackson (Shanks), captain Samantha Carter (Tapping) and Teal'c (Judge) make up the original SG-1 team (some characters join and / or leave the team in subsequent seasons). Together with 24 other SG teams, they venture into distant planets exploring the galaxy and looking for defenses from the Goa'uld, in the forms of technology and alliances with friendly advanced races. <br /> <br /> The parasitic Goa'uld uses advanced technology to launch itself as Egyptian gods and are prone to galactic conquest and eternal worship. During the first eight seasons, the Goa'uld are the main antagonists. They are a race of highly intelligent and ruthless alien parasites similar to snakes capable of invading and controlling the bodies of other species, including humans. The original archenemy of this breed was the System Lord Apophis (Peter Williams). Other Lords of the system, such as Baal and Anubis, play key roles in recent seasons. In the ninth season a new villain emerges, the Ori. The Ori are advanced beings endowed with technology unfathomable by another galaxy, also prone to galactic conquest and eternal worship. The introduction of the Ori accompanies a deviation from the primary attention to Egyptian mythology in an exploration of the Arthurian mythology surrounding the Ori, their followers and their enemies, the Ancients.
