It is surprising that from a good film, even if not exceptional, made in the early nineties, an entire franchise could grow. 'Stargate; SG1 'is, without a doubt, a worthy addition to the science fiction genre and has the right to stand shoulder to shoulder with' Star Trek 'as the kings of science fiction. <br /> from the 1994 movie 'Stargate', this series sees the command of Stargate (a military / scientific organization) who understands that the stargate system can be used to travel across various planets across the galaxy and beyond and the army sets up a number of teams to explore. SG1 is one of these teams, led by Colonel Jack O'Neill, a military veteran, and includes the archaeologist Dr. Daniel Jackson, military scientist Capitan Samantha Carter and foreigner Teal'c, who betrayed his absolute leaders in the hope to one day free his people. The Earth quickly becomes an enemy of the Goa'uld, a parasitic race that uses humans as hosts and consider themselves equal to the gods. <br /> <br /> The first-rate cast has a lot to congratulate on bringing this show to life. Richard Dean Anderson is perfect as the cynical and sarcastic O'Neill, who can go from boy to mortal in the blink of an eye. Michael Shanks, like Daniel, brings the heart and will of steel to the character, who has grown from innocence with eyes wide open to a darker and harder one, as the show has progressed. Amanda Tapping, like Carter, has perfected the balance between the depiction of her character's femininity without understanding the fact that she is a strong and intelligent military scientist. Christopher Judge is excellent as the detached Teal'c, who is able to describe the character's emotions with delicacy. And Don S Davis is as perfect as the esteemed General Hammond who leads with a good balance of fairness and firmness. <br /> <br /> Almost all the episodes are engaging and portrayed intelligently, reflecting on moral dilemmas and friction between military interests and civil beliefs (often demonstrated through discussions between O'Neill and Jackson). Guest characters are solidly represented and narrative arcs are handled in a way that does not bore viewers. The SG1 also excels in humor, from O'Neill's jokes to episodes that are just extravagant and bizarre! SG1 has everything, from action to drama, to romance, to suspense, to the harrowing scenes of death. It's not just an excellent science fiction show, but it's an excellent show, overall.
