Tim Krabbe is the praised author of "Het Gouden Ei", a novel that has been put on the screen twice ("Spoorloos" and "The Vanishing"). One of the Dutch writer's most recent works is "De Grot", a psychological thriller about two completely different men, Egon and Axel, who meet in a youth camp and, surprisingly enough, become friends for life. Egon is a quiet person, a bit boring, who spends his time studying and writing geography books. Axel, on the other hand, is a charismatic 'party animal', a heavily drinking criminal, whose daily concern is to bring a woman into his bedroom. From the moment they meet, Axel has a strong influence on Egon, while he envies him because he has a good life without actually doing anything (like reading thick books like Egon); in the end, Egon is even dragged by Egon into illegal practices, which leads to a fatal transport of drugs to a distant Asian country. <br /> <br /> After reading the book last year, I was surprised that the critics were pretty positive about it. In my opinion, the book suffers above all from the complex structure. While Krabbe presents the story as a reassuring portrait of an uncommon relationship between two people, the plot becomes more of an enigma: the many episodes are not presented in chronological order, so two subsequent scenes are rarely in the same episode. For this reason, the story seems surprisingly remote: it is often necessary to know the background of a character to really take care of him or her. Another complaint was the fact that the main characters, Egon and Axel, are a bit stereotyped. Egon is "the obtuse intellectual", while Axel is its exact opposite. In real life there are rarely one-dimensional people; in books and movies, they always seem to be there, taking a lot of credibility away. <br /> <br /> Despite all this, the film was a pleasant surprise, being much better than the book. Adaptation excels in its beautiful cinematography, humor and acting: Fedja van Huet (Egon) is one of the few Dutch actors who can make you forget that she plays (which is, in my opinion, the most an actor can achieve). The drawbacks of the film, however, are the same as those of the book: mainly because the characters are one-dimensional, they are so predictable that it becomes boring. Guess who wrote the script? Indeed, Krabbe himself. It is obvious that this talented director (that's what the film makes clear anyway) is hindered by a deficient script. Perhaps Koolhoven should have simply chosen a better book. <br /> <br /> 7/10
