RUMORS is a memorable voice in the war series of cartoons starring "Private Snafu". The films were aimed at the military and were directed, animated and marked by some of the best talents of Warner Bros. "Termite Terrace, including Friz Freleng, Chuck Jones and Carl Stalling. The priceless Mel Blanc provided the voice for Snafu, and the stories and rhyming narration for many of the films were provided by Theodor Geisel, Dr. Seuss.The idea was to convey basic concepts with humor and vivid images, using the character of Snafu as a perfect negative example: he he was the drug addict, the little idiot who would do everything that you were NOT supposed to do.According to Chuck Jones, the scripts had to be approved by Pentagon officials, but army armies allowed the animators an unusual amount of freedom about the language and to the obscene jokes, certainly more than the theatrical censorship of the time would have allowed-- all for the greater good, of course. <br /> <br /> As the title suggests, this comic is an illustration action of the harmful power of the voices. The setting is a military camp. Private Snafu sits next to another soldier in the latrine (something you won't see in any other Hollywood movie of the time) and their casual conversation starts spinning. We observe as a superficial observation about a bombardment that is misinterpreted, then exaggerated, then transformed into an increasingly frightening voice that sweeps the field. The imaginary is really vivid: the brain of an anxious soldier is depicted as a percolating pot, while the feverish speech of another is rendered as hot, smoking air, that is "balloon juice". A cannon-fired soldier, and before you know it, the real baloney flies in every direction. Winged nonsense, to this. The panicked soldiers say that the Brooklyn Bridge has been pulverized, Coney Island has been wiped out, enemy troops have landed on the lawn of the White House and the Japanese are in California. The images become increasingly surreal and nightmarish until the field is quarantined for "Rumor-itis" and Private Snafu has been locked up in a padded cell. <br /> <br /> This is a very effective job. The directors have dramatized their theme with wit and surprising energy, and the message is still valid. In recent years we have seen that catastrophic events (real or imaginary) can generate all sorts of wild voices that spread more rapidly than ever thanks to the progress of communication. As the technology has improved, Private Snafus of our time are able to transmit their own balloon juice via e-mail, mobile phones and blogs. Consequently, RUMORS is a rare example of a wartime educational film whose essential message does not feel dated at all; actually it could be more timely than ever.
