The beauty of this film is evidenced by the great portrait of the power of a mother's love, exceptional performance, constant performance and a rather innovative script. The film tells the story of an Indian woman, Nandini, who lives in Canada with her husband Shekhar and little Raja. Suddenly her husband informs her that her family in India (of which she had not even known) is in trouble and the couple rushes to India. When they enter the village, Nanadini is shocked and terrified to witness a very wild rural culture; Shekhar's family, ruled by her cruel, very cynical and ruthless father Narasimha, lives a poor and highly violent lifestyle, full of murders and terror and where women are submissive and defenseless. Nandini begins to torment Shekhar to return home, but is soon killed by his father's enemies. When she wants to leave, Narasimha refuses to let her bring Raja back to India. Here begins the intense struggle that can be called "Nandini vs. Narasimha". <br /> <br /> India is not particularly well presented in this film, but shows only a very small minority of its rural areas, so it could also be corrected. The representation is in my opinion just and not one-sided because the positive side is also presented to a greater extent. Such a horrible vision could be shown in a film about any country in the world. The locations are incredible, the music is wonderful and the direction of Krishna Vamshi is supported by very effective cinematography and good editing. One thing that needs to be noticed is the very nice background score for Ismail Darbar's ear, it's beautiful. The characters are very well defined although we can see their bright and dark sides in different parts of the film. Realized in a realistic way throughout the film, it runs well and is an interesting and quite amusing watch. His dialogues are superb and intelligently written, and although in some places the unsettling procedure can be very disturbing, a great deal of positive moments manage to alleviate the tension. <br /> <br /> The greatest strength of the film is its performance. Karisma Kapoor is breathtaking and very credible as Nandini. His ability to strike a balance between vulnerability and unbridled emotions is simply incredible. It shows as much intensity, impulsiveness, anguish and determination as the mother who wants to bring her child back that this boy seems to be his own child. His epidemics in front of Nana Patekar who are like volcanic eruptions show us how the simplest of women can become a tiger when it comes to her son. After Fiza, this is his most powerful performance. One of the greatest actors that Indian cinema has ever seen, Nana Patekar is as indescribable as Narasimha. He manages to be as hateful as Narasimha, but admirable as the actor who plays him. Patekar shows cruelty, wit and even humanity with total conviction. It is exceptional. Another great performance is not surprising by India's most underrated actress, Deepti Naval, who sensitizes her character to perfection. Sanjay Kapoor is simply adequate and Shahrukh Khan offers great comic relief. Anyway, look at Shakti - it may have been better, but it's definitely a must-watch.
