If any film stands out in an extreme way with the acting skills of the actors, this is probably the only one. I have never seen the dialogues pronounced so roughly, but with a strong feeling. The film was disturbing at times. However, the film was terrible in editing. The film tries to go commercial by adding comedies and songs, but they feel out of place. How Karisma is beaten, and at the same time SRK is fighting (comically) with the cops. Ishq Kamina's song was very out of place. Moreover, the film is too shiny at the beginning. The direction was not bad, but certainly nothing to brag about. <br /> <br /> I must say that the actors have been chosen very wisely. Without them, this film would have had no impact. Karisma Kapoor has given her best role to date, and this looks very good on her record after Zubeidaa and Fiza. She's pretty in the first half and I've never seen an actress scream with emotions and anger like her. What is more ironic is that this is probably his weakest written role to date. Nana Patekar was excellent as her father-in-law. There is not much to say about him, besides this is a role he has done for him. Deepti Naval as a mother-in-law was excellent especially in her final scene. Although he doesn't have much to say, his facial expressions and body language were good. The other good performance was the small child. He was adorable, and he's sure to bring tears to the eyes of the beholder. The film was probably saved desperately from their performances. Sanjay Kapoor was fine, but he didn't have much to do. Shahrukh Khan was wasted in his bad boyish role. <br /> <br /> One thing that brought the audience to the theater was Ishq Kamina. The representation and the dance of the song are perfect for the raw lyrics of the song. And the Aish boy is crazy about heat. However, the song belonged to another film only because it arrived at the worst moment ever. People may have come to the film for Aish, but they won't be too important later. Hum Tum Miley had a correct rhythm, but seemed to drag on as the mood of suspense was coming down throughout the film. Damroo Bhaje was boring and nothing to get excited about. Dil Ne Pukara is too boring of a song to get the atmosphere of the movie. Despite the poor assembly, performances alone make it a must see.
