A very strong woman-woman subject after such a long time, Shakti- The Power by director Krishna Vamsi, Desi's version of Hollywood's hit Not Without My Daughter is the actress Sridevi's first home-production. A story about a woman's struggle against harsh injustices. <br /> <br /> The film's story revolves around Nandini (Karisma Kapoor) who lives in Canada with his two uncles (Tiku Talsania, Jaspal Bhatti). There he meets Shekhar (Sanjay Kapoor), falls in love with him and soon they get married. Their family is complete when Nandini has a boyfriend, Raja (Master Jai Gidwani). But their happiness is short-lived, for the news of Shekhar's sick mother (Deepti Naval) makes them abandon their perfect life in Canada and come to India. And that's when the problems start. From the moment they reach India, both are shocked to see pollution and the vast crowd of people everywhere. They take a crowded train to reach the village of Shekhar and when they finally reach the station, they have to take a long bus journey to his village. The sweaty and sweaty bus, combined with the uncertain terrain, makes it an endless journey. And unfortunately for them, a frenzied crowd that beat Shekhar out of shape due to its bus attacks. Fortunately, they are killed just in time before they can further damage it. After that, they drive to Havel, where Shekhar's father, Narsimha (Nana Patekar) lives with his wife (Deepti Naval). Nandani has understood that her father-in-law is in charge as soon as she enters the place, but her only comfort is the warm welcome of her mother-in-law. <br /> <br /> Living there, Nandini learns his father-a tyrannical law behavior and realizes that ruthless killing is a way of life for him. The day he sees his father-in-law teach his son to throw a bomb, she loses it and lashes out at him, insisting on Shekhar to return to Canada. But the terror strikes again when one day Shekhar is murdered, leaving Nandini stranded with his son in this strange land where she is upset by a cruel father-in-law. His struggle against this man to save his son is what constitutes the culmination of this exciting poignant film. <br /> <br /> What sets Shakti apart from most late films is the rural setting of the film. The only drawback is the music of Ismail Darbar, which fails to pass the script. The only thing that saves is the sexy article Ishq Kameena, which was composed by Anu Malik. Another pat for the director is because he drew some splendid performances from his cast. Karisma Kapoor is the life of the film and gave a moving performance as a helpless mother. She is sure to win prizes for this captivating portrait. The second is the actor Nana Patekar who came back with a bang with this film. His unusual ways adapt him to the hilt and he has once again demonstrated his versatility in this role. Sanjay Kapoor is the surprise package of the film with a sincere and effective representation that opposes both the other actors. Deepti Naval is also in top form and his showdown with Pr-climax with Nana is commendable. Shahrukh's cameo offers the lightest moments and was certainly pulled in to get the required stellar value. Although his role was not really required, he did it well. Overall, Shakti is a far superior film than most churned these days and the Pr-release hype is sure to have a good opening. Shakti is sure to get the critics and the public up. What if the film needs to be desperately cut from at least 2 rollers to improve the impact. Shakti still has the power to go on without a hitch!
