Sunday 27 July 1997, the first episode of a new sci-fi series entitled "Stargate SG-1" was broadcast on Showtime. A spin-off and sequel to the 1994 movie "Stargate" with Kurt Russell and James Spader, the series begins about a year after the events featured in the film. For ten seasons, he recounted the adventures and misadventures of an intrepid explorer team known as SG-1. Originally, the series featured Richard Dean Anderson as Colonel Jack O'Neill (two "l" s!), Michael Shanks as Dr. Daniel Jackson, Amanda Tapping as Captain Samantha Carter, Christopher Judge in the role of Teal'c and Don S. Davis Major General George S. Hammond. For ten long years, we have seen the team fight against the Goa'ulds, the Replicators, the Ori and many other attackers. At the same time, they forged alliances with the Asgard, the Tok'ra, the rebel Jaffa, the Nox and the Tollan. They saved the world no less than eight times over the years and never gave up, not before they died. And sometimes not even then. <br /> <br /> As with all long-lasting series, there have been numerous changes to the cast. Michael Shanks left the series in January 2002 at the end of the fifth season to broaden his horizons as an actor. Daniel Jackson's successor as a team resident archaeologist / geek was Jonas Quinn, an alien from a country called Kelowna on the planet Langara, played by Corin Nemec. However, Shanks returned to the start of the seventh season in June 2003 and Nemec left at the same time. Unfortunately, he only made another appearance and his character was rarely mentioned later. Don S. Davis left the series at the end of the seventh season in March 2004, feeling that the time had come to go. The original star of the show and probably his most popular actor, Richard Dean Anderson, starred in the series during his first eight seasons. His participation in the seventh and eighth seasons was considerably lower than in previous seasons. Eventually he left "SG-1" in March 2005 to spend more time with his then six-year-old daughter. Jack O'Neill was by far my favorite character in the series and, to tell the truth, I have never appreciated the last two seasons as much as I did for previous episodes for precisely this reason. <br /> <br /> The ninth season represented a new era for the program. With the departure of his main actor and the defeat of the Goa'uld and Replicators in season eight, many fans thought the series should come out high. Regardless, the series continued for another two years with the Ori replacing the Goa'uld as the main opponents of the series. Three new characters have been introduced to fill the gaps so to speak and to help inaugurate this re-invention. Ben Browder entered the role of the presumptuous pilot of the Southern Air Force, Lieutenant Colonel Cameron Mitchell, the new leader of SG-1. His co-star of "Farscape", the beautiful Claudia Black, began to play a leading role in the series as the lively, sexy, hilarious and certainly outgoing Vala Mal Doran, a former Goa'uld conductor and artist of a other planet. A recurring guest star during the eighth and ninth seasons, she joined the full-time cast at the start of her tenth and final season. Completing the cast was the legendary Beau Bridges in the role of Major General Hank Landry, the new SGC commander and an old friend of Jack O'Neill and General Hammond. Over the past two years, they have acted together with the faithful "SG-1" (Michael Shanks, Amanda Tapping and Christopher Judge) and have become precious parts and have contributed equally to the Stargate franchise. <br /> <br /> Alas, all good things must end. During the initial broadcast of the first several episodes of season ten, the votes dropped considerably, resulting in its cancellation in August 2006. After ten seasons and 214 episodes, the dream was finally over. On March 13th 2007, what started with "Children of the Gods" ended with "Unending". The series finale was presented as a world premiere on Sky One in Great Britain and Ireland before being screened in the United States on the Sci-Fi channel in the United States on June 22nd, 2007. <br /> <br /> In the ten years in which the series was aired, massed legions of fans and even eclipsed the science fiction series "Star Trek" in terms of popularity in some countries. It became the second longest sci-fi series in the world, second only to "Doctor Who" (1963-1989) and to the longest science fiction series produced in the United States, having passed "The X-Files" only a few months before that ended. <br /> <br /> "Stargate SG-1" represents the cornerstone of the "Stargate" series. In 2004, its success and popularity led to the production of a spin-off series entitled "Stargate Atlantis", which unfortunately was canceled after five seasons and 100 episodes in August 2008. Although the plans for another feature film they failed, two directed at DVD films, "Stargate: The Ark of Truth" and "Stargate Continuum", were published in 2008 and others are planned for a not too distant future. A third live-action series, "Stargate Universe", is also scheduled for the premiere at some point next year. (There was, unfortunately, an animated series, "Stargate Infinity", which only worked from 2002 to 2003, but the less I talked about, the better). Despite the end of "SG-1" and "Atlantis" as ongoing series, the future of "Stargate" looks very bright indeed. <br /> <br /> In conclusion, while "Stargate" has not yet achieved the same degree of popular accolades as other major science fiction television franchises such as "Star Trek" and "Doctor Who", it is still relatively new compared to those two giants of science fiction and I have full confidence that it will continue for many, many years to come.
