Irregular Bollywood drama. Karisma Kapoor is excellent as an Indian woman in Canada who marries a friend (Sanjay Kapoor), has a son and then visits her family in India only to find out that they are terrorist warlords. Drama and tragedy arise and the film becomes a sort of NOT WITHOUT MY BABY style thriller. The film is compelling, its few numbers of songs / dance are uninteresting and useless, the gaiety of the Bollywood song and dance is really out of character due to the intensity of the drama of this film, at least once we have left the comforting boundaries of their Canadian love nest ?? even if a number involving a cameo by the beautiful Aishwarya Rai is pleasantly provocative, even if in the end it is out of place. Similarly, the inclusion of Bollywood superstar Shahrukh Khan as a happy and fortunate tramp helping Kapoor in his escape from the clutches of the warlord transforms what had been a very serious drama into a foolish farce, and gets to his feet when his character ?? and his Rai fantasies that generate his cameo dance ?? are dispensed with. His dialogue, comic dialogues and the stupidity of his fight scenes distract the main drama of the film. The cast is well supported by Nana Patekar in the role of warlord, and elegant Deepti Naval who is as exceptional as his long-lived wife who eventually chooses to oppose him in one of the film's best scenes; Ritu Shivpuri and Rajshree Solanki are also very good as the sisters of Sanjay in India and are very pleasant. But Sanjay himself manages to overwhelm terribly, especially during the obvious advertisements. The directorial style of screenwriter / director Krishna Wamsi is scruffy, rampant with abrupt transitions and sharp cuts, even though his camera movement is good. The musical subtitling is also quite effective, moody, with a female voice without words on a small orchestral ensemble (too ugly, if nothing else, included in the CD of the SHAKTI soundtrack, but Bollywood has not yet discovered the value of including the score together to songs on their soundtrack albums, at least not in most cases). But SHAKTI is Karisma Kapoor's film, however, and the intensity of her performance, once the film has moved to India, contrasts nicely with the sweet love story with which she engaged with Sanjay in the early Canadian scenes. Despite the irregularity of most of the image, Karisma's performance completely sells the film and solidifies its otherwise incoherent measures. In a strange way, moreover, I found the story as another take on the ostentation of royalty that I had noticed in CURSE OF THE GOLDEN FLOWER and MARIE ANTOINETTE, both of which I had seen before, although SHAKTI is obviously a type of film completely different; but the attention on a dysfunctional royal family ?? here living in the austerity of poverty controlled by terrorism in India rather than in the elegance of Versailles or in the massive megalomania of the Tang dynasty of feudal China? whose selfish search for power brings ruin on many others and forces a revolt of one kind or another provides the film with a remarkable subtext.
