When a wealthy tycoon is killed in a plane crash, his spinster twin sister, Martha Craig (Madge Kennedy), does not believe that she has seized the checks in a suicide dive (although the self-snuff runs in the family) but her three beautiful to daughters could not care less. The pilot, Jim Norton (John Bromfield), goes to work for Valerie Craig (Kathleen Hughes) who soon forces him to help control the estate of the estate by his tormented sister, Lorna (Sara Shane) and the family lawyer (Jess Barker). Valerie wants Norton to seduce Lorna when she doesn't reject the advances of another sister, the nymphet Vicki (Marla English), but her plans are thrown into crisis when Norton falls in love with her prey. All bets are passed off as a world of trouble, including corporate crimes, seductions, suicides, blackmail, a conspiracy to murder, the Mann Act, double crossings, disfigurement and poetic justice: "Craig Manor", a massive mansion on a promontory overlooking the sea ... <br /> <br /> This gigantic absurdity would have been a perfect second feature for WRITTEN ON THE WIND, again starting in 1956. It was said that the Douglas Sirk saga of a powerful (and powerfully dysfunctional) oil clan I inspired DALLAS, the nightly television series of the 80s, but the excursion from the lower part of Craig to madness seems to have come out of its sinuous soap-soap, DYNASTY. All three brothers (only one of which is really bad) are beauties, but it is the wickedness of Kathleen Hughes cartoons that stands out. Valerie is relentless in her quest to inherit family fortune and her unbridled enthusiasm for evil is one of the film's many guilty pleasures. Even her teenage sister Vicki is quite a job, remembers Carmen Sternwood in THE BIG SLEEP. When they meet for the first time, he pulls the equivalent of trying to sit on Norton's lap while still standing entering him with the phrase "I graduated summa cum laude from Embrace-able U." WOW! <br /> <br /> THREE BAD SISTERS, produced by schlockmeister Howard W. Koch, is a terrifying garbage in excess of exploitation and the cast is B-Movie Heaven: Marla "She Creature" English, 1950s John "La revenge of the creature "Bromfield (once married to the French sexpot Corinne Calvet), the universal star Sara Shane (discovered by Hedy Lamarr), Jess" Mr. Susan Hayward "Barker, Kathleen" It came from outer space "Hughes, and ex silent The screenplay star Madge Kennedy gives everything she has - in any case, a lot or a little. The star of the future Eurotrash Brett Halsey (TRUMPET OF THE Apocalypse) is briefly seen as one of Vicki's victims. <br /> <br /> B-Movie Evaluation: 10/10 Marla (and her English body) made wonderful films! THREE BAD SISTERS was recently seen on the big screen as part of the Palm Springs Film Noir Festival, but the jury is still cleaning the soap foam from ... aw hell, it noir (5/10 on the noirometer).
