Most images of the Yeti are fatally undermined by a severe lack of energy and enthusiasm. Not so gloriously folded, bat and furious exaggerated kitsch in Italian swoop made in Italy: it is an incredibly mature and vigorously deadly ghostly marvel that reaches a staggering apotheosis of righteously cooked food "what the hell is happening?" <br /> <br /> A crew of merchant ships discovers the body of a 30-foot yeti that looks like a 70s disco (complete with afro wavy jumbo) perfectly preserved in a large piece of ice. They kill the beast, bring it back to life with electric charges, severely mistreat it and keep the poor hairy Goliath in a huge glass cabin. Before you can say "Hey, the filmmakers are obviously tearing" King Kong "away," our titanic abominable snowdude gets rid of his cage, grabs the first lustful blonde Euro Eurox vixen (the gorgeous Pheonix Grant) with lustful eyes, and storm away with his new beloved love. The yeti is recaptured and taken to Toronto to be shown to a viewer audience. Of course, he frees himself again, takes the fox, and continues to go around the city. <br /> <br /> The sublimely stupid dialogue (example: "Philosophy has no place in science, professor"), cheesy (far from) special effects (the horrible transparent blue screen works and the raw miniatures of the toys of Tonka are particularly terrifying in their terrible horrendous), awkward (bad) director, and a heavy script that also tempts an awkwardly sincere "Is the yeti a man or a beast?" the ethical debate all combine together to create one of the most deliciously ridiculous monster monsters individually to roar its absurd way across the big screen. Better yet, we also have some unusual and funky touches to add a further unpleasant spice to the already succinctly schocky cinematic beer: the fox accidentally grazes one of the yeti's nipples, which causes it to harden and elicit a grin of approval from the mocking giant (!); the fox suckles the yeti's injured hand while he eyes goo-goo at her, the yeti smashes the windows with his feet as he climbs an impressive office building, and the furry guy even breaks a man's neck with the toes (!!). Overall, this classic, shamelessly embalmed stage field should be a remarkable celluloid madness infectively asinine celluloid that is worthy of being followed by an underground cult series.
