Here is another movie that should be uploaded to a satellite, shot into space and pointed in the direction of the Andromeda galaxy to show potential civilizations far the best of humanity. This film is so incredibly stupid and honestly revealing in being little more than a rip-off of the already ugly classic KING KONG cinema of 1976 that not only succeeds in undermining that film in terms of sheer madness, idiotic stupidity laughs, but it has predicted very successfully of the miserable 2005 cartoon by Peter Jackson of the same name, up to a "love story" between the giant (here a Yeti) and a beautiful human woman (Antonellina Interlenghi from CITTÀ DEI VIVENTI by Umberto Lenzi, who it's very eyes). <br /> <br /> The film was made for children, so apart from some insinuations for fish bones and a bizarre nipple to greet sex: the Yeti even has a sort of giant jock strap to cover the its monstrous package, the result is even more fun than anatomical correctness. But as a compromise you have an extravagant old scientist, two curious children, Tony Kendall in a rare turn as a duplicate bastard of a villain, a useful intelligent dog collie who gets his adventure (the Dog Adventure films were great in Europe for a while ') and obviously emerges as the hero in the end to save the Yeti, who turns out to be the good guy, glorious stuff like front loaders decorated to look like giant monkey hands, a monster whose size literally changes from one blow to the other another, some inappropriately horrible deaths that will make the carnage in GODZILLA VS THE SMOG MONSTER a little domesticated, the mass a-abundant shooting shots made by extra Spaniards, Italians or Canadians depending on the scene (you can tell where they were shooting from how the extras are dressed), and some of the most enthusiastic but inept special effects always work in a giant monkeys movie. <br /> <br /> It is here that the film won me over: it is enthusiasm just to be but de. Frank Kramer is actually the same Gianfranco Parolini who brought the SARTANA world in 1968 and GOD'S GUN the year before and was a very important director in the Spaghetti Western and action / adventure film scene of the '60s 70 and at the time of YETI he was probably happy to get the job. I would say that this is his most adventurous film ever, or rather the one with which he has had more chances, and he may have felt more at ease in seizing opportunities with the film aimed at children and families. The film has a sort of reckless abandonment to the way it was made that makes technical errors or inconsistencies totally meaningless. Or rather, they are part of the fun, and if the movie was played seriously it wouldn't work - THAT IS EXACTLY WHY PETER JACKSON'S FILM HAPPENED. <br /> <br /> You forgot to have fun with the material and let dictate the result using your army of stupid Power Macintosh pod animators, and with all its flaws + clunkiness, Kramer's YETI is actually closer to the spirit of why we watch movies like this, which is partly to see actors in monkey outfits tearing apart miniature sets on stages, not animated hours of anything other than hard drive space. I would classify it with KING KONG VERSUS GODZILLA and IT! CURSE OF THE GREAT GOLEM as one of the most incredible monster movies ever seen to go crazy. Because the film seems so "fake" that you can overcome the story and have fun watching the things that are destroyed, trampled, tossed and destroyed. Knowing that, armed with a fertile and energetic enthusiasm for having the chance to make the film, Parolini pulled off the brake and offered a full-bodied adventure that could become a bit harsh for some of the little tykes but it's the first film I'll make never share with your grandchildren one day when their stupid parents leave them with me for a weekend. This is stuff for the centuries and one of the most eloquent expressions of humanity that has ever been entrusted to celluloid. <br /> <br /> 10/10, it's about ten minutes, but who cares, come only once and I'd rather go out with a smile on my face.
