I saw it when it came to the video for the first time, my little sister received it as a gift and I was probably 12 years old ... What struck me was the lack of a conflict in the middle of the film that so many movies have, in which the main characters get angry at each other because when the time comes to explain themselves they don't simply say the only thing you're screaming on the screen that could make sense of the whole thing, that any person of reasonable intellect would know to say. This is what I like best about the film, I imagine, that the main characters do not mean things to each other halfway ... they do not leave and invent themselves, they grow and love each other the film continues. <br /> <br /> These two guys come together and even if at first they seem to be on opposite sides of the track, they aren't all that different. Loui is actually just a middle-class boy who had to realize how lucky he was to have a loving family, and Cecelia was an upper class girl who just needed to prove to her family that she existed and that she would miss her if had disappeared. Anyway, I saw this movie published on Hulu and I had to watch it again ... of course there are holes in the plot if you analyze the script and no, Woog and Dweeb shouldn't eat hot dogs because they would have been herbivores in reality . <br /> <br /> Now, what takes away from the film is its unexpected scaryness. Kids under the age of 5 would probably be scared of the scenes with Dr. Screweyes. And the addition of him in the middle of the film (even if it's obviously obvious in the first scene that will make an appearance) is too abrupt ... there should be a taste of him doing his first show in the film, perhaps to show that it's not so scary without the dinosaurs. I imagine that there was no real danger present for the entire first half of the film, so that it lacks some continuity when it appears for the second half. <br /> <br /> Considering the target audience, who I am sure, I can neglect the not so overwhelming animation and the questions of dialogue ... I think that I will also give a passage to those factors, and I enjoy only the history . It is a great film for children and it remains in your mind ... it makes you think about how you treat people and should be revisited every 10 years.
