Wow, many reviews for the Devils experiment are here. Wonderful. My name is Steve and I manage Unearthed Films. We have just started distributing the Guinea Pig films on DVD for North America. Now before asking why am I writing a review? Instead, ask why some people hit him. I'm writing this review because I love films about Guinea Pig. Because I like them, it's because they go to the throat and don't let go. I saw everything. Almost all the horror films known to man, Argento, Fulci, Bava, Buttgereit. from every sense of underground cult to all the Hollywood hits. I saw everything and the films that I have been imprisoned over the years have certainly been the films of Guinea Pig. Because, why not try to hide the reason why we watch horror movies in 1st place. This review is for the Devils experiment. I find it devoid of a story that is good for me. Why do I watch horror movies? So I can see the blood and the blood and the torture of people. The Devils Experiment not only offers but is all that is. Pure unadulterated violence. Yes, I like a story but sometimes I just want the gore and the Devils experiment offers ten times. Because people hit him. Because they like a story, so that the torture and death of a person can be hidden behind a story. It makes them feel better about themselves. We all want blood and blood. It is really difficult to justify it if it is not wrapped in a story. The Guinea Pig films have a historical significance for them and created a definitive splash every time they were released. <br /> <br /> I am thrilled to be able to publish one of the most famous horror series in the world. Maybe I shouldn't have written this review but maybe I should do it again. My point of view is biased because they were released but then again it is not. I've always told people to find them and watch them well before starting Unearthed Films. Of course it is exploitor and over the top but this is not the reason why we watch horror films in 1st place. The Devils Experiment is NOT for everyone. It is only for those who love thrills and gurus. If you think Jason and Freddy Krueger's films are fantastic, stick to them. But if you're at the next level and you've seen all this, the Devils experiment is for you. There is a reason why they have not been released for over 17 years. They are wrong, they are disgusting and they are out of their minds and they are not something to look at with your mother, unless it is completely fashionable. Good luck, have fun and never stop living your life.
