I'm a big fan of movies where people get scammed, and House of Games is almost the pinnacle of "movies where people get screwed". In short, it is an exceptional thriller that keeps you at the edge of your seat by providing interesting characters with many levels and that never really reveal what is happening, while they launch many twists and surprises to completely turn things upside down. The film is about the public on many occasions, and although we know it; it's still hard to guess where it's going, and every shot comes out as a surprise. As mentioned, I am a big fan of the cons in the movies and the plot of this follows a female psychiatrist who receives a patient with a huge debt due to a gambling partner. Then he goes to the gambler in an attempt to help his patient, and along the way is drawn to the art of reading people to pull out a house. It breathes a dreary atmosphere in everything, and David Mamet is right to establish the setting of his film in the basement of the city. The film is also well acted, with all those interested bringing their characters to life and credibility with the utmost ability. Joe Mantegna plays the scammer in the heart of the film, and even if his performance is a bit hard-fought, he is always solid and credible as the villain of the piece. Lindsay Crouse is at her side as the psychiatrist seduced by her work, and again is credible in her role. She may not be the greatest observer, but at least she can act. The way the film plays the plot is the main protagonist of the show, however, and you will no doubt be surprised on several occasions how the film constantly manages to amaze and deceive the viewer. Sometimes it's almost like we're in the middle of the action and we get scammed by the scammers in the movie. Another nice thing about this movie is the way it shows the public how to pull off certain disadvantages, which is useful if you're interested in earning twenty dollars, for example. All in all, House of Games is a first-rate thrill ride.
