David Mamet wrote the screenplay and made his directorial debut with "House of Games", a character study full of psychological nuances, in which a psychiatrist is lured into the dark world of trust. Margaret Ford (Lindsay Crouse) has a successful practice and has written a bestselling novel, 'Driven.' However, he is a little unhappy with his personal life; there is a void that can neither define nor resolve, and triggers its vulnerability. When a patient, Billy Hahn (Steven Goldstein), confides during a session that owes money to some gambler, and who will kill him if he doesn't pay, he decides to intervene on his behalf. This brings her to the "House of Games", a small squalid dive where she meets Mike (Joe Mantegna), a charismatic swindler who wastes no time before luring her into his world. Instead of "twenty-five big" that Billy claimed to have, Mike shows her his book, and turns out to be eight hundred dollars. And Mike agrees to cancel the board if he agrees to do him a simple favor, which involves a card game he is playing in the back room. In the middle of a big hand, Mike will leave the room for a few minutes; while he is leaving, his job is to look at the "tell" of one of the other players. At this time, not only Margaret, but also the public is passionate. Mamet's unique dialogue and style and the precise rhythm with which his actors express their lines are mesmerizing. While Mike leads Margaret through his irresistible and surreal realm of existence, and introduces her to the intricacies of the scammers game, we are swept away along with her. From that first memorable encounter, when he demonstrates what it is "to say" and how it works, to the lessons of the "short game", to the wonderful climax of this film, Mamet maintains courage with an urgency that is implacable. And nothing is what it seems. In the end, Margaret learns some hard lessons about life and human nature, and about herself. She changes; and whether or not it is for the better is open to speculation. Mantegna is absolutely thrilling in this film; he lends all the nuances possible to a complex character who must be able to guide you voluntarily in the shadows, and does so. Crouse also turns into an exceptional performance here; you feel the rigid and turbulent tumults under that self-confident outer calm, and when your experiences with Mike induce change in you, it makes you feel how deeply it has penetrated. She makes you believe you are capable of what she does, and she makes you understand too. The dynamic support cast includes Mike Nussbaum (Joey), Lilia Skala (Dr. Littauer), J.T. Walsh (The businessman), Ricky Jay (George) and William H. Macy (Sergeant Moran). `House of Games' is the Mamet par excellence; Since then he has written and directed a series of high-caliber works and films, and will no doubt honor us more in the future. But this film will be what defines it; and you can go to the dictionary and look for it. You'll find it under "Perfection". This is a great movie you don't want to lose. I consider this 10/10.
