Jim Carrey has returned to the same role he played in The Mask, a shy boy who is trying to move on in the world but who seems to be tormented by bad luck. Even when he tries to help a homeless man to be tormented by a group of thugs (and of course they have to be Mexican, of course), his goodwill towards his fellows backfires. In that case, it wasn't too hard to predict that he was going to have a handful of angry thugs, but I like that the movie suggests that things like that shouldn't be ignored. I am reminded of the episode of Michael Moore's brilliant The Awful Truth, when a man lay down on the sidewalk pretending to be dead and seeing who would stop and make sure he was okay. The results were not very promising, so it's nice to see someone in the movies set a good example. <br /> <br /> Jim Carrey plays the part of Bruce Nolan, the good guy mentioned above whose life seems to be falling apart. Or even better, it seems that it is breaking with bad luck like an asteroid that penetrates the atmosphere (a small metaphor that emerges when Bruce miraculously finds himself a giant piece of news later in the film). Bruce is almost 40 years old and all he has to show is a position as a reporter of the type who brings back such exciting news as the local bakery that is trying to prepare the largest biscuit in the world. He has a desperate attempt to get the job of anchor chief at the television station, but he loses his calm on live TV when he hears that the job has gone to his rival colleague. You must love how they have time to reveal this news to him a few seconds before his first live report. Needless to say, he loses his patience on live TV in one of the most entertaining scenes of the entire film. <br /> <br /> Morgan Freeman offers a fantastic performance like the Man himself, showing a God whose infinite wisdom is somehow reflected through Freeman's great talent as an actor. He is the kind of God who takes his work very seriously, but in such a way as to advise his followers (as well as the spectators of this film) that there are times when it is necessary to slow down and do some manual work in the life. I love his joke about some of the happiest people in the world coming home smelling of the sky at the end of the day. There are many people in the world (perhaps more than our part in America) who are so absorbed by their money and their property and their work and by all that they have completely lost touch with the natural side of themselves as humans. <Br /> <br /> One of the biggest strengths is that the film is able to provide excellent advice to people in general about improving their lives and this message is clear and acceptable regardless of the religion of the viewer. I, for example, tend to reject organized religion in all forms and see God and Satan as metaphors for different aspects of nature and human psychology, rather than real figures who have ever lived or continue to live. But despite the fact that I don't believe that God exists as an entity that oversees the universe or as a janitor dressed all in white who dries the floors of his downtown office in his spare time, I was able to appreciate the messages that were delivered in this movie. <br /> <br /> Jim Carrey's films show this fantastic evolution that binds them all together and makes them even more beautiful just because you can see how far it is. If you compare Bruce Almighty with films like Ace Ventura (both of which I loved, by the way) or much of what he did before he got into the cinema, it's amazing how far it has come. He has moved from cheesy television comedy to cheesy comedies to comedies that are as intelligent and meaningful as this film, as well as others like The Truman Show, Man on the Moon and The Majestic (easily one of his biggest ever films ). Jim Carrey has unequivocally moved from the comedy of his past to become one of the most important comedians working today. <br /> <br /> Even Jennifer Aniston provides an excellent addition to the film (as she did in the side-splitting Office Space) as Bruce's girlfriend, who becomes increasingly exasperated by Bruce's growing stress on her life and by the his negligence of asking her to marry him. In the film there is certainly some low-level comedy that does not perfectly fit the importance of the meaning of the film or the quality of the delivery, like the dog reading the newspaper on the toilet and the whole monkey scene, but it was definitely nice to see Ace Ventura's friend, Spike, make a cameo. As Stephen King knows, it's always nice to see familiar characters. It's almost like seeing the family again. <br /> <br /> Bruce is endowed with the powers of God for a given period of time so that he can understand life a little better, and he says a lot about himself when he uses the powers only for his own purposes rather than help all the people who pray to him. The thing I love about this is that, as I said before, religion is absent from my life, but I have been able to observe this and learn a lot about myself by thinking about what kind of things I would have done if I had been endowed with such powers. The film allows us to learn vicariously in this way, which further enhances the message. <br /> <br /> The scenes involving the news station are easily the most enjoyable of the entire film, such as the scene in which Bruce loses his cool about the anchor position, the Jimmy Hoffa scene (which was appropriately buried with an original birth certificate and a complete set of dental records), the scene in which Bruce's rival colleague is made to go crazy with the camera, and my favorites, those at the beginning and end involving the local bakery's kitchen . The film has a lot of time for Carrey to make excellent jokes, like when he tells God (which reveals that he is the caretaker, the owner, the electrician, etc.) that his Christmas holidays must be real, and be careful about drinking, because you might need a ride on him! I also loved the end when he says that behind every great man there is a woman who looks up to the sky. A little too true, and as Gallagher would add, behind every great man there is also an amazed mother-in-law. <br /> <br /> Bruce Almighty is one of the most memorable comedies that have come out of some time, and is probably the only religious directly that I can remember having seen that I am anxious to buy on DVD to add to my personal collection. It is a comedy written and performed with good taste, but with relatively low humor to entertain children. This is a significant comedy for the whole family, which is becoming increasingly rare these days. In a world that is about to be whipped with yet another American Pie film And another Scary movie (which are just scary because of their pure and barbarous idiocy), it's nice to see that there are still people who make comedies worthy of being views. Don't miss this.
