This is a good episode of The New Twilight Zone which actually includes interesting ideas and clever stories (I notice that both are based on stories). "Examination Day" is set in the future, an unknown year but at a point where they have candles that light up, huge "telephones" with a television appearance that double like many other amusing machines distributed only to those of a certain age ... and the Examination Day, a point at which 12-year-olds must undergo an IQ test required by the government. The guy is this story, Dickie Jordan (David Mendenhall) celebrates his twelfth birthday and is a smart guy, so he is calm, anxious to take the test that saw friends pass easily and knows how to excel based on his school grades. His parents (Christopher Allport and Elizabeth Norment), on the other hand, say he shouldn't have used his birthday wish to get a good score, and even if their reason includes that they believe they are capable and should not have need to worry, it is quite obvious that they are worried. I will not give anything in the final, but I will say this - there is a point where we can take a look at what will come after so much because the test is such a heavy topic: that evening (or another?) His parents Ask Dickie, if you'd rather watch TV all night. By today's standards, we would be glad that he would say he'd rather read than just because there's nothing worth looking at ... but why should his family ask for it? The taste of what is encouraged and discouraged in the future reminded me a little of the atmosphere of Harrison Bergenon (which I felt did not receive much screen adaptation). I just hoped they could provide an initial and final narrative to make this theme as powerful as The Obsolete Man. I found it to be better than the story it was based on. I didn't read what "A Message from Charity" was based on, but I'd like to see it was interesting - a 16-year-old boy, Peter (Robert Duncan McNeill) suffers from a fever of dirty water, which has always been common in his city native of Massachusetts ... but is able to see through the eyes of a young Puritan woman suffering from the same kind of fever, Charity Payne, (Kerry Noonann) who is also able to experience what happens around him. Both recover, mainly because it is common for this to happen in 1985, but the connection does not disappear. Charity is curious about the images and sounds she recorded in 1985 and enjoy each other's company, in particular Peter, who promoted the grades in school enough to always feel isolated from other students, even in the college where he stayed in one place. . Things take an unexpected turn, however, when Charity reveals some of these experiences to a friend who claims that the 13 colonies will violate England as a sign of enchantment, added to the fact that death from fever was spared (not so common in 1700). The two try to learn a way to save it. The ending is sad but it has an interesting final moment that makes it moving. Both segments of this episode include a lot of pain but both times, through a lesson / warning that sounds like something that Rod Sterling would cook and entertain, make merry to look like a reminder that friendship, love and wisdom make very. Probably 3/4 of this has no theme, but somehow I think everything would have been approved by the Sterling crew.
