Given the title, this first follow-up to QUARTET (1948) obviously reduces the number of W. Somerset Maugham stories that include the film. The author presents herself again to present the episodes, but there is no epilogue this time; by the way, while the script of the original compendium gave exclusive credit to R.C. Sheriff, even here Maugham lent a hand in the adaptation, as did Noel Langley (although it is not clear whether they contributed with one segment each or worked in unison). As can be expected, much of the QUARTET crew has been held for the second part, although this also extends to at least three cast members, namely Naunton Wayne, Wilfrid Hyde-White and Felix Aylmer (the last two they had parts in the episode from the QUARTET entitled "The Colonel's Lady"). While TRIO eventually emerges as a lower result than its predecessor (slightly unbalanced from the third floor that takes up more than half of the running time), it is still done with the utmost care, acted with verve by a stellar cast and is definitely fun " The Verger "tells of an ecclesiastical cleric (James Hayter) - for whom the title of the story is another word - who is fired after 17 years of service by the new pastor (Michael Hordern simply because he is illiterate. Rather than resting on his laurels , despite his age, not only takes a wife (his landlady, played by Kathleen Harrison) but opens a tobacco shop strategically positioned in a long stretch of road where such a service is not offered - and, with flourishing business, this develops in an entire chain, and then the last scene sees him making a visit to bank manager Felix Aylmer, who is not only surprised to learn about the m Hayter's instructional ancestry, but is pushed to ask him what his other interests were - to which the rich (and respected) tobacconist replies, with a certain amount of irony, that he had the vocation of being a shame! <br /> <br /> The second episode, "Mr. Know-All", is the shortest but also perhaps the most engaging: a sea voyage is completely besieged by the unbearable presence of a pompous young man (Nigel Patrick), British despite its foreign name of Kelada, which professes itself an authority on virtually every topic under the sun. Naunton Wayne and Wilfrid Hyde-White are the two passengers who have to bear it most - the latter because he shares a cabin with the man and the first in view of Patrick's attentions to his beautiful wife (Anne Crawford). During a costume party, however, the passengers decide to put into effect their "revenge" on Kelada by impersonating one of them (a joke that naturally does not appreciate); however, it is here that he manages to show a decent side to his character - told by Crawford that the necklace he is wearing is an imitation, Wayne challenges Patrick to name his price ... but the latter immediately realizes that it is the original article and that this would jeopardize Crawford's position if he had to say it, so Kelada lets himself be ridiculed publicly rather than exposing the fact that the woman probably has a secret admirer! <br /> <br /> As can also be inferred from the title, "Sanatorium" deals with the myriad of patients in such a place - run by Andre 'Morell; the protagonist is a new intern, Roland Culver, who sadly observes the various events. The narration, in fact, highlights in particular three separate plot strands - one humorous (the "feud" between two long-time Scots living in the sanatorium, played by Finlay Currie and John Laurie), a melodramatic (the irregular relationship between patient unhappy Raymond Huntley and his long-suffering wife Betty Ann Davies) and a sweet and sour sweet (the love story between the naive but fascinating Jean Simmons and the hasty Michael Rennie who, despite having practically everything in opposition, including the fact that Morell has diagnosed Simmons as a 'luster' while Rennie remains only a few years, takes the couple to the altar).
