Made after QUARTET was, TRIO continued the quality of previous film versions of Maugham's stories. Here the three stories are THE VERGER, MR. KNOW-IT-ALL and SANITORIUM. The first two are comedians (THE VERGER is like a prolonged joke, but one with a good reward), and the last one more serious (since health problems are involved). Once again the author introduces the film and the stories. James Hayter, who will soon have his starring role as Samuel Pickwick, is THE VERGER hero. He keeps this little job as custodian in a church, but the new Vicar (Michael Hordern) is an intellectual snob. When he hears that Hayter has no school, he fires him. Hayter has saved some money, so he tells his wife (Kathleen Harrison) that he imagines he is buying a small piece of news and a tobacco shop. He has a good eye and his shop thrives. Soon it has an entire chain of stores. When his grandson is baptized by Hordern, the latter is amazed to see how prosperous his former Verger is. The reward is when bank manager Felix Aylmer meets Hayter on diversifying his investments. I will leave it to you to listen to the unintentional but ironic tail of the encounter. <br /> <br /> According to Maugham he met a man like Max Kelada (Nigel Patrick) on a cruise. In MR. KNOW-IT-ALL Kelada is a flamboyant, friendly and slightly overbearing type from the Middle East who is on a business trip (as far as jewelery is concerned) from the steamship. His status partner is Mr. Gray (the always silent and precisely Wilfred Hyde-White) who is somehow silently disapproving of Max. Max likes to animate things, and soon he is heavily involved in the ship's entertainment . At this point the story resembles in part the plot of the non-Maugham movie and the film CINA SEAS (1935), as Max makes a bet that can say a real gem from a fake (after insisting that a jewel has identified it's real). I will not describe how Max stands up for the occasion. <br /> <br /> SANITORIUM is the longest segment. Roland Culver plays "Ashenden" (Maugham's imaginary alter-ego - a writer and a spy of the time as Hitchcock's The Secret Agent). Here he must use a sanatorium for a couple of months for his health. Find a remarkable crew of people, including Jean Simmons as a fragile and beautiful young woman, Finlay Currie as an irascible Scotsman, John Laurie as a second irascible Scotsman who is "at war" with Currie, Raymond Huntley as a quiet patient who only shows his inner anger at his situation when his wife shows up, and Michael Rennie as a young man who has a serious life threat. Culver observes how three stories in the midst of these characters play to their conclusions. The last one, which concerns Simmons and Rennie, is ironic but deeply moving. <br /> <br /> He was a dandy following of the previous QUARTET, and it's worth watching.
