This review contains spoilers for those who are not aware of the details of the true story on which this film is based. <br /> <br /> The right to be presumed "innocent until proven guilty" is a fundamental right for anyone in a civil society; but according to the partisan story of Fred Schepisi, but sadly convincing of a famous Australian murder trial, it was not granted to Lindy Chamberlain, accused of killing his child. The story that suggested his innocence was unlikely (a dingo was presumed to have taken it), but those that implied his guilt even more, and there was no concrete evidence against her. But Australian public opinion was paralyzed by the possibility of his guilt, and deeply religious Chamberlain's men appeared gruesome when they appeared in the media (and the same media, of course, were anything but innocent in this process). Thus, although clarified by an initial investigation, they were subsequently tried and convicted. Although Chamberlain was eventually released, this shame has only followed the discovery of new evidence "proving" their innocence, something no defendant should produce. <br /> <br /> "A cry in the dark" is well interpreted, especially by Meryl Streep, who brings out a convincing Australian accent (at least for Pom's ears) and manages to keep Lindy understanding (to us) while he continues to communicate how he managed to become a figure of national hatred. The scenes in which she is imprisoned are simple but heartbreaking, because we believe in characters as real. <br /> <br /> Regardless of the accuracy of his portrait of this story (something I cannot comment on), the broader theme of this film will sound horribly true to anyone with a past knowledge of the British popular press and its ruthless habit of directly addressing the less charitable instincts of their readers. No legal system will ever be perfect; but the current cry against asylum seekers in contemporary British tabloids comes exactly from the same pit of evil as the voices that sent Lindy Chamberlain away. I am not a religious man, but the Bible still contains some killer lines (if you want to excuse the pun). "Judge I don't want to be judged" is one of them.
