I found it difficult to love anyone in this movie. The central characters, Lindy and Michael Chamberlain, whose daughter disappears during an evening in the Australian outback, are not bad people, but surely not all, or even most, of the dozens of people we see in this film would be bad if they we knew better But even if we are sure that the film wants us to be guilty or innocent of the Chamonix at the beginning of the tragic disorder of their lives, the film takes on a more or less sociological perspective regarding gossip, media news, crowds, mobs and hypotheses . It is not a film about the degenerate society of Australia in particular; it is simply an account of a true story that happened there. Mass society is far less evolved than the individual feels assured that we are. <br /> <br /> When a guardian insists on killing all the dogs of an aboriginal because of the untested action of a single wild dog, when it is destroyed at random the life turns even more out of control due to the greater part of magazines, newspapers and TV programs distorts the tragic truth to a level of drama that causes its delirious consumers, there is no sign of empathy or even any kind of looking beyond one's own unaware awareness, affected left and right by the vigorous feeling and vibrations of those who surround their lives. The reason I appreciate the film is that it focuses attention, from victims to the masses. <br /> <br /> The evidence against Lindy Chamberlain aside, the suspect was jettisoned mainly by one of his virtues. To the public eye, she did not seem sufficiently upset by the death of her daughter. Why was she able to keep calm, even a kind of indifference, let alone keep her head up for TV and press? How much of the downward spiral could have been prevented if it behaved more pleasingly to the public in the media? Meryl Streep, one of the, if not the, greatest actress who works today, might not give a performance that stands out in a special way, and frankly doesn't make any other actor, or film production department. But she and the writers understand Lindy. What is exasperating is that it is not so difficult. Apparently, she wasn't naturally inclined to show emotions in public anyway. Regardless of whether you are lovable as a lovable character in the immediate sense, we are naturally inclined to sympathize with your situation. <br /> <br /> Regardless of whether your performance is just as rewarding as Sophie's Choice, The Devil Wears Prada, Angels In America or other similar works, it's a triumph. It's hard to kidnap an audience when you purposely deny these insights about yourself. It frustrates us because we don't know what he is thinking or feeling. It took me a while to feel fond of her, but this is how the film suggests the reaction of public attention. <br /> <br /> She is married to a pastor, and they both practice a religion that is in a small minority and therefore mistakenly interpreted by most. Initially, they react to their loss as if they wanted to reconcile themselves with the will of God, giving way to a rumor generating the idea that the death of their daughter was a kind of ritual killing on their part. Whatever happened to the child, her parents were part of a margin with which most of the media intake was not immediately identified, so the first inclination was to chase them like a pack of hungry ... well ... <br /> <br /> Meryl Streep and Sam Neill are constantly on the screen, but the Australian public is the real protagonist here. Like the punctuation for each plot progression, director Fred Schepisi cuts from the restaurant to the tennis court to dine at the saloon in the office, where the public looks for Lindy and gets carried away by his passionate projections. <br /> <br /> This Golan -Globus docudrama is not particularly memorable. The atmosphere of the setting does not offer a pleasant enough reward for the fact that no performance or aspect of production stands out. But it is very successful as an accusation for the collective public conscience.
