Following Spoilers: I picked up the book "Evil Angels" when it first came out without knowing anything about the case. Just to pause the press and the Austrian people, I was quite ahead until I started to question Chamberlain's guilt. The author obviously intended that the reader understand why the public jumped to the conclusions they made. John Bryson told the story just as he was presented to the jurors (and taken from the press) of the arterial spray, the slabs of actelone (??), the certainty of dr. James Cameron that the collar was cut with scissors, that a child could not be taken whole from his clothes with the buttons still finished, the bloody hand print, etc. all quite convincingly. After all, these were experts in their fields who were witnessing for no apparent reason to lie, and the fact that the evidence was completely wrong was not at all clear to me. It was also a highly technical test, difficult for a lay person to understand. At this point, beyond some testimonies by hearsay during the trials, almost no one had ever heard of a dingo attacking a human; people didn't believe it was possible. The public was suspicious of Seventh-day Adventists, whose origins made them look like a cult, and all sorts of wild beliefs about them contributed to the appearance of guilt. If it weren't for dedicated and altruistic lawyers who worked tirelessly to investigate and counter the trial testimony, finding Azaria's clothes later wouldn't be enough to get Lindy out of prison. The book shocked me for this reason, and I have been reluctant to come to a conclusion about anyone's fault since then (except for OJ, of course). I was thrilled that a film would be made about the case and I don't think it could have been done better. I always liked Sam, which I could completely identify, and Meryl was perfect as always. Beautiful photography, disturbing music. I think it's not just a very beautiful film, but very important. It is a pity that he did not receive more publicity when he was released.
