This was usually the advice of producer Alexander Korda on the set of many of his underlings; the film is credited with three directors, but actually Alex, Zoltan Korda and William Cameron Menzies helped, pushing him up to six. <br /> <br /> For John Kobal's 1987 book, "The Top 100 Movies", his survey of 81 film critics saw The Thief of Baghdad reach 55th place. A closer examination reveals only Jose Luis Guarner, John Russell Taylor and Kobal himself have actually voted for the film, but their high rankings were enough to bring him close to half of the path. <br /> <br /> The outbreak of the Second World War saw the production of the film move around England and America, reaching completion in 1940 and winning three technical Oscars. Like Citizen Kane, it is in a sense perhaps a film that you could admire rather than love. <br /> <br /> The special effects, exceptional for the moment, are still reasonable and actually hold up if you wink. But it is not so much their effectiveness as the audacity of inventions. Among them is a fun horse, built from a kit model, which, when a key is inserted in its rear part, begins to fly. There is also a killer toy from the Goddess Kali with six arms, (possibly a single woman with two women sitting behind her) and a horrible-looking giant spider. The climax with its wonderful flying carpet is also impressive. But the most memorable must be Rex Ingram who appears, in a superb moment of cinematographic presumption, a djinn (genius) almost six feet high! Ingram interprets the genius as a rather threatening creature and adds an element of danger to the proceedings. And look for the moment when he was tricked into his bottle! John Justin does well as the Arab king who, for some strange reason, has an English accent and a stiff upper lip. Sabu, the extraordinarily muscular fifteen-year-old, is the neighboring Abu, a pleasantly arrogant thief. After crossing the evil Jaffer (Conrad Veidt), Justin finds himself blind and Abu is transformed into a dog. When it appears that the rest of the film will be told in flashback through Ahmed's (blind) Justin perspective, we find that in the middle of the film we reach the present and the adventure continues. In truth, the second half is somehow the best, being full of bigger accidents and more fantastic in nature. <br /> <br /> Three small songs pepper the piece, even if the film lasts 100 minutes and looks milder than a real ingredient; I wouldn't classify this as a musical. It's all very funny; Justin and June Duprez are the love interest for mothers and fathers, Veidt is the bad villain, and Abu is the young and irrepressible thief. It may take some time to get into the somewhat dated mentality and oversized melodrama of the 1940s English films, but once you've sat down for the first half hour, this movie really attracts you. Fairly commendable.
