-The film tells the story of a prince whose life is wonderful, but after an evil wizard tells him to go to the city disguised as a beggar, the magician then blocks the prince and soon becomes the shadow ruler of Baghdad. the imprisoned prince meets a thief named Abu who helps him escape from prison and goes to a town called Basra where he meets a princess he falls madly in love with, but unbeknownst to him the evil wizard Jafa is also in love with the princess to convince his father to allow him to marry her. Jafa soon learns that the prince is trying to win the hearts of girls, so he blinds him and turns Abu into a dog. This leads the prince and Abu to an adventure to find a way to defeat Jafa, restore peace in Baghdad and marry the princess. during their journey they encounter everything, from the sarcastic genes that lead Abu in a flight through the clouds, a giant spider that is really hungry and a flying horse that probably gives life to one of the most beautiful sequences that these old eyes of mine have ever seen . <br /> <br /> - This is a fantasy film from the beginning to the end. It has flying horses, geniuses, flying mats and magicians who can actually do magic instead of hitting people with their staff. It does not have moments of sweetness and the romance is not a waste of time. Production projects are simply stunning in this film. From the buildings to the different dangerous traps that the heroes encounter. Although this film is over 40 years old, production design is much better than most of the crap that is attacked in today's cinema. Even the music and the songs are well done. Anyone who sees it will not doubt, "I want to be a sailor sailing on the seas" as one of the great musical moments in movies. I'm usually not a big fan of singing in movies because I find them as fun as my taxes, but I'll be more than happy to make an exception for this movie. <br /> <br /> - What sells the film to me is the mere fact that you can see things you can't see in everyday life and that is also the same reason I love things like "Two Towers "and" Silent Hill ". Long before the modern fantasy film of today arrived with their realistic CGI to make us jump into the head there was this film that upset your mind without having the green screen scattered everywhere. One of my favorite shots in "Two Towers" is one in which we see the trolls that open the Black Gates, the main attraction of that shot for me was seeing these great fantasy beings doing what is essentially manual labor, and it is what I love the Genius the most and other creatures in the film. They are just trying to make a living just like everyone else, which gives them a real feeling even though they are all just fantasy beings. <br /> <br /> - It is literally impossible to watch this film and not notice where the creators of "Aladdin" had their inspiration. The characters in this film are practically the same characters as that movie from the genial Genie to the flying carpet. It's not a bad thing in my eyes because it's nice to know that I'm not the only one in the world to have a deep passionate love for this extraordinary film. I saw it for the first time as a child in the motherland and I thought it was the most beautiful thing in the world and after seeing it again last week, I still think it's incredible. This is a true testament that a great film can stand the test of time. Of course, the effects seem a little dated and poor, but they were made in the 1940s, so take a break. Not everything seems outdated even though most things can still stand comparison today under today's standard. <br /> <br /> - If you ever wanted to see a live version of "Aladdin" then you should get your wish with this, but the angry cynical group will probably do good to avoid this since this will not be their cup of you.
