The plot of "The Thief of Baghdad" is complex, due to its being told in flashback and having three separate and equally important strands woven together. Lajo Biros' script and Miles Malleson's dialogue cleverly keep the story moving. The young King Ahmad of Baghdad is angry with his vizier Jaffar for having executed a man with different ideas. He discovers while he is disguised that people blame him for Jaffar's actions and hate him. He is imprisoned by Jaffar, where he meets Abu the young thief. The two run away and take a boat for the city of Basra. There the companions spy when the men open the way so that nobody can see the Princess of the passing city. Ahmad falls in love with her and visits her garden. He tells her that he has been coming to her for over time and wins a kiss. Then he is captured. When Jaffar comes to win the Princess of Basra for himself, Ahmad attacks the evil vizier who blinds him and turns Abu into a dog. Jaffar then asks for the hand of the princess and gives the gift of a mechanical flying horse to the Sultan of Basra. The blind Ahmad then tells his story on the market, accompanied by Abu as his dog. The Prince has fallen asleep and nothing can wake her. So Jaffar sends his servant Halima for Ahmad and the dog, in the hope that the prince can wake her up. He wakes her up. He embarks on a ship to find a doctor to cure Ahmad, but is captured by Jaffar who then throws the dog into the sea. He then allows Jaffar to take her in his arms, his promise to restore Ahmad's sight and turn Abu into a thief. The princess sees a vision of Ahmad; he is in a boat; Jaffar sends a storm to attack him and Abu is shipwrecked on a desert island. Abu finds a genius or a djinn who wants to kill him now that he is free after many centuries spent in a bottle. Abu teases him by proving that it really comes from such a small ship, then he gets it back again. To have him released, he gets three wishes. His first is for sausages. Meanwhile, the Princess asks her father to refuse Jaffar; but Jaffar shows the Sultan a new mechanical toy, one of which six arms stab him to death. Abu makes a second wish, to find Ahmad. The astute genius takes him to the goddess of the eye who sees everything. Abu must climb a large spider web to reach the gem that is the eye, fighting against a giant spider, and then resizing the statue of the goddess. Abu looks into the eye and sees Ahmad in a canyon. The genius has to bring it to Ahmad. Ahmad uses the eye to see the princess. She smells a flower and forgets all at once. Abu would like to be in Baghdad, but the genius laughs and leaves; Jaffar tells the princess that she is in love with him, failing to mention Ahmad. Ahmad tries to make his way to the princess, but Jaffar hits the eye. Abu finds himself in the "Land of legend", where the old men who govern want to make him their king. Steal a bow and a magic carpet and run away instead, to hurry up to save Ahmad and the princess. The thief arrives in time to save the young king from the executioner, using his bow from the flying carpet, to the wonder of the crowd that had come to watch the execution. Jaffar tries to escape on the mechanical flying horse, but another shot from the bow ends it. Ahmad is again a ruler and plans to marry his princess; but when he tries to make Abu his vizier, the young thief refuses, saying that what he wants is adventure, not hard work and imprisonment in a palace no matter how great it may be. This fantastic story has received a sumptuous production from producer Alexander Korda. The production was designed by Vincent Korda who was also art director, while Georges Perinal made the colorful cinematography. Accredited directors are Ludwig Berger and Michael Powell, with the participation of Tim Whelan, Alexander Korda, William Cameron Menzies and Zoltan Korda. The designs of extraordinary and numerous costumes were the work of John Armstrong, Oliver Messel and Marcel Vertes. The production, apart from its beautiful splendid and expensive visual effects, I argue that it is dominated by two other elements, Miklos Rozsa's choral music and Conrad Veidt's performance as the bad Jaffar. Rex Ingram interprets the genius with a curious accent, in addition to his usual intelligence and power. June Duprez is beautiful and effective as Princess Mary Morris is a sad and beautiful Halima, and Miles Malleson an appropriately frightened and greedy sultan. Like Ahmad, John Justin seems to do most of what can be done with the part of a young lover and then some; he is memorably good in his winning role. This film has a spaciousness that is, I assert, also found in other works by Korda. Its imaginative content is in contrast with very strong realistic sets, costumes and set elements. This is one of the most memorable fantasies of idea time of all times, worthy of being enjoyed again and again.
