An absolutely beautiful film, one of the few that I saw as a young man that enchanted me and then again, in the case of Thief the impression seems to improve with the passage of time. In the 90s my daughter and I had seen it many times on TV, but did we still go to photos when it came to local art cinema? when he finished, we came out with starry eyes full of poems and the moving music of Miklos Rozsa wishing it had lasted a couple of hours and thinking about what a wonderful world it was suddenly again. <br /> <br /> Idealistic prince Ahmad would like to do it among his people for a while to control things, but the evil Visir Jaffar takes the opportunity to imprison him and seize the throne. After escaping from a small thief played by Sabu, does Ahmad see a princess and fall blindly in love? along the way they have many adventures (although apparently not enough for Sabu!) and Love not only conquers but destroys everything. The special effects must have been mesmerizing in the 1940s, but time has taken its toll and diminished their impact, especially since digital cartoonery has taken over even live action ?? but they continue to hold up well compared to films like Superman 40 years later. However, if I am asked to suspend disbelief in gargantuan geniuses, flying horses and carpets, I also suspend disbelief in perfect special effects! The favorite pieces: the dream scene in the sunny garden when Ahmad reveals himself and the suitably romantic song of Adelaide Hall; the stunning colors in the tent in Land Of Legend ?? in fact, the stunning colors throughout; The triumphal but still melancholy ending of Sabu and Rozsa. Conrad Veidt played the villain in two of the most incredible film novels of all time, this and Casablanca, and then he died. John Justin and June Duprez were great in the main roles of lovers, both slightly and nicely made-up, but the parts didn't require a wide range of emotions: only pure love counted. <br /> <br /> There are a couple of slightly violent images, but rest assured that this is a glorious experience of well-being with a 100% positive message, it's just a pity that children nowadays little ones don't look at this instead of the porn they prefer. One of my favorites for the 10 best films, can't I recommend it too much ?? can be shown at the end of time.
