Mario Lanza, of course, is "Il grande Caruso" in this 1951 film with Ann Blyth, Dorothy Kirsten, Eduard Franz and Ludwig Donath. This is a very fictionalized biography of the legendary world-famous tenor whose name is still known today. <br /> <br /> The film is produced in an opulent way, and the music is glorious and beautifully sung by Lanza, Kirsten, Judmila Novotna, Blanche Thebom and other opera stars who appeared in the film. If you are a purist, seeing the people on stage who smile during the "Lucia" Sextet will seem strange to you - even though Caruso's wife, Dorothy, has just had a baby girl. It is also highly unlikely that Caruso ever sang Edgardo in Lucia; the role was too high for him. <br /> <br /> In taking a dramatic license, the script leaves some very dramatic parts of Caruso's life. What was so remarkable about him is that he actually created roles in works that are today in the standard repertoire, but this is never mentioned in the film. These roles include Maurizio in Adriana Lecouvreur and Dick Johnson in "The Girl of the Golden West". There is a famous photo of him posing with a sheet wrapped around him like a toga. The reason for that photo? His only shirt was in the laundry room. He was one of the pioneers of recorded music and had a long association with the Victor Talking-Machine Company (later RCA Victor). Jose was singing in Carmen in San Francisco the night of the earthquake. <br /> <br /> Instead, the MGM story basically makes him die on stage during a Martha performance, which never happened. She had a hemorrhage during "The Elisir d'amore" at the Met and could not finish the performance; she sang only three more times at the Met, her last role as Eleazar in La Juive. What killed him? The same thing that killed Valentino - peritonitis. His first role at the Met was not Radames in Aida, as indicated in the film, but the Duke in Rigoletto. So when he says on the screen "suggested by her husband's biography of Dorothy Caruso", here's what it was - he suggested. What is true is that Dorothy's father denied her after her marriage, and left her $ 1 of her huge estate. They also had a daughter Gloria together (who died at the age of 79 on 10/7/2007). However, Caruso had four other children from a lover before marrying Dorothy. Some say that Lanza's voice is remarkably similar to that of Caruso, but just listening to Caruso singing in the movie "Match Point" - Caruso's voice is noticeably different from that of Lanza. In fact, from his sound, if he wanted, Caruso could have sung like a baritone. It is thought to have had some problems with acute notes, further evidence of baritone inclinations; and the role he was preparing when he died was Othello, a dramatic tenor role, which Lanza certainly was not. Lanza's voice deserved not to be compared to another. He made a unique contribution to the history of cinema, spreading operatic music. Sing the music in "The Great Caruso" with a robust energy; it's really here at the height of what would be a short career. His acting is natural and genuine. Ann Blyth is as adorable as Dorothy and sings a little about herself. <br /> <br /> Really a movie for opera lovers and Lanza fans, who are probably the same person.
