I bought the Before Sunset DVD and saw it for the first time a week ago. After seeing it twice, I couldn't help but miss Before Sunrise, not because the sequel wasn't so nice, but I felt that these two films complemented each other like no other sequel has ever done, every time that I've finished looking at one, I feel the need and desire to see the other. So, I ended up spending the weeks looking at them over and over, I'll be rather embarrassed to mention how many times exactly. The most remarkable thing about Before Sunrise is how you feel the development of their characters' feelings towards each other. It seems so simple, the growth of chemistry, I think other romantic films can think of being able to trace development, but for me - those who don't believe in Nora Ephron - Before Sunrise is the first film that really gives viewers the chance to hear it. When I first saw it, about 8 years ago, when I was 20, I already liked it. But I didn't consider it a "great movie", it still seemed like a good movie to other thinking people, Linklater was too smart to make it more realistic, it was 10 minutes too long, the characters were too well made, I thought I liked it because it was like a dream and because I liked their conversations, etc. etc. But now, thanks to Before Sunset, I feel it's more from Before Sunrise than from what I felt before. I saw the elements more clearly: Jesse, Celine, Vienna, their conversations, everything. As each of them is separated by itself, and they have a chance to mix, the story is just a frame of time, I don't feel manipulated anymore. And the freedom that every scene has, as well as its refusal to be overly efficient, how blind I was that those qualities didn't seem exceptional to me when I saw it for the first time! Now, it's been 8 years, the more movies I've seen, the more I realize that many movies are just collections of ordered scenes that exist only for its finale, even movies like Pulp Fiction or the Linklaters Slackers included. The story of Jesse and Celine avoids it, maybe Before Sunset is a better example in this case, but Before Sunrise is also one of the few films that its ending is just a consequence of time, not a destination, every single scene has its own life. I don't know if Linklater or anyone else had a following in mind when they did Before Sunrise, but for me, one of the most incredible things about these sequels is the way these two films are opposed to each other. Before Sunrise, which I think employs more static angels and brighter color schemes, seems to be trying to capture the smaller atoms of vivacity that surround Jesse and Celine, the world is always full of hope, regardless of whether the characters feel it or no. Meanwhile, I enter into the vision of boredom while Jesse was talking to Before Sunset reporters, and Celine's first smile from behind the shelves is the most heartbreaking smile I saw in the beginning of a movie, and the many moving next shots I take in a place I don't know with a sadness in me, no matter how beautiful Paris is, and no matter how happy I am that they meet again. I'm sorry that I go on so long with my limited English, Before Sunrise is already an extraordinary film without me pouring out my scattered thoughts, and it still gets better with an equally big sequel that follows it.
