I managed to capture a double late-night film last night of "Before Sunrise" (1995) and "Before Sunset" (2004), and I saw both films in a row, without really having the chance to catch my breath or reflect meaning of each film separately. After having fallen asleep, I must say that I much prefer the first to the latter, and I will explain why. <br /> <br /> Before Sunrise introduces us to the young actors, Ethan Hawke (Reality Bites, Dead Poets Company), only 25 at the time of the release of the film; and Julie Delpy (the trilogy of the Three Colors), then 26 (although it seems much younger). He is a promising American writer, touring Europe after breaking up with his girlfriend; She is a young French student on her way home in Paris. They meet on the Budapest-Vienna train and decide spontaneously to get off the train together. The two profoundly spiritual and intellectual individuals spend a whole night together walking the wonderfully conquered streets of Vienna, exchanging ideals and thoughts and gradually falling in love. <br /> <br /> The film wrote the '90s everywhere: then technology was leaping rapidly, the new millennium with all its hopes and dreams was waiting just around the corner, and young adults like those depicted in the film they were full of love for life and passion for the future. The characters of Jesse (Hawke) and Celine (Delpy), with all their imperfections and inconsistencies (Celine's accent, whether by mistake or on purpose, was half American-half French, and ranged from spectrum to spectrum, breaking the credibility character), they were a mirror of time. Watching the naive couple swallow life with such meaning and excitement, playing all clichés and romantics, but being able to make the public fall in love, is what really made this movie work for me. The fact that the director doesn't let you know if their relationship continues after the film or doesn't make it even more useful. <br /> <br /> All in all, Sunrise is a dream walk through the urban landscapes of Vienna, a well-told classic romantic date, and a film that I will definitely return for further study in the future.
