After a chance meeting on the train, a young couple spends a single night strolling through the streets of Vienna, discussing life and love. The main reason to see "Before Sunrise" is to watch a young Julie Delpy deliver her lines. Like "Celine", this sexy, intelligent, and emotion-filled brown-eyed blond is a sort of cross between Brigitte Bardot and Joni Mitchell as if they were in the mid-twenties. At the risk of exaggeration, Celine is practically the ideal woman, unusually beautiful and very feminine, despite being natural, unpretentious, introspective and lovingly loving. We can easily forgive that she is a little eccentric and speaks a blue stripe, because her sincere and intelligent remarks are occasionally penetrating. Moreover, his various expressions are captivating to say the least and he speaks English with a French accent that is very captivating. <br /> <br /> If there is a single flaw in this beautiful film, it should be its scruffy and disheveled chop. Ethan Hawke as "Jessie" looks like a vaguely attractive tramp, a sort of Maynard G. Krebs of the nineties. Trying to appear detached and casual, he drags himself through certain strokes. His pants fit poorly, his shirt is untying, his dark wavy hair (his most attractive feature) needs a good wash, and someone should show him how to cut his youthful goatee well. However, it is supposed to represent an unwashed young man on a two-week train journey around Europe, so the aspect he cultivated is probably quite genuine. His often cynical remarks and sense of humor seem to impress the Celine, unexpectedly, romantically, even though it is sometimes disturbed by the extent of his alienation. When he finally admits that he is completely sick of himself and likes being close to her because he feels like a different person in his presence, we know he is coming from somewhere. <br /> <br /> After throwing their collective funds into a series of cafes, bars and foolish detours, I agree that since they may never see each other again, they should make the most of them. Jesse binge a bottle of red wine from a sentimental bartender so that he and his new loved one can make repairs in a local park in the middle of the night to lie on the grass, watch the moon and the stars and watch the sun come up. <br /> <br /> Given his unfortunate luck in the romance department, it's particularly annoying when Jessie, as the very definition of a naive jerk, foolishly allows this wonderful young woman to slip out of her grip. She is satisfied with a half-baked plan, designed quickly at the train station when she asked her to meet at the same point in six months. When the appointed time arrives, you only know that this beautiful and unusual girl will be involved in another, maybe even married and pregnant. For some reason, he probably won't, while Jesse, who ends up working at Target or (if he's lucky) in the local library, will return to Vienna, in desperate need of seeing her again, only to end up alone. /> <br /> Despite what was a very discouraging conclusion for me, "Before Sunrise" is a beautiful film. I highly recommend both this and the sequel, "Before Sunset".
