When I saw this film in theater when it was released in 1995 through a free advanced screening, I was totally enchanted and would have gladly paid to see it. I was disappointed when I talked to many people who later saw it and were totally disappointed and ended. I, on the other hand, completely felt the opposite. I was totally satisfied with the result and all the rest. The people I spoke to said there was too much to talk about! They were also unhappy because they felt that the ending left you speechless about the fate of the two characters. I found these absurd observations and even painful evidence of how most of the American cinema audience seems to have a tendency to want easy-to-follow stories in movies with not too complex and intelligent dialogues, for fear of getting confused. They also like being tidy endings - happy or sad. This disgusts me. Nobody wants to be challenged anymore ??? And as for the ending (and I don't want to be a spoiler), I'm totally satisfied because I know in my heart that these two characters will see each other again. It's about your personal trust in romance and destiny. It is a very personal film that does not speak to all people. But he certainly spoke to me. Give him a chance! Be patient with it! Richard Linklater has made a very beautiful film with a beautiful story set against the backdrop of the beautiful city of Vienna. Watching it makes you feel like you're walking through the city streets with the characters. As if you were stumbling across Europe on a Eurail pass. It is very intimate. In addition, Ethan Hawke and Julie Delpy do an exquisite job to bring the complex script to life. They must have improvised during some parts and it works well. They have great chemistry in their roles. Their awkwardness, as strangers who know each other at the beginning, is very credible and one can really feel the romance and bond develop between them as the film progresses. I have the feeling that this was a very personal job for Mr. Linklater and I deeply respect him for making this film. He definitely touched me and I hope he touches others too. Bravo for romance !!!
