Many of the criticisms on this thread seem to choose a comparison of this film with "The Mortal Storm" or "Casablanca". Everyone has the right to compare the films they choose, but the similarities of "The Mortal Storm" and "Watch On The Rhine" are clearly the problems of refugees threatened by the Nazi juggernaut, while the main comparative point highlighted with "Casablanca" is apparently an unfair treatment of Humphrey Bogart in 1943 from the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Science, because he chose Paul Lukas as the best Oscar for best actor. It doesn't seem totally wrong. Lukas has had a good career in film (both here and in England - he's the villain in "The Lady Vanishes"), and this performance was his best. Bogart had the biggest performances in him by Rick Blaine (for example, he was ignored for Sam Spade in "The Maltese Falcon" and Roy Earle in "High Sierra" two years before, both were top notch, and he didn't want to gets an Oscar for his greatest performances as Fred C. Dobbs in "The Treasure of Sierra Madres", the suspected writer / murder in "In A Lonely Place", and Captain Philip Francis Queeg in "The Caine Mutiny" later - he understood for Charley in "The African Queen"). I think Bogie should have taken him for the role of Dobbs, but it didn't happen. But Lukas was lucky: he got the final result of his minor career. Few can say that. <br /> <br /> For me the movie to watch with "Watch On The Rhine" is based on another Hellman game / script, "The Searching Wind". Both look to the isolationist spirit of America in the 1920s and 1930s. "The Searching Wind" is really looking at the entire period between the two wars, while "Watch On The Rhine", set in the years that are just entering the Second World War, takes a few weeks. Therefore it is better built as a game, and more meaningful for its impact. <br /> <br /> The film has many good interpretations, conducted by Lukas as the exhausted but determined anti-Nazi fighter / courier, Davis as his faithful wife (wisely keeping his character as low as possible due to the fact that Lukas is the center of the game's activities), Coulouris as the selfish, conniving, but ultimately foolish and ineffective Teck, Lucille Watson as Davis's mother and Geraldine Fitzgerald (as the most wise and sad and nourished wife of Coulouris), Kurt Katch, who offers a devastating criticism (like the head of the local embassy's Gestapo) about Coulouris and others who would have dealt with the Nazis. He has a dialogue with the bite in it. And what he says is really true. It also has moments of almost poetry. Witness the scene, towards the end, when Coulouris is left alone with Lukas and Davis, and says: "The New World has left the scene to the Old World". Hellman could write very well sometimes. <br /> <br /> Given the strength of the script and the interpretations of the film, I would classify this film among the films of the Second World War.
