Before Sunrise there are many remarkable things going on, almost too many to be included in a review like this, but suffice it to say that it is one of the most observant character studies of the 90s, perhaps even in all contemporary cinema, to be careful not about love, so to speak, as much as about a human connection. How do you fall in love at first sight? Nobody does it, at least this is basically the consensus that Linklater wants to show with his film. And * still * there is the possibility of such an intense connection, of a bond that can be formed in those who are young and with many ideas that can be expressed in an articulate way and with a wide cynicism and is somehow very tender and true at the same time time. Linklater gives us the story of Celine and Jessie, a French girl and an American boy who get off the same train bound for Vienna, and on the way start talking about things, first arbitrary, then personal (Jessie sees death for the first time in his great-grandfather). Jessie convinces Celine to accompany him on a night out of town, to Vienna, to his plane the next morning. <br /> <br /> Before Sunrise gives Jessie and Celine, in the middle of beautiful Vienna scenery and venues to go back and forth on topics that have a lot of importance, and in a sense it's the act of having conversations, of what it means to look at people who have one advantage in another and another. Here we often talk about relationships and commitments, since Jessie and Celine tell stories that are sometimes somewhat irrelevant, or seemingly so, and another that can say a lot about their essential qualities. We hear confessions of desires for other loves, or what have not really been loves, of being part of a family or part of an education that may or may not inform you how you will love your life, what it means to believe or not believe in some form religious, or simply to have some connection with any faith and soul (I loved the Quaker piece in the church), and sometimes laced with cynicism or skepticism. Jessie could be more responsible for the last part, but what is fascinating about the film is that it is never exactly cynical in itself, just commenting on the cynicism that puts the concerns of men and women at that age in their lives. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, it's always nice to see Ethan Hawke and Julie Delpy in these roles, where they are not constantly annoying in the Generation-X mode of the 90s, but they are the types of people where, if not in the central conception of the film, which is not bad at all, but it is necessary, one might think to find walking along the streets of a city somewhere. The idea is that of an old romantic image wing Brief Encounter, only that the intimacy is expressed in the central characters or between them, in which the sweet addends are actually acceptable ("I must tell you a secret," says Jessie, and then he leans in for a kiss, ho-ho), or in the little moments that appear with other people along the way. I loved the scene with the poet, where it is a very cinematographic thing to suddenly find a random romantic bit player in the middle of a romantic photo with words so beautiful at his disposal, or with the handheld reader and how Jessie and Celine react are that we could share, but in reality we are seeing them do it first hand. All the while Hawke and Delpy embody the roles in an interesting way - we can see how neuroses are formed already for their adult lives - because it could lead to the future ... <br /> <br /> With a splendid cinematography and a script with an ear for natural intelligence and a true sense of what it means to have a moment of happiness, however autonomous, as it can lead to something more. Who can say that you can't suddenly be attached to someone, even if only for less than 24 hours, and be much more attached than a married couple? This is perhaps Linklater's thesis, but there is much more. It is a very dense film and it will make me call repeatedly about it. Especially a scene, which is both tasteful and ingenious, when the two are talking "on the phone" in front of them, imitating their expositions could go to the friend of the other. A +
