Before Sunrise is the romance for the sloppy generation. Richard Linklater's romantic drama is an unusual tale of a dream that comes true for many people. The film describes romance in all its glory, but without any of the pitfalls that occur to most couples; and in short the film is about two people who have a relationship closer to the perfection with which relationships will ever arrive: with just one problem, the problem of time. While most relationships are reduced over time, this continues to go strong and time itself is the only thing that wears out. Before Sunrise it is certainly not the typical sentimental "Hollywood romanticism", which is another aspect that puts this film league in front of the suitors. The story follows two people, Jesse; an American and Celine; a French girl who meets on a train to Vienna. They instantly connect and after telling her her horrible idea for a TV show and almost getting off the train, Jesse asks Celine to join him for the day in the picturesque city of Vienna ... <br /> <br /> Before the 'Alba works mainly for two reasons: realistic acting and an immense script that builds the characters through their thoughts and feelings and therefore allows us to know them as we do in real life. This allows the characters to be free, and it is easy to believe that they are real people and not just actors working on a script. This also allows us to feel the characters for what they are, and not just because they are the protagonists. This kind of realism is difficult to capture because, at the end of the day, we as the public know that they are watching a movie and not watching real life; but Before Sunrise represents one of the truest realism performances ever seen on the screen. A really fantastic script can't work by itself, and it needs great actors to deliver it to a level that does it justice, and although I'm not a fan of either Julie Deply or Ethan Hawke; watching this movie, there is nothing you can do, but give it respect. I don't know if they were in the character or just playing themselves, but when a movie is so beautiful; it doesn't matter much. <br /> <br /> In a film like this, writing is the most important thing, and contained in the script there are several observations on life, many of which I can personally refer to. This represents what Richard Linklater has achieved with this script as it not only creates and builds characters, but also manages to show what true love is, along with many other aspects of life. The fact that not all anecdotes are personally traceable to me represents the genius of writing again. Everyone is different and so different parts of the script will appeal to different people. There may be certain aspects of a person that one person loves and another hates; and this is the case of the reflections in this script. The addition to the beauty of the film is the city of Vienna. The city itself is not very important for the film as this is a story that could have taken place anywhere - but it does make some lovely images and the cheerful, energetic romance that blossoms throughout the film is matched by the beauty of the location. <br /> <br /> Before Sunrise is both beautiful and appealing. Richard Linklater has created something that is rare in the world of cinema; a film that captures the beauty of life without ever exaggerating or being excessively sentimental. Before Sunrise is what it is. And what it is, it is pure cinematic brilliance.
