I'll tell you a story from the summer of 1994. A friend and I attended a Canada Day concert in Barrie, and he was a who's who of the best Canadian bands of the time. We arrived at 4 am, we waited in line for most of the morning, and when the doors opened at 9 am, we were among the first inside the gates. So we waited and waited under the scorching sun, slowly grilling, but we didn't mind, because the headliners were among our favorites. At one point, in the early afternoon, I sat down and dozed off with my back to the barrier. I was awakened by the shock and dismay of a screaming girl wearing a rheological shirt. This is why I hate rheostats to this day. There is nothing reasonable, neither determined by taste, nor really anything but their fandom. Brat of me, isn't it? So, I, in my hatred for the band, I denied the delight that is Whale Music. <br /> <br /> Desmond Howl had it all. It's hard to say what he lost, since he lives in a fantastic villa wedged between the ocean and the mountains (the BC region where the film was shot is breathtaking). The life that many of us dream of is dismantled by dreams, ghosts and their own past, until the day a teenage criminal breaks in ... and, however trivial, breaks it. <br /> <br /> Canadian cinema suffers from various problems. Generally, the lack of money and the unbearable lack of asking for help (as if somehow the film ceases to be Canadian) leads to lower production values ​​than American or British films and most people don't like to look at anything it seems or it seems, well, not like an American movie. Subsequently, Canadian screenwriters seem so caught up in being strange that they lose sight of how to tell a good story and tell it well. Third, they seem to think that free (often full-frontal) nakedness does something artistic. I'm sure anyone watching enough Canadian movies, especially late at night in CBC, knows exactly what I'm talking about. It's almost as if a "don't do it" manual existed somewhere and Canadian filmmakers threw it out a long time ago. In the 90s and 00s, however, some films (such as Bruce McDonald's work and the brilliant CRAZY) broke this mold, and managed to keep what makes them Canadian, while maintaining wonderful production values ​​and stories. Whale Music is a film of the genre, on the surface. Deeper than his Canadian isms, it is a moving story of a man who has lost his grip, through pain and excess, which is redeemed by music and then by love. And that also redeems the rheostats. :)
