"Emma" was a product of what could be called from the first major cycle Jane Austen of the mid-nineties, and was recently shown on British television, no doubt due to the interest in the author created by the second great cycle Jane Austen who started with "Pride and Prejudice" two years ago. We currently have the biopic film of Austen "Becoming Jane" in theaters, and ITV recently produced three TV films based on Austen novels. These include "Northanger Abbey", the only one of the six major novels not to have been filmed before, so the cycle should be completed. There is no doubt, however, there will be others coming up in the near future. (There is, after all, his juvenile "Love and freedom" (sic!), The short novel "Lady Susan", and some, somewhere, undoubtedly provided the conclusions to his two unfinished fragments "The Watsons "and" Sanditon ". there are all those sequels of Austen baked by modern writers ??????). <br /> <br /> The main character is Emma Woodhouse, a young woman from an aristocratic family of Regency England. (Not, as some reviewers have suggested, Victorian England - Austen died before the birth of Queen Victoria). Emma is, economically, considerably richer than most of Austen's heroines, like Elizabeth Bennett or Fanny Price, and she doesn't need to find herself a rich husband. Instead, his main concern seems to find husbands for his friends. She persuades her friend Harriet to reject a marriage proposal from a young farmer, Robert Martin, believing that Harriet should have turned to the ambitious ecclesiastical Mr. Elton. This scheme is disastrously wrong, however, since Elton has no interest in Harriet, but has fallen in love with Emma herself. The speed with which Emma rejects her proposal makes one think about why she was so eager to match her friend with a man she considers (rightly) a marriage partner unsuitable for herself. Being a Jane Austen storyline, Emma turns out to be less committed than she is, and she also falls in love with her, leading to further complications. <br /> <br /> Emma always insists she won't marry without affection, and when she finds a mate, the handsome Mr. Knightley, we feel that this will indeed be a loving marriage. However, it does not seem likely that he is very passionate (unlike, for example, by Elizabeth Bennett and Mr Darcy). Knightley, who is sixteen years older than Emma (21 years old, 37 years old) and who is tied to her by marriage, is more like a father figure than a lover. Much more than a paternal figure, in fact, of his real father, an old hypocondriac querulous and selfish who looks more like his grandfather. When Emma is rude to her unbearable and boring friend Miss Bates, it is Knightley who rebukes her for her lack of good manners. (His surname is probably meant to indicate his noble nature: the gentlemen of the nineteenth century liked to consider themselves the modern equivalent of medieval knights with their elaborate cavalry codes). Both Gwyneth Paltrow and Jeremy Northam play their parts very well, but this is not really one of the great novels on the screen. <br /> <br /> Of the other characters, I liked the vulgar Mrs Elton by Juliet Stephenson and the Harriet by Toni Collette. I know that in the novel Harriet was a naive teenager, while here she is more like the character played by Collette in "Muriel's Wedding" - a twenty-fifth gauche, slightly overweight, who torments himself of his chances of finding a man. Nevertheless, I felt that this characterization worked well in the context of the film and did not detract from Austen's themes. <br /> <br /> "Emma" is one of Austen's most carefree works, without the darker shades of "Mansfield Park" or even "Pride and Prejudice", and this is reflected on the screen. We see a world of beauty and grace, full of stately homes and elegant costumes and good manners. Apart from the pimping gypsies, who make a very brief appearance, the only "poor" people we see are Mrs Bates and her daughter, and, while living in a sort of picturesque thatched cottage that will now change hands for over £ 500,000, we can be sure that their poverty is relative, not absolute. In Emma's world, poverty is defined as not having one's own majestic home. This, of course, is not a complete picture of life in the early nineteenth century, but no one has ever claimed Austen as the Regency equivalent of a realist in the kitchen. A sophisticated romantic comedy, combined with a keen eye for the analysis of the human character, was more in his line. <br /> <br /> I would not classify this film as well as the 1994 "Sense and Sensibility" or the recent "Pride" and Prejudice "- it tends to drag a little bit in the middle, although it has a strong start and end, but it is, on the whole, a very pleasant Austen adaptation 7/10
