Romance is in the air and love is in bloom in Victorian England, in this carefree story set against a society in a time when ways were still in vogue, the ladies were charming and elegant, and the gentlemen ran. "Emma", based on the novel by Jane Austen and written for the screen and directed by Douglas McGrath, plays the lovable Gwyneth Paltrow in the title role. Emma, ​​self-taught in the matchmaker, delights in the romantic concept of playing Cupid and trying to match those who feel suited to each other. Coming out of a successful correspondence that ended with marriage, she is about to find a companion for her friend, Harriet (Toni Collette), but the outcome of her initial attempt turns out to be less than satisfactory. Meanwhile, his efforts are tempered by the handsome Mr. Knightley (Jeremy Northam), whose insights into the heart often seem to be a little more subtle than Emma's, and lend the necessary balance to the proceedings. And Emma, ​​so worried about what's right for others, neglects the heart that is actually the most important of all: hers. The world revolves around and love abounds, but Emma is about to lose the boat. Fortunately for her, though, there is someone right for her who is waiting behind the scenes. Now, if you can, but stop long enough to realize it. But as all those who have known true love know, the things of the heart can go well or badly in an instant, depending on the slightest thing; and while the love story is at hand for Emma, ​​she must first recognize it and seize the moment. <br /> <br /> McGrath has created and produced a delightful wellness film that is like a breath of fresh air in our often turbulent world. There may be an air of frivolity about it, but in retrospect, this story is about something that is perhaps the most important thing there is - in all honesty - for almost everyone: love. And with the impeccable sense of rhythm and McGrath times, everything takes place here in a way that is entirely enjoyable and enjoyable. It is a pleasant and engaging film, with a wonderful cast, which successfully transports the viewer to another era and to another place. It is light but absorbent; and the settings and picturesque settings offer a sense of well-being and calm that allows you to immerse yourself in it and simply go with the flow. <br /> <br /> The seductive Paltrow, who won the Oscar for best actress for `Shakespeare In Love 'two years after making this, seems at ease in this genre. She personifies all that is English, and does it with such naturalness and ease that it is the kind of show that is easily taken for granted or completely overlooked. He is simply so good at what he does and makes it seem so easy. It has a charismatic screen presence and a captivating way that is very reminiscent of Audrey Hepburn. Yet Paltrow is unique. As an actor, he has a wide range and style and has shown - with films like "Hard Eight", "Hush" and "A Perfect Murder" - that he can play almost any part effectively, and with that personal touch that makes any role that you interpret. But it's with characters like Emma that really shines. She is so expressive and open, and her personality is so engaging, that she is a person who is easy to relate to and just a joy to watch, regardless of the part she plays. And for Emma, ​​it's absolutely perfect. <br /> <br /> Jeremy Northam is also very well in the role of Knightley, and like Paltrow, he seems suitable to the genre - in the right role, that is; his performance in the most recent "The Golden Bowl", in which he played an Italian prince, was far from satisfactory. Here, however, it is perfect; it's beautiful and behaves in a way that makes Knightley credible and very real. Like Mr. Darcy of Colin Firth in the miniseries `Pride and Prejudice ', Northam created a memorable character with his own Mr. Knightley. <br /> <br /> Also excellent in supporting roles and worthy of mention is Toni Collette, such as Emma's friend, Harriet Smith; and Alan Cumming, like the Reverend Elton. Respectively, Collette and Cumming create characters that are very real people, and as such become a vital resource for the overall success of this film. And it shows how invaluable support players are in the world of cinema and in movies of all kinds. <br /> <br /> The supporting cast includes Greta Scacchi (Mrs. Weston), Denys Hawthorne (Mr. Woodhouse), Sophie Thompson (Miss Bates), Kathleen Byron (Mrs. Goddard), Phyllida Law (Mrs. Bates ), Polly Walker (Jane Fairfax) and Ewan McGregor (Frank Churchill). An uplifting and elegant film, "Emma" is a reminder of civilized behavior and the value of kindness and grace in a world too often beset by unpleasantness. And even if it's only through the magic of the silver screen, it's nice to be able to escape into a world like this, even if only for a couple of hours, as it satisfies the need for that renewal of faith in the human spirit. And this is the magic of movies. I consider this 9/10. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />
