After seeing CUBE, I was a fan of Vincenzo Natali's work. Natali seems to have this ability unable to take a plot, and it is difficult to squeeze it like a wet towel for the whole plot it manages to pick up. Instead, let the stories themselves unfold naturally, so much so that you can actually believe that there is this Cube in which people try to escape, or in the case of NOTHING, a large empty expanse where there is ... Anything! The announcement made me instantly passionate. It seemed so simple! Take two characters that nobody likes and send them to a world where there is nothing. Natali does it so simply that she forgets the logic that a place where there is nothing can not exist. In fact, the world of nothingness becomes something ironic within the film. There is nothing there, but also "something" there. <br /> <br /> It might be a good time to point out that the trailer is highly misleading. I was fortunate enough to understand that the film bent on a more comical side of the trailer that was otherwise called. So, watching the movie, I sometimes laughed, while someone who induces advertising can be completely confused. <br /> <br /> If I can spend a minute giving the film a bit of praise, where the film excels is the concept. It's a brilliant concept to have a world of nothing, and put two characters there, NOT two brilliant characters, who will philosophize and solve their surroundings, but two idiots who have absolutely no idea where the hell they are! Another strong point is the film's cinematography, even if at first it might not look like it! Where each wall, north, earth, south, west, up and down is only a white plane, the perception of depth becomes defective. It is difficult to determine where things are located in the Mis-En-Scene. Cinematography has many moments when this actually happens, but for the most part, the camera is positioned so that two characters, or an object and a character are placed in the foreground and in the background, allowing for a sense of depth . /> <br /> However, this film is missing in certain areas. The film is relatively short, but even so, after a while the novelty of this world of nothingness becomes rather boring, and you want to find some form of resolution within the plot. We can also argue that acting is once again questionable. These two characters are in a sense unlikely, so we don't feel sympathy for these characters at any point. However, the flip side, the chemistry and friendship between the two characters seems real enough, but there is something missing. <br /> <br /> Even so, I classify it as a very nice movie! Don't be fooled by the trailer thinking this is another science fiction horror movie. It's much more than a comedy! Really worth looking at, purely for the concept itself!
