Director Vincenzo Natali showed his predilection for character-based science fiction films with his 1997 short film "Elevated", in which 3 people get trapped in an elevator while invisible monsters roam the building. His follow-up project "Cube", published later that year, had a very similar premise, this time with 6 people and instead of an elevator it was a vast expansion of deadly cubic incisions. Both were admirable attempts to take the sci-fi genre one step further, deliberately declining to show almost every visual stimulation, choosing instead to spend as much time as possible focusing on the human element, on how the characters act, react and interact in incomprehensible way and dangerous conditions. After his exploration into the mainstream with "Cypher" in 2002, Natali has returned to his bizarre character-to-film trend to bring us "Nothing", his latest and by far more optimistic and comic about the broad cinematic world of "What If ? "<br /> <br /> Dave (David Hewlett) and Andrew (Andrew Miller) are friends of a lifetime, united by a mutual detachment from society and the lack of anyone else to be with. Dave, who has always been hindered by a selfish and somewhat uneducated nature, lives without rent with Andrew in his poorly located and poorly built home, where he often takes advantage of Andrew's neurotic and antisocial mentality. Despite all this, the two misfits are happy together, until one day their profound defects of character, together with a certain misfortune of astronomy, will land them in the middle of a serious, serious prison problem. In addition to this, they discover that their home was judged unsuitable for existence and that it is scheduled to be demolished before sunset, so in the hazy panic, nightmare of all that is wrong with them, they want the whole world to disappear . And it does. <br /> <br /> Going further with the synopsis would compromise the slow (sometimes too slow) revelation of the film about what happened to Dave and Andrew, and how they deal with their new reality. The charm of Natali in the study of human behavior under duress (ala The Birds) is here in spades, but simply making the protagonists friends rather than strangers, is able to break away from the thriller-horror element of this premise to open it to a more comfortable and optimistic level. It's almost as if he had done the aphoristic opposite of "Cube". <br /> <br /> Obviously, the film is not 85 minutes of laughter and sunshine. In line with fundamental realism, the dynamics of our two anti-heroes often become antagonistic, sometimes with rather bad results. Like the game "Desert Island", the film observes how even the best friends, if left alone together, can fall apart, but at the same time show that friends are vital to the quality of existence. In a very shocked, sci-fi way, this is a well-made film, with good heart and good intentions. <br /> <br /> However, there are some problems with the "Nothing". While the two main actors, Hewlett and Miller, behave well with their parts, their characters are not as interesting as they should have been, considering that it is entirely their pleasure to entertain us for most of an hour. There is some development in the relationship and personality of Dave and Andrew, some data is provided, but in the end it is not enough. A generous spectator will sit through the less engaging portions of the film to see it through to the end, but the cynics will probably give up rather quickly. <br /> <br /> Acting, as mentioned, is adequate, and considering the amount of "green screen" work that would have been necessary, reasonably convincing. David Hewlett and Andrew Miller, both screenwriters of the script, have been longtime friends of Vincenzo Natali: Hewlett has in fact participated in every movie that Natali has made. Perhaps it was their creative contribution to lead this film in a more positive direction. Nevertheless, the story could have been much more engaging. Of course, it is relatively amusing considering that (no pun intended) nothing happens, but you have the impression that, with more expert hands, much more could have been done with this premise. <br /> <br /> all equity, "Nothing" is an impressive job in many ways. The concept is interesting, the direction is inventive, the script works on a human level and, above all, shows a progression in Natali's creative mentality. For fans of his work, this will be a pleasure, and for others it will be a nice way to spend some unwanted time. It's just a shame that the director's fixation on the human drama has prevented it from being the fantastic and fun movie that could have been.
