Optimized a bit, "Nothing" could be a children's movie. It's a very intelligent concept, it touches on some interesting metaphysical themes and goes against practically every Hollywood convention that you can think of ... what goes against everything more than, literally, "nothing"? Nothing is the story of two friends who wish the world away when everything goes wrong in their lives. All that remains is what they do not hate and a large empty white space. It is difficult to focus on a story about only two actors for most of your film, especially without any cut to whatever happens outside the plot. It focuses on almost a subject, but this is the first territory of Vincenzo Natali. If you've seen "Cube", you already know that he likes this kind of situation. The "nothing" in this film is apparently an infinite space, but Natali somehow manages to make it a bit claustrophobic, if only because there is literally nothing else, and nowhere else to go. The actors sell it, although you can say that these guys are still friends. Two "Cube" actors return here (Worth and Kazan), but they are completely different characters. They change throughout history, and while they are not the strongest actors in the world, they are at least credible. <br /> <br /> The reason why I say that this could be a film for children with the right modifications, is because apart from some f-bombs and a sequence of bloodthirsty dreams somehow useless, the whimsical and often silly of this film could easily be digested by children. So I find a strange choice that the writers have decided to add some coarse language and a small amount of blood, especially considering that there isn't much of this. This could have obtained a PG rating easily if they had simply cut a few things and changed a little dialogue. There is little objection to this film, but enough to prevent parents from wanting their children to see it. I'm just saying it's a shame because I'm not in favor of censorship, but because that could have been the only thing that kept this film from having a wider exposure. <br /> <br /> However, this is a reasonably fun movie, even if with some scenes dragged. But since they literally don't talk about anything and focus entirely on two characters and their interactions with absolutely nothing, they do a surprisingly good job for an independent film.
