Nothing is great! Simple like that! It is a film that should not work, yet it does. Natali remains in the realm of Sci-Fi, however this film is also a comedy. Cypher seemed to be a big budget business for Natali (for $ 7.5 million! Woo-hoo Pa!) So with Nothing it resizes again. This is a low budget, independent film at best. Simple, good old-fashioned narrative and an attempt to make a film for artistic merit, as the prerogative of the usual Hollywood reasons for most financial gains. Nothing is a movie about Nothing and before you ask for it, it's nothing like Seinfeld! Basically, Andrew and Dave are a couple of losers. They live in a strange house under two highways. Andrew is a telesales travel agent who is agoraphobic while Dave is Andrews' best friend who stays with him for free to help him. Dave is tired of this and has a beautiful girl he wants to move to. However, due to strange fortunes, Dave discovers that his girlfriend has stolen a huge amount of money from Daves' workplace to incriminate Dave, and that Andrew is wrongly accused of sexually assaulting an explorer girl humor!). Apparently, Andrew's house must also be demolished and cannot prevent it because the house was built on land that should not have been built. Both Andrew and Dave are inside the house when the police and the demolition team arrive. They are desperate and cannot escape, and in panic and confusion, just as the police explode into everything, it fades into white. What happened? Dave and Andrew are dead? They wake up to find themselves still in the house only that it is silent. No police, no demolition team, no scout girl angry! What happens is that Dave and Andy discover they have the ability to "wish or hate". Apparently they hated the whole outside world. They are left alone. The house is surrounded by nothing, which is portrayed as pure white. So this means that the film is set in a house and then it's just white. The film is an interesting vision of human isolation and the psyche and, of course, as they spend more time alone, without food and without water, they begin to tire of each other. They find that they can hate hunger, which is useful but obviously things get out of hand we will say. I can't reveal much, but I must say that the heads that bounce are a pretty sight. <br /> <br /> This film is bizarre, funny, interesting. The effects are simple but effective and Natali brings together two friends of Cube, David Hewlett and Andrew Millar to direct the film. They have chemistry and they work very well too. They have to keep 90% of the film alone and most of it in a pure white background, yet it works. I certainly expect this to have the same diabolical treatment as Cypher and should appear on DVD in a year or two in the United States. Nothing is a high quality and unique film, and although it is not as good as Cube or Cypher, it shows Natali once again as one of the best and the best. <br /> <br /> Natali is a person who has really interested me in his three features so far and I'm looking forward to his next film. I preach to God that he does not make the Necropolis proposal, written and directed by ADD sufferers, the always lousy Paul Anderson. Vincenzo, old friend, if Paul arrives at your pad, RUN !!! RUN LIKE THE WIND !! I hope and prey that this boy does not lead to Hollywood as Alex Proyas did (with the pleasant light with helium, covered with sugar, the light of the helium: The Robots!). Keep your eyes open for this boy. ****
