When it came out, this was practically the most avant-garde musical film entertainment. To date it's more fun than most, largely because he has James Cagney in the lead role of a musical prologue producer in a succession of deadlines and sheltered from all storms by his faithful "Friday girl" played by Joan Blondell . Even the musical numbers near the end that were put together by Busby Berkeley are pretty much a knock-out for that kind of thing. <br /> <br /> But this is a rather strange film. I mean, in one of those numbers, Billy Barty is around pretending to be an adorable baby, doing all kinds of strange things. Ruby Keeler always seems to have a disgusting smile on her face, but at least she is not obliged to behave as in some of her last unlucky films. You would never imagine that Dick Powell was any kind of hard man to see him in this movie; apparently all the energy of the tough guy was assigned to the star Cagney. As for Cagney, its high speed transmits musical performances and so on are eye-catching and annoying at the same time. After a while it gets a little too much. You expect me to come out and say, "Hey, I have a great idea for a prologue! Women are cigarettes and they come out of a pack of cigarettes! Oh no, we did it last month!" It's fun but it gets a little repetitive. In moments when he has to get tough on the bad girl, Ruth Donnelly, a Cagney gangster character comes out. Actually, the gangster B director William Keighley is credited here with the coaching dialogue, and it sometimes seems that Cagney and Blondell invoke something very "street" even if the characters are not criminals. <br /> <br /> The musical numbers ... what can you say? They are alone as entertainment, the way Berkeley uses the human body and geometry is truly amazing. But none of them really means anything. It means "Honeymoon Hotel", nothing more or less. And the whole fiction of integration disintegrates immediately, as the characters of the show are doing things that could not be appreciated by a theatrical audience like the portrayed films. For example, at some point they show the fine print on a newspaper, things like that. The whole thing could only exist on the film, so the idea that prologues are actually live shows is ridiculous. I can only assume that the public of that period was a little less critical of things like this than ten years later or so, because this is a very refined production. <br /> <br /> It's nice to see Cagney himself showing off his superb dancing skills, and he can really share the stage with a dancer like Keeler. Cagney and Blondell have excellent chemistry and their scenes go really well. The music I would say is only mediocre, but above all pleasant if repetitive. The management of Bacon in general is very suitable but never interesting. The entertainment value of the film is unquestionable and has also garnered some nostalgic value along the way. It's a cut above most "let's put on a show" movie from the 1930s.
