Very soon Oliver Stone (associate) produced the film and one of the first films in the impressive career of Lloyd Kaufman (co-founder and president of the only true independent independent studio in the world Troma, creator of the Toxic Avenger and, at the prestigious Amsterdam Fantastic Filmfestival, filmmaker awarded for life for over 30 years). After collecting the money for this film alone, Lloyd wrote this script together with Theodore Gershuni in 1970 and in hindsight he regrets having heard the advice to have Gershuni direct the film, instead of doing it alone. But at the time he was still inexperienced in the business and it is probably due to decisions like these that he no longer takes nonsense from anyone. In fact it would have been interesting to see Lloyd's version of his script - as one of the most original, daring, experimental and non-compromising directors in the world, he probably would have given him an even greater advantage than he already had. But how is the film directed by Gershuni. And the time is due to the strong script, or to the fact that he too is really a director of his own, SUGAR COOKIES is a very intelligent film, very full of suspense and well done that deserves much more attention than it receives. The small budget of the small studio (this was even before Kaufman and his friend and partner for over 30 years, Michael Herz, formed by Troma) had to work is so well run that the film seems much more expensive, indeed it doesn't look "low budget". The story revolves around the lesbian Camilla Stone (played by the enigmatic Mary Woronow) and her lover who wakes up through the circumstances that I won't reveal in order not to ruin a delicious story. This leads to a succession of plot weaves, mind games and personality reforms that are freely inspired by Hitchcock's Vertigo and at least as inventive. The atmosphere is much darker, however, and some comparisons come to mind with the performance of Nicholas Roeg and Donald Cammell. In this mix there is a thriller full of very original and inventive eroticism that does not at all explain how it will end, which, together with a beautifully woven sub-plot with a nod to the previous Kaufman and unfortunately not available BIG GUSS IS THE FUSS, it makes an exciting hour and a half. Surely one of the best films of the Troma library and, once again, one of those films that defy the curious fantasy that their catalog is in bad taste. The DVD includes some recent interviews conducted by Kaufman with Woronov and the other protagonist Lynn Lowry (later in THE Romans' THE CRAZIES), thus giving some interesting insights into what happened during the making of this cult cult and some suggestions about what would have been different if Lloyd had directed it himself. Highly recommended.
