A haunt of opium, a dirty little boy (actually a dwarf), prostitutes galore, a violent fracture in a dive, a motel for sexual cheating, little girls dressed with very low necklines, a boozer falling down the stairs, Mixed racial clientele in a bar with Asians, Africans and anglos treated alike, does this sound like a movie playing at the local mall? Mistaken. These are all scenes of a 1933 musical. <br /> <br /> The first part of "Footlight Parade" is the preparation for a musical show that occupies the last half of the film. Chester Kent (Cagney) is about to lose his job and lose his playgirl's wife because of the spoken images that squeeze live musicals. His producers take him to see a popular talker of the day, John Wayne in "The Big Trail". Before each screening of the film, a dance number is presented as a prologue. Shorts, news reels, serials and cartoons would serve the purpose later. Kent has the idea that a chain of prologues would be the road to salvation for the decline of live musical activity. Kent is basically a man's idea along the lines of the choreographer Busby Berkeley. Could it be that Cagney's character is modeled on Berkeley? It could be. <br /> <br /> In preparation for the prologues, Kent learns that his ideas are stolen by a rival. He discovers the traitor, fires him, then, unbeknownst to him, a new loss is planted in the form of a dazzling temptress. His assistant, Nan Prescott (Joan Blondell - who will soon become Mrs. Dick Powell) has her ass for Kent and is determined to expose the temptress's wiles. A new singer from Arkansas College comes in the form of Scotty Blain (Dick Powell) who turns out to be a real find and is paired with Bea Thorn (Ruby Keeler). The three prologue musicals that derived from them, which absolutely could not be presented on any stage of the day's cinema, are as fresh and fun today as they were over seventy years ago, "Honeymoon Hotel", "By a Waterfall" and Shanghai Lil. "<br /> <br /> Of special note is the song and dance of the tough James Cagney. Like Fred Astaire and Bill "Bojangles" Robinson, Cagney's dance appeared natural and uncomprehending, even though the hours went into practice to get every step right. Not a good singer like Astaire, Cagney's singing, like Astaire's, sounded natural, unlike the crooning so popular at the time. It's amazing that a person can be as talented and versatile as James Cagney. <br /> <br /> Most critics prefer the "Shanghai Lil" segment to the other two. Yet the kaleidoscopic choreography of "By a Waterfall" is surprising. How Berkeley was able to film the ballets underwater and create the chain of the human snake must have been difficult because it was never repeated. Close-ups brilliantly mixed with distant corners are a must see. The clear black and white photography is much more artistic than it would have been if it had been shot in color. <br /> <br /> Although not as socially conscious as the "Gold Diggers of 1933", "Footlight Parade" stands out on its own as one of the most incredible and outrageous musicals ever shown on the big screen.
