Beginning here is a synopsis: Porn Queen Alta Lee (Lynn Lowry) is murdered by her porn lover Max (George Shannon) in a sexual Russian roulette game. Alta's other lover, the icy lesbian casting agent Camila Stone (Mary Woronov), provides an alibi for Max. But Camila has a program of her own, and a plan that involves the seduction of innocent actress Julie (still Lynn) in a network of sexual mind games. When the identities of the doubles are quite blurry, the stage is ready for revenge as passionate as the most intense carnal encounter. <br /> <br /> Although this film is rather obscure and has never had much attention, I find it a sexy and suspenseful jewel. Goddess Cult Woronov has one of her best roles ever, and she and innocent sexy Lowry play each other well. The shocking music provided by Gershon Kingsley, as well as two original songs ("All-American Boy", "You Say You Have Never Let Me Down") and the Jaynetts "Sally, Go 'Round the Roses" make up a memorable soundtrack. Theodore Gershuny's direction is sharp, with everything being photographed in muted earth tones that perfectly suggest unpleasant affairs that boil under the upper crust of society. With tons of great New York atmosphere, Ondine (Woronov's friend and fellow Warholite) gave a great interpretation in a small role, and exotic Monique Van Vooren in the role of Max's ex-wife in a comic subplot. This subplot, even if funny, seems to belong to another film. However, I am not complaining, because the film is fluent even if it changes gear and it is much more interesting that the garbage of the erotic thriller is currently expelled. <br /> <br /> Trivia: Sugar Cookies was originally rated X (soft-core) and published by General Film Corporation in 1973. I'm the proud owner of an original one-sheet poster - lucky! In 1977, the film was cut out for an R and republished by Troma Team, which now offers it uncut on video. Mary Woronov was the wife of Theodore Gershuny at the time, and is said to be uncomfortable reciting the simulated sexual scenes of lesbians with him looking behind the camera. It can also be seen in two of his previous productions, Kemek (1970) and Silent Night, Bloody Night (1972).
