My former Cambridge contemporary, Simon Heffer, now a writer and journalist, put forward the theory that, just as British filmmakers in the 1980s were often critical of what they called "Thatcher's Britain", Ealing's plays were intended like satire "Attlee's Britain", Britain born after the Labor victory in the general elections of 1945. This theory was not supposed to be applied, for example, "Kind Hearts and Coronets" (which is, if possible, a satire on the Edwardian upper classes) or "The Ladykillers" or "The Lavender Hill Mob", both of which may contain some satire but are not of a political nature. However, it can be applied to most other films in the series, in particular "Passport to Pimlico". <br /> <br /> Pimlico is, or at least was in the 1940s, a predominantly working-class district of London, located on the north bank of the Thames about a mile from Victoria station. It is not entirely correct to say, as has often been said, that the film is about Pimlico "declaring itself independent" from Great Britain. What happens is that an ancient map comes to light which shows that in the 15th century the area was ceded by King Edward IV to the duchy of Burgundy. This means that, technically, Pimlico is an independent state, and has been for almost five hundred years, regardless of the will of its inhabitants. The government promises to pass a special law of the Parliament to rectify the anomaly, but until the law receives the Royal Assent, the area will remain outside the United Kingdom and British law does not apply. <br /> <br /> Because Pimlico is not subject to British law, the owner of the local pub is free to open whatever time he chooses and local retailers can sell anything they like to anyone, without hindrance by rationing laws. When other traders start moving to the area to sell their goods in the streets, the British authorities are horrified by what they consider black-marketeer legalized and seal the area to try to force the "Burgundians", as the inhabitants of Pimlico renamed themselves, to surrender. <br /> <br /> Many of Ealing's comedies have as their central theme the idea that the little man assumes the system, either as an individual that happens in "The man in the white suit" or "The Lavender Hill Mob", or as part of a larger community like "Whiskey Galore" or "The Titfield Thunderbolt". The central theme of "Passport" is that of ordinary men and women who take on the bureaucracy and regulations imposed by the government that seemed to be an increasingly important feature of life in Britain in the 1940s. The particular objective of the film is the rationing system. During the war the system had been accepted by most people as a necessary sacrifice in the fight against Nazism, but became increasingly politically controversial when the government tried to keep it in peacetime. It was an important factor in the growing unpopularity of the administration of Attlee which had been elected by a large majority in 1945, and organizations like the British Housewives' League were established for the campaign for the abolition of rationing. I cannot agree with the reviewer who stated that the main goals of the film satire were the "spivs" (black marks), which play a relatively minor role in the action, or the League of housewives, which do not appear at all. Satire is very focused on bureaucrats, who have a "rule for rules" mentality or a desire to pass the time and avoid having to take any action. <br /> <br /> I suspect that if the film were to be made today it would have a different ending with Pimlico remaining independent as a British version of Monaco or San Marino. (Indeed, I suspect that today this concept could serve as a basis for a television sitcom rather than a film). In 1949, however, four years after the end of the war, the filmmakers were enthusiastic about the patriotism of stress and British identity, so the film ends with the reabsorption of Pimlico in Britain. One of the most famous lines in the film is "We have always been in English and we will always be in English and it is only because we are Italian that we are looking for our right to be Burgundian". There is a strong contrast between the rather ruthless attitude of the bureaucracy, the common sense, the tolerance and the good humor of Pimlico's Cockneys, all presented as typically British features. <br /> <br /> Much of the action takes place during a summer drought and a sweltering heat wave, but in the last scene, after Pimlico has returned to the UK, the temperature drops and it starts to rain. Global warming may have slightly altered things, but for many years part of being British was the ability to maintain conviction, whatever the statistic might say to the contrary, that Britain had an abnormally humid climate. The ability to make jokes about that climate was equally important. <br /> <br /> There is a good performance by Stanley Holloway in the role of Arthur Pemberton, the grocer and local politician who becomes the prime minister of free Pimlico, and a funny cameo by Margaret Rutherford as a professor of crazy history . Overall, however, this is, quite appropriate for a film about a small community that gathers, an example of acting together without real stars, but with everyone's contribution to an excellent film. The malice and resentment of many more recent satirical films are lacking, but his spirit and his satire are not less effective for all this. It remains one of the funniest satyrs on bureaucracy ever made and, with the possible exception of "Kind Hearts and Coronets", is my favorite among Ealing's comedies. 10/10
