It is true that "The Unseen" by Danny Steinmann is a simplistic horror thriller with a very predictable plot, with no particular attempts at twists or surprises of any kind and literally characterized by every single cliché that the genre has carried on over the decades, but that doesn't necessarily make it a bad movie. On the contrary, my friends and I were pleasantly surprised by this obscure but nevertheless intense shock feature of the 1980s, which mainly benefits from a handful of brutal images and a decidedly bright cast. The beautiful and ambitious reporter Jennifer Fast and two of her equally attractive friends travel to a small Californian town to shoot a documentary on the anniversary festival, but their hotel has forgotten to register the reservation. In their search for a place to stay, the trio meets the exaggerated but friendly curator of the museum, Ernest Keller, who invites the girls to stay in his remote country home. One by one the girls experience that Keller and her extremely introverted and submissive sister Victoria hide a dark and murderous secret inside their home. "The Unseen" can easily be described as an economic and ultimately perverse amalgam of the horror classics "Psycho" and "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre". The plot is a series of familiar themes that have become famous and infinitely imitated due to these two films, such as the intricate secrets of the family in the cellar, voyeurism, the murdered mad murderers and an unappealing treatment of chickens. However, I don't consider these negative comments, since "The Unseen" is an absolutely unpretentious and modestly disturbing thriller that clearly never intended to be the greatest classic horror of the decade. Even if the conclusion of the plot is clear enough, the director Steinmann tries to keep the mystery keeping the devil present in the "invisible" house as the promised title. Casting choices and acting performances are really what lift this sleeper above the mediocre level. Sydney Lassick, immortalized by her role as anxious psychiatric patient Charley Cheswick in "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest", is indeed the ideal choice for the role of Ernest Keller. His persistent obstinacy and almost naturally perverse appearance are exactly what the character needs. Even Stephen Furst, who eventually moves from the invisible to the visa, offers an exceptional performance as "Junior". He looks and acts like a genuine handicapped and his attempts to approach Jennifer in the basement are really unnerving. "The Unseen" is a slow and predictable 80s movie, but still powerful that will surely appeal to fans of the exploitation of the 70s and to generally strange things.
