Get this movie if possible. You will really find a beautiful performance by Barbara Bach, a beautiful photograph of a majestic (and incredibly clean) but disturbing old house, and an unexpected virtuous show of ?? "The Unseen". I took a used copy of this film because I was interested in seeing more of Bach, which I had just seen in "The Spy Who Loved Me". I love classically beautiful actresses and I appreciate them even more if they can act a little. So: let's start with a nice fresh premise. The TV journalist Bach leaves his boyfriend and goes to cover a festival in a Californian city, Solvang, which celebrates his Swedish origins by organizing a big popular festival. He carries a cameraman, who appears to be his sister and another partner. (The late Karen Lamm plays Bach's sister, and if you know who the celebrities with which each of these women is married, it's too fun to look at Bach (Mrs. Ringo Starr) and Lamm (Mrs. Dennis Wilson) as they walk down the street with a fraternal quarrel.)) Anyway ?? Bach's unfortunate beau follows her to Solvang, since he hasn't finished arguing with her. There is still a lot of feeling between them, but she doesn't want to see him tear himself away from his footballing career. The women arrive in Solvang to do their station assignment, only to find that their reservations have been given to someone else. (Perhaps to Bach's boyfriend, why do you think about where he will go?). The girls ask around but there is really no place to go. Mistakenly trying to enter an old hotel that now serves only as a museum, they capture the interest of the owner Mr. Keller (the late Sidney Lassick), who decides to be a gentleman and to lodge them at his house, insisting that his wife will be happy to receive them. Oh no! The next thing we know is that Keller is making a whispered phone call to his wife, warning her that the company is coming and threatening you will do better to play. Woe to Heaven! The ladies are anxious to settle down and return to Solvang to shoot movies and interview the Swedes, but one of the girls doesn't feel well. Bach and Lamm leave her behind, wondering about Mrs. Keller (interpreted in a harrowing way by the beautiful Lelia Goldoni) who seems to have lost her best friend. By the way ?? Vicki takes off her clothes and goes into a nice hot tub, not realizing that Keller has crept into her room to inspect the keyhole. She feels it, thinks she came to deliver the linen, and asks her thanks. Lassick did a great job in this scene expressing the anguish of a fat old man who didn't get enough eyes. After he left, poor Vicki throws herself into bed for a nap, but is torn away from a real fast action (in a really decent and frightening action) by something BIG that seems to have crept through a grill on the floor ?? The Unseen! Lamm returns home later (Bach is finishing an argument with her boyfriend) and can't find anyone at home. Does it hit a plate of fruit in the kitchen and, with hands and knees to pick it up, his hair and his fashionable scarf sway tempers over the black grid of the floor ?? attracting The Unseen again! Well, roughly when poor Lamm is taking her quietus in the kitchen, we flashback to Mr. Keller's past and we have the full story of what is his sick and sadistic background and why his wife doesn't smile much. Bach finally returns home and wants to know where his friends are. Meanwhile, Lassick was informed of the afternoon's carnage by his crying wife and decides he can't leave Bach outside the premises to reveal the secret of his home. It induces her to go down to the basement where the last act of the Keller family tragedy finally opens to all of us. <br /> <br /> I can't say enough for Stephen Furst, whom I had never seen before; it is obvious that he did his homework for this role, studying the methods of communication and expression of the damaged brain; Bach and Goldoni, each in their own different way, give only the shine of the film. Not only that, but the film is resolved with a satisfactory resolution. No stupid, low-cost tricks, dialogues that roll your eyes or pathetically cut corners ... A real surprise for your collection.
