Dolph Lundgren is back! The holder marks the first Dolphs movie in almost 2 years, and this follows the delayed hidden agenda. This film still marks an improvement for Dolph compared to his Jill Rips, Agent Red and Stormcatcher trilogy. However this film is far below the Hidden Agenda standard, which was better in almost all respects. What this film has in its favor from the previous release of Dolph, is a sense of cheesy fun. The film also has a rejuvenated Dolph in an action role, and it's nice to see Dolph do his stunts again. <br /> <br /> The film's history is ridiculous and a B-movie material of the highest quality. A former soldier is now a teacher and on his last day of teaching, while holding a detention course, he comes across some bad Slovaks who have taken over the school as a cover for a big drug deal. The film has no originality, but in a film of this type it is necessary to have a sense of fun with all the clichés. If you take it too seriously, the public will find little to enjoy. Fortunately, filmmakers don't take things too seriously and, along with all the cliches of action that can be imagined and predictability, this film has such a bad kind of pleasant atmosphere. <br /> <br /> Where the movie is left down it's miss-using a pretty decent budget. The budget of about 10 million was not well spent. It's all on the screen with a lot of carnage and big explosions, but many of the shots lack imagination. The opening action is in place, but after that the good moments become more scarce. There are good times. For example, you have a car that runs through the school corridors and a decent shooting at the beginning, with a lot of destruction. The rest of the shootouts are pretty mechanical, but there's a lot to do on the screen. <br /> <br /> Regarding the cast. The hidden agenda boasted the best cast with which Dolph had worked for centuries. There was a good level of actors for a DTV movie. This however has problems. The actors are mostly bad. The bad guys are terrible, but the thug has some kind of funny cheesiness because Alex Karsis plays it so over the top and without the slightest hint of any threat that you can laugh at pure wickedness. The teenagers of the piece are actually good but play such common characters. Everyone hates authority, each other and everyone has bad attitudes and, of course, eventually learns important life lessons, but generally they are decent and Chris Collins in particular has a liking. This film is all about Dolph though. Although this film is not near its best at all, it is not at all near its worst. It also marks a turning point in his career. Now he is back in good shape and will be even more fit in his next film Direct Action. Dolph looks enthusiastic here, does all his tricks and it's nice to see him play the typical action man (running away from slow-motion explosions, a liner and handling big weapons) again in a movie like his older ones, though with less elegance and imagination than films on clichés like Army Of One. It's nice to see Dolph looking excited. His films of the last 8 years have seen Dolph look a little more tired, and use double a lot (he still does all the fighting himself) but the new simplified Dolph seems to work. <br /> <br /> Overall this is watchable only for the value of the cheese and Dolph in men's first action mode. There is not a single surprise, but it has a ridiculous inept charm. **
