This is a great fun action movie in my opinion, with fantastic characters, lots of action and an extraordinary performance by Dolph Lundgren, however Alex Karzis is as horrible as the villain! The story is very good, and I found the guys pleasant for the most part, besides Dolph Lundgren it's just great at that! The action scenes are excellent, and it's almost like Die Hard except that it's set in a school! Furthermore Kata Dobó is very threatening and sexy as her partner! The ending is very exciting, and it also has a couple of fantastic emotional moments! However, I only wished that there was another villain, because Alex Karzis didn't cut it as a bad guy, but it's ridiculous for my taste. This should be as high as 4.1 in my opinion, since I thought it was a fantastic action movie, and while the kids sometimes were very stupid, they became quite enterprising as the movie went on! !. The ending is a lot of fun, and the character of Corey Sevier was my favorite student!, Plus Dolph has yet to understand! This is a great fun action movie in my opinion, with fantastic characters, lots of action and an amazing performance by Lundgren !, but Alex Karzis is as terrible as the villain, I still highly recommend this! The management is very good! Sidney J. Furie does a great job here with a great photographic work, good angles and keeping the film at a very fast pace! There is a bit of blood and violence. We receive many extremely bloody gunshot wounds, a knife on the side of the head, bloody arrow attacks, an impaling one and other minor things. The acting is fantastic! Dolph Lundgren is amazing as always, and he is fantastic here, he is extremely nice, he kicks that ass as usual, he has great skill with children, he has a fantastic character, he is very charismatic and may not have shown great emotional anger , it was still a lot of fun to watch !, is one of my favorite actors! (Lundgren rules !!!!!). Alex Karzis is a horrible god like the villain, it's ridiculous OTT, he was boring, and not at all threatening, he also bothered me. Kata Dobó is very sexy like the side kick and did well with what she had to do, she was the real bad guy in my opinion! Corey Sevier is as fun as Mick, he was my favorite student, and I started warming up a lot with him in the 2nd half, I loved it! He also had good chemistry with Dolph. Dov Tiefenbach (Willy), Chris Collins (Hogie), Mpho Koaho (Jay Tee), Danielle Hampton (Alicia), Nicole Dicker (Charlee) all go great as students. Jennifer Baxter is very pretty and is as good as the girlfriend. the rest of the cast is good. Overall I highly recommend this!. *** 1/2 on 5
