Jeopardy is a tense and satisfying thriller, a cut above a B but not an important production. It almost qualifies as an experimental film, as the studio that produced it, Metro, was desperately searching for new types of films, stars and directors to compete with the new television medium. The director, John Sturges, was a promising one whose best years were ahead of them. He had just started directing A-level films and had already proved himself a very capable craftsman. The stars Barbara Stanwyck, Barry Sullivan and Ralph Meeker, were in very different stages of their careers. Stanwyck's glory years were behind her, yet he could still bring a movie, as shown here. Barry Sullivan, like her husband, was one of a dozen prominent men who started in the films of the forties and who never achieved the success that many had hoped for him. He was a discreet, low-profile actor, in the balance, but in a medium-high way rather than an upper class, which made him excellent in professional roles. As the escaped prisoner who is the only person around who can save Sullivan's life (he is trapped under a pier and the tide is rising), Ralph Meeker is more energetic than usual. This excellent actor had the misfortune of having come to the cinema after Brando and Clift. He was becoming a good actor like one of them, but he lacked the charisma. His bargaining with Stanwyck, which comes down to his demanding sex in exchange for saving her husband (by implication only, since it's 1953), creates an intriguing premise that, if it had been a different genre of film, he could have raised every sort of interesting questions about the character of Stanwyck. Meeker is indeed a more exciting character than Sullivan; and in his scenes with him Stanwyck is more lively than she is with her husband and her son. But since this is a formulaic image, not a Strindberg comedy, the possibility that Stanwyck may want to have an adventure, leaving aside the question of her husband's situation, remains unexplored. In this sense the incoming tide does not have the effect that could have been desired, even if the film remains tense and very funny thanks to the excellent acting, to the photography of refined location, almost all outdoors, and to the excellent directed by Mr. Mr. sadly undervalued Sturges.
