I disagree with one of the reviewers who compared this film to American International Pictures. Basil Deardon directed a brutally realistic film with an honest attempt to portray the rise of juvenile delinquency in post-war England (but without the sentimentalism of "Blackboard Jungle"). Cinematography has been excellent as it has captured the fear and isolation of the large residential complex. The estate looked like an old prison. Stanley Baker was excellent as a hardened detective, reassigned to the youth division - "Urgent, urgent - Larceny - five icicles" !!!! It turns out that he is the target of many lines. David McCallum proved to be one of Britain's best young talents in the fifties. (He had a very different role in another Stanley Baker film "Hell Drivers"). His portrait of Johnny and the fanatical following he inspired was very terrifying. Ann Heywood was also as good as the cynical Cathie. I wouldn't say there was a romantic subplot inside. Detective Jack Truman is investigating a series of arson attacks by someone labeled "Firefly". Just as he finds the evidence that could lead to a breakthrough, he is assigned to the Youth Division - he is rather disgusted by what he feels is not adequate police work. In the midst of all the fuss he gets his first call - the 6-year-old Murphy twins are scamming local lollipop shops !!! <br /> <br /> Bringing the twins home meets their brother, the charismatic Johnny, and their bitter sister Cathie. He begins to appreciate how life in the appalling settlements can turn children into criminals. While he is more involved with the family, he realizes that there is a strong link between the fires, Johnny and a scared young Chinese man who works for a laundry. The local priest (Peter Cushing in an unusual role, far from the horrors of Hammer) explains that when Johnny was younger he had saved some people from a burning building and greeted a hero. He wanted to resume the feeling of importance and to be useful and he felt he could light fires. The school siege was filmed in a very real way and the viewer felt the fear of children - the teacher (thinking only of his own safety) runs away and closes them in the room with the terrified madman !!!! <br /> <br /> I thought it was a really excellent film that tried to show some of the social problems that Britain experienced after the war. <br /> <br /> Highly recommended.
