This is a great little movie, really unique and creative, with great twists and wonderful shows! All the characters are fantastic, and the story is bizarre, fascinating and very interesting, and Nicole Kidman is simply fantastic in this one! It is very difficult to describe this film, because it is really bizarre, it's a comedy / romance, a minute then turns into a thriller the next, however it was still a lot of fun, besides Nicole's Russian accent was fantastic, and extremely convincing . Chaplin and Kidman had a great feeling together, and I loved the performance of Vincent Cassel !, and some of the twists really took me by surprise! The ending was very nice, and it's unpredictable in everything! Furthermore, this movie is quite underrated as well! You will feel sorry for Chaplin and the way he was scammed, and I thought that all the characters were really nice, and the ending is particularly good. This is Nicole's movie, and it brings him with his incredibly sexy performance! This is a great little movie, really unique and creative, with some fantastic twists and wonderful shows! I highly recommend it! The management is very good! Jez Butterworth does a great job here, with great photographic work, solid corners and keeping the film at a fast pace! The acting is wonderful! Nicole Kidman, is extraordinarily beautiful!, And is incredible as always, is incredibly sexy, very nice, has one of the coolest accents, added a lot of presence, had a great feeling with Ben Chaplin and has a very mysterious character! , it was incredible. (Kidman rules !!!!). Ben Chaplin is fantastic here, he is extremely nice, he has a nice character, he has a very good chemistry with Kidman, the only thing I didn't like is that he got his anger out on Kidman, even if what he did is wrong, and I liked how he got revenge in the end! Vincent Cassel is fantastic as the main villain, yes he was OTT, but sometimes he was very intense and rather terrifying, this role was perfect for him. Mathieu Kassovitz is OK, but he hasn't had much to do. The rest of the cast is fine. Overall I highly recommend this!. *** 1/2 on 5
