I highly recommend this movie! And I will certainly recommend it personally to my friends and family, here and abroad! It was with enthusiasm anticipation, that I just booked online, I loved it so much! It's not out until February / March 2008, but it's worth the wait! But first go see it at the cinema, if you can. There is nothing like the cinematic experience of a movie made in the cinema! Insist because your local cinema puts it on stage! I went to see "Seachd, the Inaccessible Pinacle" tonight, here in London, and I was really impressed. It is a marvel: a really beautiful film set in the Scottish Highlands: you will laugh, you will cry, you will be moved in different ways, you will be intrigued and as the story within the stories is revealed, you will be amazed at that revelation. <br /> <br /> This film is in Scottish Gaelic with English subtitles, but don't let it distract you if you're not a Gaelic speaker: I'm just starting, and my son Not many people have been there tonight, and they didn't ruin us by any means! The superlatives are not enough! Photography is superb - there is no CGI here, and the film is so much better for this - you have real photography here! The script is so cleverly and subtly written. The multi-layered weave weaves the magical art of the ancient storytellers. Sometimes the music is stimulating, sometimes haunting, but it always adds to the atmosphere of the atmosphere. And the acting? ... is to be seen ... and the actors? ... are the true weavers of this delightful but profound film, in particular the two main actors, "Padruig-the-young" and "Padruig-the-elder" (A true bard, if there ever was!), Che both carried a very heavy load! And the management? Well, watch out, Richard! And the manufacturer, responsible for raising funds, hiring key personnel and organizing distributors? A well done task! I hope you will make sure that the distribution goes to our communities abroad! And the Gaelic community? Uill, without you it couldn't have happened! We were told that this film was made on a low budget, but you wouldn't know it, and I think it could be because, for what could be lacking in money, they more than compensated with the richness of the heart, and the warmth and collaboration of the local Scottish Gaelic community. <br /> <br /> A heartfelt thanks to all those interested in the creation and sponsorship of "Seachd" - Mòran taing! (Many thanks!) Give Gael to the World! From the world to the gaels!
