An incredible documentary has captured all the frenetic chaos and misery that loomed over New York on that fateful morning of September 11th. Intense, personal and completely compelling, September 11th is perhaps the greatest documentary ever made by accident, which gives it an even greater charm. Until that morning, directors Gideon and Jules Naudet had followed a New York fire brigade, focusing in particular on a new recruit in a small piece they were filming while facing rigorous training to become a fireman. With the team that morning, as he resumed another simple cleaning routine, Jules lifted his camera to the sky just in time to record one of the only known images of the first plane that hit the World Trade Center, and from there a simple documentary was no longer. <br /> <br /> Spectators have a first-hand account of what it feels like to be in and around the zero point, as the incredible group of firefighters and a deeply bewildered cameraman try to overcome this disaster. Without hesitation, Naudet follows these heroes automatically programmed into the tower as the entire support collapses around them. The impending fear of an incumbent and incognito destiny is hidden with greater vitality, therefore any fictitious production could never sound as we look less and less audible and visible for those trapped inside. Almost memorable is the candidacy of older brother Gideon to capture an entire city in the crowd of a bigger and more palpable fear than what they had collectively seen. When we can see the second collapse of the tower, while the cameraman defends himself from apocalyptic debris, we should almost tire of ourselves from the surprisingly close-up shots captured. <br /> <br /> Obviously filmmakers deserve just as much credit as being in the right place at the right time to document such an extraordinary event, although only the two brothers can be admired in their extraordinary adaptation to such an event; in a desperate few minutes we see that they become like the firefighters who document, but instead of saving lives they knew that they had to save the shooting, even if it cost them safety. <br /> <br /> After seeing September 11 and seeing that it was released in 2002, I feel much more resentment towards the recent delivery of Oliver Stone, the great World Trade Center in the balance sheet. Many had criticized the film for ignorantly narrowing attention to those two survivors trapped in the rubble, and although I liked the film for the small and sentimental Hollywood approach, September 11th made its film completely obsolete . Not only will this absolutely compelling film remain the only definitive collection from that day, but the sublime transfer of motivations halfway ensures that this documentary has all the heart and character necessary to never sensationalize the event again.
