Adding this documentary in a few words is almost impossible. Every fiber in your body tells you that this is not happening right from the assembly of opening the images on a rapid fire, until the last resumption of cleaning of Ground Zero, but each frame is real. The story was conceived by two French brothers living in New York. Jules (28) and Gideon (31) Naudet (pronounced "Nau-day") want to make a documentary on the New York fire brigade, starting with a "novice" of the Academy and following him for the nine months of the probationary period to full Firefighter in all respects. Looking for the help of their close friend, the actor James Hanlon (36), an actor and a fireman from Station 1, Engine 7, the Naudets sift the "Probies" at the academy and find one, Tony Benetakos for concentrate most of their documentary on. <br /> <br /> Tony becomes the target of jokes and slowly learns the background of station life through the members of this close-knit family. Firefighters have a superstition about "Probies". Is that they are either "White Clouds" or "Black Clouds", in the sense that with the latter, all types of fires follow the "Probie". The first means that very little fire activity follows, but one day there will be the mother of all fires. Tony is a "White Cloud". After some initial initial pains, Tony settles in the fire station as if he were an experienced veterinarian. So the unthinkable occurs .... <br /> <br /> September 11th 2001 starts with a blue sky and a morning call to go and see an alleged gas leak not far from Wall Street. Since Jules had little experience with the camera, Gideon delivers a camera to his younger brother and tells him to go with the boss, T. K. Pfeiffer. Arriving at about 8:42 am, the fire brigade starts using their gas detectors on a grid. Then the sudden roar of what appears to be a low-flying plane crosses the scene, and as Jules moves up, we see the first blow of the day. American Airlines Flight 11 clashes with the North Tower of 1 World Trade. Pfeiffer orders his men to enter the fire station and head for the World Trade Center. Once there, Jules asks to accompany the Chief to the tower. Pfeiffer tells Naudet to stay close to him. Once inside, the full impact of the growing disaster begins to show on the faces of men whose only purpose is to save lives. <br /> <br /> Gideon Naudet decides to leave the fire station and head for the impact area. Once there, it captures the impact of the second plane, United Airlines Flight 175, with 2 World Trade. He knows that Jules is with the chief Pfeiffer inside the towers. Watching and capturing the reaction of the unimaginable crowd, Gideon begins to capture the growing fear in Lower Manhattan on tape. Inside tower one, Jules records the last vision of the world, or his loved ones will have their children, fathers, uncles, grandparents, husbands, boyfriends, friends as one by one, each fireman, carrying 60 pounds of equipment begins the long arduous climb up to 80 stories to save the wounded and trapped. Jules also catches the last look that Pfeiffer will have of his brother, Kevin, as he walks away to do his disinterested duty. Also hit on video is the guttural sound of the corpses hitting the pavement by victims who choose to jump from the upper floors above the impact zones, before facing death at the hands of flames and smoke. But Jules is respectful, never once captures a sensationalist moment ... money shot. His work is professional through his baptism of fire. It also affects the sight of debris falling from tower two after it was hit by the second plane and the orderly way in which the firefighters evacuated the civilians from the building. Then Jules is captured in the collapse of the south tower and the first official victim is taken: Father Michael Judd, the chaplain of the fire brigade. Then, as Jules and Chief Pfeiffer make their way from the fallout of the collapse of tower two, tower one begins its structural collapse. <br /> <br /> The results are a breathtaking and moving vision within Ground Zero while Jules and Gideon work separately to document that day. Not knowing if both are alive, each fearing the worst. As each firefighter arrives at the fire station, they greet each other with joyful hugs for turning him back. And in a moment of overwhelming emotion, Jules and Gideon get together. While Jules cries on his brother's shoulder, Gideon embraces his younger brother while Hanlon makes the subject to the directors. There is a moment of fear when Tony Benetakos, who left the station with an ex-leader, is believed to have been lost ... but returns to the fold, this "Probie" has proved itself. <br /> <br /> with only three interruptions, September 11th is an extraordinary achievement in documentary cinema. It is placed there with the square footage of Hindenburg in showing the story as it unfolds. The Naudets must be praised for their clever manipulation of the subject. In lower hands, the tendency would be to the sensational, but the Naudets temper their eye towards dignity and compassion. Narrated by Hanlon, we get the feeling of his words as he accompanies the public through the events of September 11th. Robert De Niro hosts the program in a sober and sober way. He never seeks the camera for his own glory, rather he draws the scenes he is about to see. I also recommend CBS for their courage in passing on this special. Scolded for their attempt to grasp assessments, they temper their assembly to the emotions of the relatives of those who died. This is a must for anyone who needs to be reminded of true heroism. It is not a question of dribbling a basketball or selling an album of hate lyrics ... 9/11 is about humanity at its best. Heroism at its best and the cost of freedom. <br /> <br />
