My roommate had bought this documentary and invited me to watch it with her. She comes from China and only heard so much about 9/11 and wanted to know the cold and hard truth and wanted me to tell her more after the documentary. I felt horrible watching this documentary, it was like reliving the nightmare and still brings tears to my eyes. <br /> <br /> But I am extremely grateful to have seen this documentary, because on September 11th, I'm sure we all remember where we were and what we were doing when we listened, we could all just think about certain questions: "Why?", "How?", "What's going on?", "Oh, my God!" Almost all Americans were grateful for the brave firefighters and policemen who risked their lives to save others. But I don't think we thought about what they were really doing. In reality it was not a documentary about 9/11, the cameraman was filming a typical work day and they were a couple of blocks from the World Trade Center and they got everything in and out of tape. <br /> <br /> On September 11th, I thought to myself: "Okay, the cops and the firemen will bring out the people who survived". To be honest, I thought it was an accident, I was in my first year of high school and I moved from the gym and I was getting ready to go to my science class. Someone came into the locker room shouting "Some buildings have just been bombed in New York!", We all dressed quickly and ran into our classrooms while we watched the first tower burning on TV. Not just 15 seconds later, on live TV, the second plane crashes into the other World Trade Center and we knew it was no accident. A few minutes later, we heard about the Pentagon and that there was a plane going to Chicago, but it was shot down. So many thoughts went through our heads and I kept thinking "What will the firefighters and policemen do?" But it's a procedure for them, I thought, they'll know what to do. <br /> <br /> The first tower collapsed, we knew it, so many lives have disappeared, the second tower has crashed, things would never have been the same. Those firefighters in this documentary showed courage, confusion and strength, real human emotions. They didn't know what to do, they were just as scarred as those that were in the towers. They heard the bodies fall to the ground from people jumping out of the windows. And here I was in a classroom that was crying seeing everything that was happening on TV. I was amazed by this film and just wanted to go to New York and tell them how grateful all the Americans were for their help. I know they feel like they're just doing their job, but they did more, they were heroes. Every day after September 11th for 3 weeks they continued digging knowing that there were no survivors, but they kept hoping and praying. May God bless their kind and courageous hearts. <br /> <br /> As for my roommate she was crying and admitted that it was the first time she cried for these attacks. He got to see the truth about what had happened on that tragic day. He asked "Why?" I didn't know what to say, it breaks my heart that people can be so evil. "It looks like a clique, but it was a normal day for everyone," said one of the firefighters in the documentary. No one expected this to happen. Not so, those people in the World Trade Center or the Pentagon or the planes that were hijacked, were simply doing their job, they were there, or even just there for a second pass. They weren't just murdered, they were massacred and those hijackers did it with a song in their heart. So seeing all the people in the Middle East celebrating, why do people do this? They celebrated the death and loss of: mothers, fathers, sisters, brothers, friends, grandparents, uncles, cousins, etc. Why? <br /> <br /> So, thanks to those people for making this documentary. You really think about the firemen, the cops and the troops in Iraq and keep your hope that there are good people in this world. Thanks to all those people, you are our heroes. <br /> <br /> 10/10
