Super-shiny entertainment with a stellar cast, an exceptional script and a firm grip in the next 50s. At the time, RKO was turning dozens of classic noir. But whatever the value of those shady downers, they soon reflected a mood of war to kick off the sunniest climates of the Eisenhower era. Few films from the late 1940s are farther away from that noir cycle or more in tune with the decade of consumers than with this little comedy. <br /> <br /> Jim Blandings (Cary Grant) works as a publicist on Madison Ave. where in the words of his little daughter ... he sells things to people they don't need, at prices they can't afford. He is making good money, but like thousands of others, he is tired of living in a cramped urban "cave". So, with his wife Myrnah Loy, they hit their dream home in the campaigns of the Connecticutt campaign. Needless to say, in the arms of nature, they get more than they have bargained and hilariously. <br /> <br /> There is almost no lifeless line in the entire script. I don't know if the writers Panama and Frank got an Oscar, but they should have. Of course, humor revolves around all the problems that occur when city people build a large house in the countryside. The annoyances accumulate almost at the same speed as the mortgage, with all the eccentric types who manage the show and grant Grant a difficult time. Of course, nobody brings more bother or frustration than Grant, so it's just a well-placed laugh after another, especially when the closed closet seems to have a hell of a mind. And yet, strangely, the film does not seem to have a comic climax. Instead the laughter is so expertly spaced that it does not reach the peak at any particular point. It is a true triumph of cinema for any age. <br /> <br /> Going back 60 years later, we can see how the screenplay ideas look forward rather than backwards. With their live maid, the Blandings may not be a typical American family, but that post-war migration from cramped cities to large suburbs was typical. And what more tempting work for Blandings' next consumerism as an "ad-man" charged with finding better ways to sell more "ham". More than anything else, however, there is the solar optimism of the film. Oh, of course, the feeling sometimes falters, yet the belief that a better future is on the horizon if the Blandings just follow their dream takes them on. In fact, life would have improved for many people during the next wave, so I expect the film to resonate deeply with the audience of the day. It is this easily overcrowded subtext, together with the pure entertainment value, which makes this film a key post-war comic statement. <br /> <br /> So, if you haven't seen it, take it next time
