In conjunction with the beginning of the baby boom, the years after the Second World War saw an unprecedented exodus of Americans moving from their city apartments to the suburbs where they can fulfill their dreams of owning their homes. Directed by H.C. Potter and co-written by Norman Panama and Melvin Frank ("White Christmas"), this screwball comedy from 1948, light but surprisingly observant, captures the feeling of that period very well. Of course, does it help to have a trio of farce experts ?? Cary Grant, Myrna Loy and Melvyn Douglas particularly immature ?? direct the proceedings with their natural sympathy in contrast to the growing frustrations of home ownership. Although the film is sixty years old, there is a timeless quality to Blandings' dream and the barriers they face to reach it. Obviously, Hollywood has been thinking so since it was redone at least twice - first as a very physical comedy by Tom Hanks, "The Money Pit" from 1986, and again last year with "Are We Done Yet?" Of Ice Cube. A look at the HGTV programming program will show you how the situations explored here still resonate today. <br /> <br /> The plot begins with the advertiser Jim Blandings, his wife Muriel and their two narrow daughters in a two-bedroom bathroom Apartment in Manhattan Instead of pursuing Muriel's idea of ​​renovating the apartment for $ 7,000, Jim sees a photo of a Connecticut home in a magazine and realizes it's where they need to move. With the help of an opportunistic real estate agent and against the advice of their lawyer and family friend, Bill Cole, the Blandings decide to buy a dilapidated house that needs repair. However, the base falls so badly that the house must be demolished in favor of a new one. This pushes the Blandings to push the architect to design a house so excessive that the second floor is twice as large as the first. Costs increase with each new complication, the gleams of temperament and even a romantic triangle is imagined between, Jim, Muriel and Bill. The priorities are finally resolved, but not before some funny scenes of slapstick and intelligent dialogues that modify the not so blissful ignorance of the new owners. <br /> <br /> With his double shootings and the perfect delivery of the line, Grant is infallible in this type of farce, and Jim Blandings embodies his more tamed mid-career characters. In a role originally designed for Irene Dunne, Myrna Loy shows why she was the perfect Hollywood wife. He doesn't get many of the funniest lines, but combines his special blend of voluptuousness and ease to make Muriel an attractive character on his own. Watch her cleverly maneuvering the overly pleasant house painter with her absurdly idiosyncratic color palette. Like Bill, who smokes a pipe ("Cole ?? Bill Cole"), Melvyn Douglas shows his natural and uninhibited momentum like Grant's brand. The smaller roles are skillfully filled with the particularly memorable shifts of Harry Shannon as laconic treasure hunter, Mr. Tesandro, Lurene Tuttle in Jim's assistant assistant, Mary, and Louise Beavers in the adorable Blandings Gussie maid. The 2004 DVD features some intriguing vintage materials including two radio versions of the film - the first version of 1949 that ended up combining Grant and Dunne and then a second version from 1950 that matched Grant with his then wife, actress Betsy Drake. Also included is a 1949 cartoon, "The House of Tomorrow", which offers us a comical tour of a futuristic dream home. The original trailers for ten of Grant's classic films complete the extras.
