Keko Mask (1993) by Tomo Akiyama is an extremely fun trash film and so fun to watch! There are also some sequels, but I haven't seen them since these films are very rare. Some kind of releases one day would be nice since I think that many junkies would like these films. The ironic story concerns an extremely strict school where teachers think it is right to torture students to reach the discipline, which is, according to the teachers, the most important thing in education. The school is driven by an incredibly funny look (look at the costume!) Human wizard / anything, who is as a principal in the school, and only adds to the campiness that is never explained because he wears such a costume since all the other teachers they are perfectly dressed normally. Well, the main thing about the film is its name, Keko Mask, which is a beautiful and masked fairy, who always comes to save the girls and students who are abused and tortured by the teachers! Yes, this super heroine is an effective woman while playing and fighting bad masters with a totally disgusting soundtrack that plays in the background. The most important thing is, of course, that she brings nothing but a cloak and a mask with the rest of her naked body! His identity was never revealed in these films, and the credits also say "Keko Mask: Unknown" while the names of the actors are listed! <br /> <br /> The funniest thing about this movie is how Keko Mask kills its enemies. She has a beautiful, but deadly vagina! Yes, you read that right. It kills its victims by flying through the air in front of them, spreading its legs and letting its enemies become enchanted by the sight, after which it flies closer and tightens its neck with its legs! The last most common line that the characters say in this film is "I have never seen such a beautiful vagina" and "Now I can die in peace". This movie is absolutely fantastic !! <br /> <br /> There are also some big jokes about Japanese society, for example his attitude towards sex in movies (Japanese censorship dulls the fog / confuses all pubic hair in each film) and even some restrictions between school students (such as girls and boys are not allowed to speak in this film, etc.). There is a great scene where a nerd sees the naked girl, you know what, for the first time, and he says "Hey there is no fog in it! " I couldn't help but laugh during this scene while thinking about what the Japanese censors thought. In addition, a character finally says that he will come back, if Japan Films allows the sequel to take place. I'm glad it's allowed because I've heard that the sequels are equally outrageous. A sequel should include Blues Brothers (yes, THOSE Blues Brothers!) In it etc. <br /> <br /> This is garbage in its most fun, fun and even smarter way and so it's a little shameful that these films are so hard to find. This would surely be an even bigger experience, if at times it was a little faster to move gradually it becomes boring, but fortunately those segments are very few. This film must be seen to be fully believed as there are so many elements of the garbage that I do not mention here and it would not even be necessary to tell everyone here. If you like junk movies and language films in a very heartfelt way, I think you'll love this little gem like I do, and the director is definitely a genius in this field! 8/10 Perhaps the only film in which a bright vagina is so deadly?
