I borrowed this film despite its extremely low rating, because I wanted to see how the crew manages to animate the presence of multiple worlds. In fact, they didn't, at least it seems so. Some cameo appearances cut rather awkwardly in the film - that's it, this is what most viewers think. However, the surprise comes to an end and, unfortunately, when most of the spectators have probably already stopped this movie. I was also amazed when I saw that the Brazilian-Portuguese title of this film means "Voyage into Death". This is the spoiler. <br /> <br /> That this film is about a girl who ONLY goes to this boat (for reasons that are completely unclear), you only understand in the last 5 minutes. When you start the film with the English title "Haunted Boat" in your head, you think clearly that the cameo appearances of strange figures are the "ghosts". But in reality, this film is not like most of the other horror films told from the distant point of view of the writer-observer, who can almost always distinguish between different levels of reality, it is told from the point of view of the girl. We see her not alone, but together with the four friends because she sees them. We don't see that she is alone. So the parallel worlds are not cameo appearances that flicker in the flow of images, but the main story! We have at least two parallel worlds: the world in which the girl is and the world in which the 4 friends are. A third-world intrusion is probably the young man with the medical skills who comes to the boat for a short time. <br /> <br /> I can't get rid of the deep conviction that with this film, the filmmakers "deceived" an audience of several thousand people by making them believe that what they did is more or less a sophomore developed with hastily "chosen" pseudo-actors who met only the night before filming began in a landfill after at least twelve beers. How wrong you can be! But besides this great surprise that can only be learned in the last few minutes, the end that follows gives another surprise. The girl is saved by a crew in a helicopter and on another boat. When she recovered from the shock, she visited the place again at the port where she took the boat with her four friends. And here they are again! They greet her from the boat that has already set sail. Jump into the water, get to the boat and I'm away. Miraculously beautiful. It reminds me a little of the end of a poem by a writer from Rhetoromance: when I woke up, I saw Death standing on my bed. But I closed my eyes. When I opened them again, it was gone.
