The strange British glam rock band, Strange Fruit, at the same time strictly on the second floor, stops at the end of the 70s, extravagant and extravagant. The individual members of the band go their own way and become uncomfortably suspicious in the mediocre middle age in the boring and uneventful 90s: the dark keyboardist Stephen Rea ends up with no money and with his fortune, vain, neurotic, pretentious singer Bill Nighy seeks (and fails) by Pursuing an overwhelming solo career, paranoid drummer Timothy Spall resides in the darkness on a remote farm, so he can avoid paying a heavy debt for back taxes, and shrewd bassist Jimmy Nail installs roofs to live . The former loving groupie turned into a patient, understanding and long-lived manager. Juliet Aubrey brings the group together for a nostalgic, ineffective and hilarious round of reconciliations, twenty years later in Europe. Our lovingly frayed group seriously tries, but fiddles to rekindle a flame that once burned quite intensely throughout the day. The legendary roadie Billy Connelly and the young impertinent guitarist Hans Matheson stand side by side for the pleasantly rugged journey, plagued by difficulties, but nevertheless rewarding and fun. <br /> <br /> The director Brian Gibson shows a tremendously contagious respect and adoration for both his most amiable and immovable and noisy, ringing, exaggeratedly exaggerated characters that flaunt the rock of the 70s in general, this impregnation of this little affectionate friend with an absolutely engaging sense of charm with a big heart and tireless verve. Even the astute and acutely written screenplay by Dick Clement and Ian La Frenais is fraught with punctual humor and moments of joyful madness on the street, captured by a vibration that shakes in a bittersweet and frequently vibrant way that gives the painting itself an irresistibly luminescent glow. Ashley Rowe's beautiful and elegant cinematography ensures that the film always looks visually sumptuous while the perfectly catchy and catchy music does the trick with the right rockin 'style and its aplomb. Congratulations also for the extraordinary performances of the whole line that vividly frame the burned soul and the torn heart, but still fiercely beaten of a past that was his radiant rock dress desperately seeking to recapture his evanescent glory in a last attempt for very successful success. All in all, this radiant and touching gem is much appreciated as one of the true seriocomic treatments of the 1990s.
