This series could very well be the best British ever, and this is very important, considering the competitors (Fawlty Towers, Good Neighbors, just to name two). <br /> <br /> What has made Farfalle so superior, even for the best of the best, is that it not only exemplifies the great, classic, classy and intelligent comedy, but it has also broadened the horizons, reflecting - so impeccably, delicately and in every detail - the great social change that was happening in Britain at the time. <br /> <br /> I remember watching this show as a teenager and being admired by everything about him. The lifestyle represented was in itself remarkable. It was the first time I saw real people using cordless phones. And the wardrobe of all the characters was very far from the clumsy clothing of the seventies that was still seen in North America at the time. Then there were the decorations, the shop windows, the machines. These people - even their lay children, with their philosophical approach to life and epigramatic humor - were sophisticated. They were examples of the "New Europeans" that would have had an impact on life and style all over the world in the next decade (1980s). <br /> <br /> Of course, the premise was strange and fantastic. The idea that someone who was living the suburban dream could be so unhappy and restless was revolutionary, particularly for North Americans for whom happiness was always defined as money and things (of course the situation was represented in American movies and TV, but not with the intensity of butterflies or the film Montenegro). And, if the premise was not surprising enough, the means by which it was expressed took it to the extreme. A potential business that didn't really relate to sex or even romance? Butterflies have dazzled many, but must have let some people slam their foreheads in disbelief ... at the moment anyway. <br /> <br /> Butterflies have proved - in many ways - prophetic. He has documented, in advance of the times, the post-modern era, the all-pervasive lifestyle, the notion of emotional infidelity and the generational disconnection and male discontent (portrayed perfectly by the tense father-son relations). Too bad that this series has not been rediscovered in style, and all those involved have given credit for creating a significant snapshot of a certain time and place, and foreseeing all the fluidity and anguish that was about to happen.
