It might be a bit wrong to open a review describing a film in terms of other films, but I think it's the best way to give an approximation of the place that Election occupies in the arena of the gangster genre. It works somewhere between The Godfather and the work of Yakuza by Kinji Fukasaku The Cards Yakuza (AKA Battles Without Honor and Humanity), as it is both romanticized and realistic, dark and gritty. But it is also a Johnnie To film, and as such it bears the distinctive touch of the Hong Kong author. <br /> <br /> Every two years the Hong Kong triad elects a new leader. Only this time one of the candidates is not too happy with the result, so he decides to take matters into his own hands to the dismay of the rest of the Triad and the police. This is the story in a nutshell, but I assure you that it has much more to do for it. As in The Yakuza Papers, there is a great deal of intrigue, backstabbing, training and changing alliances (sometimes just a phone call - in one of the most memorable scenes I've seen lately) that might not necessarily create a deep drama, but it creates an interesting plot and a good conflict between the characters. Fans of the gangster genre will probably appreciate it in this respect. The election is not action-oriented as might be expected; even if it is violent. And I'm not talking about the lucid and glamorous version of Hollywood violence. This is dark and sad. To's camera lingers in scenes of brutalized people in ways that reveal both humanity and the inhumanity of perpetrators and victims; after all, violence is an integral part of us, whether we like it or not. <br /> <br /> If you are familiar with To's style, you should know what to expect. The pace is relatively slow and deliberate. The cinematography is fantastic, smooth and dark in equal measure, using dark shades (brown, dark green and orange) while the soft tracking strokes add a vibrant quality. In the end, the election occupies a special place. It's not exactly a character study and it's not an action-oriented gangster movie. He explores a situation (the election and its consequences), but does so with style and is both realistic and romantic (the ceremonies of the Triad, in particular the echo of an Oriental Godfather).
