There is no denying that Hak Se Wui (Election in English) is a well made and well thought film. Does the film use many clever pieces of identification all the time playing with modernity but following tradition? a theme interpreted throughout the film Where John Woo's Hong Kong films are full of action and exaggerated in their explosive content as seen in Hard Boiled (1992) and when Hong Kong films fit into the rhythms of telling the story from 'bad' point of view, sometimes they can stutter and become simply not memorable, a good example is City on Fire (1987). <br /> <br /> The election is a film that is memorable for the sheer nature of its unpredictable scenes, spontaneous action and violence that are performed in a realistic and tasteful way (if that's the right word) as well as the small and clever "in pieces" of filmmaking. It is difficult to identify during the vision, but the election is really built in a sort of three-act structure: is there the first point of concern regarding the actual election and who is voted is voted? not everyone likes the decision, but what the Uncles say, goes. The second act is the recovery of the ancient wand from China that the demands of tradition must be present during the inauguration with the third final in the aftermath of the inauguration and some characters that devise their ideas on how the Triads should and could be managed. Needless to say; certain events and twists occur during each of the three thirds, some are small and immaterial while others are much larger and more spectacular. <br /> <br /> The elections have some flaws with the majority arriving in the third opening. Trying to erase the time surrounding an election that takes only a few minutes is clearly a difficult task for writers and filmmakers, and this manifests itself in numerous points. I had the feeling that a certain scene was just starting to go somewhere before it was interrupted by the police and then everyone was arrested. It happens a couple of times: a fight breaks out in a restaurant but the police are there and everyone is arrested; there is a secret meeting on the witness between the triads, but the police show up and everyone is arrested; some other triads are making a pre-election speech but the police show up and guess what? You know. <br /> <br /> Once the movie comes out of the groove I thought it would be, use a sacred stick as a plot tool to get everyone moving. Does the witness generate some combat scenes like the chasing of a truck after it has been wired, another chase involving a motorcycle and a kung-fu fight with a load of melee weapons on a street ?? the scenes are unpredictable, realistic and violent but, as I said, they are in a "tasteful" way. Where elections really rears its attention to those precise details. When the triads are in prison, the bars are covered with wires that suggest that they are all caged animals since this is how they behave outside when they are in conflict. Another nice piece of attention to detail is the way Uncle toasts using tea and not alcohol, rising above other gangsters who use champagne (The Long Good Friday) and also referring to the Chinese tradition of drinking tea to celebrate or commemorate. br /> <br /> The election is a good movie that is structured well enough to enjoy and a film that has a fantastic staging as you watch what is happening. Some of the interior settings and the clothes, as well as the style buckets that are poured while the search and the search for the witness intensify. The inauguration is like another short film entirely and very well integrated into the film; suggesting the Chinese tradition in the process. I feel that the best scene is the final scene as it sums up perfectly: two elusive characters who fish and discuss the Triad's sentence for as long as they remain realistic, unpredictable and violent: in a refined way, of course.
