Twelve years ago, production stopped on the action movie "Hot Blooded" as almost everyone on the set started dying. Now, a couple of film students have decided to finish the film, although there is a rumor that the film is cursed. Well, they are going to find out that some curses are real. <br /> <br /> When Scream was released, every country seemed to want to cash in on the success, even Australia. The concept, which today was done to death (a slasher film in a slasher film) was at the time relatively beautiful and original. This film was released shortly before Urban Legends: Final Cut and Scream 3 (not in the US but in Australia), so it looked like the first film with this concept. When Urban Legends 2 came out, most of us had already prostrated ourselves for the concept and since the film wasn't even good, the film fell disastrously. Now, Cut is not the best slasher film of all time, nor does it try to be. He knows it's a rip-off and they also launch a girl who looks like a blonde version of Neve Campbell in the lead role. But instead of trying to add some new and original twists to the story, they decided to snatch some 80s slasher movies like "Nightmare on Elm Street" and, surprisingly, this really works. The killer is very scary and that mask is just killer! And instead of trying to scare the public to death, they created a very beautiful and disturbing atmosphere that keeps us in suspense for most of the film. There are a couple of holes in the film that I haven't been able to completely ignore, the end being the biggest hole in the movie. Forward spoiler; I mean, they burned the only copy of the movie, so where the hell did they find the print they show in the final scene? It doesn't make sense to tell you. End of spoilers All in all, Cut is a rather creepy action movie with a silly story, but I think this is one of Scream's best cheats that has never grown so big. I'm surprised this never had a sequel, but I guess it came out too late. <br /> <br /> An Australian slasher full of suspense with very few scares. Cut is still a good slasher film and I will have to recommend it even though I consider the story silly enough since it's completely ridiculous.
