When I think of the happiest guilty pleasure films, the first thing I think of are the films of the 80s. Really ugly slasher flicks. The formidable type of the film, in which all the necessary script was composed of 2 parts of blood and different parts of nudity to be realized. <br /> <br /> Flash forward towards the end of the 1990s / early 1900s. The slasher film was revitalized with the success of "Scream" in 1996. As in the 1980s, these films were formal, masking a lack of inspiration by labeling themselves as "hip-tongue-in-cheek parodies" of the original films. Of this recent mix of "hip parody" neo-slasher films, the only one to see is the low-budget "Cut", directed at the video. <br /> <br /> Like most of the other "new" Slash Flicks, "Cut" is based on the production of a slasher film, in this case a fictional movie from 1985 "Hot Blooded", to make his comment on the genre. "Hot Blooded" has never finished production, due to the murders of someone wearing the mask of the killer of the film, Scarman, a bald figure with closed and dark eyes, the pupil sewn to the mouth. Now, 12 years later, a group of film students, whose professor was involved in the production, decided to go to the vaults, touch the original surviving actress and finish the film. But every time the film is projected or a scene is shot, "Scarman" returns and someone dies. To quote the tagline, will they finish the film before it ends? <br /> <br /> This all sounds really bad, and to a certain extent it is (really, is there such a thing as a good slasher movie?). There is no development of the character (the "new" director turns out to be the daughter of the original director of "Hot Blooded", whose life was apparently ruined after the cancellation of the production: it would have been a perfect detail for which to work the plot , but it is never mentioned again) and, as in all other slasher films, there are too many bodies to worry about. Actors are not exceptional, even for direct video standards, but most are having fun with their characters (and for those who are not, it's the involuntary recitation of the characters, since none of their characters in the movie wanted to work on "Hot Blooded"), especially anyone who was lucky enough to play Scarman. The culmination of "Cut" has no great unmasking of the killer as in the "Scream" movies. It does not have the deceptive killings of the "Urban Legend" films. What it has is an original and interesting concept that is diluted by a "so we can write a sequel if it sells well". But this is the point of the course. <br /> <br /> According to every reasonable standard of vision, this is a horrible film that should be avoided, but this "quality" is what makes it true to its roots in the slasher genre, and this is what makes it more enjoyable than all the other Neo-Slasher movies.
