for a slasher movie, this movie is actually better than most in the genre. Yes, it is predictable: the resident skeleton work continues to kill fools, people die, yada yada yada. However, there are some positive aspects to this film. First of all, I liked very much the mask that the work of the wore.it die is decidedly gruesome to say the least and perhaps unique (even if I have never watched every single slasher film ever made), the genesis of the bad due is something that I haven't seen it before, and the way it finally meets its end is a new concept, as far as I know. I also really liked Mr. sicko's weapon for most of the murders. The murders themselves are not as graphic as most of the genre, but this is a small concern. The film is not taken seriously, which is something that most woodcutters suffer. Unfortunately, while watching the film, I remembered the first "Friday 13 films, which were made by themselves Seriously, there are some concerns about this film. In several scenes, the killer suddenly bears similarity to one of our horror icons "By this, I mean his movements and his reactions after being hit, and also the way he walked. Of greatest concern, however, is a scene very close to the end, where the madman brings another of a surprising resemblance (actually a complete rip-off) of another famous titan horror.And in the last few scenes, we have our shitty bag, again, exactly like the first horror icon I mentioned. In fact, the last scene is almost complete copy from another icon in the slasher genre.These scenes were weak and unoriginal (of course). By the way, the film is set in Australia, so if you're sucking for a chick with an australian accent or (like me) you'll be in heaven. If you don't do it, of what could be grateful to you. Another great thing about this movie: the beautiful Kylie Minogoue (don't get too attached to her) there is a non-Australian accent, courtesy of Molly Ringwald.overall, there are other reasons to look I didn't like and I amused. so, I have to give "Cut" 8/10, which might seem too high for some people.
