As with all Angelopoulos films, "The Suspended Step of the Stork" implicitly requires an intimate and intimate participation by the viewer, a fact that has certainly contributed to the poor popularity of his work. The dialogues are reserved, without monologues or exchanges externalizing conflicts, doubts or inner feelings of the characters. The director prefers to keep viewers away from their emotional reactions, and instead forces them to explore and study the identities of the characters for themselves. Consequently, the acting is subdued and implicit, as opposed to explicit and explicit. <br /> <br /> The action scenes are set between long intervals of contemplation, in which the spectator is invited to become a participant, to participate as an actor, probing his own psyche. As in a novel, in which the drama is based entirely on the author's writing to provide a model in which the reader's imagination and / or past experience flourish, Angelopoulos' drama rests in his images: his uses of long shots, long shots, pleasant rhythm, moderate dialogues that have become his trademark, inviting the viewer to experience the film from his personal point of view. Angelopoulos uses silence to capture moments of high intensity, returning to the non-verbal language of gestures, looks, sounds and music, when he believes that words can only take us so far. <br /> <br /> Music, by Angelopoulos' longtime collaborator, Eleni Karaindrou, provides more than just a discreet background, but it itself becomes a dramatic element of history. Much of the film consists of external shots in soft, subdued colors, recorded in a gray winter light. Angelopoulos presents us with "another Greece", very different from the Greece of tourist brochures, with ethereal blue skies and emerald seas, drowned under an eternal sun. Here the skies are covered and gray, the air is cold and foggy, and the sands of the pristine beaches have been replaced by the trampled and dirty snow of the village streets. The genius of Angelopoulos through Arvanitis' camera is on display throughout the film. <br /> <br /> "The Suspended Step of the Stork" is above all a political declaration addressed to the socio-political situation of the Balkans at the end of the 20th century. He is deeply concerned about the meaning of "borders" and those who are victims of confusion among nations. In the "waiting room" facing the Albanian border, refugees, politicians or others, marginalized by the rest of humanity, wait. They can be blocked against a political border, but unfortunately they continue to carry with them, and cling to deeper ancestral borders: those of languages, customs and races. Although the political ideas of Angelopoulos are well known, the film moves away from any political discourse concerning the causes of refugee conflicts. In the process, Angelopoulos forces us to meditate on the concepts of geographical, cultural, political and personal "boundaries". <br /> <br /> Angelopoulos considers himself a historian of twentieth-century Greece and likes to take the lessons of Hellenic myths in his discussions. In this film, he makes a bit of a border between the Greek and Italian cultures, drawing on a Homeric and Dantesque tradition of Ulysses' journey. Alexander is a Telemachus, looking for a story about an elderly Greek politician / Odysseus who disappeared, never to be heard again. This politician, brilliant speaker, unexpectedly and inexplicably left the comfort of his bourgeois existence, his wife and his brilliant career, to live anonymously in a refugee camp with the lowest of the low. He became a poet in exile wondering how to change the world. Of course, the "politician" is not Alessandro's father, but the "politician" stands before Alessandro as a paternal figure / Odysseus. As in the case of Telemachus of Homer, Alexander grows as a person during his odyssey. Of course, it would be wrong to try to see in the film a revisitation of Homer's odyssey in a contemporary context. Angelopoulos is based on Odysseus's travels only as structuring and thematic elements for his film. In the finale of Angelopoulos, "Odysseus" looks more like Dante's Odysseus: he doesn't leave for Ithaca but continues "carrying a suitcase". And Alessandro / Telemaco is "suspended" between returning to his home and his career, or embarking on a journey to "elsewhere". He says so much, in an off-screen voice at the beginning of the film, to paraphrase a few lines from Dante's Inferno: "And don't forget that time has come for a journey again, the wind blows your eyes away." /> <br /> Finally, although Angelopoulos is not a religious person, there is a Greek Orthodox religious theme introduced during the film in the form of yellow linemen, who go around improving things for their fellows reconnecting the communications, and also the Christ-like figure of the "politician". In the final scene, these men in yellow once again demonstrate the influence of Byzantine iconography in the work of Angelopoulos. They appear as "stylists", religious figures who find themselves in the Orthodox tradition, solitary and fervent men who have taken their abode on the tops of the pillars, in a form of asceticism. <br /> <br /> The film ends without a resolution as to the true identity of the character played by Mastroianni. Angelopoulos gives us no clue, and his wife's statement, "It's not him", is far from convincing and left rather ambiguous. The important question of the film is not whether it is or is not the missing politician, but that it could be the politician. But the film still ends on an optimistic note. While the cables from one pole to another run only along the river, and therefore communications across the border are not yet possible, and remain impenetrable, we note that this final scene is taken from a point of view across the river: the camera has has crossed the border, and the reverse hit is inviting Alexander and the spectator to follow across the border. For this reason, Angelopoulos makes us hope that somehow, some of the borders will end up collapsing.
