Towards the end of the forties the era of the comedy of the broom was over, as the films moved in a different direction, comically and otherwise. With television looming on the horizon, Hollywood would soon be in a very difficult time. Where, one wonders, would the films have gone if the television had not arrived or its arrival on the scene had been delayed for five or ten years? Mr. Blandings Builds His Dream House offers a special way in which comedy may have developed. <br /> <br /> The businessman Jim Blandings, together with his wife and two daughters, lives in a nice but too cramped apartment in New York, as one day he has the brilliant idea that it could be fun to make the his dream of building a house in the suburbs. So he buys some real estate in Connecticut and has one built according to his precise specifications. Well almost. If he had known the problem he was in, he could have changed his mind. Then again it may not have. You decide. On this fragile premise a wonderful film is born, full of conflicts between the dream of the middle class to own their own home and the often unpleasant reality of buying one. Nothing is easy in this life, as Mr. Blandings learns; but it is not necessary to be unhappy just because things do not always go in one's direction. After all, there is a long run. But, you ask Blandings every few minutes, how long is it? <br /> <br /> This film is a delight. It is not, I suppose, a masterpiece in the tradition of Capra-McCarey, but it is a worthy successor to their paintings of the 1930s, and it may well have been an omen of things to come if the arrival of television had not changed the cultural landscape in so radical. There is a real warmth in the photo, and a good dose of angular reality (W.C.) Fieldsian that intrudes periodically, but not so much as to leave a bad taste. The people in the film are all very intelligent and well-off, but definitely of a medium-professional level, not the rich and lazy upper class. <br /> <br /> The protagonists Cary Grant and Myrna Loy interpret perfectly Mr. and Mrs. Blandings; while Melvyn Douglas is fine as their pragmatic lawyer friend, who often has to raise unpleasant arguments, such as how the real world works. There is also a wonderful sense of what, for lack of a better term, we could call the romanticism of the suburbs, which was in its infancy in the years immediately after the war, as we see the woods and streams that attracted people into country in the first place. These people are surely fished out of the water in Connecticut, then still mostly rural. In a few years things would have changed, since the mad rush to the suburbs would have gone very well, forever destroying the pastoral innocence that so many had desired in small towns, which would soon be connected by highways, strewn with bottles and cans, the their effluvia rivals anything you can find in the city.
