One of the most pleasing aspects of Asian cinema (or, indeed, most of what is done outside these holier states than you) are the permutations that emerge. After World War II, Japanese manga (comics), for example, found a true infinite variety of subjects, many of which were treated in a uniquely imaginative way. The same thing also happens in genre cinema; although, again, I'm referring to films made outside the United States. (where we are too "sophisticated" in our narrow-mindedness to appreciate anything that is not about or from the United States). An American company, for example, would not be one of these, if not a series of films with a professional masked wrestler (El Santo) or a werewolf (Paul Naschy) or a true martial artist (Bruce Lee) ...? As for the television: forget it. While I still love the KUNG FU series recited in the late David Carradine, I always thought that the Americanized version of Asian martial arts was - how to say, a little lacking. To date, there has not been a pay-per-view channel to include Asian martial artists playing Asian martial artists in Asia. (There are a lot of soft-masquerading porn like entertainment shows, but the so-called Action Channel, for example, hasn't imported or produced any real martial arts teleseries.) Before Brother Cadfile investigates the BBC murders, there was, of all things, at least one Kung Fu film that saw a group of martial artists more or less involved in a mysterious murder: I 5 DEADLY VENOMS. As fascinating as any other genre-based whodunit (westerns, crime shows, etc.), this martial arts masterpiece stands out as a truly superior piece of work. It is now available from the Dragon Dynasty and the print is beautiful and the Bey Logan DVD commentary is EXACTLY the kind of intelligent and thoughtful analysis that these gems really deserve. If you are a fan of martial arts, rejoice: one of the greatest cinematographic genres of all time (in particular, the martial arts films of the 70s and early 80s) has a long-awaited second life (and much appreciated the second look) on DVD.
