A dying Kung Fu master sends out his last student to track down what happened to the previous five students who were members of the poisonous clan. He should see if they act forever and if he doesn't stop them. the master also wants the student to find another member of the clan who has fled with the clans that the master wants to use forever. The first students were taught a different style snake, a centipede, a scorpion, a lizard, a toad, while the last student was taught a little in every style. All the students end up in a city looking for the old man with all the money, and soon everyone is fighting to get the money. <br /> <br /> The classic martial arts film has the title that many non-fans also know. I talked to a couple of casual fans and this seems to be the only movie that sticks in their head. It's a very nice film, although I'm not really sure why this movie stays with people when there are other films for my money that are better from the Shaw studio (One Armed Swordmen or the Brave Archer series for example). This is not to sell the film in short, it is not so, since the film is structured as a mystery, our hero has no idea who anyone is and the Venom themselves know only the best who the other two are. We are given the identity of four, but we still have to figure out who is really the fifth. The film is also strange for a martial arts film, apart from a training sequence at the beginning and the killing of the old man and his family for money, there is really no action for about 40 or 45 minutes. It is a courageous move to do so, but it pays off because the plot and the performances attract your attention. (The film is also strange in that it is the first martial arts film that I think I have ever seen where there are no women. I don't think one has the role of a speaker and I'm pretty sure no one appears in the background. It's not indicative of nothing, it's just something that struck me.) This is a good little solid movie that might not live up to the reputation it has in some circles, but it's still a really good movie to curl up on the couch. <br /> <br /> About 7 out of 10.
