"In the world of kung fu movies from the old school, where images of revenge reached ten cents, it took a long time to bring out a movie - and even more to make it a favorite fan after all these years. The more film Beautiful by Chang Cheh continues to have an influence on the Hong Kong film industry, from the themes of loyalty, brotherhood and revenge as explored by John Woo (who started working in the Hong Kong film industry for Chang) during the period of gold of the heroic bloodshed during the late 1980s, to more modern films like A Man Called Hero, which sports a character in a costume inspired by this film. The influence has also led to other areas, from music as the Wu-Tang Clan, TV commercials for Sprite and video games like "Mortal Kombat." So what makes this film so special? The plot - on the surface - is pretty simple. They are members of a rogue group known as the "Clan Ve leno "who are looking for a treasure hidden by their sifu. All members of the lan have extraordinary kung fu skills, denoted by their animal styles, or "poisons" (the lizard can climb walls, the scorpion has a deadly attack, etc.). The turning point is that since the clan always wears masks, not everyone knows who the others are. Thus a simple plot becomes almost a suspense. We're not talking about The Usual Suspects here, but it's far above many other kung fu films of the time. Presumably, Golden Harvest was not too happy with Chang's script - like most of his films, they felt it was too dark and violent - and actually wanted him to add a broad comic relief to it. Fortunately, Chang remained attached to his guns and stayed with his original script, which has since been revered as one of the best for the films of his time, if not even completing a near-perfect dramatic arc and providing the perfect backbone for the extraordinary action sequences. <br /> <br /> But what really solidifies the film are the poisons themselves. Chang Cheh took a magic formula with the cast - he not only won talented martial artists (whose moves, competed without the help of wires or other special effects, put most modern martial artists to shame) but also great actors. The formula proved so popular that Chang usually had one or more of the poisons in his later films. Going back to the topics at hand, in most old school films, the actors seem to play cardboard cutouts, but the actors here create characters. It seems that everyone has a favorite poison (mine is Philip Kwok - the best known to many as Mad Dog by Hard-Boiled - as Lizard) and it is this personal connection with the characters that The Five Deadly Venoms generates that makes it a true classic such. Even if you're not normally a fan of old-school movies, you should check out The Five Deadly Venoms, if only to see where modern movies were inspired. "
