As for the hustle and bustle, respect and recognition that this film receives from Kung Fu historians, it is still clearly evident in a couple of critical areas: action and fight scenes. But I must say that the plot is probably the best and most original I've ever seen in a martial arts film. Five Deadly Venoms no doubt is a must see, not just that, a movie you can watch again and again; but I must also say that, after having seen it, you feel that it could have been even better. Somehow it lets you want something, you want more. Producer Chang Cheh defines the script beautifully for a potential master, but no longer gives us the action we want. The fighting styles of the film really capture the viewer (Centipede, Serpent, Scorpio, Lizard, Toad) and are shown, but the battles are notably short. The Toad and Snake styles are particularly intriguing and should have been shown much, much more, in fact the toad is killed in the middle of the film. Interestingly enough for this film, the absence of constant action or fighting leads to the development of a great plot, this is one of the few kung fu movies in which you are really interested in the plot and you worry about the result. This film has a dark and fierce tone and you are attracted to the atmosphere. Left-handed weapons and torture tactics are used throughout the film and add to the atmosphere of the film. To start the film and to present the producer of Clan Poison, Chang Cheh takes us to a dirty dungeon. The final fight scenes are certainly good but they seem muffled and somehow you expect more. However, this film is one of the best of Shaw Brothers and is quite funny. My overall impression of the film would end with this: The styles used by the fighters are simply shown to us and are not shown in detail, the sad thing is that the director had something extraordinary at his fingertips and did not expand on it . I wondered what could have been with this film, however one of the best though. 8 out of 10 on the scale.
