Of all the kung-fu movies made in the 70s and 80s this is one of those that developed a true following. With the exception of all the films in which Bruce Lee acted is a film that has stood the test of time and is due to the unique story. An old kung-fu master tells his latest pupil Yang Tieh (Sheng Chiang) about five pupils he has trained in the past. All five wore masks and nobody saw each other's faces and they were all trained differently. Their specialty in kung-fu is the name they adopted as Lizard, Snake, Centipede, Toad and Scorpion. The master called them Poisonous Clans and does not know what happened to them, so he wants Tieh to find them and help those who are doing well to stop others who are evil. An old man who was once a member of the Poison clan has a map where he hid a lot of money and appears to be a target. Tieh doesn't know how they are made, so he has to socialize and try to figure out who they are. Tieh discovered that the snake is Hung Wen Tung (Pai Wei) and together with Tang Sen Kue (Feng Lu) which is the centipede they kill a family to find the map. A map is found by a mysterious man who turns out to be the scorpion but knows that one knows who he is. A local policeman named Ho Yung Sin (Philip Kwok) investigates the murders along with his partner Ma Chow (Chien Sun). Sin has a friend named Li Ho (Meng Lo) who is the toad and who knows the identity of others. The Serpent corrupts local officials to stop the murders on Li Ho and while he is in prison he is tortured and killed. When Sin finds out that he allies with Tieh and they go to fight Tung and Kue together. <br /> <br /> This film was directed by Cheh Chang and was a very special director when it came to these films. Chang was not your guide to the director of the kung-fu and his films have always had a special quality for them. While most martial arts films deal with revenge, Chang does not use it as a central theme. Although there will be some revenge later in this story, this film is more complex than that. Five men trained by the same master in different ways and wearing masks. So they're all in the same area and they don't know who the other is. A truly unique story makes this film unlike any other and most of Changs' stories were in a class of their own. I wouldn't put it exactly in the same league as "Enter The Dragon" because Bruce Lee was a world icon and the martial arts he displayed were more authentic. This film still has some feats impossible like clinging to the sides of the walls and all the flipping through the air, but this film is not necessarily about fighting scenes. It's more about the intrigue of the story and the characters that are involved. Only this makes it different from all the other kung-fu films. Very well done with a unique story.
