This is definitely one of the best kung fu movies ever and it could be one of the best movies ever ... It has a fantastic plot that works like a puzzle, with a lot of intrigue and suspense. This film is full of games and tricks of cat and mouse, with people who hide their identity and their nature. The characters in this movie live and breathe much more than your average characters in the kung fu movie. They are all interesting and compelling and the film does a good job of giving them scenes to show their desires and their personalities. <br /> <br /> The fight scenes develop like little stories and many of them are very original and exciting. He has fantastic training sequences and martial arts skills that are so fantastic that they enter the realm of fantasy. There are 5 members of the poison clan each with their own style that mimics the special ability of a poisonous animal. The styles of each of these characters are fun to watch and you can see the techniques they use in the training applied during the movie ... When that happens, the director uses a quick cut to the training scene to draw a parallel. These cuts are accompanied by musical changes and sound effects and the whole thing works really well. <br /> <br /> One thing about this film that is very original is the way it deals with death. Director Chang Cheh was obviously very worried that the film would not trivialize death. This makes some of the movie scenes much more effective. We really care when people are killed in this movie. This is because the camera focuses on the horror of death even when the bad guys are killed. Some of the sequences in this film are truly heartbreaking. When the characters go in search of revenge, they really feel their anger and their pain. <br /> <br /> At the same time, this is also a fun movie. It has all the typical features you expect from a traditional kung fu movie. There is a bad dubbing, the characters are willing to fight in the blink of an eye. Some of the sound effects are hilarious and sometimes the characters' behavior is incredibly unrealistic ... all of which adds just the size of the movie. <br /> <br /> And let's not forget that this director was a much more gifted visual designer than most of his contemporaries. If you look closely at this film, you will notice that the technical ability on show is virtuous. Everything is going so fast (due to the fast cutting style and rapid camera movements like that) that it's easy to ignore how good the movie is. Lighting and composition are spectacular sometimes. The work and the movement of the camera are extremely sophisticated together with the fast and very interesting editing ... In the scenes that depict suspense and intrigue, for example, imagine Hitchcock moving at double speed. Chang Cheh was indeed a master craftsman and artist who knew his genre and was able to produce important material while working within its borders. It does not vibrate the kung fu genre film boat, but subtly its abilities permeate every scene and every shot and add a lot to the quality of the work. He is an important filmmaker who continues to influence many people. <br /> <br /> This is the real package A kung fu film that offers all levels. It's art, it's rubbish, it's emotionally moving, and it's fun, it has a real sense of morality, but it doesn't allow that morality to intrude on a good action. I recommend it to everyone whether you are a fan of this genre or not.
