When it came out for the first time, this work by the Meysels brothers was much criticized and even considered an exploitation. Fortunately, it is now hailed as a masterpiece of documentary cinema, especially now that society has been exposed to true exploitation in what is the reality of television and to the bad evolution of most direct cinema. <br /> <br /> Indeed, at the beginning, we must say that this is not a direct cinema, it is more true cinema. The difference between the two is very small, but it is above all the fact that in this documentary we are made to feel the presence of the Meysels brothers and interact with the filmed characters. This also makes it clear that it is not exploitation. The Meysels have been allowed into the house, and are included in what is a very eccentric situation of a very eccentric family. And both Edith and Edie love the idea of ​​being filmed. <br /> <br /> It would have been very disappointing if only a narrative voice of God and superficial interviews had been shown. Here, we are given a complete portrait of the madness of the house, a madness that seems to go down well with both Edie and her mother Edith. Their home is a disaster, trash and animals everywhere, faded and mobile colors throughout the house, and the constant struggles that are constant interactions of reality. These two people have lived with each other throughout their lives, and they are not fighting in front of the camera because they want attention, but rather because they cannot help each other speak in this way. They know each other too well to hide their inner feelings, there is no need. In the end, though, even if they blame themselves for their lives, they really love each other deeply. Edie says she doesn't want her mother to die, because she loves her very much and Edith says she doesn't want Edie to leave her because she doesn't want to be alone. <br /> <br /> But the most interesting aspect of the film is that, regardless of their advanced age, the two women cannot help but be girls. They can't do without being the singer, the other the dancer. Show all their artistic skills in front of their camera. When Edie asks David Meysels rhetorically "Where have you been all my life?" she's really very happy that she finally manages to show the whole world herself and her wonderful showgirls skills. A beautiful portrait of stylistic importance and a charm that is highly unlikely to ever be seen again, as only the Meysel and a few others could do.
