This documentary follows the lives of Big and Little Edie Beale, mother and daughter, who lived as prisoners in their family home in East Hampton, New York from the mid-1950s to the late 1970s. When the filmmakers find them, the villa is falling apart and the women, one 78 and the other 56, share a squalid room. The oldest Edie Beale is the aunt of Jackie Kennedy Onassis and the youngest is his first cousin. The women would originally have been evicted from the house because of his decrepit conditions, but Jackie sent them money for repairs so that they could continue to live there. <br /> <br /> Sometimes this film may seem exploitative, as no woman seems in the best state of mental health, but at other times, the film is hard to look at far. "Little" Edie blames her mother for her current state, and her mother replies that Edie will never have been the success she thought she was. "Little" Edie often seems trapped in the past, focused on the choices she made decades ago, and loves to show pictures of her youth, where she was clearly a beautiful debutante. His mother seems more resigned to his fate, to live the rest of his life in terrible conditions. There are definite clues to the glamorous life that both women lead, from the images that show a happy family, to the great portrait of old Edie next to his bed. From what we see of the house, most of the rooms are empty, the walls break and fall apart, and "Little" Edie leaves the food in the attic for the raccoons to celebrate. And of course there are many cats that run. <br /> <br /> In his heart, this documentary is incredibly sad. While neither woman seems particularly depressed about their fate in life, the squalor in which they live is absolutely horrible. It is not particularly clear if there is also running water in the house, and one gets the impression that they have been substantially abandoned by their family. <br /> <br /> However, as a documentary, the film is a wonder to behold and is highly recommended
