"Cypher" is a cleverly conceived story about industrial espionage set in America in the not too distant future. Although thematically not complex, this film offers many different perspectives on personal loyalty, ruthlessness and corporate conspiracy. To a certain extent, this film also tries to represent modern groups and companies as indifferent to the risks that their contract employees take on for them. <br /> <br /> The film begins with a mediocre salary man, Morgan Sullivan (Jeremy Northam), who turns to the Digicorp group to work as an undercover agent. After an initial briefing with Digicorp's security chief, Sullivan receives a new identity (Jack Thursby) and is sent to a work conference with the task of recording the interventions of various spokespersons concerning the marketing strategies of each of the respective companies. After successfully completing his first assignment, Sullivan / Thursby is sent on additional missions to obtain the same kind of information previously collected. However, during one of his "business trips", he inadvertently runs into a woman named Rita Foster, (Liu) whom he met in his previous assignment, and from there things go extremely upside down. The implications of a diabolical conspiracy involving Digicorp's espionage program are beginning to emerge and Sullivan is forced to make a deep cover in one of Digicorp's main competitors, thus becoming a double agent involved in an intense rivalry between the two companies. <br /> <br /> ((SPOILERS END HERE)) <br /> <br /> What I liked most about this film was the efficient use of lights and shadows in many scenes. Vivid lighting was mainly used in domestic / home environments, while lots of shadows and dark colors were used for settings involving deception and cover-up. I was also very impressed with Jeremy Northam. Not too often I saw him in the title role, and the fact that you play a married man disenchanted directly from Wisconsin was fantastic. Personally, I think he is one of the many underutilized actors in the industry who have not been assigned to more demanding roles. Lucy Liu was also incredible in her part and gave the film its true mantle and dagger tone. Also, the rest of the support cast did a great job, however, my only complaint was that some characters could have been explored more to make the plot and closure a bit more complicated. For example, I would have liked to see what would have happened if Jack Thursby had developed a more intimate relationship with his second "wife". Overall, this is a story of a cleverly developed cloak and sword that continues to guess deeply about personal and professional loyalty and the possibility of trusting anyone in the whole film. With an elegant and fashionable soundtrack and a great photographic work, this film offers a scary look at how multinationals could operate in the near future. I am surprised that I have never seen this "hidden gem" before. This is a brilliant espionage thriller, not too complicated, so I give it a 9 out of 10.
