Hey, now, your real, TheatreX, found him wiping out the videos at the flea market, in almost new condition, and reading the back of the box he saw it was a bit of a "cult", so obviously he came back to home with me. <br /> <br /> What a strange film. The aunt and cousin of former first lady Jacqueline Bouvier Kennedy Onassis live in this ruined 28-room house on Long Island (Suffolk Co.) and share the house with raccoons, cats, fleas (eyes!) And who knows what else. Suffolk Co. was all their own at one point to live in the dirt and old Jackie herself had come to fix things. Anyway, this is a strange couple, Big Edie and Little Edie ... Edie (her daughter) always wears something over her head and dances, sings and gives little stars to the camera that rarely make much sense. A Big Edie (mother, 79) seems to like going around naked, and while we get clues about what it might look like, thankfully this was done with taste (?) To the point where we were mercifully spared from that . These women talk, talk and talk, especially about the past, and they don't make much sense, except for them. They live in absolute filth, the cats doing their business everywhere ("Look, that cat is going to the bathroom behind my portrait!"), And a bedroom seems to be their operational center. If I close my eyes and listen to Big Edie's voice, it reminds me a lot of my late aunt, who came from that area of ​​the country and had Lawn Guyland's accent. A scene has little Edie wearing a flea repellent, adorable, you can see all the cats scratching constantly, so the place must have been infested. The casket refers to these two women as "eccentric", and in this case I should say that it is just a euphemism for "wacked out of their gourds", but this film is not lacking in moments when you really feel something for them. They are equal parts, creepy, sad and disgusting, but I couldn't stop looking once I started. This is not my "normal" type of film, but I found it fascinating. However, it will not be for everyone, guaranteed.
