Cypher is an intelligent, effective and disturbing film that offers. His good premise is presented well and has its contents delivered effectively but also in a way that the genre requires. Although the film can be immediately labeled as science fiction, there is a little more to it. He has his obvious science fiction traits but the film looks more like a noir / detective feeling than anything else that really adds to the story. <br /> <br /> The film, on the whole, plays as if it were some kind of nightmare; therefore building and maintaining a good atmosphere. We're never sure what exactly is going on, we're never sure why certain things that are actually happening are and we're not entirely sure of certain people, similar to having a dream ?? the ambiguity reigns over all of us ?? hero included and I've never seen him before in a movie, Terry Gilliam's bar in Brazil. Going with the eeriness declared previously, Cypher presents itself with elements of horror and detective, noir and science fiction giving the feeling that there is something in there for everyone and integrates its elements well. <br /> <br /> There is also a feeling of espionage for the film that helps the investigative side of the story. The mystery that surrounds almost all is disturbing to say the least and I find that the character of Rita Foster (Liu), which should resemble a femme fatale, can be seen as a minor threat compared to everything that happens around the hero: the people who appear as friends really aren't, the people who say they're helping are actually using it and the ones that seem harmless enough are actually more lethal than they seem. Despite a lot of changes in direction, twisting the plot several times and following the orders that are put in order to make it look like the world will end if they are not executed; the only thing that seems the most dangerous is some romantic connection or connection with the character of Lucy Liu ?? and is trying to lend a hand (!) The film keeps that feeling of two parties fighting a spy war, spying and keeping one on its employees and adversaries. Everything takes place as a sort of mini-cold war; something that resembles the United States and the United States in their period of glory of the war of the word and in fact is able to give a black, gloomy screen, often in CGI, on which I was glued. <br /> <br /> What was also quite interesting and was a nice addition was the travel insert shot of some American states made to look like computer microchips like our hero flies to and from its declared destinations ?? meaningful therefore the more he acts on his own motivation and on that of Foster this sequence disappears because he is moving away from the computerized, repetitive and controlled life that he is told to live and is expanding. <br /> <br /> Cyhper is very consistent in its content and has all the elements of a good movie. To say that it resembles the first Jason Bourne film, set only in the sci-fi genre, is not cutting it loose enough, but you can see the similarities; although they were both released in the same year. As I said before, there seems to be something in this film for everyone and if you can look beyond the rather disappointing ending that some people might successfully predict, you'll find yourself enjoying this movie.
