It is actually a good thing that Sean Connery retired as James Bond, as I am sure he would not be able to keep up with the daily espionage business, where fast cars were replaced with high brainwashing techniques technology and are considered beautiful women to be less sexy than advanced computer equipment. "Cypher" is a rather inventive science fiction thriller that often evokes feelings of fear and claustrophobia despite being absolutely implausible. You know the trend in these types of films: nothing is what it seems and just when you think you understand the twisted plot, the writers make sure to include a new twist that confuses everyone again. The events in "Cypher" presumably take place in the most important regions of the computer world, where big companies don't do much else but try to steal lightning from each other. The Digisoft company spends literally millions of brainwashing people and providing them with a new identity, only to have them infiltrate as spies in their biggest competitor, Sunways Corporation. Sunways, on the other hand, is constantly trying to unmask Digisoft rats and recruit them again as double spies. In the midst of all this unprofitable business is Morgan Sullivan; an apparently colorless thirty-year-old employee who was selected by Sebastian Rooks (l'über-spy) to investigate the secret policies of both companies. Trust me, it's actually less complicated than it looks and the director Vincenzo Natali (the guy from "Tube") takes his time carefully to present all the important and less important characters. The first half of the film resembles rather the gem John Frankenheimer, sadly underestimated, "Seconds" ?? played by Rock Hudson ?? as it also deals with erasing identities and drastically changing your previous lifestyle. Even the scenes seem to come straight out of the 1960s movie, with lots of empty white rooms and mysterious corridors that seem endless. There is also a lot of great action and suspense, especially when Morgan soberly experiences how the Digisoft crew inspects the results of their brainwashing techniques during boring conventions. The central part of the film drags a bit, above all because you already realize that it is only developing towards multiple misleading plot twists, and I was hoping for a portrait a little darker than a not too distant future. Jeremy Northam is a perfect cast and the adorable Lucy Liu is as convincingly mysterious as the fox that appears to be on his side. Director David Hewlett's regular choice has the most memorable supporting role of the ignorantly eccentric engineer Suways Virgil C. Dunn. "Cypher" is well done and the adrenaline is unleashed with Sci-Fi entertainment, highly recommended for people who like to take advantage of brain capacity from time to time.
