This is a fantastic low-cost science fiction movie by cult director Vincenzo Natali. The film takes place as a crossing of Phillip K Dick with Hitchcock and Cronenberg and the film takes on a unique feel like nothing you would have seen. The film is filmed in a superb way, I love photography in this, it looks fresh and original. As for the film, the film explores themes similar to movies like Total Recall, Dark City and the Matrix and its fantastic science fiction stories. Morgan Sullivan (Jeremy Northam) is a suburban who is bored of his life and has decided to take a job as a company spy for Digicorp, a large technology company. At first he meets a recruiting officer who brings Sullivan on board and instructs him on what to do. Basically it involves going to conferences of rival companies and registering them via a satellite camouflage device disguised as a pen. It also means that he must hire a different character and keep it secret from his wife. After his first job things get weird, his habits change, his personality starts to differ and he suffers neck pains and headaches and nightmares. Meet a beautiful woman named Rita Foster (played by an intriguing cast Lucy Liu.) She immediately becomes passionate. However when he goes into his next job and sees her again, he turns out to be an agent of some sort who reveals that his work is not quite what it seems. He later finds out that he and the rest of the people attending the conference all work for Digicorp. The lectures are all covered to allow the company's men to brainwash their spies. Sullivan, whose alternative name is Jack Thursby has been given an antidote to the Digicorps drug and while the rest of the spies at the last conference are moving into what appears to be a nightmare dream while the speakers continue to drone (the speakers send all the Sleepers through subliminal messages.) Suddenly the lights in the rooms go out and the Digicorp workers come into bright lights in all the occupant's eyes to make sure they are not conscious and therefore in a rather nightmarish situation they carry sets for every member in their heads that sends messages to the brain and brainwashed the precipitants into believing they are someone else. Digicorp is using these people as puppets and creating personalities and lives for these people as they dry their lives. Sullivan must now pretend to believe entirely that he is now Jack Thursby. The Digicorps want to steal information from their rivals Samway and want their puppets to do it, now they effectively control what these spies do, with the exception of Sullivan. When Samways takes over Sullivan and discovers he hasn't actually been brainwashed, he decides to use it as a pawn to spy on Digicorp, making Sullivan a double agent. They know that Digicorp has sent Thursby to work for Samway and make their way into the system until he can get into a situation to download important business information that could silence the company. Samways realizes that it has been planted and decides that it will play with Digicorp and will allow Thursby to infiltrate their databases, but they will give Digicorp a discreet disk that will ruin their system. The plot starts spinning and turning while both companies use Sullivan as a pawn. He is stuck in the middle and Rita Foster is a mystery as she tries to understand why she is helping him. When a mysterious third party gets involved, the person who reveals that Foster works, Sullivan has to decide whether to turn to this independent agent, who could guarantee him a new life and security or stay with one of the companies he works for. The tension turns into a climax that collapses when it seems that everyone wants to get rid of him once his usefulness has expired. The cast is fantastic. Northam is superb and the subtlety in his performance is excellent. He brings a great visual aspect to his performance, his eyes tell a story and we see a big change as his character changes from Sullivan to Thursby. Lucy Liu is simply sexy beyond imagination and her presence gives a great dynamic to the film because it looks like a strange casting but works because of this fact. The rest of the cast is also good. <br /> <br /> Director Natali, whose previous film was the classic science fiction cult film Cube, has real visual talent. He too travels the film superbly and gave it a magnificent appearance. For a low budget film, it offers some imaginative visual effects and although the CGI is not exceptional, it never starts too much of a central piece to negatively affect the film. The film really brings the feelings of The Matrix and other great science fiction films, it's there with them. Sometimes the plot becomes too complicated but in reality it helps in a film like this, this is where the influence of Cronenberg and Lynch is evident. The film constantly makes you understand what is happening and really surprises as it proceeds. This is overall an obvious cult classic and I can see this being incredibly popular when released in the United States. **** 1/2 <br /> <br />
