This science fiction film funded by Filmfour is a must see. While it takes enormous influence from The Manchurian Candidate and offers nothing new or original essay; it is managed with the utmost skill that turns out to be fresh and inventive, despite being basically a repetition of a previous film. It's nice to know that movies like this are still in production (even if they're not getting big releases), and Cypher is refreshing for this reason. The plot twists, which give it an element of paranoia and also serves to keep the audience on the edge of their place as they try to understand the meaning of Cypher's mystery. The plot follows Morgan Sullivan; a bored suburban man who decides to accept a job with Digicorp that involves him listening to speeches from different rival companies and recording them for reasons, unknown to him. However, his work is interrupted when he meets a mysterious young lady known as Rita ... <br /> <br /> This film presents a series of clean white backgrounds that give it a very surreal look and blend well with his image apocalyptic of the future. This gives the film a very strange look that sets it apart from most other films of the same type, with its only true close affiliation as Kubrick's A Clockwork Orange. The plot is also very efficient and interrupts the development of the character in favor of a more elegant - and more electrifying - development. You never know exactly where you are with the plot, which serves to make it even more intriguing. The acting is mostly good with a largely unknown cast that supports the star team; Jeremy Northam and Lucy He. Northam looks very much at the quiet and discouraged part of the story, and does well with his role. Lucy He is an actress who has a resume that doesn't fit her talent perfectly, but she has an opinion that fits right into this movie. <br /> <br /> Cypher is anything but perfect given that some sequences are illogical and can sometimes be inconsistent; but overall, if you want a recent and inventive science fiction film; Cypher is the way to go.
