Was it based on a comic book? A video game? A drawing of a 3 year old child? <br /> <br /> There is nothing in this film to take seriously; not the characters, not the dialogue, not the plot, not the action. Anything. We have high-tech international terrorists / criminals who fight like preschoolers, Stallone's steel-like resilience to the icy cold, a dialogue so stupid that it's sometimes almost funny, and so on. Even the codename using the villains is stupid ("tango-tango"). A film that feeds on suspense, good action sequences and a beautiful snowy mountain setting. Oh yes: and involuntary humor. <br /> <br /> The film opens with some really negative and unconvincing gay jokes between our lucky and happy characters who are obviously experiencing a "perfect" moment. Then comes a failed rescue part that induces sweat, which should make anyone with height fear want to pull their hair out. And then we have another bad dialogue, and after a bit of bigger action. This is the rhythm of the film in a nutshell. <br /> <br /> The melodramatic exchange of Stallone with Turner, when they meet after so long, is so lathered, so cliché, so fake and so bad that it should force a laugh out of any respecting spectator. Immediately after this demonstration of terrible dialogues, we witness a spectacular and excellent hijacking of an airplane. The whole action is a great absurdity, but it is unreasonable fun at its best. Although the rest of the action is exciting and fun, the airplane scenes are really the highlight of the film. After landing, our criminal masters seek guidance and end up with Stallone and Rooker. They send Stallone to take the first case of money, but somehow they do everything to make it as difficult as possible to reach it; they take off most of their clothes (so they can freeze) and they won't give them the equipment they need (so they can fall). THESE GANGSTERS WANT THEIR MONEY HAVE DONE OR NOT ??? Very silly. Apparently they don't trust Stallone, but surely they know they can always send him via email using Rooker as a hostage. Nevertheless, our gangsters make it difficult to climb Stallone, if not for logical reasons, at least to show us how truly evil they are, for fear that there are doubts. And for those who may still doubt how bad the bad guys are, they exaggerate, boast and giggle in a really wicked way. All convinced? Good. You better be. Otherwise the writers will give a mass execution of twenty school children, just to make sure that the wickedness of the bad is clear for everyone. <br /> <br /> The old man flying in the helicopter ... How the hell did he fall for the trap? First, he must have been warned by MTV's head-to-head on criminals, and secondly, he must have heard the voices of Stallone and Rooker on walkie-talkies. A lot of idiotic verbal exchanges take place, with Lithgow having the questionable honor of getting most of the silly lines. "Get off my back!" Lithgow: "I didn't even start to get on your shoulders." Or, Lithgow to Stallone: ​​"We had an agreement, but now we are just one another!" And as for the Lithgow killer band: these guys never seem to want to kill immediately. They are very creative about it; they philosophize, they pretend to play soccer with your body, and so on. <br /> <br /> Stallone co-wrote this thing. I have no idea what the drug was when he did it. I don't dare to think that the script is so bad because of low IQ.
