Maléfique is a very interesting film. It is an unholy league of triumphs and failures. The central concept is large, three inmates with bizarre personalities are joined by a fourth (with whom the public identifies) and try to escape from their cell using a book of magic they find inside the cell walls. <br /> <br /> The atmosphere is well structured, it reminds me of reading the Edmond Dantes prison in the castle of If (before becoming the Count of Montecristo). The director gives the impression that the characters are linked to the cell, in particular the character we intend to identify with (Carrère - a white-collar criminal whose crime is not specified, but indirectly suggested could be a fraud). On one occasion Carrère dithers when he leaves the cell for the exercise and has the cell door closed on him; we never leave the cell, claustrophobia is unbroken. There are not even prison shots outside the cell, and the view through the bars is a nostalgic sunset on a generic prison wall. So, even if the film seems to be very modern, it has a very ancient feeling of incarceration. <br /> <br /> The characters are intriguing. We have Marcus, a pre-op violent transsexual who plays a violent mother in Pâquerette (French for Daisy) a very retarded young man. Pâquerette likes to eat everything he finds beautiful, and unfortunately this included his little sister, so his current situation (I like this comment on internalization, very primitive). Lasalle is an old man, withdrawn and possessed, who brutally kills his wife. <br /> <br /> The central message of the film is that your desires will destroy you, and there is a ritual that goes with it. I think that's what bothers me the most, seeing people who are ritualistically destroyed. It has a real life ring. The fairly simple soundtrack supports all this well, every step deeper in quicksand is accompanied by the dull sound of a gong. I'm actually listening to the gong every time I do something self-destructive. I think one of the problems with the plot is that the ends of the characters don't reinforce the message in a coherent way, particularly with Carrère, even the concept of the book seems to change over the course of the film, not in terms of a subsequent revelation. I also think that some of the images we see are a bit amateur, more design than execution, like the famous "eye of the vagina" and Lasalle's sodomy, for me, totally empty images. <br /> <br /> At the end of the film it seems that the director is in a hurry to end it, and some things do not seem logical, for example we were awkwardly led to believe different things about Carrère's son. This does not change the fact, however, that what we have here is that rare bird, a "pure" horror film. There are no comic slags or genre sequences, like Cube (1997 / Natali), the obvious film to compare it to, it's a total immersion experience, where you feel like you're in the cell with the characters. The last comment I make of it is a "pure" experience, I think it's something others have mentioned, so it's a pretty unanimous point. <br /> <br /> On a personal note my favorite part of the film is when Lasalle talks about her past as a librarian. He very vividly describes a scene where one day he goes to work and sits in his usual place in the middle of a room where all the books are arranged in a circle around him. The books seem to sing to him that will never contain their knowledge. This leads Lasalle to go mad. This is really the problem with an obsession for understanding and knowledge. It's something I've heard myself. <br /> <br /> A final comment is that two of the comments quite welcome on the board confused the names of the characters. To convince you that Lasalle is the old librarian, just click on the page of Philippe Laudenbach and you'll see that he was born in 1936.
