This film focuses on four criminals, locked up in a prison that wants to escape from their cell, hoping that a mysterious book of black magic, written by a former prisoner around 1920, called Danvers who wanted to use spells to keep his skin young . <br /> <br /> The criminal tactics of Carrère (Gérald Laroche) took him to prison with three bizarre cell mates ... a transsexual brute Marcus (Clovis Cornillac), the love puppet of Marcus Pâquerette (Dimitri Rataud) who eats the objects he touches (.. and is in prison for eating his six month old sister) and obeys his accusation as if "he" were his mother, and the scholar Lassalle (Philippe Laudenbach) who does not read , or eat breakfast (.. the latter being that he killed his wife at that time of day). The film follows Carrère as he reads from the book, trying to understand its meanings, hoping to find an exit from his prison. Carrère loves his son and for a while he believes his wife will get him out on bail soon. When she betrays him, Carrère begins to cry slowly with hatred, and wishes to see and hold his beloved child. Carrère's most severe critic is Marcus, who wishes to be completely feminine, while continuing to bend to various masculine traits, such as training and getting a standing flaw. He speaks hard and uses his muscles as a kind of fear tactic, even though deep down is a world of vulnerability. Pâquerette is completely under Marcus' control and behaves like a dog for his master ... there is even an alarming scene in which Pâquerette breastfeeds from Marcus! Lassalle is a mystery that reveals, opening up to us to slowly understand its ulterior motives and what is in its brain, perhaps sinister. Clearly intellectual, and in possession of possible secrets from others, Lassalle is actually the one who maintains the motivation to pursue the secrets of the book in progress. Soon, those who are not a threat to the book seek their "true" escape, not so much from the cell of four walls, but from the cell that imprisons their true desires. After a certain murder, the book is thrown out of the room with a very charming character who enters the film with a video camera as if it were a new occupant ... who is this person and how does he understand that the power of a book goes away , and even better, how to use it? A constant in this film is that each of the inmates is often seen outside the window and looks out the window at the world just out of reach. <br /> <br /> I'm glad I had the chance to watch this movie. It works like "Monkey's Paw", the characters get what they want, but a price must be reached. There is blood in the film, surprising moments of graphic violence, but, in my opinion, this is above all a story-driven story. Blood is a product of what the book triggers. One of the members of the group tears off his arms while suspended in the air, while a horrible gesture of openness shows the carnage left behind in the wake of a man's desire. We see the fate of Danver in the end, with a magnificent sequence of special effects concerning a child who is melting. Lassalle's fate is a masterly sequence of effects. I will say that Maléfique, through the well-balanced direction of Eric Valette, has always attracted my attention, and, to be such an isolated film (about 95% of the film takes place in a singular place, the prison cell), does not seem never drag. I imagine it is a testimony of interesting actors and fascinating characterizations, not to mention a compelling story that uses the supernatural to guide them.
