If you are one of those who gladly recognize arcane titles like "Book of the Dead", "Book of Eibon" or "Necronomicon", then you should feel at home with Malefique, a film that also features a hidden volume, one with power to change the destinies of all those involved. Discovered by four French prisoners sharing a cell, the fearsome object was placed in the wall there by Danvers, a serial killer imprisoned in the 1920s; a man obsessed with rejuvenation and the dark arts before he suddenly vanished. The book seekers are Carrère (Gérald Laroche) an embezzler of the wife company, Lassalle (Philippe Laudenbach), who aspires to be a woman but at the same time builds the body to carry out an evasion plan, the halfwit Pâquerette ( Dimitri Rataud) who once ate his little sister and the "librarian" Marcus (Clovis Cornillac), presumably mad by reading, who killed his wife. Reminding the spectator of the equally bizarre and detective male of Meat Loaf in Fight Club (1999), Lassalle begins as a dominant member of the quartet, one that is particularly protective of the infantile Pâquerette. With the advent of the book, however, and the general need to decipher its dangerous contents, Marcus takes on an ever greater significance. At the beginning a deposit advance was secured, meanwhile Carrère takes little more than the academic interest for the events. Suddenly he too needs an urgent escape option and, as the prisoners experiment, Danvers's book begins to reveal some of his terrifying powers ... <br /> <br /> On stage for the most part inside a prison cell, and between four or five characters, Malefique has a claustrophobic air that fits perfectly with his subject (as well as the limited budget of the directors). Only at the beginning and then at the end we come to leave the confines of the cell, a necessary opening that only serves to emphasize the condemned and closed nature of the proceedings elsewhere. More than anything else, this is a film about being trapped, or a victim of the criminal past or the occult events that are taking place. "I'm about to escape," says Carrère at the beginning of the film, wishing more than anything to be able to rejoin his wife and son. Whether he does it or not he will do it at a terrible price, and the film's great irony is that the last form of "escape" might not be what a man can imagine. <br /> <br /> With all its budgetary limits, it is thanks to the merit of the first feature film Eric Vallette that his film was as successful as it was. As critics have noted, this is a film with strong Freudian overtones - Lassalle's distinctive mammals and breastfeeding for adults; the image of a vagina that comes to life and develops an eye; the adult man who dissolves into a fetus again; Danvers original placet fetish; the dark cell as a primitive uterus from which the "birth" is expected, etc. With so many interesting aspects of the script, Vallette barely puts a foot in error, and manages to create a truly disturbing atmosphere from what, when it comes down to it's just a matter of four guys, four bunk beds, a folding table and a book. There is an authentic, growing, Lovecraftian delicacy while men recall the unmentionable darkness within its pages, while one or two moments - the flashing vagina mentioned above, or what eventually happens to Pâquerette - are memorable scary. The rhythm of many of the dark events in Malefique is intentional, rejecting the rapid cutting of many Hollywood productions: an approach to video culture that often subverts the horrified look in favor of quick actions and gore. Perhaps it is a particularly European way, as we recall a similar and measured approach to shocking hallucination in films like Verhoeven's The Fourth Man (1983) - a film that incidentally also shares a particularly unpleasant eye-based image wordy. /> <br /> Targeted well in 1.85: 1, Malefique benefits from excellent performance and, if for this viewer at least, the conclusion was not as explicable as it could have been, the journey to the final shot was worth it. Arrived so soon after the release of the equally well received Haute Tension (aka: Switchblade Romance, 2003), this is another reason to be grateful that the good horror films are once again emerging from the French industry, this one after a time when it seemed the only useful product came from Asia
