Good French horror movies are pretty rare, and it's pretty easy to see why! Every time a talented young filmmaker launches a new, perplexing film, he emigrates to glorious Hollywood immediately after directing the remake of the great movie of a great classic! How can France build a solid reputation for horror when their prodigy directors leave the country after a single movie? "Haute Tension" was a fantastic film and gave director Alexandre Aja a (one-way) ticket to the United States to redo "The Hills Have Eyes" (which he did so terrifyingly, I can add). Eric Valette's feature debut "Maléfique" was also a very promising and engaging horror film, and has already left for Hollywood to direct the remake of Takashi Miike's movie "A Missing Call". So here we are, two very talented Frenchmen who will not make films in their native country any more soon. "Maléfique" is a simple but efficient cooler that requires some patience due to its slow start, but once the plot has developed properly, it offers great atmospheric tension and a handful of wonderful special effects. The film takes place almost entirely in one location and introduces only four characters. We are inside a ramshackle French prison cell with four occupants. The newcomer is a businessman condemned to the time of fraud, the elders and the "wise" prisoner sadistically killed his wife and then there is a crazy transvestite and a mentally handicapped boy to complete the strange quartet. They find an ancient diary inside the wall of their cell, belonging to a sick murderer in the 1920s, specializing in rituals of black magic and supernatural ways of escaping. The four detainees begin to prepare their escape plan using the bizarre formulas of the book, just to realize the occult is something you shouldn't be joking with ?? Eric Valette dedicates oceans of time to the drawings of the characters of the four protagonists, which occasionally translate into redundant and boring subtitles, but his reasons for all this become clear in the macabre climax when the book suddenly becomes a type of Wishmaster-device. "Maléfique" is a dark film, with loads of claustrophobic tension and several distorted details on human behavior. Watch it before a wealthy American production company decides to do it again with four handsome teenage actors in the unconvincing roles of the most avid criminals.
