The French horror cinema has seen something of a revival in the last two years with great films like Inside and Switchblade Romance that burst onto the scene. Maléfique preceded the revival only slightly, but is in front and behind most of the modern horror titles and is certainly one of the best French horror films ever made! Obviously Maléfique was shot on a low budget, but this is more than compensated for by the originality of the film, and this in turn is complimented by the excellent writing and acting that ensures that the film is a winner. The plot focuses on two main ideas; prison and black magic. The main character is a man named Carrère, sent to prison for fraud. He is put in a cell with three others; the silent mad Lassalle, the body that builds the transvestite Marcus and his retarded boyfriend Daisy. After a while in the cell together, they stumble into a hiding place in the wall that contains an old diary. After translating part of it, they quickly realize his magical powers and realize that they might be able to use it to break down the prison walls. <br /> <br /> Black Magic is a very interesting topic, and I'm actually quite surprised that there are no more movies based on it as there is so much space for things to do with it. It is fair to say that Maléfique makes the best of its heritage as despite the restrictions, the film never feels really restrained and manages to flow well everywhere. Director Eric Valette offers a great atmosphere for the film; the fact that most of it takes place inside the central prison cell ensures that the film feels very claustrophobic, and this immensely benefits the central idea of ​​prisoners who want to use magic to get out of the cell - it's very easy to go behind them! It is often said that the unknown is the thing that really scares people, and this film shows that the director ensures that we can never be sure exactly what is around the corner, and this helps to make Maléfique really succeed to be pretty scary! The film is memorable for many reasons outside the central plot; the characters are all very interesting in their own way and the fact that the book itself takes on almost its own character is very well done. Anyone who is worried that the film will not be delivered by the end will not be disappointed either by the finale or by what makes sense, and can be rather terrifying! Overall, Maléfique is a truly exceptional horror film and one of the best of the decade: HIGHLY recommended vision!
