"Maléfique" is an example of how a horror film can be effective with nothing but a well-executed plot and lots of heart. The cast has no recognized names, does not have a high budget and certainly lacks the appearance of visual effects; but it compensates for this with an intelligent and well-written script, an effective cast and the vision of a director who focused more on the story of the plot than on the realization of chills at low cost. Eric Valette may not yet be a well-known name, but with "Maléfique", his feature debut, proves to be at the level of contemporaries like Jeunet, Gans or Aja. <br /> <br /> The film is the story of four prisoners in a cell, four different men with very different backgrounds but with one goal: to go out. Carrère (Gérald Laroche) is imprisoned after being found guilty of a multimillion-dollar fraud; his cell mates, the violent Marcus (Clovis Cornillac), the intellectual Lassalle (Philippe Laudenbach) and the mentally challenged Pâquerette (Dimitri Rataud), are all convicted of murder and give Carrère a cold welcome. Their personalities will clash as Carrère discovers an ancient book that describes how a former prisoner escaped using black magic. <br /> <br /> Written by Alexandre Charlo and Franck Magnier, "Maléfique" is a great mix of dark fantasy and horror, reminiscent of Clive Barker's stories. The strength of the film is the way it builds the characters, they all have very complex and different personalities and a lot of tension and suspense come from their constant contrast of personalities. The supernatural element of the story is very well managed and overall gives the film the feeling of reading a gothic novel. Despite being a film about four men locked up in a room, the film never becomes boring or tiring and in fact, the isolation of the group increases the feeling of distrust, claustrophobia and especially paranoia. <br /> <br /> Director Eric Valette makes great use of atmosphere, atmosphere and his cast to give life to the plot. Despite his obvious lack of budget, he made a brilliant film that looks original, fresh and very attractive. Its thin and effective camera helps make the film dynamic despite its unique location, and the slow pace of the film is excellent for creating the heavy atmosphere of isolation and distrust that the film bases its plot. The few visualizations of special effects are very well done and Valette exchanges quantities for quality in the few but terrifying scenes of blood. <br /> <br /> The characters are what make this movie work, and the cast certainly deserves some credit. Gérald Laroche is excellent as Carrère, a man at first sight innocent, but who hides a dark past. Philippe Laudenbach and Dimitri Rataud are also very effective, especially Rataud in his very demanding role. However, it is Clovis Cornillac who steals the show with his portrayal of Marcus, a violent and disturbed man who deep down just wants to be himself. The characters are superbly developed and the cast takes full advantage of it. <br /> <br /> The film is fantastic, but it is not without its flaw. Of course, the most famous is the small budget. Some of the CGI effects are a bit shoddy compared to the effective makeup and prostheses used in other scenes, but it's never bad for it. Probably the bad thing about "Maléfique" is that it seems to lose some steam at the end when it focuses on supernatural black magic rather than characters, not too much of a bad thing but the ending may seem weak from that point of view. <br /> <br /> However, "Maléfique" is another one of those great horror movies that come out of France lately and one that deserves more recognition. Valette is certainly a talent to follow as this modest (though complex) account of the supernatural reveals enough of her abilities. Personally, this film is a new favorite. 8/10
