Hal Hartley's influence in "I'll Take You There" by Adrienne Shelly is not obvious, but clearly has ties to his work (Shelly starred in two Hartley films). His film not only shows a very narrow narrative, but the hyper-stylized and extreme characters strangely render human emotion in a very real light. Although this film is not ironic overall (thank God), the small and subtle ironies that dot the piece allude to the bitter truths in love and loss. With a beautiful cinematography and a soundtrack of the seventies, "I'll See You There" is a great independent film that does not bow to postmodern irony when it faces the evils of love and the reality of human emotions. > <br /> The film begins with the life of Bill falling to pieces. Not only did he sell his best friend Ray, a beautiful country house, but his wife Rose left him to join Ray in the retreat. Bill turns in his own darkness and ruin until his sister Lucy (played by director Adrienne Shelly) does nothing but surprise him: a self-help book and an "appointment" for the traumatized brother. <br /> <br /> The involuntary Bill tries to refuse, but Bernice's sudden appearance at his door leaves him no choice. Undoubtedly Bernice's initially superficial attitude and ridiculous hairstyle diminish her ability to "bounce" with her. However, his pseudo-hippie qualities annoy him so much that he lashes her on their first date. And Bernice is so traumatized by her contemptuous remarks that she sticks to him, forcing him to do so. For what purpose, we are not aware ... except perhaps for the fact that she is psycho. (And who is better to play Ally Sheedy's psychopath?) <br /> <br /> Aware that Bill desperately wants to see Rose, Bernice offers his car, but on the condition that he first brought it somewhere. On the road, she continues to hold Bill prisoner with her own gun (a Pinkerton detective, no less). A scam of anguish, resentment, redemption, passion and violence stem from the fact that Bill and Bernice find themselves traveling to Ray and Rose's country home ... of course, with some stops along the way.
