Apart from a few titles and the new Sherlock Holmes movie, I think I saw every movie directed by Guy Ritchie. Twice. Needless to say, I'm a big fan and Revolver is one of the main reasons why. This film is a very different approach from Ritchie, when you look at it in comparison to Lock, Stock ... and Snatch. Revolver prepares us for a psychological thriller of sorts when a scammer finds himself at the mercy of a series of enemies he didn't expect and a guided walk for the redemption he didn't know he needed. In addition to seeing André Benjamin of OutKast's fame as an actor, other prominent actors are Ray Liotta who plays the maniac Mr. D / Macha and Mark Strong who plays Sorter, the hit man. <br /> <br /> After being sent to prison by a tyrannical casino owner, Macha, Jake uses his time alone to perfect a plot to humiliate Macha and force him to make up for the past seven years. When he wins a card game and accumulates a fair amount from Macha, Jake is on the brink of death as he collapses and is diagnosed with an incurable disease that left him three days old. A team of moneylenders, however, has an answer for him and a ticket for life - only if he gives them all the money he has and is content to work for them, all in a ploy to both take down Macha and show Jake how much he is dangerous he did himself. In addition to having the air of the death loom, and a pair of loan sharks who have a field day with his money, Jake also has to deal with a shot thrown at him, which introduces Sorter - a hitman under the occupation of Macha. The depth with the story comes when Jake realizes that some co-convicts with whom he spent time alone could be the team of usurers to take away everything he has invented all the unfortunate events in which Jake seems to find his in so In the face of this reality, however, Zack (Vincent Pastore) and Avi show Jake how twisted he has become from being in isolation, having only the company of his mind and his ego that makes their existence be elusive also to Jake. The film unfolds in a humiliating process for both Jake and Macha as they both come to terms with their inner demons. <br /> <br /> The style of the film is first-rate when you get the gritty feeling of the criminal world represented and the characters it includes. Although many of Ritchie's earlier films are here, he still has a presence in dialogues, sets and the experimental version of the gangster genre. It is also a great journey on humility and recognizing when you can easily let your ego or a predetermined notion mask your ability to accomplish what you want or to overcome what you should. The characters are well made in this film with all the sides that have been made and, true to Ritchie's fashion, they are all tied by a certain submission that tugs at everyone's business. I could and would like to continue talking about this film and its unique nuances, but I don't want to take it off too much if you haven't seen it yet. <br /> <br /> It may take a few sessions to overcome all the complicated layers but it is a fantastic film and should be seen. If you're lucky and haven't seen the watered-down American version, see if you can get the original version of the UK as it will make a great piece of discussion among friends as you try to guess it. I saw it with my crew around the beginning of 2006 and we are still talking about it with little things we have gathered today. He earned his cult status, and he deserved it as the movie in which Ritchie pulled out the box and broke his norm a bit. <br /> <br /> Standout Line: "Fear or reverence, but please, think of me They are special, we share an addiction, we are addicted to approval".
