OK ... so far this film has been offered as a prize by critics and billboards (although playing the devil's lawyer it could be suggested that critics are often people who have not done themselves as filmmakers, and billboards are often people who didn't make it for themselves as critics) so I wanted to sit in Guy's corner with the magic sponge to reach maybe a couple of people who decided not to watch the movie based on how everyone seems to look down their nose collective approval. <br /> <br /> The film's biggest flaw in gaining broad support is how unexpectedly complex it is. This has been described many times as making the film "inaccessible" to the viewer. The film's chronology is relatively non-linear and the characters are used not only as a means of narration but as a tool to show us the subtle (or subtle) hints of prejudice we give to things as we commit them to memory, IE. Ray Liotta's character wields a gun saying that the words "fear me" are portrayed both as tragically pathetic (from Statham's POV) and as questioners and daring (from the POV of Liotta). This is just one example of Ritchie's much more mature approach to filming with Revolver, we have a plot that is rather archetypal (the strong but silent anti-hero is released from prison with a score to fix but is inadvertently drawn into a world of corruption ... I mean that it is painted by film noir numbers here guys, up to the vague poetic choice of diction and gritty voice-overs) but then Guy took this structure to make a number of extremely philosophical and complex points. <br /> <br /> Take the scene where the character of Jason Statham runs in contrast to a car. This shooter sequence could have been issued by the film and made no difference to the story ... but Ritchie is pointing out how such small events as receiving a phone call can make the difference between life and death. > <br /> So the final act of the film is quite shocking, I'd like to take the p * ss if I said that I didn't spend the last 20 minutes of the movie turning to my appointment by going "uh ... wtf?" ... but this is the most inexplicable reason to ignore a work of art. It's too easy not to love something because you find it difficult to understand. It is even easier to say "well, no one else seems to have understood it, so it must be a real movie!" In my humble opinion, Revolver is an elegant, complex and mature piece of modern art that should be accepted with the same method by which we will give the work to the Saatchi brothers. If we choose this opportunity to collectively say "Ah sh * t, I wanted a movie about a load of bloody" gangster cockney in-nit loll ... Guy Ritchie is a bitch! "then the day will come when filmmakers will only be able to do what is expected of them by superficial and disgusting people. Just because Guy has made a name for himself with funny and cheeky cockney talk, does not mean that he cannot be profound without being "pretentious." Even funny people can be thoughtful.
