I recommend families, if possible, to show them only to older children. Some of the things in this film are perhaps too annoying for the little ones to handle. Now that this is off the track, let me explain this movie. This is actually a documentary of a male fox, which initially protects its territory and looks for a companion. The start with the sunrise and the beautiful soundtrack is breathtaking. You should have been diving in most possible landscapes, it will get ugly afterwards. They gave both fox and fox names, but I can't remember what they are for me like me. He fights this male invader, to conquer his love. Later they will create a den and the fox gives birth to four adorable puppies, one of which is blind. There are many happy and playful moments with the fox family, but tragedy and misfortune hit too soon. The first victim is the blind cub, which gets too close to a tide level and is washed away. The second victim is the mother, who is deceived by a dead chicken hanging from a pole while stealing chickens. Unknowingly he walks into a trap. While trying to escape, he tears off part of the foot, causing it to bleed to death. The rest of the fox family is forced to see it die under a tree. the male is now a single dad, forced to take the role of mom and dad. He alone must teach them the skills they need for life. Later it proves not to be enough, when two of the grown-up puppies meet a bad fate of their own; thanks to the carefree and cruelty of man. I won't ruin the amazing ending for you, but it will show the farmer and his dogs close to his tail. And it's a well-deserved ending after what the fox audience and family were. I wanted to say that I saw it when it came out in the early 1980s, when we had something called the Showbiz cable. I was only 4 when I saw it, but I never understood why they wouldn't let me see it all. Now I know why, after I secretly looked at him when he arrived on Disney, when I was 9 years old. I felt emotionally gutted after seeing all this evil. I was moved to tears. But as dark and ugly as it was, it has a purpose. To allow people what is going to these and other types of animals, and why they are in danger. This documentary wanted to convey the message to this endangered species, and I hoped it would work. like Disney's True life nature films, they don't teach why animals become extinct. The invasion of the earth, killing off the main prey of the foxes and senseless killing of these beautiful animals, brought them into danger of extinction. I would like them to follow up on this film, (Glacier Fox 2005) to see if they are treated better. Maybe you have it, it's a vixen puppy named Teresa and her growing brothers. This film also reflects what happens to human families sometimes, especially when one of the parents suddenly dies. The surviving parent takes over both and tries to teach important life lessons. It is not always enough to protect them when they are adults, especially when some of their lives are ruined. Or victims fall into tragedy. Best of all the soundtrack and the soundtrack I've ever heard.
