Life is not going wrong for Harry Mitchell, he is a former aeronautics major (plus a beautiful retirement imagine), who is raking in the money for a patent he developed (fusing titanium and steel by explosive process, creating a super-metal suitable for NASA), and his wife of twenty years ago has remained fairly successful. He has a nice mat in LA. I like to see the visions of the dream of consumers of the 80s, and here you get a good slice, what with the restored Silver Jag (a series E roadster of series 1) for him, and the beautiful antique doll house for her (and I am sure that other toys for trinkets and boys). Should there always be more even if it isn't there? So Harry lets himself get involved in some romantic cheating (you're just as old as the woman you hear). As in many film noir, an error, in an otherwise unmarked life, leads to a bearish arc for Harry. <br /> <br /> Three blackmailers complain about him. These are the points where value is for me, great actors of characters who play very credible roles. Bobby Shy (played by Clarence Williams III) is a former black prisoner capable of performing incredible psychopathic acts to avoid jail and punish double-crossers. Remember Pluto, the evil ex psychopath of Carl Franklin's well-regarded neo-noir "One False Move" (1992). There is a similar motivation, I think. Both men have had enough, and virtually all, in extremis. Robert Trebor plays Leo Franks, a fat lily-colored pansy who runs a nudie where gentlemen can photograph nude models for $ 25 for half an hour, and $ 50 for a full hour (did anyone laugh at the lack of discounts?). He's out of his mind, and it's nice to see Trebor act when Leo begins to feel the heat, the credible collapse. John Glover wins as Alan Raimy, who is the brain of the plot, a really brilliant man who becomes a pornographer and turns into a life of crime for sheer sociopathy. He is a sexual sadist and does some particularly unpleasant things during the film, including what I think is a very well implicated rape (paying attention to his reading of the RAP sheet, it is easy to lose and read between the lines for the motel scene with "Slim"). In common with One False Move, although not exclusively, I think the real impact of the film is in unusually communicative violence scenes. <br /> <br /> So good so far but I think there's a real problem with the movie. Harry Mitchell is told at one point that he has his "tit in the wringer". My problem is that Harry Mitchell is played by Roy Scheider. The protagonists of Roy Scheider never lose, are self-confident and easy, but not annoying. I feel that I am asked to believe that his character is in danger, the film is based on this for dramatic tension; I didn't believe it anyway. For me it's like asking me to believe that the character of Sandra Bullock will end up sleeping alone at the end of a romantic drama, or the character of Stephen Seagal will be taken by the bad guys (it happened in a movie but was done deliberately by value of shock). Even Roy Scheider doesn't convince you how adulterous, he doesn't feel at all annoyed with him, his character is covered with Teflon. <br /> <br /> It also seemed like a film that has suffered some cuts. At 110 minutes it still seems underdeveloped: Harry's wife, Ann Margaret, is practically a cardboard cutout, an extension of Harry, his background while a politician in search of office receives little attention. The effect the relationship has on Harry's marriage is not correctly communicated. This could be a Frankenheimer problem, not known for character development. I never thought that Harry was dealing with little more than an overtly annoying and erroneous tax declaration from the IRS. <br /> <br /> In this film there is a good noir violet content, but I feel I am in the excellent parenthesis that Harry's casting could have been done better (without disrespecting the great Roy Scheider). The film felt short, even with the long run time, and I think it could have taken a little more thickness. <br /> <br /> But you can't really forget the sleaze, like the deliciously perverted scene of Harry taking pictures of Doreen in the nudie.
