Now I've read some negative reviews for this show on this site and frankly I'm upset. Because someone thinks the Sopranos are not Television, so I'm afraid I don't know what the world has come to. Let me tell you something. I started watching many T.V shows like Lost, Prison Break, Dexter, Deadwood and even Invasion. But all these shows have lost their touch after the first season, especially Lost and Prison Break, which I refuse to look at because companies have taken two brilliant ideas and slaughtered more than one season. Then we have The Sopranos. I can honestly say that this is the only television series I have ever seen where I have been fascinated throughout his season and, above all, all his episodes. There is no department where this show is not excellent. Acting - nothing short of exceptional. James Gandolfini is one of my favorite actors and I feel his acting is absolutely stunning in every episode, after hearing that HBO wanted Ray Liotta to play Tony, I felt it would be the best choice, however after watching the first few episodes, I knew that HBO had done a great job in casting James as Tony. The pure emotion it shows is superb. Then we have all the others, Edie Falco, Michael Imperioli, Lorraine Bracco, Dominic Chianese (whom I remembered as Johnny Ola in the Godfather Part 2) and my two favorite characters Tony Sirico and Steve Van Zandt Paulie 'Walnuts' Gualtieri and Silvio Dante. All of these actors perform at the best quality and give an excellent performance in each episode. Then we have the story, I've never been so sucked into a T.V show before. The story is nothing short of excellent. Each episode is superbly directed and the score of this show is simply fantastic. I feel that The Sopranos is a show that I can watch again and again and never get bored. It has everything from exhilarating humor to brutal violence, but nevertheless it is and will always be the best thing to honor television, and I challenge anyone to find a real flaw on the show. Not only to say that it's too violent, or feel that Tony's character is immoral, I mean it's a Mafia show at the end of the day, I don't think the characters will be very honest or faithful to God. I implore everyone to watch this show because, believe me, you will be hooked from the first episode, I was and I even had some friends who had first refused to watch the show, hooked. Trust me when I say that this show is a godsend compared to the crap that comes on TV After seeing the first season, you'll inevitably agree with me when I say once again that this show dominates the television, and no TV program the current or the future will never fly over the wonder that is The Sopranos.
