The Sopranos are probably the most acclaimed TV series ever, so of course my expectations were at their best, yet the show surpassed them. I love the mafia and the crime genre in cinema and I like to follow the compelling stories set in these worlds, but this is so much more. Over 86 hours of material give the story the possibility not only of being one of the most exciting and unpredictable mafia / action stories, but also of being a great family drama, a shocking character study, a cracking comedy, a brilliant psychological examination that deals with the nature of good and evil and an intellectual artistic collaboration of representative dreams and hallucinations all in one. David Chase's epic series manages to accomplish all this and more, and cement HBO as the closest TV to cinematic perfection, paving the way for a series of other series to keep the public going. <br /> <br /> Realism is present when necessary, but Chase's decisions to depart from it due to "dream episodes" and the like only add other levels to the series. Chase - along with a strong staff of writers including Matthew Weiner and Terrence Winter, the future creators of Mad Men and Boardwalk Empire respectively - turns New Jersey into an intricate universe filled with the biggest cast of characters I've seen on TV. /> <br /> James Gandolfini dominates the show as Tony, one of the most innovative characters ever seen on TV. Tony adheres to half the stereotypes of the pop culture gangster, but completely defies the other half, and through his family interactions and his therapy sessions with Dr. Melfi (Lorraine Bracco, with whom she has a remarkable chemistry that ensures that the therapy scenes always have a completely different feeling from the rest of the show), we see almost all of the parts of Tony Soprano and we learn that he is more any man than we are would expect. <br /> <br /> Edie Falco combines the power of Gandolfini's performance as Tony's wife, Carmela. From her mixed feelings about Tony's lifestyle, her suspicions about the murders, her torment over Tony's deception, her thoughts about infidelity, Carmela manages the range of emotions in all 6 seasons and Falco makes it the vehicle main for non-mafia viewers to have eyes in such a corrupt world. The scenes between Tony and Carmela provide one of the most heartbreaking and painfully realistic dramas ever seen on television. <br /> <br /> The supporting cast is almost phenomenal, and a wide range of characters populate the cast in all six seasons, somehow without redundancy. Nancy Marchand steals the show as Tony's bully mother, Livia, an overview of Tony's personality problems and panic attacks. The familiarity of Marchand's incessant complaints is almost creepy since he brings the character so believably away. Michael Imperioli is Christopher, Tony's protege, whose various wrong choices lead him to follow a path that is painful to watch but brilliantly executed. Drea De Matteo plays the girlfriend of Cristoforo Adriana, and is so well-intentioned and loving that the dark arc of his character takes it while getting too involved in Christopher's career. Tony Sirico is Paulie, presented as the last stereotype of the mafia and a source of comics, but eventually he becomes one of the most likeable and complex characters on the show, and no one plays the real anger better than him. And this is just the tip of the iceberg. <br /> <br /> Familiar faces such as Peter Bogdanovich, Jon Favreau, Ben Kingsley, Lauren Bacall, Will Arnett, Nancy Sinatra, David Strathairn, Robert Patrick, Hal Holbrook, Burt Young, and Eric Mangini make appearances during the show, while noteworthy names like Joe Pantoliano, Steve Buscemi and Steven Van Zandt have regular roles as protagonists of the series. There are over 50 great characters with powerful bows, and the excitement and tension never cease in any of the various subplots of the show. <br /> <br /> The comic elements and entire episodes full of brilliant hilarity dilute the dramatic intensity of the series' power plant, which is so multipurpose that, for a reason or reason, the credits of almost all the episodes they left me somehow disoriented. The Sopranos are the most powerful and compelling series I've ever seen, and its peaks are so heartbreaking that I should call it my favorite show despite the questionable lows (most of which I disagree with). <br /> <br /> If you love or hate the ending, or what you do with it is irrelevant: the discussion you created is a result in itself. The iconic nature of the entire series makes it an essential part of television history. There are more elements that anyone can love and marvel at in this show, so if you are thinking of looking at something else, do yourself a favor and run away.
