Although "The Sopranos" is another gift from the "The Godfather" megahit and the sequels, which have dramatized and in a sense captivated the mafia, "The Sopranos" takes another move. No classy gangster with classy homes in Lake Tahoe and shareholdings in Las Vegas casinos - these guys are goombahs, with a waste management front, dealing with things that fall from the back of trucks, homeless bars, money for protection - in short, what are the neighborhood mobs. <br /> <br /> The colorful characters dominate this series, which does not retain sex and graphic violence. Tony Soprano (James Gandolfini) is a ringleader with a wife and two children, living in New Jersey, who suffers from panic attacks while trying to balance his biological family with the mafia one. To get to the bottom of his attacks, he sees a psychiatrist, Jennifer Melfi (Lorraine Bracco), who is afraid of him and yet attracts him at the same time. Tony's henchman - Paulie, his nephew Christopher, his Uncle Junior (his head of the crowd), his good friend Pussy - are all completely sculpted characters. <br /> <br /> As we learn to go through the series, there are enemies not only from the outside, but from within, and one of those enemies includes Tony's sick but horrible mother (Nancy Marchand), which convinces Junior that Tony is a danger to him. Tony's sister, Janice, meanwhile, is looking for money in her mother's house with a stethoscope and a Geiger counter. Tony has problems with his mistress and a wife (Edie Falco) who endures much because she loves him, while maintaining ties with his Catholic religion. "The church disapproves of divorce," he says to a woman contemplating a split. "Let the Pope live with him" is the answer. As for the problems of Tony's lover, his psychiatrist points out that Tony is attracted to demanding women for whom nothing is ever enough and asks him if he seems familiar. Yes, it looks like his mother. <br /> <br /> I am of Italian descent, and yes, I am fed up with the Italians who are shown in a negative light and everyone believes that all Italians are mafia. Yet you can't help but enjoy this show, which is a constant reminder of our culture. (Thanksgiving, it is noted, it is not the turkey and sweet potato pie - it is the appetizer, the muffs, the meatballs and the endive, and then the bird!) Not to mention the right pronunciation of words like eggplant ( mullinyan), endive (endive), manicotti (manigot) etc. The only non-Italian thing about Tony is that he doesn't have a finished cellar, something unheard of for the rest of my family (except that my parents never had one). <br /> <br /> The protagonists of this show are Gandolfini, a ruthless gangster on antidepressants, Falco, who is as brilliant as his wife, and Bracco as the tortured Jennifer. But all are excellent. If you can endure violence and language, this is a great show, an inexorable portrayal of New Jersey mob life.
