Not only do the textures of "The Sopranos" involve the public from all sides, but I think (at least for me) what the spectators return to is acting. (Not even you, Gary, can you dispute this statement) James Gandolfini, who plays the protagonist, Tony Soprano, has become (in the opinion of the writer) one of the "Hollywood Elite" with regard to acting in a television series. I wouldn't go ahead and compare it to Robert De Niro or Al Pacino, or at least, not yet. He, however, does an incredible job with Tony Soprano. In the years since 1999, Gandolfini has grown so much as an actor (especially thanks to his role in The Sopranos) that today he is considered among the best in the industry. And it's not just him. "The Sopranos" is a cast of great help, including that of Lorraine Bracco, Edie Falco, Michael Imperioli, Dominic Chianese and the late Nancy Marchand who played Tony's terrible mother. At this point in the existence of the show, it is considered a cult-classic and rightly so. The first two seasons were extraordinary. Violent and rather macabre in a rather frequent way, but without doubt, extraordinarily done. The third season was great, but it was not up to the clamor of the seasons 1 and 2. The fourth season, which ended before the new years, was the weakest season (or at least, in my opinion, it was ) Despite a dry spell, I found it again (the fourth season of "The Sopranos") to be more fun than most of its competition and this is very significant because lately I've noticed a trend in good new TV shows. Examples of this: Six Feet Under, The Shield, Curb Your Enthusiasm and OZ (which technically is not a new show but ended with an unforgettable final season this year). However, to return to my point of view, to consider a better show than the whole competition in a particularly bad year, not less, is rather a result on the part of the writers. "The Sopranos" is above and beyond all other television programs of its time and its writers deserve a lot of credit. To close, I'd like to say, "The Sopranos" is the real deal. For the average mature viewer (17 and over) who likes drama and doesn't care about mixing a bit of violence and obscenity, you might want to check out "The Sopranos" if you get the chance. Trust me, I will evaluate the time.
