I can't add much to the positive reviews already here - great acting, balanced writing, multi-faceted characters, a great anti-hero in Tony, great commentary on the millennial American life. The full use of psychiatry combined with the questions of Tony's mother is particularly fresh and fun. Many other characters add a lot of depth - Hesh's interesting story as an intruding stranger, Ralphie's total irremediable perfidy, Chris's dual desires in life, and so on. <br /> <br /> I have to dig into some of the criticisms, however, in particular the "glorify violence / belittles Italian Americans". Most writers and actors are Italian-Americans, would they stick by themselves? There are several positive Italian-American characters: Artie Bucco the chef, Dr. Melfi and his family and the Cusamanos next to the Sopranos. In fact, the former husband of Dr. Melfi observes in the first season that only a small minority of Italian-Americans ever had Mob type connections (certainly smaller than the percentage of African-Americans involved in crime, I dare say ... In both cases poverty and lack of opportunity are the biggest causes). <br /> <br /> Most characters don't really choose the life they have; the family context or circumstances largely counter it. Strangers (even Italians) who try to integrate usually face agonizing goals - Matteo and his friend in season 2, for example. If you criticize this show, do I assume that Frasier made you a psychiatrist, or Will & Grace made you want to become a homosexual? Presumably you won't listen to rap music discussing gangs, or r'n'b discussing promiscuity, or rock music discussing drugs (or any other combination)? People are not as stupid as some of you understand .... <br /> <br /> Not everything is perfect anyway. A lot of characters have appeared only once, when with all logic they should have been seen or at least mentioned in the previous episodes - Tracee the dancer, the friend of Meadow Ally, the uncle Junior's girlfriend (presumably for 20 years up to their separation in the first season).
