I love MIDNIGHT COWBOY and I have it in my video collection as it is one of my favorites. What is interesting to me is how when MIDNIGHT COWBOY came out in 1969, it was so shocking to viewers that it was rated X. Of course, at that time X meant Maturity. Since I was only two years old when the film was released, it's hard for me to imagine how upset the viewers were then. However, when I try to take into account many of the topics covered in the film, which included prostitution (the title itself was jargon for a male prostitute); homosexuality; solitude; physical and (partly emotional) abuses of drugs and drugs are difficult to talk about for many people to date, I can begin to get an idea of ​​what the viewers of this film thought about its release. It is worth noting that in the 1970s MIDNIGHT COWBOY was downgraded to an R rating and although it is still classified as R, some of the scenes could be classified as PG-13 by today's standards. <br /> <br /> I want to give a synopsis of the plot briefly, although it is probably known to anyone who has heard of the film. Jon Voight plays a young man named Joe Buck of Texas, who decides to make him as big a bully in New York, escorting rich women. Emulate cowboy actors like Roy Rogers wearing a cowboy dress thinking that it will impress women. After being rejected by all the women he met, he meets a slimy crook named Enrico "Ratso" Rizzo, played by Dustin Hoffman. Ratso convinces Joe that he can make all kinds of money if he has a manager. Once again, Joe is scammed and in a short time he is homeless. However, Joe meets Ratso and is invited to stay in a dilapidated apartment. Without giving away much more of the plot, I want to say that the rest of the film is about Joe and Ratso trying to help each other in trying to make their dreams come true. OSSIA Joe turns him into a gigolo and Ratso descends to Florida where he thinks he can regain his health. <br /> <br /> I want to make some comments about the movie itself. First of all, the acting is excellent, especially the protagonists. Although the film is really very sad from beginning to end, there are some classic scenes. In fact, there are some scenes that while they are not meant to be fun, I find them fun. For example, there is the classic scene where Dustin Hoffman and Jon Voight are walking along a city street and a taxi runs them practically. Dustin Hoffman slams into the taxi and says "Hey, I'm walking here! I'm walking here!" I take a kick out of that scene because it's so typical of New York City where so many people are in a hurry. Another scene that comes to mind is the scene where Ratso (Dustin Hoffman) sends Joe (Jon Voight) to a boy named O'Daniel. What's funny is that at first we think O'Daniel is there to recruit gigolos and can understand why Joe is getting so excited, but then we start to realize that O'Daniel is nothing but a religious madman. In addition to the two scenes I mentioned, I love the scene where Ratso and Joe are arguing in their apartment when Ratso tells Joe that his cowboy dress attracts only homosexuals and Joe says in self-defense "John Wayne! A fagot!" I like it's delivery in that scene. <br /> <br /> I would say that even though MIDNIGHT COWBOY was set in the late 1960s, much of it sounds real today. This is because although the area around 42nd Street in New York has been cleaned up in the form of Disneyfication in recent years, the homeless are still as widespread there as they were 40 years ago. Furthermore, many people have unrealistic dreams about how they are going to hit big just to have their dreams destroyed as in the case of the character of Jon Voight. One thing that strikes me about the character of Jon Voight is his being a survivor and I felt that by the end of the film he had matured a lot and that Ratso (the character of Dustin Hoffman) had a good influence on him. > <br /> In conclusion, I want to say that I suggest that when you watch this film, one should watch it at least a couple of times because there are so many things going on. For example, there are a lot of flashbacks and dream sequences that made more sense to me after a couple of visions. Also, what I find interesting is that there is a lot in this film that is left to interpretations like what really happened with Joe Buck (the character of Jon Voight) and the people who were in his life in Texas. Even the finale, while I don't want to give it away to those who haven't seen the film, is rather open.
