This is a great example of a good and stupid movie. No, it is not high art by any means. Nor is the script close to Woody Allen or Mel Brooks. BUT SO THAT! The series of Killer Tomatoes (four films and cartoon series) are basically bon ton and warmly trample the type of territory that the Zuckers ruled before moving on to make serious gestures. <br /> <br /> As the title suggests, this fourth installment of the Killer Tomatoes trilogy deals with the plot of Killer Tomatoes against France. In this case, Professor Gangrene (John Astin's third time in the role) has a plan to govern France through an ancient prophecy about the return of the legitimate king of France. Steve Lundquist returns as Igor, a humanoid tomato who wants to be a sports journalist and who happens to be the real king of France. Obviously he also interprets the already mentioned ll t of F, happily impaling the French language. <br /> <br /> Opposing them is the intrepid Fuzzy Tomato (like the others, FT was introduced in the second film and would be a main character in the cartoon) and its human allies. Mark Price, recently unemployed following the conclusion of the FAMILY TIES series, plays a subtly disguised version of himself, passing by "Michael J Fox" as a way to conquer the girl of his dreams. And Angela Visser is a dream like Marie, who bounces happily between unbridled virginal sexuality and borderline psychosis. Oh, the former Miss Holland had had more than a movie career! Another returning member of the Killer Tomatoes corporation is Rick Rockwell (now better known as the unfortunate title "Who Wants to Marry a Millionaire?"). Like co-creator John De Bello, Rockwell works both in front of and behind the camera in this series. <br /> <br /> What can you say about Jon De Bello? Not much, really, except that he had a singular vision and managed to do it and, after doing so, he apparently fell into darkness. John, if you ever saw him, thanks for giving us the Killer Tomatoes. <br /> <br /> The script is heavy but not hatefully aware that this is just a movie. Like RETURN OF THE KILLER TOMATOES, the action from time to time moves away from the set and in the middle of the film crew. And Mark Price has a fun forum to complain about his lack of success against his former costar Michael J Fox. This is the biggest budget of all Killer Tomatoes movies and is a good send to the series. Ok, the show then moved to Fox Kids as a cartoon series (which was also pretty smart), but cartoons aren't the same thing.
