Acid, incessant and beautiful, John Schlesinger's masterpiece is no less effective today than 35 years ago, when American life was even more confusing. Probably the film could not have been realized at any other time in history, because at the end of the 1960s many upheavals were taking place: the final dissolution of the Great American West, the intensification of the war in Vietnam and the clash of social ideals that they were staggering variety. <br /> <br /> 'Midnight Cowboy' is widely known as the only Academy Award-winning film to get an 'X' rating, but there's a lot more behind its fame; it even exceeds the norm as a work of art. While this film (based on the novel by James Leo Herlihy) has much to say about the erosion of American life, it transcends the politics of the 1960s by examining the hidden bonds of friendship and addressing issues familiar to man in all ages. The two main characters, in fact, are the standard antiheroes - men who have nothing exceptional to offer, but much to vent on our world. <br /> <br /> The initial focus of 'Midnight Cowboy' is on 28-year-old Joe Buck, a physically imposing Texas native played by Jon Voight. In the opening scenes, we follow Joe's bus trip to New York, where he intends to use one of his few genuine talents - the women's pleasure capacity - and earn his fortune as a braggart. We learn on his arrival that Joe is ridiculously naive in the sex trade. Worn by cowboys and proclaiming himself "a real stallion", the young Texan trudges through his first tricks before collaborating with Henry "Ratso" Rizzo (Dustin Hoffman), a sickly crook and petty thief from the Bronx. Ratso, who is short, thin and limping, demonstrates a small financial aid to Joe. Quickly they run out of money and while life becomes severe in the winter months, Joe and Ratso shudder in a condominium condemned in Manhattan, with just a dollar or a square meal to their names. It is in this period that a strong friendship develops between them, the two men who trust each other to fight against enormous probabilities. <br /> <br /> In the course of the film, Joe relates to previous years in Texas, including life with his grandmothers Sally (Ruth White), who was the guardian; his intense relationship with Annie "crazy" (Jennifer Salt), a notorious local girl; and a traumatic event in which Joe and Annie were assaulted by city people who wanted to break the love story. Much of his time, "Midnight Cowboy" brings together a wild series of flashbacks, dream sequences and psychedelic images that shed light on the main characters and also distort their background. For every moment of understanding that we get from Joe and Ratso, other questions about their lives are generated. Both men are undoubtedly in tatters; they have no clear sense of direction until Ratso falls prey to illness and Joe finally feels a purpose for being alive. This revelation pushes 'Midnight Cowboy' to its conclusion, quite confident in a very dark story. <br /> <br /> While Joe and Ratso need some luck, John Schlesinger's direction is clearly delineated and uses the gritty atmosphere of Waldo Salt's script in allowing Voight and Hoffman to thrive. Their interactions appear extremely natural and the supporting cast, which includes Sylvia Miles, Brenda Vaccaro and members of the Andy Warhol clique, offers itself as an essential part of the plot. The flashback sequences involving Voight, Ruth White and Jennifer Salt are particularly impressive in treating the heartbreak of lost time. <br /> <br /> Every young person who questions the psychedelic era is advised to watch this film, thanks to the excellent cinematography of Adam Holender ('The boy who could fly,' 'Smoke') and editing by Hugh Robertson ( 'Shaft'). The images of 'Midnight Cowboy' work with his soundtrack (assembled by John Barry) as a cohesive unit, sometimes with music videos from the last two decades. The main song Everybody's Talking is sung by Nilsson, which was actually used as a temporary song during the editing phase. The memorable theme of the harmonica is interpreted by Jean 'Toots' Thielemans. <br /> <br /> 'Midnight Cowboy' has been published in a collector's edition of two MGM / UA discs, which contains expanded features and comments. A 1998 DVD version is also available (used for this review), which offers dual widescreen and standard formats with improved Dolby Digital 5.1 sound; subtitles in three languages ​​and subtitles for subtitles; "French dubbing"; a theatrical re-release trailer (not the original as advertised); and an eight-page production brochure. Both DVD editions contain a restored version of the film's 25th anniversary, showing its original splendor. Worthy of his three Oscars (best film, Schlesinger, Waldo Salt) and additional nominations (Voight, Hoffman, Sylvia Miles, Hugh Robertson), "Midnight Cowboy" will be sure to keep his place on the list of immortal classics. br /> <br /> *** ½ of 4
