Midnight Cowboy opens with a race to the bottom Drive In theater with the voice of the main character Joe Buck (Jon Voight) singing in the shower. He's singing a cowboy song, the same thing he tries to be. Joe resumes his monotonous life that lives in Texas and transfers him to New York City with the dream of many women and even more money. He dresses like the epitome of the cowboy, but in a cartoonish way, even his friends don't take him seriously. He begins his journey on the bus to New York and we can quickly see how much Joe is diluted by his interactions with other passengers. This is mainly a story of Joe's realization of the harsh realities of the real world. <br /> <br /> Start as a very naive southerner thinking he can do it in New York just for his good looks. He has no other reason to think otherwise, since they have proved useful in the past; we learn from the many flashbacks he has. In the beginning the flashbacks are shot in a way that portrays them a bit fanciful. They are confused and the voices sound as if they came from a great distance, as they are, they are coming out of its past. However, as Joe digs more and more into the reality of the harsh New York atmosphere, we see more of his past, which is no longer whimsical but gritty, shot in black and white with a quick montage to portray the cruel nature of past events. This is particularly evident in the flashback of him and his girlfriend who were attacked and his rape. In one of these flashbacks we see a building demolished brick by brick. This reflects the way Joe himself is falling apart; the ingenuity he once carried was falling from him. He and Ratso (Dustin Hoffman) live in squalor and barely manage to get food; Joe is realizing that he cannot live outside of his appearance, that there is a dark side to New York he never imagined. His subconscious reflects the way his real life opens up. <br /> <br /> Ratso is also a kind of mirror for Joe, but in an opposite way; Ratso is Joe's foil. Joe is a handsome and strong man who, for the most part, looks good. Ratso, on the other hand, from the first time we see him sitting next to Joe in the bar, we can say that it is the opposite. It is low, dark and always covered with a shine of sweat. He understands how the world works, which does not forgive and, regardless of how much you try, you will fail; just like his father. They live in the same world, the same apartment, but they understand things on a completely different level. <br /> <br /> The theme of alienation, which is common to this era, is very evident in this film. Neither Joe nor Ratso fit into the culture around them. Joe feels trapped in Texas and moves to New York where he is still very foreign. Ratso, who lives in the cold of New York, wants to move to sunny Florida, where he thinks he can find a good life. Although this is his ideal, in the fantasy we have drawn from Ratso's perspective, it is clear that he knows that he will never really be suited to society. In this fantasy he is welcomed by the people who live around him, he is again a stranger, alienated from society. <br /> <br /> It is not until the end that the gap between Joe and Ratso begins to narrow. Joe resorts to violence; assumes the mentality of this city to get money to finance a means of escape for Florida for himself and Ratso. During the trip we see Joe coming out of a shop that does not wear cowboy clothes that he never lacked in the rest of the film. He is dressed as someone who seems to be heading to Florida for the holidays. Dress Ratso in the same way; he gets tired of inserting them into the new society they are entering, but it serves no purpose. After Ratso's death on the bus, their traveling companions once again look at them as strangers. Even in this new culture they have entered, they cannot escape the alienation they encountered at every turn in this film. Despite the death of Ratso and the continued alienation of Joe, the film ends with the hope that Joe can take his new knowledge about how the world works and create a better life than he would have had as a bully in New York. Midnight Cowboy is an excellent film that portrays the harsh reality of society and alienation, with stellar performances by Voight and Hoffman.
