It is not exactly the timeless masterpiece that hopefully can be based on the acclaim he has received, but the 1969 film "Midnight Cowboy" is still a showcase for two young actors who have just entered the scene at the time. Directed by John Schlesinger and written by Waldo Salt, the film seems to be a product of his time, in the late 1960s, when American films were particularly expressionistic, but still creates a spell because the story is reduced to themes of solitude and bond that resonate no matter what period. The film's cinematic influence can still be felt in the unexpressed emotionality found in Ang Lee's "Brokeback Mountain". <br /> <br /> The twisted plot follows Joe Buck, a naive young Texan who decides to move to Manhattan to become a Stud-for-hire for rich women. Full of energy but lacking in experience, he fails miserably but is not willing to concede defeat despite his falling finances. He meets a cynical and sickly thief named "Ratso" Rizzo, who first sees Joe as an easy pawn. The two become dependent on each other, and Rizzo starts managing Joe. Things come to a drug-infested psychedelic party where Joe finally ends up with a paying customer. Meanwhile, Rizzo becomes sicker, and the two leave for Florida to seek a better life. This is not a story that everyone will like, indeed, some may still find repulsive the fact that a bully and a thief are transformed into likeable figures, yet their conditions are painfully authentic. <br /> <br /> In his first lead role, Jon Voight is ideally cast while highlighting Joe's subtle bravado and deeper sexual insecurities. Like Rizzo, Dustin Hoffman successfully rips his clean, post-university image from "The Graduate" and immerses himself in personal degradation and sparkling hope that acts as a strangely compatible counterpoint with Joe. The honesty of their portraits is complemented by Schlesinger's cinematic treatment that vividly captures the squalor of the Times Square district at the time. The director also effectively inserts flashback montages and fantasy sequences to fill the character's fragile psyche. The credit must also go to Salt to not let the pervasive cynicism overwhelm the pathos of history. The other performances are simply secondary to the travels of the main characters, including Brenda Vaccaro as the woman Joe meets at the party, Sylvia Miles as a mad matron, John McGiver as a religious fanatic and Barnard Hughes as a lonely out-of-town. <br /> <br /> The 2006 two-disc DVD package contains a pristine print transfer from the 1994 restoration and an informative commentary from producer Jerome Hellman as unfortunately neither Schlesinger nor Salt still live. There are three terrifying featurettes on the second disc - a back-up documentary, "After Midnight: Reflections on a Classic 35 Years Later", which features comments from Hellman, Hoffman, Voight and others, as well as clips and related archive footage like as a Voight screen test; "Controversy and Acclaim", which examines the genesis of the initial "X" evaluation of the film and the public's response to the film; and a tribute to the director, "Celebrating Schlesinger".
