"Midnight Cowboy" by John Schlesinger is perhaps the most important for being the only X-rated film in the history of the Academy to receive the Oscar for best film. This was certainly the way I first heard of it and, to be completely honest, I didn't expect much from the film. This does not mean that I thought it would be horrible, but somehow I didn't consider it the kind of movie I would have liked to watch. Is this one of the reasons why you should never trust your instincts about such ways? an extraordinary combination of stellar acting, ambitious direction and a memorable soundtrack ("Everybody talks about me", I don't hear a word they are saying ") make this film one of the most beautiful explorations of life, naivety and friendship ever released. < br /> <br /> The young Joe Buck (the newly arrived Jon Voight), proudly dressed as a cowboy rodeo, travels from Texas to New York to look for a new life as a braggart, a prostitute. they don't seem to be willing to pay money for his services, and Joe risks living in extreme poverty while his money stocks start to dry up, and during these exploits, Joe meets Enrico "Ratso" Rizzo (Dustin Hoffman), a sickly cheater and cripple who initially tries to get Joe all his money in. When they come to realize that they are both in the same situation, Ratso offers Joe a place to stay and, working together, they try to do (mostly not honest) lives for themselves in the cold and gritty metropolis of New York. /> <br /> Joe was convinced that the women of New York would be more than willing to pay for sex; however, his first such undertaking ends with the guilty culprit of the woman (Sylvia Miles) twenty dollars. Although he may consider himself a little intelligent, Ratso is as naive as Joe. Ratso, with his painful lameness and his hacker cough, is always making sure that if he could only travel to the heat of Miami, somehow everything would be fine. This wrong expectation that things will get better so easily resembles Lennie and George of John Steinbeck's classic novel, 'Of Mice and Men.' <br /> <br /> Shot mostly on the streets of New York, 'Midnight Cowboys' is an incredibly realistic look at slum life. Looking at the film, we can almost feel ourselves inside Ratso's squalid residence, our joints stiffened by the cold sore winter. Acting certainly contributes to this ultra-realism, with Voight and Hoffman masterfully interpreting the two decadent sewers of modern society. Hoffman, in particular, is exceptional in his role (I'm walking here! I'm walking here! "), Managing to drive far from being a typist after his debut debut in" The Graduate "in 1967. Both stars are they were later named Best Actor Oscars (also nominated for the acting? Baffling was Sylvia Miles, for an appearance that could not have been for more than five minutes), although both eventually got lost for John Wayne in 'True grit. ' 'Midnight Cowboy' then won three seven-nominated Oscars, including Best Film, Best Director of Schlesinger and Best Screenplay for Waldo Salt. <br /> <br /> 'Midnight Cowboy' is told mainly in a linear fashion, though there are numerous flashbacks that suggest Joe's past, rather than explicitly explaining what these short fragments consist of, the public is invited to think about it for themselves, and how these circumstances could have pushed Joe on the path he is pursuing. leaves us with a glimmer of hope, but a great deal of uncertainty, gritty, challenging and intensely fascinating, 'Midnight Cowboys' is one for the ages.
