"Midnight Cowboy" has never been a great movie to start with, but it's a classic. You know it is a classic when his persistent theme song, 'Everybody's Talking' starts on the soundtrack, (actually not written for the film), and the way the camera introduces us to Joe Buck, (naked and in the shower). We had already seen Jon Voight, but we had never really noticed it, but when he tells us that he is "a golden stallion" who must doubt him? This was a great performance that had iconic star status and a complete understanding of the character and if Voight had never done anything else, his performance here would still be legendary. Given that Voight is rarely disappointed on the screen; even a piece of well-cured ham like his performance in that glorious "Anaconda" garbage is a source of pleasure). <br /> <br /> The film has become famous and infamous almost overnight. It was a pleasure for the crowd, (even with its bass finale), fun, sexy and recognizable as "real"; (it was the tail of the sixties and all the characters played true). It was also the first "X" film to win the Oscar for best film of the year. Adapted (brilliantly) by Waldo Salt from a novel by James Leo Herlihy, it was probably the first American commercial film with a main flow to deal with "taboo" subjects such as homosexuality and drug use in a practical manner. Everyone is recognizably human, warts and all, and all are treated with understanding. Joe Buck of Voight is an innocent abroad, a Candide who comes to New York to try his luck as a braggart (a profession he considers fascinating and not shabby, it's a cross between a gigolo and a social worker). But when he himself is pushed by a grumpy little crook called 'Ratso' Rizzo, (Dustin Hoffman, fresh from "The Graduate" and he is a revelation), he realizes that maybe reality is a little different from the -dream pipe . <br /> <br /> Essentially it is a masculine love story, (even if totally platonic), between these two not so improbable bedfellows. Both totally alone, both totally needy, each becomes the protector of the other, (Voight with his physical ability, Hoffman with his street ability). They are misfits who move away from the mainstream, tolerant of their own peculiarities and the deviance of others. Although "straight" Voight is not beyond a homosexual encounter in a cinema on 42nd street with a boy even more alone than him. (The whole film has a strangely "Christian" attitude). It is also beautifully performed. While Voight and Hoffman hold the screen throughout the film there are superb cartoons like Brenda Vaccaro and Sylvia Miles, as well as John McGiver, Bob Balaban and Bernard Hughes as different clients and studies of small, well-defined characters that seem to transcend acting. while the direction of John Schlesinger gives the film the sensation of a documentary and a totally detached vision of the American under his belly without rancor and without criticism. In retrospect, maybe it's a great film after all.
