Horror is perhaps one of two genres in which logic does not always win over imagination. We all know that murderers like Freddy, Jason, Michael and even Leatherface should not be able to sustain the amount of pain they do and still live to fight another day. Most of us do not believe that zombies really rise from the dead to chase people and eat their brains. And we hope that at least some people will know that when you enter places like Funhouses and old mansions, those unspeakable crimes will not be perpetrated against them. This is where the imagination wins over the facts. Horror and most films in general require us to suspend disbelief for a couple of hours and follow the flow. This is usually not a problem when I look at the balls that jump down the stairs to George C. Scott or when I see an invisible force chasing three amateur filmmakers in the woods near Burketsville. But what I do has a problem digesting (without wanting to regurgitate) when a movie has a murderer like that in this movie. Giving away who the killer is would actually be a huge spoiler and take away the fun of watching it alone, but suffice it to say that I actually enjoyed this movie until the final scene when the killer was revealed. There are too many events in the film that transpires to show that the murderer is who he is. But the 90 minutes before this point is a well-made, suspenseful, blood-soaked film, directed with brio and skill by John Hough. If the film had offered me a different killer, I would be really excited. This may seem like an absolutely unpleasant reason to discredit the film, but believe me, anyone who has seen the film is almost certain to agree with me. John Cassevetes plays Dr. Sam Cordell. He and his daughter Jenny (beautifully played by Erin Flannery) have recently moved to this small New England town. Cordell is a recent widow and it is not clear how his wife died. We see several flashback scenes in which a mysterious woman (one can only assume she is his wife) is lying on the floor during a torrential downpour. His face is bloody and his eyes are closed. Once again, I'm not sure who this woman is and how relevant she is to the story, but she's there anyway. Cassevetes, it must be mentioned, is strange to say the least. Cordell is a loving father but his love for his daughter seems to be little more than just a parent. There are some scenes that suggest incestuous possibilities. It never comes to fruition but seems to be omnipotent, but somewhere just below the proverbial carpet. Fortunately, the film never really explores this element of the relationship, but makes you a little uncomfortable. <br /> <br /> Casevettes looks like a cross between the porn actor John Leslie and the big screen James Caan. He has a deceptive smile and a virile and dominant voice that makes you stand up and take notice. But it also seems that he is about to undress during a business lunch in every scene. He has just that slimy, deceitful, phlegmatic, uncomfortable way for him. It never really seems that this film can be trusted. I guess it's a credit to the writers, the director and to Cassevetes himself. There was always something that bothered me about his character from the beginning. <br /> <br /> The story begins with an excellent note as two lovers would be swimmers in the local quarry. There is an old rickety shed that passes and, as we can see, something or someone is watching them. When the young man disappears for a while from the truck, the young woman wanders into the shed, just to make a joke. Once it's there, it is attacked. The young man rushes into the shed to find her and is impaled with a board and nails. Hough carefully prepares us for the payment field when the young person arrives. He frantically looks at the room and sees his aspiring lover bleeding in the corner, and then I smack, the boy understands it. It is a very tense moment and the film begins with the correct note. <br /> <br /> Also, introduced in the intricate realm of a story, there is a young man named Tim who seems to have strange dreams of an anonymous woman who is tied up in a torture chamber surrounded by men with cloaks covering their faces. Tim seems to think that his dreams have something to do with the murders because every time a murder happens, he has another dream. Jump into a quiet and murky grandmother, a female prostitute reporter and a strong yet venal local sheriff and you have all the ingredients necessary to create the characteristics of a scam in the small town of Galen. <br /> <br /> In the whole film more people are massacred but most of the time the males are massacred with extreme prejudice and the females are raped. This is my first weak (and careful) attempt to tell you that this is what has left me unconvinced with the epilogue. It just didn't hit the right deal. <br /> <br /> The Incubus is a well-made film. He is tense, tense and even most of the performances are very well done. I was fascinated by the dreams Tim was having and I was anxious to find out what they meant to the story and ultimately to the murders. But when you go beyond all that was good in the film, you still have that sour taste in your mouth. And the bitter pills are always harder to swallow than the sweet ones. <br /> <br /> 7 out of 10 - This could have been a nine. Sin.
