If you ever have the chance to see Sandra Bernhard live in person, you'd better move gently. I saw her last year in Los Angeles at the inauguration of her Everything Bad and Beautiful tour and I still can't believe I'm in the front row, and lucky enough to experience such a phenomenal show. Now he is in New York with the show and coincides with the release of his revolutionary stunner, "Without You I'm Nothing". We lost Richard Pryor, Lenny Bruce, Nina Simone, but Sandra is still with us. Patti Smith is missing in action, but not Sandra. Barbara Streisand continues to peek her head once in a while, but Sandra compensates for the point where Babs leaves. Ok, I want to know, Mrs. Bernhard is a bit of these influential entertainers and more. I really wanted to push this film for its truth, honesty, humor, eclectic songs (ranging from Laura Nyro, Sylvester, Nina Simone, Prince), and a script that defines decadence, joy, sadness, the ups and downs of 70s and 80s. It is my opinion that many (and I mean, MANY) comics have been solved, okay completely stolen, so much from this show if not from Sandra herself. I won't mention names, but come on, people, you and I know who they are. See, the fact is that Bernhard plays by his rules. This film shows, as well as his live performances, that he is a performer who has remained faithful to the old school of entertainment, as well as pushing forward. His performances are reminiscent of the smoky jazz clubs (at the time of Miles Davis, Coltrane, Monk), the TV shows of the 70s, the intimate cabaret shows and concerts that all remember, from Judy Garland to Joan Jett. Most comedians are not even able to touch where Sandra is coming from or going. So, here I was, a year ago, looking at Sandra at the Silent Movie Theater, in total amazement and joy. I wanted to meet her after the show, give her something that meant something to me, which, hopefully, would mean something to her. But I listen to my copy of Giving Til it Hurts, and thank you only in a prayer, to make me laugh, make me think, make me HEAR. You can't deny the presence of this lady and you certainly can't deny the talent rushing from the stage. It's still here, dammit, even after the release of Without You I'm Nothing, about 15 years ago. By the way, it's beautiful. I know it in the first person, walking from the theater a member of the audience said to another: "IT'S SO FANTASTIC..and it still looks unbelievable !!! If you can't still live his experience, please watch this movie. I hope Sandra You will see this. You have meant a lot to me, you have made me go through some difficult and crazy moments. If you can send me an email, please, if not, knowing that you are still kicking it out and I will continue to do it, it is enough for me. Come on, people, forget it for the lady !!!!
