"Pet Sematary" is an adaptation of Stephen King's novel of the same title. The story follows the Creed - a middle-class American family who moves into a house in the country. The family is composed of Louis and Rachel, and their two young children, Ellie and their little son, Gage. The house could not be better, and the family meets a strange but friendly old man, Jud, who lives across the street. One day he leads them along an old path in the woods where a pet cemetery lies, filled with an enormous quantity of animal graves. And a little further on, there is a sacred Indian cemetery that seems to possess a strange power. When the family's cat, Church, is killed, Louis sees that it is suitable for burying him in the pet cemetery - and strangely, shortly afterwards, the Church comes back to life. But now there's something evil about him, it's not the same cat he used to be. And when a tragic accident takes the life of the young Gage, Louis decides to apply the same concept in the hope of reviving his dead son ... unfortunately, he gets more than he contracted. <br /> <br /> Having read King's Stephen novel, I can say that the book is much better than the film. Not to say that the film is bad, because it is not - the book is only a little better. The real strength of this film lies in its history, which is at the same time bizarre but extremely original, something for which the stories of King are generally known. The script is very well adapted to the plot and, although it differs somewhat in some aspects, it is a pretty good transformation from page to screen. There are some holes in the plot here and there, but nothing important. Beyond that, this movie is actually pretty scary and manages to do it. There are some really scary scenes throughout the film, and I should say that the flashback sequence of Rachel's sister, Zelda, is number one. Honestly, this is one of the most disgusting and disturbing things I've ever seen in a horror movie: it's not bloody and bloody, it's simply flat. One thing is certain, that image will not let you go soon. <br /> <br /> The performances of this film were all up to par and I had no problems. This movie is actually on the bloody side, there are a lot of nasty little sequences to please all the dirty dogs out there, including the most shocking of an ending. I really liked the way they finished the film, it was abrupt and a bit inconclusive, but it worked better this way with everything that's considered. <br /> <br /> Overall, "Pet Sematary" is a good horror film that I recommend to those who are fans of Stephen King or fans of the genre in general. History is the film's greatest asset and is also creepy. One of Stephen King's best adaptations I would say. 7/10.
