Louis Creed, a Chicago doctor, moves to a large house near a small town, as he is about to attend classes at the University of Maine. Together with him, his wife Rachel and their two children, Ellie and Gage, as well as Ellie's cat, Church. Soon, they met their new neighbor, and the old man named Judd Crandall. Judd not only warned Louis and Rachel of the danger that is the highway that passes in front of their home (which is always a way used by big trucks) but also shows the family a pet cemetery that is near their home. Judd starts talking about the importance of the pet cemetery, but Rachel is against talking about death and spirituality with her children, since she suffered trauma from the death of her sister Zelda. <br /> <br /> During the family's first week in the new house, Louis already has dead people to deal with: Victor Pascow, a student who was fatally injured in a car accident, personally addresses his last words to Louis, even though the two men are strangers. On the night after Pascow's death, Louis experiences what he believes is a very vivid dream in which he meets Pascow, who leads him to the pet cemetery and warns Louis not to "go further, no matter how much you feel you need". Louis wakes up in bed the next morning convinced that it was only a dream, until he discovers his feet and the sheets covered with earth and pine needles. However, he rejects the dream. Many strange things start to happen and Church, Ellie's cat, dies while walking on the highway. Louis remains concerned about how he will talk about the death of the Church with Ellie, but Judd, a sympathizer with him, takes Louis to the pet cemetery, presumably to bury the Church. But instead of stopping there, Jud leads Louis on a terrifying journey to "the real cemetery": an ancient cemetery that was once used by the Micmac ("... Indians ..."). There Louis buries the cat following Jud's instructions, with Jud saying that the animals buried there have come back to life. And this is where the real horror story begins ... <br /> <br /> I personally find this film very good. It's not THE most terrifying of all, but it's one of the best horror movies I've seen. The way Gage dies, it's almost impossible not to stay in your memory, especially being a small child. It's nice to see Stephen King's cameo as the minister of the funeral. <br /> <br /> Of course, there are some script errors: how can a rich doctor with two small children go and live in a place where there is a dangerous road near his house? How does Gage have no scratches or anything after being hit by a truck? Why does Louis continue to resurrect every member of his family knowing that everyone will remain as monsters? Things like that don't make any sense, but I can understand that all horror scripts must have some surreal ideas to work. <br /> <br /> A good thing I saw in this film is the need to talk about death with children, no matter what your religion is or if you are an atheist, and also that avoiding important topics does not help nothing. Due to the fact that Louis was afraid of being honest with Ellie, facing her and saying that his cat would not return, the whole nightmare began.
