In the section dedicated to Pet Sematary, reference is made to George Romero (the director of two stories by Stephen King, Creepshow and The Dark Half) which he was to direct and then extract. One wonders what it would have brought to the film, as the director Mary Lambert, even if it is not really a bad director, does not really bring much imagination to this adaptation of the novel of King, of which he wrote the script. There are obviously some very effective, grotesque and surreal scenes (mainly involving Sister Zelda, probably more of a creepy thing for children if they see the movie), and the casting in some of the roles is perfect. But sometimes something seems to be missing, a sort of style that could correspond with the unmistakable atmosphere of King, which in this case is as morbid as it will be without incestuous cannabis that rises from the tombs thrown in (who knows if he will save it for the his latest novel ...) <br /> <br /> As already mentioned, some of the castings are fantastic, in particular Miko Hughes in the role of Gage Creed, the little boy who goes from being one of the cute kids to the side of a 80s horror film, to be a little monster (I say this as a compliment, of course, especially in the scenes that wield a certain scalpel). And there's also a juicy supporting role for Fred Gwynne of the Munsters, who plays this old, reserved man with the right under-playing and doom in the tone notes. And the applause goes to anyone who rigged Andrew Hubatsek. But there are other defects in the other casting; Dale Midkiff is good, not exceptional, like the confused and disturbed figure of his father, Creed, and his daughter Ellie is played by an actress who didn't work for me at all. <br /> <br /> In terms of creation some chilling sets, just a couple really clumps: a certain moment of thickening of the plot (not to spoil, involves a song by Ramones), and the first visit to the animal's seminar domestic (the largest), including the sort of mystical subtleties that the king had in splendor. For the most part it is a very refined work of directing, although it may have been made even darker to match the script. If thought in logical terms (even if in re terms) it is really one of his most effective works of the period. But do not add up as it could, or should. Anyway, it's a good midnight movie.
