The Ring was made from the only script written by Hitchcock and treats, as many of his early images do, with a love triangle. At first glance, it seems a more cynical update of Cecil B. De Mille's infidelity-related morality comedies, but more than anything else is Hitchcock's first truly competent image. Even though he wasn't yet using suspenseful thriller ideas and motives, he was at least developing the tools to create suspense. <br /> <br /> In addition to being a student of the German expressionist style, Sergei Eisenstein's rhythmic style of editing had an impact on Hitchcock. But here it keeps pace not only with the changes but with the content of the images. This is evident from the opening strokes, where the rotating carousels turn brilliantly and establish a regular rhythm. And like Eisenstein, does the style of editing seem to suggest the sound ?? for example when a second shot of the ringer is taken, almost unconsciously we hear the sound because the image is so strong. <br /> <br /> There is also a contrast, particularly with silent films from the United States, as The Ring is not cluttered with too many titles. As much as possible is transmitted by the images, and Hitch has enough confidence in the audience to read the lips or at least deduce the meaning of most of the characters' discourse. And it is not made up of invented symbolism or exaggeration, everything is achieved by obtaining the right angles and the right timing, in particular with the shots of the point of view, as well as some strong but subtle performances. Unfortunately there are too many obvious expressionist devices (especially double exposures), many of which are unnecessary, but there are many fewer than in The Lodger. <br /> <br /> We make some honorable mentions for the above actors. First, Carl Brisson, extraordinarily beautiful and very talented, is the protagonist. Despite his talent, at first I was a little confused as to why he got the role, and to be honest he looks more like a dancer than a boxer! But this only shows how much I know, given that Brisson was actually a former professional boxer and inexperienced in acting. To interpret his rival is the competent Ian Hunter, who would have continued a long career in supporting roles until the 1960s. The most challenging role in The Ring must be the one given to Lillian Hall-Davis, fought between two lovers. He still pulls it very well with an emotional and sober performance, and it's a shame that his career never lasted in the age of sound. And last but not least, the great Gordon Harker offers some comic relief in what is probably his best role ever. <br /> <br /> The climate fight scene of the Ring is among the most impressive moments of Hitchcock's silent era. Perhaps Martin Scorcese had his eye on The Ring when he directed the fighting scenes in Raging Bull, as his watchword for these scenes was "Stay inside the ring". The fight in The Ring begins with some fairly regular long strokes, but when the action intensifies, Hitchcock lets us fall in the middle of it, with close-ups and shots of point of view. Hitchcock's goal seems to have always been to engage his audience, and this was crucial in his later career where the secret of his success was often to immerse the viewer in fear or paranoia of the character. <br /> <br /> The Ring really deserves more recognition than the lower, but better known, The Lodger. It is a much more refined and professional work than the previous photo, and probably the best of all its silent features.
