I consider myself the number 1 fan of Hidden Frontier, since I am among a small group of fans who met most of these guys - well, not to mention the conventions, of course. I've been watching Hidden Frontier since 2001, and I have to say that I continue to be impressed by what these guys invented. <br /> <br /> Hidden Frontier is the brainchild of Rob Caves and his self-taught studio, Areakt Pictures, which operates outside the back of his home. While not "imaginative" like, for example, the New Voyages series (which sometimes gets some of the actors / writers of the original series, such as Walter Koenig, aka Mr. Chekov), Rob and the cast and crew of HF manage to create a series worthy of replacing the terrible experiment we called "Enterprise". The most controversial and successful narrative arc was the introduction of the first openly gay Star Trek character, Corey Aster (who was presented in season two), and his quest to find a soul mate. Somewhere in the series, he meets Jorian Zen, the Excelsior helm officer. In the lines of recent history with these two characters (WARNING: MAJOR SPOILER! Don't read if you haven't seen the series up to this point!), Zen is joined to an exiled symbiont, causing a great deal of change and some conflict in his relationship with Aster. Although the future is uncertain, given that the most recent episode, "Beachhead", has just been shown to HF fans in last night's chat room - I think this report will last, but only time will tell. <br /> <br /> Gene Roddenberry created Star Trek with the intention that the story is more about his characters than the big space battles. Rob Caves created Hidden Frontier for the same reason - and that's what made this series so popular. As the previous comment stated, I wish I could give a rating above 10, but it will have to be sufficient. Although next season will be the last one - keeping the tradition of seven seasonal performances started by Star Trek: The Next Generation - I'm willing to bet that we'll hear a lot about Hidden Frontier after that final episode.
