As a fan of writer John le Carré, I slowly worked on both his books and on their adaptations. I found this 1987 adaptation of Le Carré's masterpiece in my local library and sat looking at it thinking I would know what to expect. I was surprised to find that my expectations were exceeded in this miniseries, a nice cross between a spy thriller and a human drama. <br /> <br /> Peter Egan gives a great performance as Magnus Pym, the perfect title light. Continuing in the long tradition of the strong main characters of Le Carré, Pym is also probably the best. Egan interprets Pym (which actually contains many nuances of the author the Carre) as a man forced to spend his whole life lying and cheating sometimes out of the circumstances and other times just to survive with the consequence of him becoming "a perfect spy ". Egan interprets Pym to perfection as a man always on the run, if not from others then from himself. Egan alone makes the six or more hours of this miniseries worth seeing from his solo performance. <br /> <br /> Surronding Egan is a fantastic support cast. Ray McAnally offers one of his best performances as Pym's crook father, Rick, who (as Carre said) relies heavily on the author's father. McAnally plays a man who comes and goes from Pym's life and is one of Pym's managers who becomes "a perfect spy". In fact, had it not been for McAnally's performance a year later in A Very British Coup this would have been the best performance of his sadly too short career. <br /> <br /> The rest of the support is also excellent. From Caroline John as Pym's mother to Alan Howard as a spy mentor to Rüdiger Weigang when Pym's young friend turned the controller into Jane Booker as Pym's wife, the supporting cast is fantastic. A special mention should be made of the three young actors who played the young Pym (Jonathan Haley, Nicholas Haley and Benedict Taylor) who establish the young man who would become the man played so well by Peter Egan. <br /> <br /> Even the production values ​​of the miniseries are strong. Like the miniseries adaptations of Tinker, Tailor, Soldier, Spy and Smiley's People have shown that these stories can only be told in miniseries. The locations are excellent from the English locations to those scattered throughout Eastern Europe and the United States like the sets by Chris Edwards. Elmer Cossey's cinematography adds another level of realism to the miniseries world. Yet the highlight of the miniseries is precisely the script. <br /> <br /> Screenwriter Arthur Hopcraft tackled the work of adapting the six hundred pages of the novel in an excellent way. The novel was largely (at least in its earliest parts) autobiographical in that Pym's early life echoed much of John le Carre's life. The script of this miniseries is no exception as it traces the development of Magnus Pym as a boy to "a perfect spy". Never once did the miniseries deviate from its purpose of telling a beautiful human drama in the context of the espionage world. If one ever wants proof that a spy thriller can be tense and fascinating without ever having a gunfight, punching or hunting for James Bond-style cars, that would be the proof. Even if the miniseries lasts more than six hours, it never loses a moment and is even better for it. <br /> <br /> Although it may be too long for some for those who do not have very short attention here is a must see. From performances by Peter Egan and Ray McAnally to fine production values ​​and a fine literary script, A Perfect Spy is one of the most beautiful miniseries that he can expect to see. It is a fascinating journey into the history of the Cold War, but it is more than anything else. It is also a journey in which John le Carré defined "the secret path": the path of the spy the man who must lie and betray in order to survive. So don't miss a human drama like a spy thriller A Perfect Spy.
