One of Tarzan's best films is also one of his action-packed (and graphic) films. After about a year Tarzan the Ape Man, Holt of Niel Hamilton asked a rich friend to finance a safari to the elephant cemetery to collect ivory. His friend also arrives wearing clothes and perfumes that Holt hopes to use to recapture Jane from Tarzan. Before they can leave Holt finds his stolen map and becomes a mad rush to try to capture a competing expedition. When they finally overcome the thieves, they find the whole group dead and surround themselves. They have no choice but to fight their way out and soon discover that they are out of the pan and in the fire. Eventually Tarzan and Jane arrive and everyone is still on adventures. <br /> <br /> The infamous film was heavily censored to reduce graphic violence (its graphics even by today's standards, it would probably get a PG 13) and to remove any hint of nudity, (there is a several minutes long naked swim scene involving Jane who is completely frontal in her nakedness, has only recently been restored). It is clear when looking at the restored version because this film was reduced by 20 minutes in its TV running time. As it is in its restored version, this is a very adult film that is romantic, moving, full of action and everything that should be a movie. It's an incredible film of almost all standards. The best thing is the kind of movie that plays well both as an independent adventure, you don't need to have seen the first movie enjoy it, but it is also a film that delves into the characters and themes that were created in that original film. It's a fantastic thing. <br /> <br /> I really like this movie. <br /> <br /> If there are flaws in the film, perhaps the film has not aged well. The back screen is often very obvious, there are gorilla clothes for many of the monkeys and some of the other effects are more bizarre rather than convincing. However, at almost all other levels this film is top notch. You really owe it to yourself to see it. Prepare a large bowl of popcorn and curl up on the couch and let yourself drift off at a simpler time. This is one of the great adventures.
