I have the whole series of Weissmuller Tarzan on DVD (completely restored editions) and I will never get tired of watching them. My favorite is "Tarzan and His Mate", entirely (almost entirely) due to the costume of Maureen O'Sullivan and the occasional flashes of her genital area under that flap of skin hanging in front. Before someone claims that A - It wasn't really her, or B - It wasn't really what it seems, let me say that I watched it several times, in high zoom mode, and trust me ... it's her, And she's completely naked under that costume ... several times, especially during the lion's attack at the end, careful slow-motion viewing and maximum zoom will reveal that it has been shaved except for a tiny patch of dark hair covering his lips .. There is no mistake in this regard. As for the swimming scene, a double body in a "leather" suit, yes, it is a double, BUT it does NOT wear a "leather" dress or other ... still, the slow movement and the maximum zoom show everything to those who wants to see it. Now, aside from the controversy, let's move on to the real movie ... I thought the script was really well thought out and well written ... The action sequences were just fantastic, even though obviously it's a stuntman who leads the rhino, Weissmuller actually fights the great male lion ... The use of background shots that were second units from Africa is very well combined with study and location in the United States, sometimes making it difficult to figure out what it is. Don't complain too much though, remember that 90% of ALL movies are fake, so relax and enjoy the damn thing with a big bowl of popcorn, a cold beer and a new pack of fumes ... a sexy and girl / wife willing is not out of her mind ... lol. Oh ... A final word on nudity ... at the beginning, while white hunters talk like dialogues, keep your eyes on the background extras ... there are several good shots of naked African girls (obviously filmed on site) behind them. Another thing, the film is not racist by the standards of the 30s until the 60s ... that's how people of color were thought and painted then. At that time, Shaft had not even been thought of, nor would the public accept any other portrait of them at the time of the story. The safaris actually served the natives with luggage on their heads ... and the character of Tiny died of a heroic death trying to save the white hunters and Jane. In fact, it wasn't until Gene Autry treated the Native Americans and the colorful people of his Westerners as real human beings that Hollywood started to see that it was right to do it.
