Tarzan and his companion (1934) was the only Tarzan film I did not see as a child. It seemed boring. I've seen it now. I saw the monkey man (1932) about a hundred times and I keep a copy on my record. It's an extraordinary film. It's almost flawless. Tarzan and his companion (1934), however, falters. It is not harmonious and its parts tend to live a life of their own. The parts themselves are often very good and the action sequences are fantastic. Big expensive budget. Tarzan himself is a co-protagonist. Jane dominates. She developed and became a jungle girl so sexy that I tend to forget criticism and instead sing her praises. Well. He let her be fooled by a shard who gave her a kiss and then killed an elephant. Tarzan insists on carrying a bracelet that belonged to his father. Forever. The thing would be broken when he went around his jungle exploits. Stupid? Later someone finds him in the river. Well, he should prove Tarzan dead. Some economic drama. The crocks that have an obvious interest in a dead tarzan convince Jane that he's gone. He takes their words for granted and wants to be taken away (to England). Stupid Jane seems to have forgotten how difficult Tarzan is, how hard it is to kill. The caravan is leaving and Jane goes on. A hole again. He could easily rest the trailer for a few hours or more, take some things and say goodbye to the jungle and his late husband. You could be smart. He could dive where they found the floating bracelet, check for tracks. He can fire in 15 seconds and swing into Liana's. Collecting tracks shouldn't be too difficult for Jungle Jane. He could talk to monkeys and so on. If she were to return home to England without having done so, she would have become unhappy. Jane is smart, but the economic drama brings her down. And why the hell is making the rapist's kiss escape: "I blame you as much as you". A punishment perhaps for being a weathervane? Nonsense. Struggling, a hard slap and telling Tarzan would be appropriate. Yet. This film is far from bad, even if the holes are many and sometimes deep. Simply relax and enjoy. It is Tarzan and Jane for God's sake.
