This beautifully direct fantasy is the second in the popular defective Tarzan series staged by MGM. It's a first-class adventure for many reasons, I suggest - fine photography, strong imaginative qualities, a delightful cast, good settings in the simulated jungle and a very exciting storyline. Johnny Weissmuller plays Tarzan, an unorganized mono-syllabic type unlike the creation of Edgar Rice Burroughs; but he is honest, loyal, courageous and very brave, and needs to be during this narrative. Like Jane Parker, his wife who had been Jane Porter in the novels, Maureen O'Sullivan is very attractive and lively, as well as being athletic where the script requires that quality. The lighting effect, the large and smart sets is quite unusual. This is an outdoor adventure shot on the MGM back-lot that really works. Mutir's fabulous Escarpment is a remote place that allows Tarzan and Jane to live undisturbed; but in their idyll people come looking for them, emissaries of a civilization that Jane has left behind and where Tarzan could not really be comfortably used. One is Harry Holt, still in love with her, who with his friend tries to return to civilization with him; her dress and perfumes interest her, but she refuses to leave Tarzan. Tarzan must protect her against various wild animals, in scenes that resemble a humanized King King. The group claims to want to hunt animals, and Tarzan agrees for Jane's sake to a little big game trap; but at some point, the idea of ​​ivory and getting a fortune turns the minds of the expedition heads. Tarzan is hit, left for dead; and the group forces Jane to accompany them on an expedition as they follow a dying elephant in the fabulous "cemetery of the elephants". But they find the area guarded by a wild tribe and are attacked by lions. Tarzan rides an elephant he has revived in time to call; in a spectacular scene full of elephants, she saves Jane and what remains of the expedition, which returns home a little richer but very wise, while Jane continues her wild idyll with her new husband. The film was directed by the set-design wizard Cedric Gibbons, and also very beautiful. His work and lighting are the extraordinary achievements of this funny and exciting film, which manages to seem real despite all its Hollywood shortcomings from beginning to end. Neil Hamilton is a great Harry, Paul Cavanagh is even better before and later turns out to be completely bad. Forrester Harvey and Nathan Curry complete a very professional cast. An unusual and well-made fantasy film with interesting situations and some strong dialogic dialogues. Recommended.
