"Tarzan and His Mate", the second of the MGM paintings on Tarzan, resumes one year after the events of "Tarzan the Ape Man". Tarzan and Jane lived happily in the jungle, and Harry Holt (one of the first film's dispatchers) returns, this time accompanied by the less respectable Martin Arlington, to the search for ivory from the elephant cemetery. Of course, a series of perilous and exciting adventures take place along the way. <br /> <br /> The first film romanticized everything: jungle, adventure, romance, wild animals and even death. The second film still has a lot of romance and a lot of wonderful action sequences, but a more serious tone is the basis of the action. The characters dare to ask questions like: what happens if something happened to Tarzan? What would Jane do if she was stuck alone in the middle of the jungle and she had to take care of herself? While these are probably the questions that real people ask in this situation, they create a certain amount of sadness that is not always as fun as the attitude of attention to the wind of the original. <br /> <br /> One of the most enjoyable aspects of this film is the growth we see in the relationship between Tarzan and Jane. Tarzan still speaks very broken English, but he has clearly learned some new words from his partner. Furthermore, their mutual love has really blossomed and we have the feeling that they spent a year together in the jungle. <br /> <br /> Most people consider "Tarzan and his companion" superior to the original "Tarzan the Ape Man". Personally, I liked the first film a little better. The main reason is that the relationship between the Harry Holt and Martin Arlington team is not as pleasant as Holt's relationship with James Parker (Jane's father) from the original. Mr. Arlington's character could have functioned as a big movie villain, but plays the hero for much of the film. The film can never decide whether we like it or hate it. (Also, I don't want to reveal anything, but in one of the scenes where we should clearly hate him, Jane never finds out about those events, so the ending is not as satisfying as it could have been.) All these detractors are relatively minor, however, and it is still a great movie. <br /> <br /> Like the first film, "Tarzan and His Mate" has extraordinary action scenes, wonderful wildlife footage and one of the greatest novels of all time. If you enjoyed the first film in the series, this is definitely a sequel to see.
