The murder of Ruth Snyder - Judd Gray in 1927 inspired Ogden Nash to write a Broadway play called Machinal. More famously, he inspired James M. Cain to write two short novels to which anyone who has actually reached the point where they are reading this review would be familiar with - Double Indemnity and The Postman Always Rings Twice. Both have become classics of the 40s noir cinema, the Double Indemnity is probably the best noir ever made. Some of the real elements of the Snyder-Gray story have been captured by Cain - Albert Gray's old age and indifference, Ruth's high sexual desire, Ruth and Judd's passionate relationship and complicity in murder and the famous one famous double indemnity insurance clause. Among the missing elements was the fact that the real setting was a very urban Manhattan - Albert Snyder was a respected newspaper publisher. Even the numerous incompetent and failed attempts have been ignored to be cut. <br /> <br /> Cain's double allowance was filmed perfectly by Billy Wilder - we ignore Stanwyck's ridiculous wig as one of those interesting incidents in the film tradition! The Postman Always Rings Twice, however, was filmed three times and Ossessione, an Italian version and Luchino Visconti's first film, was the first of three versions. Before commenting on it, I will recommend Lana Turner - John Garfield's 1946 version in its entirety and five minutes of Jack Nicholson's 1981 version - Jessica Lange for the big sex scene on the dining table. <br /> <br /> Obsession is not as bizarre as The Postman always sounds twice. It has a strong neo-realist appearance that makes it a great film, but many of the essential noir elements are missing. It has no low-key lighting and unconventional camera angles. The dialogue is not hard-boiled and instead the film focuses more on characterization. This is the longest version of the story and deepens the characterization. It is also much more sexual than Lana Turner's version. We have a very obvious adulterous relationship and Giovanna is obviously a nymphomaniac. A new character is introduced in the story - La Spagnola - with very obvious homosexual tones. There is also a small but well-played role for a dancer who lights up like a prostitute. <br /> <br /> This is a much larger study of the working class than of crime. The public really has the feeling of poverty and filth. The tramp is a complete tramp, his wife is not Lana Turner and she may even have been a prostitute before marriage. Her husband is an obscene capitalist, obese, rude and arrogant. I think the casting was brilliant for this movie. My only beef is too long. Everything is extracted too long and would have been more effective if it had been cheaper. However, fans of noir and realism will surely appreciate Obsession, as I did.
