With Iphigenia, Mikhali Cacoyannis is perhaps the first director to have successfully brought the feeling of ancient Greek theater to the screen. His own screenplay, an adaptation of the tragedy by Euripide, was far from easy, compared to that of the other two films in the trilogy he directed. The story has been carefully deconstructed from Euripides' version and placed in a logical, rigorously chronological framework, conforming to the modern methods of cinematographic narrative. Cacoyannis also added some characters to his film that do not appear in the tragedy of Euripides: Odysseus, Calchi and the army. This was done to clarify some points of Euripides concerning war, the Church and the government. Finally, the final of Iphigenia of Cacoyannis is somewhat ambiguous with respect to that of Euripides. The film was shot on location in Aulis. The director of photography, Giorgos Arvanitis, shows us a harsh but beautiful Greece, where time seems to have stopped since Homeric times. Take advantage of bodies, dry land, ruins, intense light and darkness. The hardness of the landscape is particularly suitable for the souls of the characters. The camera uses the entire range of shots available, from the long duration, strengthening the vastness and desolation of the landscape, as well as the human scale involved, up to the extreme close-ups, cutting and probing deep into the soul of the tormented characters. In particular, the opening of the film, with an audacious and accelerated roundup along a row of stranded boats, followed by an aerial view of the many thousands of soldiers lying idle on the beach, is a very effective means of communicating the extraordinary political and military of Agamemnon responsibility. <br /> <br /> No word, but "sublime" can describe the extraordinary performances of Costa Kazakos (Agamemnon), Irene Papas (Clytemnestra) and Tatiana Papamoschou (Iphigenia). Kazakos and Papas embody the sublimity of the classical Greek tragedy. The character of Kazakos is extremely simple, and his powerful gaze into the camera, more than his words, reveals the incredible torment that tears his soul. Irene Papas is the modern quintessence of classic Greek games. In Iphigenia, she is terrible in her anguish, and even more so for what we know will be her revenge. Tatiana Papamoskou, in her first on-screen role, is exceptional in her portrayal of innocent, which contrasts with the austere description of her father, Agamemnon. <br /> <br /> Cacoyannis is loyal to Euripides in his portrayal of the other characters: Odysseus is a shrewd and intriguing politician, Achilles, a vain narcissistic warrior, Menalaus is self-centered, obsessed with his honor, eager to get revenge and get back wife and property. <br /> <br /> The costumes and sets are realistic: no Hollywood there. Agamemnon's lodgings resemble a barn, dresses, as others do, with simple, handmade, simple clothes. The royal caravan of Clytemnestra consists of rough wooden carts. <br /> <br /> The music is by the prolific contemporary music composer Mikis Theodorakis. Theodorakis soundtrack intensifies the dramatic and cinematographic unfolding, reflects on the psychological aspect of the tragedy and accentuates its dimensions and its relevance. <br /> <br /> This film and the story it tells offer an in-depth view of the lost world of ancient Greek thought was the melting pot of much of our modern civilization. It teaches us a lot about ourselves as individuals and as social and political creatures. Euripides questions the value of war and patriotism when it is measured against the simple virtues of family and love, and reflects on the vulnerable position of women in a world of virile violence. In his adaptation of the tragedy of Euripides, Cacoyannis revisits all these themes in a modern, clear and dramatic way. <br /> <br /> The relations that govern political machinations are clearly demonstrated: war corrupts and destroys the human soul in such a way that neither the individual nor the group can function normally longer. With the possible exception of Menelaus, whose honor has been tarnished by the escape of his own wife with his lover, all the others have their own personal motivation to go to war with Troy, which has nothing to do with Helen: the thirst for power (Agamemnon), greed (the army, Odysseus), or glory (Achilles). And so in a sense, Helen became the ADM of the Trojan War. The war, stripped of all Homeric glamor and religious sanctions, was only an imperialist enterprise, spurred mainly by the desire for material gain, all the rest was a convenient pretext. <br /> <br /> Another conflict raised in the film is that between the Church and the State. Calchas, who represents the Church, feeling the challenge to his priestly authority and wishing to destroy Agamemnon for the insult to the serving Goddess, tells him to sacrifice his daughter. By allowing sacrifice, the king approaches his moral ruin, but in refusing, he loses his power over the masses (his army), who are brainwashed by religion. Of course, for Agamemnon, it's a game. The king must follow the charade if he honestly believes in the gods or not, until he realizes, too late, that he has taken control of committing a contemptible word of mouth. <br /> <br /> Is it a sacrifice or a murder, and how can we tell the difference between the two? Focusing on the violent and primitive horror of a human sacrifice - and, even worse, on the sacrifice of his own son - Euripide / Cacoyannis creates a drama that is at the same time profoundly political and anguished. It is a very complex and delicate ethical problem that afflicts any society: the disastrous conflict between the needs of the individual and those of society. In the case of Iphigenia, however, as in the biblical story of Abraham and Isaac, the father is asked to kill his own son with his own hand. What kind of God will insist on this payment? Can it be right or moral, even if divinely inspired? Finally, does the daughter's sacrificial death differ from the death of all the sons and daughters who are sent to war? These are many deep questions raised by a two-hour movie.
