This film is a parody of the novel by James Cain, THE POSTMAN ALWAYS RINGING TWICE. Apparently, the director and producer never bothered to pay the fees for this story - perhaps the fact that we were in the midst of fighting Italians in World War II could explain the fact that they forgot to take rights into consideration copyright! Despite this, the film is not just an Italian version of the Hollywood film. In a sense it is much better and, in other words, it is not at all. <br /> <br /> The three main characters in this film are really bad people. In fact, male and female lovers are a bit icky. The male protagonist is quite ordinary except for his deep body hair (particularly on his back and shoulders) and his beloved is, to put it frankly, unattractive. They are very, very far from Lana Turner and John Garfield in the Hollywood version. And the unlucky husband is really, really obese and loves walking without a shirt - and his counterpart in the American film, Cecil Kellaway is definitely more beautiful (and probably more beautiful than the other two Italian protagonists, actually). And this inactivity is generally a reason why I preferred the Italian film - since I couldn't imagine a finely combed "dish" like Lana Turner in the middle of nowhere married to Kellaway - I'm 100% sure she would have had dozens best! Instead, the Italian wife might NOT have been able to do much better and this made the wedding really believable. <br /> <br /> Part of the credibility of the Italian film derives from the frank way in which it manages sex. The sterilized American movie tries to make you believe that even though Turner and Garfield kill Kellaway, they never get to have sex! This is quite silly and totally unrealistic. In addition to the casual sexuality of the film, it is also quite informal in showing the dark side of life - with many sweaty people, a strip of fly hanging over the kitchen table and everyone seemed to need a bathroom. <br /> <br /> The film is also quite fast compared to the very long American film. And what you get because of the brevity is not all good. The film lacks much of the American film's style and smoothness - with more detailed movies, relatively mediocre orchestrations and sets. Not a pretty movie, but the neorealistic style makes the film more realistic. But it can't compensate for the shortcuts in the plot. Many of the plot elements in the next American version are missing or completely ignored. And the ending seems much less interesting than the American film - and the whole dilemma of human nature is missing when Turner and Garfield light up each other like rats (the best part of the American film). <br /> <br /> So what's the best movie? Well, it probably depends on you. As for me, the Warner Brothers movie was simply too polished and too unrealistic (although many like this style and may not like watching subtitle movies) - but it was a fantastic ending. And the Italian film was much, much more realistic - until the disgusting finale that seemed too rushed. So neither film is exactly great, but I would give my assent to the Italian one a little better. Too bad they couldn't have combined the best elements of both films into an exceptional film.
