The release of TARZAN THE APE MAN, in 1932, caused a sensation. It may be hard to believe 70 years later, but the film had the same kind of impact as THE MATRIX, or THE LORD OF THE RINGS, in an age where movies and radio were the main sources of entertainment. Tarzan became an instant icon of pop, the "noble savage" that every woman fantasized and every man wanted to be. The only dissatisfied person in the situation was Edgar Rice Burroughs, who, while agreeing with the creative freedoms of MGM, and enjoying his heavy royalty payments, heard the "muffled" version of his character (with no plans to allow him to do it). grow ') was unfaithful to his vision (he would start a production company, and soon he would make his films' Tarzan'). MGM, understanding the value of its new 'star', knew that the sequel should have been even more spectacular than the original ... and TARZAN AND ITS COMPANION delivered! <br /> <br /> The film had an interesting story; Cedric Gibbons, the legendary Art Director of MGM, had taken the commitment from the studio to direct the sequel, before the release of TARZAN THE APE MAN, despite the fact that he had never directed it before (the studio had not foreseen the impact of the film and I did not think that a novice director would have played an important role in a "novelty" film ... and they wanted to keep their Oscar-winning department head happy. Gibbons, a visually talented and imaginative artist, loved the freedom of pre-Code Hollywood, and decided to bring TARZAN and HIS MATE to 'push the envelope' to the limit ... Tarzan and Jane enjoyed swimming naked, and Jane would appear TOPLESS through most of the film. Maureen O'Sullivan said in an interview shortly before her death in 1998 that while a double was used for swimming, she trusted the studio, and did "a couple of days" of filming on TV ... but it became too much of the headache trying to strategically position plants and fruit to block its nipples, and the idea was abandoned (the film shot in those days would have been worth a fortune!) He made a scene of naked silhouette in a tent, he flaunted her breasts at the end of his "swim", and wore a revisited costume of the "jungle" that was extremely provocative, very thin and open on the sides ... and the consequent outcry would help "create" the Hays Office, and the self-censorship that soon would have swallowed up the entire industry. <br /> <br /> MGM tore Gibbons from production (the "official" motivation was his workload as an Art Director), and veteran Jack Conway was listed as the new director, to appease the critics ... also if James C. McKay directed the film, given that Conway was engaged in 3 other projects including VIVA VILLA! <br /> <br /> The film incorporates the best elements of the original (safaris, killer tribes, Tarzan who fights jungle beasts to the death to save Jane), and actually improves the narrative. Harry Holt (Neil Hamilton), from the first film, returns to Africa for the ivory of the "Cemetery of the Elephants", and to try to seduce Jane on her return to England, with gifts of silk dresses, underwear and perfume. Bring Martin Arlington (Paul Cavanagh), bully and callous womanizer, who laughs at Jane's chivalrous quest for Holt, and pursues her as a potential "conquest", to be had by any means (including killing Tarzan, if and when she can get away without being seen). Tarzan barely tolerates the intrusion into his happy life with Jane, and puts his foot down, refusing to allow the hunters to enter the Cemetery. Arlington finds his chance, capturing the Bee Man alone, and shoots him, then returns to the field with a fictional story of his disappearance. Now Jane has no reason to stay in the jungle, and she can direct them to the Cemetery, before her long journey back to England, comforted by the loving Arlington. But a savage tribe and horrible tortures await the group ... Can Tarzan be healed in health by his "family" of monkeys, recover in time to save Jane? <br /> <br /> While the repertoire material is still widely used, the racial stereotypes of the 1930s are evident, and the gorillas are obviously actors in monkey suits, TARZAN AND ITS MATE reaches a level of unsurpassed sophistication in any other Tarzan film, as well as a sensuality that even TarZan patently erotic of Bo Derek, THE APE MAN could not touch. Johnny Weissmuller was in optimal condition, physically, Maureen O'Sullivan has never been more beautiful, and "Africa" ​​has never seemed more romantic and dangerous. <br /> <br /> TARZAN AND ITS MATE was a triumph (although it would have been drastically modified for many years), and remains the classic of the series, to date!
