Well, I had heard somewhere that Ossessione is a precursor of the Italian film genre, and in particular my favorite, the "Giallo" ... but in reality, apart from the fact that it is a thriller that was made in Italy; the two have virtually no relationship. In the 1960s and 1970s, Italian filmmakers would build a reputation for ripping off almost every successful American film released. They didn't do it here, but Ossessione follows almost the exact same story as the next American film "The Postman Always Rings Twice", without giving the book's registry office, James M. Cain, any merit! However, the plot focuses on Gino Costa, a charming wanderer who, by chance, runs into a cafe where a woman named Giovanna Bragana works. He soon discovers that he is married to Giuseppe; a fat and annoying man, whom Giovanna cannot bear to have even touched her. He wants the couple of them to run off together, but he is not so enthusiastic about the idea. However, fate ends up intervening and his plan to assassinate her husband succeeds ... <br /> <br /> Despite the fact that the film loses credibility for not having believed the author whose story is based , it must be said that the director Luchino Visconti implements the film noir well, and in a sense I even prefer the atmosphere of this film to some of the greatest American classic noir. The story is, as you would expect, extremely strong and Visconti manages to extract good performances from his cast. Visconti drags the film a little too much, however, and with a running time of almost 135 minutes, I felt that the story was too thin to justify this type of length. I feel almost guilty for having leveled all these criticisms at Ossessione because it's a good movie, but it's not a big movie. The relationship between the two central characters has never been explored correctly, and it seems that the film is wiser to distract us from it than to let us enter the heads of the characters. There is not much mystery in the plot since we almost always know what is happening, and it does not always focus on the characters themselves; the film is not as interesting as it could have been. Still, it makes an interesting view and is recommended for this reason ... although it is not as good as the 1946 version of the same classic by James M. Cain.
