When people nowadays hear about a 1940s drama, they usually seem to create a distance from irony by claiming that it is another tear-jerker with big stars as tragic and melancholy roles. This opinion, however, does not resemble neorealist films, in particular that directed by Count Luchino Visconti. OBSESSION as its debut once censored and a time dear as almost a realistic masterpiece is still loved by some people and strongly criticized by others. The contradictory opinions on the films that appeared in these 65 years seem to have been caused by the content of the film itself, exceptionally controversial both for modern times and for the past. At the same time, despite being based on the novel by James M. Cain, THE POSTMAN ALWAYS RINGS TWICE, is one of the most genuine screen adaptations in which the director remains his style, his vision, his art. I saw the film twice and the second vision led me to a very detailed part of the analysis that I would like to include below. <br /> <br /> First, Visconti's film seems to touch all the psychology and actions that people could do in life, especially those absorbed by desire. These people make such tragic decisions despite the terrible consequences they face. Gino (Massimo Girotti) a traveler with "bear like shoulders" turns at the junction of a motorway near Ferrara and enters the tavern. Although many people go there for lunch, Gino happens to get something more - much more: the tireless desire of the beautiful Giovanna (Clara Calamai) a woman already married to an elderly man who runs the bar, Mr. Giuseppe Bragana (Juan De Landa). His body and his song have his mind totally and from the moment of their first love, the couple intends to get rid of the old obstacle and build a new life together ... However, people are tied to the wrong actions in front of the wish? Can you build love with murder? What is love and what is loyalty? Does desire lead to a dangerous addiction or even obsession? Such questions arise intensely as you watch the film, when, in the center, the viewer is provided with an overview of the characters. "We must love each other affectionately", replies Giovanna, apparently giving a cure to all the weeping conscience, but can the eager love justify and cure everything? "It's not what we both wanted," says one of the couples ... it just so happens that it isn't. Therefore, the content of the film seems to be very dangerous if not analyzed with the intellect and the heart. However, it remains constantly challenging. <br /> <br /> Secondly, OSSESSION has a very strong point that speaks to modern viewers: brilliant moments and wonderful cinematography, which go hand in hand with memorable sequences and visual power. These make a modern observer realize that a movie made almost 70 years ago is absolutely fun to watch. They range from erotic images of good taste to purely technical shots. Who can skip that moment in Ferrara where Gino meets a beautiful girl, a sort of "Perfect Girl", an Anita dancer and buys her ice cream. His desires show him a totally different direction ... Do viewers remain indifferent to Gino-Giovanna's first meeting? The first focus of the camera is on Giovanna's legs that seem to represent the carnal desire for the love that Gino experiences. A marvel of the shot is Gino and Giovanna who leave the investigation room and the foreground of their shadows that directs our attention to their suspicious gaze. <br /> <br /> Thirdly, OSSESSION can boast exceptional performance both from the head pair and the supporting cast. Massimo Girotti said in an interview that working in this film was one of the most difficult jobs I've ever done; however, as a result, what comes out is an impeccable acting. It portrays a bisexual man torn by desires who commits a crime but cannot bear any of the objects that remind him of his victim, who represents conscience. His bisexuality is indicated through the character of Lo Spagnolo (Elio Marcuzzo) which he meets in very surprising circumstances on the train to Ancona. Clara Calamai, who was chosen for the role after the eminent Anna Magnani had refused, adapts very well to the role and we can say that there is a real harmony between the couple. They are both very convincing. Also, I liked Juan De Langa as Bragana: he portrays an old husband not fond of his wife and still crazy about high art. In some of his most witty moments, he asks his wife to wash their shoulders or walk in the empty streets singing their favorite opera songs after a sort of karaoke show. In summary, we, as modern viewers who are capable of critical vision, have to watch this film in a very objective way. It is art for sure thanks to the aspects mentioned above, it is a powerful story also thanks to the controversies that it brings; yet, is it educational? Visconti was not Fellini who claimed he had no message for humanity. In that case, his films would do nothing but entertain (which, of course, is not entirely Fellini's style). Visconti always had something to transmit. What did he mean here? Is the film against bad marriage? Or is it against the wrong actions of people absorbed in desire? The shocking final moments say for themselves. Even if you don't agree with the vision, OSSESSION is really a wonderfully realistic film, one of Visconti's best 8/10
