Today the public will probably watch a movie like Obsession and will not really consider how unprecedented it was in the period it came out. The structure of the film actually separates Hollywood conventions and other important theatrical elements. It is based more on the representation of reality in a very dark and sober light. Movies of this nature ?? the neo-realist films ?? they were made to reflect the darkness that was felt during the post-World War II era. Obsession deals with some quite provocative problems that probably weren't seen on the screen before the war, including: adultery, conspiracy, murder, pregnancy, etc. Apart from the shooting of a crane and some moments of musical swelling, the aesthetics of the film is very rough and gritty: filmed on location, it uses natural lighting and most probably the non-popular actors. All these elements have contributed to transmitting the questions explored in the film, obtaining the following theme: negative karmic repercussions will haunt those who deliberately act immorally. <br /> <br /> The two protagonists ?? Gino and Giovanna ?? they are opposite poles, yet both bear the mentality: we are bored and we want to be entertained. Gino is a vagabond; a solitary traveler who embraces life and its continuous fluctuations. Giovanna is a bored housewife, wife cemented in the familiarity of marriage: she doesn't want to leave the house and her husband, but would rather stay where she is because she is safer. Gino's style of life represents the ideal lifestyle that Giovanna wants; the only difference is that he is too afraid to live it alone, which is why he falls in love with Gino: he represents everything he wants but does not have the courage to obtain. Do you want to live in a world free from the monotony of living with your burly husband ?? Gino is the perfect ticket for that world. The story that occurs between the two most likely left viewers in the 1940s feels a bit uncomfortable. I mean, films before the neo-realist age never showed such outrageous behavior on the screen. To say the least, it was probably a little alarming. <br /> <br /> In conjunction with the theme, the neo-realist style helps to show the negative repercussions of adulterous behavior. To put succinctly, the adulterous behavior (as shown in the film) leads to depressed and basically dead lives. When Gino and Giovanna conspire with each other to "eliminate" Giovanna's husband, karma comes to haunt them like a plague after the action has been completed. They return to their home: the atmosphere is dark and pungent (as can be expected from the neo-realist style). They are not happy; actually they are more depressed. They thought that by eliminating Giovanna's husband they would live happier lives, but they were deceived. The film ends with the death of Giovanna, being in karmic similarity to the death of her husband. I think this is a very satisfying ending for several reasons. Here because. <br /> <br /> There is much debate about whether or not evil should be depicted on the screen and, if so, to what extent. I think the description of evil is very necessary if and only if the represented evil is not glorified, but rather shows what negative consequences evil deeds have. As the subtext of Obsession says, are adultery and murder evil? I think the film responds with enthusiasm yes! The adulterous behavior between the two reveals how unhappy they are. Ironically though, towards the end of the film, when they seem to have recovered from their depression and see themselves basking in each other's arms inside the car, the author of the film shows that their happiness is, in effect, a facade: the car crashes from the cliff and into the river, killing Giovanna; the police arrest Gino. I think it was the author's intention to say that even if people sometimes try to justify their immoral behavior, eventually karma will go back to haunting them. I agree. I think the two got what was coming from them because they were both incredibly selfish, always looking for immediate gratification and not willing to endure the hard times. This was made clear in particular after the first sign of difficulty that Gino and Giovanna live in their relationship: he cannot bear the pressure of living in the shadow of Giovanna's husband, so he leaves Giovanna and sleeps with another girl. This is typical of the insatiable and hedonistic personality. <br /> <br /> All in all, the film seemed very risky for its time. The public, however, was ready to see a film like that because of the sobriety brought by the war. Those pre-war, happy and happy films were no longer believed. The cinema audience was ready to see and contemplate difficult films with complex characters: they wanted to see characters whose lives were entangled in the so-called "sin" because it reflected their life problems. Thus obsession acts as a great catalyst for the future of the film. That is, many of the pieces of naturalism we see today may have been influenced by the neo-realist film movement.
