Obsession, freely adapted (or if it is loose or close to the version I saw by James M. Cain The postman always rings twice with Jack Nicholson and Jessica Lange I cannot be sure) for the first time the director Luchino Visconti, is no less exceptional with the use of mis-en-scenes, music (diegetic and non diegetic) and acting. I didn't know what to expect from Visconti in his approach to the material, after having seen La Terra Trema and having seen how his political motivations sometimes slipped a little. But this is a drama totally based on character and emotion, bordering on melodrama (however, without the conventions that bind the minor ones), and with the style in the most beautiful path of the film-noir budding, Visconti creates a debut that involves like any other neo-realist film. The neo-realism, by the way, could legitimately be affirmed as this being an ancestor (together with the children watching us) of De Sica, who would take shape after the war. Although love and romance are more at stake here than in some of the most famous neo-realist efforts, it is addressed in a nude narrative style, and is steeped in other familiar themes in neorealism (the lower class, death, despair ). <br /> <br /> Apart from the story, which is simply how it is described on this site, the artistic skill with which Visconti captures images, and then superimposes them on objects (a shawl on Gino Costa's profile when it is guilty), shadows and darkness that tend to overcome many of the subsequent scenes in the film (usually on Gian and Giovanna), and the feeling of Italian streets in many external scenes. Domenico Scala and Aldo Tonti (who watch some films by Rossellini and Fellini) help to imagine the look of Ossessione, which usually moves on a character, then pauses to read the emotions on their faces, their voices and loving mannerisms and ugly, sad, dark and romantic. I think I have just scratched the surface of how effective it was that the film itself was moving me, even though I feared the future of the two protagonists. The two protagonists (Massimo Girotti and Clara Calamai) portray all the thrilling, truthful and almost operatic emotions, and even the key supporting actors lack their characteristics. <br /> <br /> It is a brilliant and overwhelming adaptation, and indicates as a surprising sign of what would have happened to Visconti in his career.
