Wow! The kind of films that could be seen ten times and that still delight its nuances. Absolutely incredible! If this was Visconti's debut film, I shudder to think about what would happen if he made better films. The only other one of his that I've seen (at the time of writing) is Death in Venice - which was absolutely incredible: more visually dazzling than Obsession. One of the most beautiful films I've ever seen, but his story hasn't been as enthralling as Ossessione. If you click "Miscellaneous" on the links on this page, there are still images of the film on those websites. They will not really do justice to the film's experience: such graceful camera movements, such a beautiful composition, such wonderful faces, such terrifying characters, such a great development in history, the first film adapted from "The Postman Always Rings" by James M Cain Twice. "<br /> <br /> I can't believe it was done in 43, eight years before Brando should have introduced a realistic acting to the world with Streetcar Named Desire (1951). The actors in this may not have used the technique of the method, that is, they might not have really heard everything on their own (I don't know anything about it) - but they are some of the best, most genuine and realistic performances up to this date in the cinema, and eight years before Streetcar Named Desire brought a new sensuality on the screen, Obsession was electrifyingly sensual! The most sensual thing since the beginning of the cinema! Yes, I am superlative, but Obsession was simply fantastic. <br /> <br /> The reason why Obsession did not cause the impact that has had Streetcar was made in Fascist Italy and banned by Mussolini, and cut in America.The American public did not see its full glory until 59, eight years AFTER the tram. <br /> <br /> I will say no more on it - enough write to tell you it's one of the best, most beautiful and exciting movies I've ever seen and tell you to go out and see it! Like another reviewer, I'm going to buy it as soon as I can find it!
