Watching "Obsession" today - more than 6 decades later - is still a strong experience, especially for those interested in the history of cinema and more specifically on how Italian filmmakers have changed films forever (more or less from "Ossessione" and "The children of De Sica" Guardano ", both from 1943, until 20 years later with Fellini, Antonioni, Pasolini). Visconti makes an extraordinary directorial debut, taking the plot (uncredited) of" Il postino always plays two times "as a guide for the development of their own themes. <br /> <br /> It strikes us today as ahead of its time" Obsession "was. Shot in Fascist Italy during the Second World War (think about it !!), has depicted scenes and themes that made the film immediately banned from theaters - and the fact that he used the plot of a famous American novel and did not pay any copyright did not help <br /> "obsession" reveals so alarming Italy marked by poverty (distant d to the idealized Italy depicted in the fascist films "Telefoni Bianchi"; but it is also extremely bold in its sexual frankness, with Gino without a shirt (Massimo Girotti, who definitively precedes Brando's Kowalski in "A tram called desire") which brings Giovanna (Clara Calamai), a married woman, to bed only 5 minutes after first meet. We observe the shameless and shameless stripping of Calamai and the subtle but undeniable homosexual allusions between Gino and Lo Spagnolo (Elio Marcuzzo - a very attractive actor, his face not different from that of Pierre Clémenti, who was shot by the Nazis in 1945, at 28 years old!) ... In a nutshell: sex, lust, greed and poverty, inexorably as rarely, if ever, ever shown before in Italian cinema. <br /> <br /> All copies of "Obsession" were destroyed shortly after its opening: it was called scandalous and immoral. Visconti managed to save a print, and when the film was republished in the post-war period, most critics called it the front-runner of the neorealist movement, preceding Rossellini's "Roma Cita Aperta" and De Sica's "Sciuscià". Some other critics, perhaps more appropriately, saw "Ossessione" as the Italian counterpart of the "poetic realism" of French cinema (let us remember that Visconti was Renoir's assistant), in particular "Quai des Brumes" by Marcel Carné and "Le Jour se Lève ", and" Pépé le Moko "by Julien Duvivier. <br /> <br /> While "Ossessione" can be Neo-Realist in his visual language (the representation of the country life of the war in Italy with its popular fairs, poverty, child labor, prostitution, vagabonds, scammers etc.) , the characters and themes were already decidedly Visconti. He was increasingly interested in tragic, passionate, obsessive, greedy characters in social / political / sexual apartheid, in the decadence of the elite rather than in realistic characters and themes of "everyday life", favored by DeSica and Rossellini. In "Ossessione" we already find elements of drama and tragedy developed later in many of his films, in particular "Senso" (the final departure of Visconti from the neorealist aesthetic) and "Rocco and Suoi Fratelli" ... Even in his most "Neo" -Realista "," La Terra Trema ", makes its fishermen grow from everyday characters to mythological figures. <br /> <br />" Obsession "is a good opportunity to confirm the theory of the great artists of where the body of work approaches, analyzes and develops themes and specific concerns to infinity, from their first to their last opus, it doesn't matter if the scenario, the background or the setting of the time can change - Visconti can play with the frame but the themes and the essence of his art are, in short, obsessively recurrent. "Ossessione" is not to be missed: you will surely be fascinated by this innovative and powerful film.
