Visconti's first feature, Ossessione, is an adaptation of the two-post The Postman Always Rings by James M. Cain. Now, I'm not familiar with that book or other versions of the film, but I'm a big fan of Cain's Double Indemnity (much more than I'm a fan of the Billy Wilder film version, actually). The two novellas seem to be very similar. Both involve an illicit love story in which a voracious wife complains to a morally weak man that her husband is useless and evil with her. Giovanna, the woman in this Italian version, has played very well by Clara Calamai, is not badly embodied as the wife in Double Indemnity, but she seems very flawed. Her husband (a great interpretation of Juan de Landa) is a bit cruel to her, but it strikes me as at least as intransigent with him. He is older than her and unattractive, so he is quite fickle. When Gino arrives, a young and muscular man, it takes about five minutes to put him to bed. She sweats that she wants to be with him forever, but is stuck with her husband. At first they disintegrate, but when they meet again, they (apparently, even if this is intentionally vague) plan to kill the husband. They succeed and return to the woman's hometown to manage the bar owned by her husband. Gino is very unenthusiastic about this idea. She wants Giovanna, but the only thing she certainly doesn't want is to sit in one place for the rest of her life. Their relationship quickly crumbles. Ossessione is a very complex film with complex characters. It's always fascinating, but it's a little too long. At two hours and twenty-two minutes, I can't, for the life of me, understand how long it took! This is partly due to the neorealist style that Visconti was inventing in this film. After all, it was the first film to win that label. We see much of the action extending as it would in real life, without rushing to the next point of the plot. I have seen many Visconti films and the only one that I like best about this is Rocco and His Brothers (1960). His direction is as fantastic as ever, with the camera moving brilliantly and fitting perfectly. I also feel the need to highlight the best performance of the film, by Dhia Christiani in the role of a young (exotic) dancer and part-time prostitute named Anita that Gino meets after starting to try to break away from Giovanna. It's only in the film for five or six minutes and has only a few lines. It is shocking how much Visconti and Christiani are able to do with this character in such a short time. It is absolutely heartbreaking. 9/10.
