I was sitting alone in my apartment on Saturday night with the choice to watch CITIZEN X or The Eurovision Song Contest, and for the benefit of Americans who read this, I will explain that TESC is an annual event where musicians from countries all over Europe and Asia Minor have a music competition. At the end of the contest the countries vote to see which was the best song. It's a competition that is even less exciting than it looks and may not be a surprise when I say that singing and writing songs is not the likes of Lennon and McCartney. And I should correct something in the first sentence of this review because the word "Choice" is misleading because as a music lover I wouldn't have looked at TESC under any circumstances. <br /> <br /> So I sat down as the credits were launched for CITIZEN X expecting a series of whodunnit serial killer, but I would be misleading for everyone who called it that. It is obvious in the first 10 minutes of CITIZEN X whodunnit. What the film does is to highlight the failures of communism: "A companion serial killer! This is the Soviet Union, serial killers can only exist in decadent imperialist capitalist systems." This farcical attitude goes far beyond denial, there is a scene where an undercover cop sits in a freezing train station keeping an eye on potential suspects while wearing the police jacket because it's the only warm coat he has! And, of course, all the suspects who are members of the communist party are released without questioning something that will affect the final victims' budget. All this is very well done, since we are shown that the communist party system is being tried, but about two thirds of CITIZEN X are in 1990 when communism is at its last legs and the police investigation reforms they took place. It is at this point that the film becomes rather uninteresting due to the lack of political subtexts and the film descends into an average manhunt movie. But don't let this put you off, CITIZEN X is a clever thriller well played by the cast especially Donald Sutherland as head of the paternal police <br /> <br /> Strangely a few years ago I read something written by the famous criminologist Colin Wilson in which he said something along the lines that serial killers let themselves be captured so that they are the center of attention in the media spotlight, and I found myself almost sympathizing with party leaders who denied that there could be a serial killer in the Soviet Union. After all the media are controlled by the party and anyone is old enough to have listened to Radio Moscow or read Pravda's English translations, he will know that the USSR only reported news such as potato crops, coal production and letters of thanks from Afghanistan, from Cuba etc. Soviet assistance. The concept of becoming a serial killer in a communist system is illogical. But I imagine that if a tree falls into a remote Siberian forest, it will still make a sound even if no one is around to hear it.
