Blood Castle (aka Scream of the Demon Lover, Altar of Blood, Ivanna - the best, but less exploitative title of cinema, and so on) is a very traditional Gothic film. This means that it has large and gruesome castles, a stubborn young woman, a mysterious older man, hints of horror and supernatural and romantic elements in the contemporary sense of that genre. It also means that it is very deliberately stimulated, and that the film will work best for horror experts who are big fans of understatement. If you love movies like The Haunting (1963) by Robert Wise, but you also have a taste for Spanish and Italian horror films from the late 60s / early 70s, you might even love Blood Castle. <br /> <br /> Baron Janos Dalmar (Carlos Quiney) lives in a large castle on the outskirts of a traditional and unspecified European village. The locals fear him because legend has it that every time a woman sleeps, she immediately ends up dying - the consensus is that he puts his fierce dogs on them. This is a big problem because the baron has a very healthy appetite for women. At the beginning of the film, another woman is dead and mutilated. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, Dr. Ivanna Rakowsky (Erna Schürer) appeared in the center of the village, asking to be taken to the baron Dalmar Castle. She is an unusual girl who was hired by the baron for her experience in chemistry. Of course, nobody wants to go near the castle. Finally, Ivanna finds a shady individual (who becomes even more shady) to take her. Once there, a strange woman who lives in the castle, Olga (Cristiana Galloni), refuses Ivanna and says she shouldn't be there since she is a woman. Baron Dalmar obscures if he should stay. It ends up staying, but somehow reluctant. The baron hired her to try to reverse the effects of severe burns, from which the baron's brother, Igor, suffers. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the baron's brother seems to be just a piece of rotting meat in a vat of bizarre, blackish liquid. Furthermore, Ivanna is having bizarre and hallucinatory dreams. What's going on at the castle? Is the baron responsible for the crimes? He is crazy? <br /> <br /> I wanted to love Blood Castle more than I did. As I said, the film is very deliberate in its rhythm, and most are very underrated. I can go either way on a material like that. I don't care about The Haunting (yes, I'm a small minority there), but I'm a big fan of European horror films from the 60s and 70s. One of my favorite directors is Mario Bava. I also love the work of Dario Argento of that period. But occasionally, Blood Castle moved a little too slowly for me, sometimes. There are large pieces that are equivalent to scenes of unexciting conversations alternating with scenes of Ivanna walking slowly in the corridors of the castle. <br /> <br /> But the atmosphere of the film is decent. The director José Luis Merino has managed more than passable sets and positions, and they are shot quite well by Emanuele Di Cola. However, Blood Castle has a relatively low budget, and ultimately it's a film produced by Roger Corman (which usually means low budget "quickie", though often surprisingly high quality). So, while there is a hint of the luxuriance of Bava colors and the complex decoration of the displays, everything is much more minimalist. Of course, it doesn't help that the Retromedia press I looked at looks like a 30-year-old photograph that was left out in the sun too long. It seems "faded", with a compromised contrast. <br /> <br /> Again, Merino and Di Cola occasionally create fantastic images. For example, a scene of Ivanna walking in a darkened corridor that is turned from an exaggerated angle, and where an important element of the plot is revealed only through the shadows on a wall. There are also a couple of Ingmar Bergmanesque shots, in which the actors are exquisitely blocked to imply complex relationships, as well as being visually attractive and attracting the eye in the frame. <br /> <br /> The performances are quite good, and the women - especially Schürer - are very attractive. Merino exploits this fact by incorporating a fair amount of nudity. Schürer has continued to make a number of films that were as soft porn porn as other genres, with English titles like Sex Life in a Woman's Prison (1974), Naked and Lustful (1974), Strip Nude for Your Killer (1975) and Erotic Exploits of a Sexy Seducer (1977). Blood Castle is much more domesticated, but besides nudity, there are still mild scenes that suggest rape and slavery, and of course the scenes mix sex and death. <br /> <br /> The main attraction here, however, is probably the story, which is much more a slow-burning love story than anything else. The horror elements, the mysterious elements and a slightly unexpected turn towards the end are bonuses, but in the end, Blood Castle is a love story, about a couple that overcomes various difficulties and antagonisms (often with physical threats or risks ) to stay together .
