There are some excellent comments and comments on this film. I was pleased to see the comparisons with Fritz Lang's "M" (forget the 50s abortive remake with the light David Wayne). The real criminal is not the tortured murderer (extraordinarily beautiful performance of Jeffery DeMunn), bringing out his sexually frustrated rage about his victims - mostly children. He is the goal. The real criminal is the suffocating Soviet bureaucratic system, which drowns in its corrupt incompetence. The frustration of a committed man without compromise (Rea in his best role from "The Crying Game"), an easy pragmatist who is willing to use the system to his advantage (Sutherland is always successful in this kind of role), a hesitant, frightened but determined psychiatrist (the incomparable Max Sydow), the bureaucratic bureaucratic bureaucracy of a public prosecutor (the brilliant British actor John Wood) and the quiet supportive wife of the guided investigator (delightful supporter, Imelda Staunton) This is a good movie. Its darkness and sadness are supported by the representation of a corrupt and incompetent system that works against success. No need to immerse yourself in the sensational dice and dice core that has characterized so many recent films. Gore is present - it's a horrible story - but it adds to the depiction of a pathologically twisted human being. The success of the story is precisely this: they were acts performed by a person, a human being like you or me. Where you and I choose to vent our frustration with reasonable means, Chikatilo has brought his anger on the most innocent and vulnerable of us, our children. The superb premise of this story is made evident by an equally excellent cast of excellent actors. - Above all, I notice that our Australian friend did not like the speech and would no doubt have preferred to listen to them while they speak in Australian dialect. Good, too bad. This beautiful film has definitely worked for me and for everyone else I've talked to who has seen it.
