I remember following Andre Chicatillo's case in the newspapers while living in South Africa. They had pictures of him sitting in his cage while he was being tried in court. Not, as it turned out, to protect the members of the court, but to protect it from the public. Reading was fascinating, though morbid. Later I heard that a movie was made by HBO on the case, but it was made for American TV. Depressed! Strangely, CITIZEN X had a limited film release in South Africa. I charged the local Ster Kinekor complex and bought a ticket (I was alone, my girlfriend at the time was only interested in characters like STEEL MAGNOLI and FRIED GREEN TOMATOES). Wow! What a brilliant film. Why wasn't it released to a wider audience? Had it not been made for TV, he would have been nominated for an Oscar or 2. There is no way to ruin the finale; whoever is the murderer is never held back by the public. Jeffrey DeMunn portrays a truly terrifying psychopath. He is calm, oppressed, considered a failure by his wife and subjected to constant ridicule and humiliation by his superiors at work. Engaging in these horrendous acts, he feels strong, powerful. <br /> <br /> Fighting to capture it against all odds is a pathologist, interpreted by Stephen Rea, in one of his strongest performances. It must fight the snail rhythm of the Russian bureaucracy, the primitive resources it has at its disposal and (above all) the refusal by its superiors to recognize that the USSR even has a serial killer. The current general (Joss Ackland) states that serial killers are "a decadent western phenomenon". Only Donald Sutherland is ready to help, but his help must be under the table. The always brilliant Max Von Sydow plays a Russian psychiatrist who interrupts the protocol and decides to help the investigators in their search. It is the first time in Russian history that a shrink is used to build a profile of a serial killer still at large, and has everything to lose if his involvement is made public. <br /> <br /> CITIZEN X is brilliantly acted, well written and the music and editing only increase the tension and the theme of the film. Imelda Staunton's excellent support, horribly underused, and the true sense of imminent destiny make CITIZEN X a movie worth seeing. It was too good to be made for TV
