The incredible seventeen-minute dance sequence of the orchestral piece by George Gershwin from 1928, "An American in Paris", is an indisputable masterpiece. Choreographed with precision and unparalleled talent by Gene Kelly, the vibrant combination of color, music and dance is still surprising for the eyes when the piece is broken down into scenes inspired by selected masters - Dufy in the opening piece of Place de la Concorde, Manet in flower market, Utrillo in a Parisian street, Rousseau at the fair, Vincent Van Gogh in the spectacular work of Place de l'Opera, and Toulouse-Lautrec for the Moulin Rouge where Kelly wears his famous white suit. The 97 minutes before this finale are not so exciting, not by a long shot, but there are some spells to have in seeing the entire 1951 Oscar-winning musical. <br /> <br /> Director Vincente Minnelli and screenwriter Alan Jay Lerner modeled a surprisingly sophisticated, if rather light, romantic story centered on Jerry Mulligan, a former role player who stayed in Paris after the end of World War II trying to earn his living as a painter. With his saucy manners and athletic dance style, Gene Kelly can be both eye-catching and irritating as a screen character, but he seems to find his work as carefree Jerry. The plot of the love triangle focuses on Jerry's involvement with Milo Roberts, a self-proclaimed art patron but a sexual predator when it comes to young artists. On their first date at a crowded nightclub in Montmartre, Jerry falls in love with Lise, a young woman who turns out to be Henri's girlfriend, professional entertainer and friend of Jerry's friend, Adam, a concert pianist out of work. Romantic complications follow each other until the inevitable ending, but not before several Gershwin classic songs are performed. <br /> <br /> The best of these is the most imitated - a song and a dance that is romantically sweet at "Our Love Is Here to Stay" along a Faine-Seine river in a misty blue haze with yellow fog lights. The way Kelly and Leslie Caron surround each other is transcendent as they approach each other initially and then synchronize beautifully with the music leading to the final finale. Few films have shown two people who fall in love so elegantly and synthetically. "I Got Rhythm" and "S'Wonderful" highlight Kelly's agile Tap-dancing and leisurely singing, while "Embraceable You" is impressively danced by Caron in a five-scene montage of Lise's description of All-over-the-map by Henri Adamo. Designed to show the versatility of Caron's dance, the sequence is similar to that of "On the Town" in which Vera-Ellen showed her remarkable ability to dance when Kelly's character described her multi-faceted vision of Miss Turnstiles. <br /> <br /> Like Lise, nineteen-year-old Caron (in her first film) dances superbly throughout and manages her role with untrained fascination with her acting talent to not bloom for several years. Seeming rather charming, Nina Foch plays older as Milo's manipulator and manages to be nice enough for us to worry about her destiny, while Oscar Levant is just his sardonic being Adam. Performing an elegant "I will build a staircase in paradise", George Guétary plays Henri so nicely that you feel bad that he eventually loses the girl. This is not the best all-around musical of MGM, but there is certainly enough cinematic magic to make it really useful. The 2000 DVD contains a fairly original print but little else in terms of extras.
