What makes the material for the best image? The Oscars came for a lot of sticks to reward exaggerated shows that have aged badly and ignore the "auteur" who would be deified in the decades to come. It wasn't because Hollywood was against art or creativity. The Academy Awards are the selections made by the industry itself, which is why, at least in the classical era, they tended to reward the greatest collaborations, the most sensational encounters of creative minds. <br /> <br /> The Arthur The liberated unit of MGM had been winner for the glory of Oscar for several years at this point; it was only a matter of time before Freed, helped by his strongest director Vincente Minnelli and some of the best musical stars in the industry, would have gotten a better film. Freed had probably done more to raise the status of the musical than anyone else, creating images that intertwined history and songs without losing the dynamic spectacle of 1930s musicals. The point about Freed's musicals is that song lyrics, unlike those of Hammerstein or Lerner, don't necessarily have to tell or even relate to stories. What is important is that the tone of the song and the way it is presented fits into the structure of the film. <br /> <br /> An American in Paris was the first of three musicals Freed (the other two were sung in The Rain and The Band Wagon) that took the existing classic numbers from their original context and made them work in a completely independent story. Words do not adapt to the plot, but routines adapt to the show. So when Gene Kelly sings I Got Rhythm, he hasn't had a girlfriend yet, but the way he's done with joining French guys is a lot of characterization, and the optimistic melody and dance give the movie the small lift needs at this point. An American in Paris also uses the violation of the rules allowed in the genre to add small unconventional fancy flights to tell the story, like the series of dances that accompany the description of the character of Leslie Caron. <br /> <br /> And what better director for this project than Minnelli, himself a painter and a pianist? Right now there was really no one who had a better feeling with Technicolor. While some directors saturate each scene with a color or fill the screen with contrasting shades, Minnelli's color schemes are tightly controlled but never seem forced. In the opening scenes the tones are quite subdued, but not dingy, and in particular there is an absence of red. During the meeting of Oscar Levant and Georges Guetary in the cafeteria, some more vivid shades are introduced. So, during the first musical issue, "By Strauss" Minnelli gradually brings splashes of red ?? a tablecloth, a bouquet of roses ?? until it dominates, as if the song had awakened the color scheme of the image. For most songs, colors are choreographed with the same complexity as people. However, in some numbers, like "Tra-la-la", it maintains the same shadows and instead opens up the space as the song swells and the characters become more animated. <br /> <br /> The Achille heel of An American in Paris is his story. Personally I find the romantic corner particularly unpleasant, playing as if it were a last hurray for the misogynist love stories that reigned supreme in the 1930s; the stubborn and independent woman is rejected while the gentle and delicate girl is harassed to love the hero. Even if you don't mind, it's difficult to connect emotionally with the story because it's constantly obscured by songs and dances. Compare this with Singin 'in the Rain, which actually doesn't have as many great things or memorable set-pieces as an American in Paris, but has a winning storyline. Singin 'in the Rain was neglected at the 1952 Oscars, yet today it is considered a classic of the genre. But I think that people sometimes forget that cinema is an all-encompassing form of visual entertainment, not just a means of telling a story. An American in Paris is not deep or engaging or tearful but, like a certain image of DeMille who won the first prize the following year, it is definitely a great show.
