Parsifal (1982) With Michael Kutter, Armin Jordan, Robert Lloyd, Martin Sperr, Edith Clever, Aage Haugland and the voices of Reiner Goldberg, Yvonne Minton, Wolfgang Schone, director Hans-Jurgen Syberberg. <br /> <br /> Straight out of the German film school, the one that favored tons of symbolism and the surrealism of Ingmar Bergmanesque, came this 1982 film of Wagner's final masterpiece: Parsifal, written to correspond to Good Friday / Easter and to the consecration of the Bayreuth Opera. This film follows the score and the plot with precision, but the way it was filmed and interpreted is bold and avant-garde and no other Parsifal takes the crown in its bizarre cinematography. Syberberg is known for controversial films. Before this film he had made films about Hitler and Nazism, Richard Wagner and his personal anti-Semitism and a documentary on Winifred Wagner, one of his grandchildren. This film is perhaps disturbing in many respects. Parsifal (sung by Reiner Goldberg but played by Michael Kutter) is a male throughout the first part of the film and then, after the enchantment of Kundry's kiss, turns into a female. This element of gender bending shows the feminine / masculine / ying-yang nature of the search for the Holy Grail, which serves all humanity and redeems it through the blood of Christ. In the pagan fortress of the Klingsor fortress, there are photographs of notoriously sinister figures such as Hitler, Nietzche, Cosima Wagner and Wagner's lover Matilde Wesendock. The Swaztika flag hangs outside the fortress. Parsifal travels in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries throughout the film. The attractive Flower Maidens are nude. Kundry is interpreted as a sort of beautiful but corrupt Mary Magdalene or Eve by Genesis (played by Edith Clever but beautifully sung by mezzo-soprano Yvonne Minton). Ultimately, this film is for fans of this kind of bizarre German / European symbolic metaphor and for intellectuals who appreciate Wagner's symbolism, history and lovers of opera. In fact, the singing is great and compelling. Reiner Goldberg's Parsifal is a concentrated and intense voice, but it lacks the depth and overall greatness of the major Parsifals on stage: James King, Wolfgang Windgassen, Rene Kollo and Placido Domingo of today. Yvone Minton is a sensual, dramatic and exciting Kundry that perfectly explores his tormented state. While the production is certainly not orthodox and non-Wagnerian as can be obtained (Wagner's concept was a Christian ceremonial pump with Grails, spears, castles, knights and wounded kings, a dark sorcerer, the darkness that becomes light, etc.). Typical Wagnerian themes). . it's still a fun and art movie.
