This is a fantastic movie to watch or show young people. In addition to a very short nude scene, it offers an interesting insight into colonial rule in Africa that you will rarely find in other films. It has a superficial resemblance to OUTSIDE OF AFRICA, but without all the romantic stuff. The white French in Cameroon are fascinating because they don't even seem to consider the natives as people. Whites are all leaders and expect black servitude without questions. However, unlike real servants, only once do you hear some of the Whites say "thank you" and no other regard is given to these people. Again and again, it is as if they were pets or slaves, because people's feelings are not even taken into consideration. <br /> <br /> The central illustration of this carefree is the relationship between the mother, Aimée and her servant, Protèe. Although sometimes they spend a lot of time together and it is normal for them to start having sexual feelings towards each other, White never considers Protée or the existence of her feelings. A good example of this carelessness is when he has his suit tied and it is obvious that he is very sexually frustrated by this. In addition to this relationship, while almost all whites are completely unaware of the fact that Africans are people, some come to the point of verbally abusing them and treating them as garbage. <br /> <br /> Also interesting is the relationship between Protée and the child (who grew up at the beginning and end of the film). While they are very close, sometimes it is more a toy or a pet and the girl never plays with native children. <br /> <br /> There is a bizarre white character who sometimes seems to consider blacks better but unfortunately his character is very inconsistent and confused. One moment, he is doing hard work alongside the blacks or eating with them (something the other whites would never do) and the next one is trying to defeat Protée! I could only guess what motivated him - maybe he was just an idiot, or he was crazy or maybe he was a communist agitator trying to lift blacks against whites (who knows!). Actually, apart from some good scenes, this character seems pretty much wasted. <br /> <br /> Although I really liked the insight that this film gave, I wish they had been more than a few fragments of this world through a child's perspective during a small period of his life. The context and what happened to free the country from colonialism has never been addressed and the film has left me more. The film appeared in the early 1980s (since he wears a pair of Walkman-style headphones) and when the film went back in time, it seems to have been set around 1960 (more or less), but not There was never any talk of the anti-colonialists of the 1950s, violence or independence for the nation in the early 1960s. I imagine that a part of this confusion could be that the creators of the film have ruined and SHOULD have made the beginning of the film first (as in the 70s) and the lady thought back to her life there in the early 1950s - first that the country experienced a political change. <br /> <br /> Apart from the missing context and a confusion in time periods, using the prologue and the epilogue that showed her as an adult traveling around the country was a good idea. And I also appreciated the ending, because it was a pleasant surprise when you find out more about the nice man who offers you a ride. But overall, something seems to be missing - there is no kind of resolution or message beyond showing that colonialism is carefree and cruel.
