I knew absolutely nothing about Chocolat before seeing it. I knew nothing of the story, the cast, the director, or anything in the story of the film. All I knew was that it was a highly acclaimed French film. If I had known more, I probably wouldn't have seen the image with an open mind. On paper, the premise does not seem interesting to me. If I had known what Chocolat was in advance, my interest in the vision would have been limited. However, not knowing the story helped me enjoy it. All the while, I had no idea where the story would go, what the characters would do and what the end result would be. It was, if nothing else, not a predictable film. In fact, it could have been how the story is told in flashbacks. Telling a story in flashbacks is often a risky move by the filmmakers. Since the protagonist is seen today, the public knows that he will remain alive. Using the flashback technique, the director Claire Denis is able to assure the public that the girl manages to reach adulthood without any serious physical damage, giving the viewer the feeling that Chocolat is a story more than emotions on the outside. A less experienced director would have given France a distorted face, one that screams of a confused and unusual childhood. Instead, Denis presents France as a beautiful girl, someone who looks well outside. <br /> <br /> It could be argued that Chocolat is more connected to the mother of France, given that she is given much more time on the screen, although I believe that in the end it is France. For me, what Chocolat talks about is how the mother's actions affect her daughter. It is about how parents' behavior remains with their offspring. France is not ruined by the actions of the mother in history, yet the actions of the mother have clearly made an impression on France. If France had not been touched by the mother's actions at all, the appearance of the flashback would be irrelevant. <br /> <br /> For a film that deals with two periods of time, the past and the present, Chocolat was very well set, there were no scenes of excess fat. None of the scenes looked free or out of place. The film had a good rhythm, the editing was clear, leaving only what was necessary to tell the story. With a well-told story, a solid editing and an organized director, Chocolat is one of the best French films I've seen. He was responsible for launching the career of Claire Denis and with good reasons: it's an incredible directorial debut.
