Set in West Africa's Cameroon in the 1950s, Claire Denis's Chocolat is a poem with beautifully photographed and emotionally resonant tones that describes the effects of a dying colonialism on a young family during the last years of French domination. The theme is similar to the recent Nowhere in Africa, although the films are very different in scope and emphasis. The film is told from the point of view of an adult returning to his childhood home in a foreign country. France Dalens (Mireille Perrier), a young woman traveling through Cameroon, remembers her childhood when her father (Francois Cluzet) was a government official in French Cameroon and had a loving friendship with the cupid servant, Protée (Isaach de Bankolé ). The heart of the film, however, revolves around the French mother Aimée (Giulia Boschi) and her love / hate relationship with Protée that boils with unexpressed sexual tension. <br /> <br /> The family is divided into public and private spaces. The white family rooms are private and off limits to everyone except Protée who works at home while the servants are forced to eat and take a shower outdoors, exposing their bare bronze bodies to the looks of the white family. It becomes clear when her husband Marc (François Cluzet) goes away on business that Aimée and Protée are sexually attracted to each other, but the rules of society prevent it from being openly recognized. In an eloquent sequence, she invites him into her bedroom to help her dress and the two stare at one another's image in the mirror with a desire for challenge in their eyes, knowing that every interaction is a taboo. <br /> <br /> The young France (Cecile Ducasse) also forms a bond with the servant, feeding him from his plate while he shows her how to eat crushed ants and carries it on his shoulders while walking under the night sky. Despite their connection, the true nature of their relationship as servants is evident when France orders Protèe to interrupt her conversation with a teacher and immediately take her home, and when Protée stands by her table, waiting for her next command. When a plane loses its propeller and is forced to land in the nearby mountains, the crew and passengers must move into the compound until a spare part can be found. Every visitor shows his contempt for the Africans, one, a wealthy coffee plantation owner brings the food left over from the kitchen to his black lover who is hiding in his room. Another, Luc (Jean-Claude Adelin), an arrogant French white man, upsets the racial balance when he uses the outdoor shower, eats with the servants, and mocks Aimée of his attraction for Protée, leading her to a final emotional confrontation with the servant. <br /> <br /> Chocolat is vaguely autobiographical, adapted from the director's childhood memories, and is as slow and mysterious as the brooding isolation of the land on which it is shot. Denis expresses his opinion on the effects of colonialism without preaching or romanticizing the characters. There are no victims or oppressors, not just good boys. Protée is a servant but he is also a protector as when he is guarding the bed where Aimée and her daughter sleep to protect them from a relentless hyena. It is sad that Protée is treated as a boy and not as a man, but Bankolé imbues his character with such dignity and stature that he reduces pain. Because of its rhythm, the western public may have to work hard to fully appreciate the film and Denis, not, according to Roger Ebert's phrase, "instructs our emotions". The truth of Chocolat lies in the gestures and looks that touch the silent desire of our heart.
