The Scottish artist Andy Goldsworthy models natural materials in ephemeral works, assembling rocks into egg-shaped little men, filling rock pools on the river with fiery flowers and sewing thorns and branches in intricate spider web designs. An original work and some photographs of his other creations are hidden in a corner of the Southampton art gallery (near where I live), but even though I found these intriguing pieces, I only realized the wonder of Goldsworthy's work when I had the luck to capture a revisitation of Rivers and Tides. <br /> <br /> Thomas Reidelsheimer's film, accompanied by a beautiful instrumental soundtrack by Fred Frith, brings Goldsworthy and his art to life by showing the artist at work. The initial scene captures it and melts icicle fragments in a snake-like wire on top of a tree trunk. Working with teeth and bare hands, Goldsworthy does a beautiful and ephemeral job. In a short time this delicate sculpture melts into thin air in the bright Scottish sunlight. This scene is among the most beautiful in the film, but the breadth and inventiveness of Goldsworthy's work is remarkable. Reidelsheimer shows both successes and failures, capturing the frustration of collapsing pieces before they are completed and the glory of those who shine, even if only for a few hours, minutes or seconds. <br /> <br /> Goldsworthy himself provides the narrative, speaking slowly but carefully about the themes of his work. It makes clear his need to work with nature, to be alone in it and to deepen his understanding by trying to work with natural materials, even when they seem to work against him. Sometimes it's simple and humorous; other times he struggles for words to express his purpose ?? something that is quite understandable when you witness its amazing first-hand work. "Rivers and Tides" of the title becomes more and more pertinent as natural materials pass through the hands of the artist, flowing from one form to another. The capture of the creation and dissolution of Goldworthy's work is in itself a surprising piece of art. <br /> <br /> Although Goldsworthy works with very different materials and covers the territory in North America and Europe, the presentation of works of art one after another in this film is exhausting; it gave me the same feeling of tiredness that I experience when I spend too much time in an art gallery and find it hard to get something new. A brief interval in which we are introduced in the family and in Andy's hometown is all that breaks the long succession of his works. However, Reidelsheimer does a great job of photographing Goldsworthy and his creations, identifying them in their larger environments, from the meanders of Canadian rivers to the rains of Scottish hills. Suitably, the film ends with Goldsworthy throwing handfuls of earth and snow into the sky. Fleeting patterns emerge from dust particles even as they dissipate in the air; this is the purest expression of beauty that can be found in the work of this extraordinary artist.
