I admit that for the first 20 minutes or so of this film I wasn't entirely sure I was going to spend the whole day. Like many other people, I found it rather boring, and I was not looking forward to an hour and a half of watching this boy bite into the icicles and glue them together. However, if you sit down to create your first job long enough to see the finished product, you have an idea of ​​how impressive the rest of the film is. I really think it's sad that so many people have found this impossibly boring or a reconstruction of ideas made by other artists. <br /> <br /> Rivers and Tides is a quiet study of some of the works of art and methods of Andy Goldsworthy, which makes his art entirely out of nature, generally generating pieces that will be consumed by nature through the normal entropy process. It's slow and unattractive, but I think a lot of the film's point is to show that Goldsworthy's art doesn't need any accompaniment to be appreciated. I've even heard people complain about how he always talks about the whole film, rather than letting nature and his works speak for themselves, which I think is madness. <br /> <br /> On the other hand, many people complain about the CDs containing the texts written in them. Even many musicians think that their music should mean anything they want to say to the listener without the musician showing the exact lyrics, I suppose I'm just the kind of person who believes I'd like to know what the artist was trying to do with the his work of art. I can still take it as I want, even though I know what it should have done. I can understand that I don't want to hear him talk through the film. After all, he loses his train of thought and finds himself unable to explain some of his works on more than one occasion, but if you don't want Goldsworthy to talk about his art while you watch the movie, feel free to turn off the sound. It's like not reading the text if you don't want to know what a musician is singing and you prefer to interpret the words alone. <br /> <br /> I think that the work of Andy Goldsworthy, that I had no idea existed before me. I saw this movie, it's incredibly impressive, and I'm glad this film was made to show it. In fact, since his work is not generally the type that can be transported to a studio, photography is the only means other than the film that can express it, and I really appreciated the possibility of seeing the work that goes into his art, and the way that only things from nature are used. Whether or not you appreciate certain aspects of how this film is presented, Goldsworthy's work is moving enough to overlook that, since the film is not the star, Goldsworthy's art is. And given the lack of music or even the smallest special effects and slow motion nature of the film, it seems to me that director Thomas Riedelsheimer knows it.
