The day zero has a purpose and this is not simply entertainment, it transmits a message about its shootings with a specialized theme. Trace the lives of two friends Andre and Cal that lead to an attack on their high school. <br /> <br /> Even if the film started in a rather modest way, an impromptu announcement of the next teenage-style amateur attack followed by some brief encounters with the families of the boys. It won't be long before we start dealing with the boys who show us their firearms collection, their fetishistic love for them, their sporadic narcissistic fantasies and even in a controversial scene on how to build tube bombs. <br /> <br /> So what is the film trying to say? What is really motivating is that they will soon be murderers. It seems difficult to identify. They certainly do not present themselves as cold-blooded psychopaths, but are planning an act of pure brutality. This leads me to what I feel is the genius of Zero Day. Cal and Andre constantly talk about how they are on a different level, than they are above all of us and how they "will leave us all behind." How the killers of aquilegias feel truly superior. Like the feeling of Nietzsche, the value system of Cal and Andre seems to have been born from the rejection of their society. Yet we are only given a glimpse of this, an expression of hatred for a popular athlete, for example. So where is the motivation? What I hear is that Coccio portrays two desperate individuals who make a declaration of superiority a gesture of their power, yet they have no reasonable place to do so. So they turn to mass murder and the kind of what will get more attention than they could ever accomplish. This is the reason why some of the school shooters seem able to perform atrocious acts, even though they come from good stable loving homes. Murder is part of a fantasy, Cal and Andre are totally lost in their fantasy, they almost can't see the reality of their actions. They turn fantasy into tragedy. <br /> <br /> What is second most compelling about this film is the character development and the exclusive dependence that Cal and Andre have on each other. Andre is openly the leader of the two throughout the film, Cal's embrace of his demeanor and clothing seems a bit forced. Andre is tense, Andre is intense and serious. He completely refuses the others except for his family, he is meticulous and precise about everything he does and for a while the first engine appears in the plot to attack the school. And yet he is sympathetic in his own way, does not embrace teenage nonsense and partly we feel obliged to agree with him, yet these moments are broken by the ephemeral gestures of violence against us that the public treats us both as a confidante and as a potential victim. On the other hand, Cal seems more relaxed than Andre, more accepting reality. Yet it is in its own way dominant. We have many personal moments of introspection with Cal's video diary, scenes when he is alone and besides Andre. Cal seems to struggle with his personal demons and use their plan to exorcise them. Andre is jealous of Cal going to the dance with an old friend, he wants Cal all for himself. Cal calms him down and encourages him. For the first time in his life, Andre seems to have found someone who believes in him and who admires him cannot lose him. While Cal has found someone who offers him a way out. <br /> <br /> The film certainly takes pace and improves as it approaches its sad conclusion. There is an excellent time when Cal attends high school dance. Suddenly the film's star becomes shy and introverted, not at all at ease with his peers. Yet we are inclined to feel more bond with Cal than with the hoarse, obscene crowd that screams youthful obscenities while they heavily drink in their limousine. Theirs is an episode that is all too common and recognizable. We don't want to relate to them, when it's over and Cal is back with Andre who is silently preparing one of their final videos, we like the characters to feel comfortable again in the fantasy world they created. We want to avoid the masses as they did. <br /> <br /> The penultimate scene is superb. The final video sees Andre and Cal arm themselves in their car a few moments before attacking. It's all too real and really creates a sense of impending ruin. We know that we know Cal and Andre and we are realizing that they are going to do it really, with a sort of morbid fascination that we are also enjoying the catharsis of the movies. <br /> <br /> The massacre shot in CCTV fashion is sometimes shocking and although it was certainly the perfect choice to describe the massacre, if we went there, it is not without flaws. What is more significant is the sudden radical change in the perception we have of Cal and Andre, looking at them in this person suddenly they are the insensitive killers that we knew they would be refused to recognize that they would do it. It is violent and real, our heroes have become monsters and the reality of their fantasy is a terrible tragedy, which costs them everything. <br /> <br /> The final scene shows a group of teenagers filming themselves burning the crosses erected for Andre and cal in disgust that were commemorated. Having met Andre and Cal we can only almost feel a sadness that in reality they have gone forever and that certainly they have not won anything. <br /> <br /> Zero day is a must for anyone interested in these media-sensitized violent acts. It's a study of the characters that are worth trying.
