As always, controversial films like this have mixed reviews. You love it or hate it, and not everyone will like this movie. This shows the perspective of the killers, which is something I personally think is something important to consider. You could hate them, you could expect to understand them and feel like you could relate, but regardless of this movie they will make you think of school shootings from a different perspective. <br /> <br /> The film is shot entirely using a freehand camera, something that I think works quite well as it makes it more realistic. It is told completely from the point of view of the murderers, from their "missions" to family outings, which started the big day "Zero Day" in which they are planning a massacre in their school. Zero Day offers no answers, but merely takes a look at the lives of two young boys in difficulty and lets the public decide for themselves. Our feelings towards boys are something mixed between sympathy and hatred, but nevertheless we remain confused as to why two young ordinary boys would do such a thing. They are surprisingly normal, typical adolescents who lead a normal life, and if we didn't know what they were planning we would not expect anything (they make it clear throughout the film that no one else knows of their life plan) <br /> <br /> La acting is extremely good considering that the two actors are completely unknown. We can only hope to see more work from both of them in the future. Despite the fact that it is a fictional film, one cannot help but notice the obvious similarities with Columbine. Calvin and Andre are frighteningly similar to Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold, (not so much in appearance but in manner) As someone who studied Columbine very carefully, I could see the similarities and almost certainly relies on it. <br /> <br /> The real massacre is shown through the school surveillance cameras and is one of the most chilling things I've ever seen. I was completely shocked after seeing it, and it's a feeling that stays around for a while. It's very realistic and well done, and it's very difficult to watch. <br /> <br /> Zero Day is an excellent film, and I think everyone should at least try it. In the past, we have always simply labeled "psychopathic" killers and believed that they were biologically linked to the disaster or that they had a media influence, but as Zero Day shows, sometimes the reasons are deeper than that, and we can never really understand because tragedies like school shootings happen until we see it from the point of view of the killers.
