The Unborn tells the story of a married couple named Virginia (Brooke Adames) and Bradley Marshall (Jeff Hayenga) who have been trying to conceive for the last five years, Virginia has had two abortions since then and desperately wants to have a child. They visit Dr. Richard Meyerling (James Karen) to ask for help after he has been recommended by some of their friends, Dr. Meyerling says he will be able to help them have a child. Dr. Meyerling operates in Virginia and it is soon confirmed that surgery was a success and Virginia is pregnant. At first it all looks perfect and Marshall's couldn't be happier, but their perfect lives don't last long while Virginia's pregnancy develops problems, becomes moody and acts totally out of character and gets a disturbing phone call from Beth (Jane Cameron ), another woman who underwent the procedure of Dr. Meyerling, who claims that Meyerling is indeed using her patients for her sinister purposes and is actually a genetic research disgrace. Virginia begins to question what is growing inside her ... <br /> <br /> Produced and directed by Rodman Flender I thought The Unborn was a decent horror / thriller (it's definitely not a science fiction movie like IMDb would you believe it) which pleasantly surprised me. Henry Dominic's script tries to be different and must at least take credit. Unborn goes for psychological horror rather than economic fears and bad special effects, it has a pretty clever story that works and plays on fundamental human fears. It moves at a good pace even if it is not exactly an action-packed film by any means. The climax was good and seemed like a perfect way to solve the problem and the warnings on how to deal with genetics seem even more relevant today than they were then, maybe Flender knew something that the rest of us didn't have. On the negative side some elements of exploitation are missing and at the bottom is a film based on dialogue that focuses mainly on one person, so it can get a bit boring at times. Also, I have to mention it, what about Erath was that grinning black dwarf skateboarding all about eh ?! <br /> <br /> Director Flender does a good job, The Unborn is far from the most stylish or visually interesting film ever made but is quite good. The atmosphere is good and there's a lot of tension like what Virginia has inside her and Dr. Meyerling's sinister plans aren't completely revealed until the last moment. The blood and the blood are almost non-existent and in a sense it drops the film because, in retrospect, nothing memorable happens, The Unborn relies on a good narrative that is fine, but in a week I doubt I will remember too much. <br /> <br /> Technically the film is OK, I imagine that The Unborn has a rather low budget but it is well done even if it is a bit bland and forgettable. The baby creature is actually a decent special effect and has a fairly realistic facial movement. The acting is good and this was one of the first acting jobs credited to the star of Friends (1994 - 2004) Lisa Kudrow, I have to be honest that I don't like friends and I don't even know who it was this way I can't tell you how she's gone. <br /> <br /> Unborn is a good horror / thriller that deserves to be more widely known and seen, it is much better than a lot of low budget shit than video store stores. If you're a horror fan and you're looking for something slightly different, something slightly smarter and more stimulating than usual, then I think you could do a lot worse than The Unborn. Followed by an astonished sequel The Unborn II (1994) that I immediately looked at, check my review if you want ..
