WARNING: POSSIBLE SPOILERS (but not really - read on). Ahhh, there are so many reasons to become completely dependent on this false gem that I won't have room to list them all. The opening titles define the playful scene with the stills of kitsch cartoons from the 50s; an enchanting Peres 'Prez' Prado mambo theme that seems to be curiously unaccredited (but his grunts are unmistakable, and no one else has made them); and with familiar cast names, including Kathy Najimi a full year before striking with Sister Acts 1 & 2 and Teri Hatcher of TV Superman. <br /> <br /> Each scene is imbued with superficial injustices launched at various actors, actresses and producers of daytime TV. Peeking behind these people's careers is just an excuse for an old-fashioned and delicious farce. Robert Harling wrote this unbridled parody that sounds like an issue of MAD Magazine, but it seems like a gift to the public. Some of the common characters are a bit weak, but all are full of jealousy, especially against Celeste Talbert (Sally Field), which is the perennial award-winning title of the show, nicknamed "America's Sweetheart". The opening of the daytime Emmys awards introduces us to the Celeste show, The Sun Also Sets. Against all the vain contrary fears, Celeste wins again. She's very happy, because it's always "a real thrill": "Adam, did you see? I won! Well, nguh ..." The reason for Adam's absence soon becomes the justification for the whole plot, and we are immediately on a journey with Celeste's neuroses. She cries, screams and wringes her hands even though the rest of the film while her Tawnee chest of drawers (Kathy Najimi, who constantly sways behind Celeste, invisible through Celeste's paranoid mist) indulges in a taste for Tammy Faye Baker, for whom Tawnee had actually been specifically hired. <br /> <br /> Rosie Schwartz (Whoopi Goldberg) has seen it all before. She is the lead author of the show, and she and Celeste have been excellent support networks to each other for 15 years. So, when Celeste goes mad, Rosie offers to write her out of the show for six months: "We'll just say that Maggie went to visit the Dalai Lama." But Celeste has doubts: "I thought the Dalai Lama moved to Los Angeles". "And then, some other llamas, Fernando Lamas, let's go!" Such a breakthrough line must be rather offensive to the still-living steaks Lorenzo Rosas, son of the aforementioned Fernando Lamas (died 1982). <br /> <br /> Who can remember the economics teacher (Ben Stein) on Ferris Bueller's Day Off (1986) while deadly calling the role ("Bueller, Bueller, Bueller"), will have the secret pleasure of see him again as a fool writer. Other well-hidden members of the cast include Garry Marshall (real life Mr. Happy Days and brother of Penny), who "was paid $ 1.2 million to make command decisions" on The Sun Also Sets - he says he definitely likes it "peppy and cheap" "; and Carrie Fisher in the role of Betsy Faye Sharon, who is a" bitch ". <br /> <br /> Geoffrey Anderson (Kevin Kline) is the" tasty with a spoon "(and it is, however) theater of the actor dinner now saved from his hell by David Seaton Barnes (Robert Downey Jr), and brought back to the same show he was boxed for 20 years before Obviously this presents some logical challenges for the current writers because his character, Rod Randall, he should have been beheaded all those years ago. Somehow they solve the logical difficulties, and Geoffrey Anderson comes out of the choo-choo. <br /> <br /> Celeste can only get worse now, and her trick of crossing the bridge of Washington no longer helps. his hands tremble as he tries to wear mascara, but soon he degenerates into a stalker. Unfortunately, he can't get rid of Geoffrey Anderson so easily. Geoffrey has been promised the development of his personal play on Hamlet and intends to keep the producer on that promise. "I will not return to Florida no-how!", Geoffrey claims. "Try to play Willie Loman in front of a bunch of old farts who eat meatloaf!" And indeed, seeing the lifestyle of Geoffrey's dinner among all the hocking and accidents is hilarious. Back in Florida with his fat Willie Loman suit in his room, Geoffrey Anderson used to bother being called to act as "Mr. Loman". He was forced to smash any cockroach crawling on his television with a shoe, and to use pliers instead of the broken analogue channel change. Now he finds himself making the delightful surgeon with Laurie Craven, the new ingenuity of the show; so don't go away. <br /> <br /> The beautiful Elizabeth Shue (in the role of Laurie) completes the extraordinary ensemble cast that makes all the fantastic work of those who know stereotypes too well. But of course the course of true love has never gone smoothly. Montana Moorehead (Cathy Moriarty) is getting impatient waiting for her star to grow, and is becoming desperate for some publicity. <br /> <br /> Will his plots finally succeed? Will Celeste calm her nerves or kill Tawnee first? Will the producer receive Mr. Fuzzy? -You just have to look * at the second half * of this absolutely lovable and farcical riot. <br /> <br /> And you really need to see how the myopic Geoffrey reads his lines without his glasses on TelePrompter. If you are not looking for laughter and tears pouring down your face, feel free to ask for the video rental money back. Soapdish (1991) is an unmissable gem that you will have to review again and again, because it is often not possible for a film to be so generous with so many hilarious jokes. This is a very well done humor, almost everything in writing. A draw with Blazing Saddles (1974) for the value of apoplexy snobs, although otherwise dissimilar. Watch it and cry. A happy source for anyone's video addiction. 10 out of 10.
