There are two distinct ways to enjoy this zealously written seminal TV show (the "godfather" on X-Files and Buffy, etc.); as a monster show (it scared the hell out of me when I was a kid!), or like a well written / recited gumshoe / film-noir. It works on both levels. Fear may have been diluted over the years (it was done in the mid-70s), but I was pleasantly surprised to rediscover the show (via DVD) that I enjoy the most now for the last few reasons. The late Darren McGavin IS Karl Kolchak, an eccentric, tenacious, noisy journalist / monster hunter who, in search of a story, always finds a supernatural corner; with great sorrow of the too stressed boss of Kolchak, Tony Vincenzo (played with a tremendous tiredness of the world by the great late Simon Oakland, you can practically feel the pain of his budding ulcers!). The interaction between these characters is crackling and witty (very similar to STAR TREK's Spock and McCoy, just more acid!). During two pilot TV films and a one-season series, Kolchack fought against vampires, robots, werewolves, witches, zombies, government conspiracies, aliens and ancient legends (looks like the whole 9-year X-Files race! In ONE season!). And Kolchak did it first! And as for the excellent music of the main title of the composer Gil Melle ... well, the creator of X-Files Chris Carter calls the theme of the main title of X-Files by Mike Snow (very similar) a "tribute". Both themes work well; forget it. And unlike many modern horror / science fiction shows, most of the KOLCHAK monsters are shown in shadow, and in quick cuts (effectively, and sometimes thankfully, as some of them do not hold up to modern control, but some do they still do). Modern horror shows: less IS more! One of the few flaws in the show (and it's a small one) is the overuse of sunny California and Californian clubs passing through the windy city of Chicago. The NIGHT GALLERY had the same problem; inevitable for a modest budget, show based on L.A. And some of the supporting characters seem to fall into what are (now) seen as clichés (the effeminate journalist, Ron Updike, always used for comic relief: the sweet, old lady / columnist advisor Emily). But everyone has their moments to awaken (unlike many supporting TV personalities, clichés or not!). KOLCHAK is a timeless show that serves as a model for many who followed. And Carl Kolchak is one of the richest characters ever written for a horror genre television program (Agent Mulder's real dad). And as a footnote, I tried to watch some episodes of the new, "re-imagine" the show. Is it an X-Files clone (a copy of a copy?). And a bad one, to this. Carl Kolchak is now a graceful, agonizing 30-something model (played unpleasantly by a boring Stuart Townsend). And giving him a Scully type mate is also a lame idea; kills Kolchak like a loner, crusader Don Quixote! And Kolchak and Vincenzo IS IT? Where is the tension? The interaction? The fact that they have chosen to hang the KOLCHAK name on this regurgitated bit is a prime example of how NOT to do a remake: take a cult cult series, scrape away everything that is unique in it, unplug it from all characters and colors ( but the name continues! Need that cult cred!), and voila! Instant re-hash! Get an "F" in "Re-imaginations 101"! This new version has reserved the ax! Attacks with the short but classic original. It really improves with age.
