I loved KOLCHAK: THE NIGHT STALKER since I saw it the night it was first presented September 13, 1974. I loved the monsters that at the time looked scary and the fantastic music of Gil Melle (hey, where 'is the soundtrack?) And I often thought about what makes this show so complete for me and I finally concluded that the reason it lasts when many others don't do it is a simple, important element that has almost no other scary show and which is a main character that most people can identify on a daily basis. When Carl Kolchak of Darren McGavin begins to discover strange situations, he reacts as most people would. He finds them strange and when he gets close to danger, he is scared, even though he knows he has to go on to try to defeat any threat being shown in that episode. It is rare that he is brave enough to oppose a superior supernatural force. Usually you set a trap and hide or wait behind the scenes to see if it works. Sometimes, he seems surprised that he managed to defeat an enemy like us. In one episode, he goes to look for a monster in a sewer but when he sees it for the first time, he runs out of there but is trapped so reluctantly, he has to go back and defend himself. He is heroic because he is willing to do things that most of us probably wouldn't do, but that doesn't mean that he probably wouldn't much prefer someone else to do it for him. He's a normal guy, he's doing a job, he's trying to make money, not a monster hunter. He gets buggered only in things that concern the supernatural, to which he is interested, but he does not want to be hurt or killed any more than all of us do. If his plan to defeat the creature did not work, you will often see him running to save his life, which is obviously what I would do in the situation. That's why I was watching the climax of the shows through my fingers as a child. Kolchak was nice and you cared if something bad happened to him. You were afraid for him and also for the other characters. Producers and writers obviously knew that anyone can create a monster costume, scary music and direct a suspense scene, but it's all useless if you don't care about the characters. Darren McGavin said the reason the show lasted only in season is because he got tired of doing a "monster of the week" show and decided not to continue. I can tell you that I cried when this show was canceled when I was a child, but as an adult, I can understand why it could not continue in that formula for a long time. I still love the 20 episodes and two films starring McGavin as the clumsy, determined and brusque but kind-hearted reporter for the INS, known as Carl Kolchak. I seriously doubt that anyone who does shows or movies will ever really understand why I loved the show. It's not the monsters, the dark ensembles, the creepy music or the stupendous stars of the guests, although they are all vital ingredients. The secret of his success is right there in the title: "Kolchak: The Night Stalker". Without the amiable, deceitful Carl Kolchak of McGavin to cheer and care for him, then he is not just a night hunter.
