This must be, hands down, hat out, one of the most amazing comedies ever made. Starting from the animated bubbles, from the bubbles that crackle, from the entrance to the Daytime Awards, from the usual fake crowd thrown up by the stars on the red carpet, from the speech of acceptance recited and badly performed, from the poisonous comments pronounced by the co-protagonists and jealous producers actor, under false smiles. Now THAT is only in the first few minutes. Then, all hell breaks loose from there and just gets more frantic and ridiculous. Ridiculous in a good way, no, make this a great way. It was the first time I saw the ever-charming Teri Hatcher. Although I can't be a follower of Desperate Housewives, she is always watchable - the same goes for Lois and Clark. Not a great follower, but if I run into an episode I would watch it. Robert Downey, jr., Makes a big breakthrough as David Seaton Barnes, the slimy, thin, serene, sophanic, producer who would have given his right eye to see Celestal Celeste of Sally Field leave the show, if only to finally arrive to take it with Cathy Moriarty's Montana Moorehead. <br /> <br /> Moriarty absolutely shines in this film, just like he did everywhere. Here, all he has to do is scream "I HATE YOU HATE THAT YOU CREATE!" or give one of his anti-Celestial co-conspirators a wicked smile, and she rolls me into the corridors. Yes, Cathy Moriarty is a very gifted actress and a hell of a comedian. Sally Field gratefully starts from the usual 70 mm tragedy films of Week of the Week, and we are reminded of why it is what it is today, having started in comedy without fear of anything. His subsequent years of drama had hidden his sense of humor, but like a caterpillar in a cocoon, the genial comic that had blossomed and was happy to see it so hilarious as it was. The thing with dramatic actors and actresses is that you see roles so heavy and serious, that you associate them with their character and you can't believe it when you finally see them having fun on the screen. <br /> <br /> How lucky the producers were to disembark Carrie Fisher, if only for a glorified cameo. He does not realize what presence she brings to the screen. She takes on a role that, in the hands of a minor actress, could easily have been forgotten, but she owns the character and seems to have written it herself. <br /> <br /> How lucky Elisabeth Shue was thrown in the middle of it all! At that time, she wasn't very well known. Adventures in Babysitting was nice (yes, I was dragged into an evening show for which I had to pay a full price), but it didn't catch my attention - - a lot. But here, he manages to make the most of his character - Stella's niece who falls in love with the former co-star-and-lover of the star who, of course, turns out to be her granddaughter's father, and the star turns out to be the poor mother girl. <br /> <br /> I stop here - I seem to have practically written a book about this brilliant fucked comedy, or at least a short story. If you've seen it, then remember. If you didn't, you lost a true classic, but not really. DVDs are made of a material that will last for at least 25 years, and this film is timeless, so what the hell.
