Bill Crain's rarer and rarer film Bill Crain certainly does not follow the standard guidelines and guidelines that have become so essential to his counterparts. This time the spaurek uses grenades and small arms as well as an impressive series of melee weapons; - a pity that is virtually unacceptable in most post-Halloween genre pieces. But there is still enough familiarity to prevent the slasher buffs from checking the rules book and the plot never strays too far from the path you expected. Just as Wally Koz's surprisingly discreet 555 is apparently put together with the help of various members of his family, Mirage appears to have been a joint production of the director's relatives. Looking through the credits I noticed numerous "Crains" listed in key positions during the construction of the feature. But despite the fair distribution worldwide, the film failed to make an impression on both sides of the Atlantic and has now become virtually a phantom of the VHS market. Nevertheless, did this make me even more pleasure and so I put a strain on my resources to track down a copy ?? <br /> <br /> Everything takes place in the middle of the dessert, which, as I'm sure, you'll agree is certainly not the most exciting location. Having said that, I must admit that there will certainly be no chance of John Q Laws imposing unexpectedly. Four undeniably beautiful young men come out into the sand for a night of debauchery and jokes that always seem to rub the homicidal maniacs in the wrong way. Chris (Jennifer McAllister) and her boyfriend Greg (Kenny Johnson) meet up with hilarious new age Trip hippies (Kevin McParland) and Mary (Nicole Anton) in a captivating campground in the middle of the wild dune nature. Greg's older brother, Kyle (Todd Schaefer) and his prosperous girlfriend Bambi (Laura Albert) show up early to join the body counting applicants in their search for an early grave. Did Kyle go out with Chris before his younger brother took the liberty of stealing his hold? something that Kyle doesn't seem too eager to forget. Seems like a reason for a massacre? Well, what did you expect? In a short time, an invisible who drives a truck with tinted windows joins the rally with a unique series of sockets in the sleeve. Will any of the children survive for a sequel? <br /> <br /> I had trouble tracking down any information about this feature. I don't even know if director Bill Crain is alias William Crain ?? the man behind Midnight Fear and Blacula among others. Mirage certainly does not appear in his official filmography, so your hypothesis is as good as mine. Judging from the credible work behind the camera, I should say that I find it hard to believe that this is the debut of a man without previous cinematic experiences. The film is elegantly photographed with a superb work by DP Michael Crain and the director boasts a credible talent for creating suspense when needed. R. Christopher Biggs' FX gore is created in an imaginative and creepy way, and they congratulate the sleepy head of the BBFC which, inexplicably, let this pass through UNCUT on a usually severe rating of 18. A couple of murders are really extremely macabre. A boy is buried up to his neck in the sand before coming face to face with a grenade, while another literally ends up with no legs after losing a battle with a chain and a pickup truck! There is also some black humor that is certainly not intentional. We spend most of the movie seeing only the killer boots as he exits his vehicle and chases the youth. But when it turned out to be hilariously like Keanu Reeves for Bill and Ted's Bogus Journey, I really didn't know what to expect. Fortunately, Crain knows exactly how to keep things scary and the showdown is particularly petty when the psychopath taunts Chris sadistically. <br /> <br /> There are some surprisingly good performances on display from an extremely inexperienced cast. The divine Jennifer McAllister does a great job as the heroine and the B.G. Steers portrays his rocker dementia with finesse. The director of Casting has wisely chosen to select some of the most beautiful females ever slaughtered in slasher cinema and gratefully does not reach the cost of Thespian's potential. The soundtrack works well to build the desolate atmosphere of isolation, carefully managed by a director who should have been signed and nurtured by the Hollywood big boys. Watch out for the superb nightmare sequence that is really horror movie at its strangest. <br /> <br /> Mirage is a good entry late in the cycle which was a bit unlucky to miss a boom year among the elite slasher. If you consider that this was done with only a cast of seven and a pick up, you have to say that they did a great job. The defects are numerous, but they never diminish the credibility of the net result. Unfortunately, you are probably more likely to find liquid gold in your coffee cup than you ever tracked down a copy. If you see this covered in dust on the top shelf of your local video store, make sure you take it. Recommended.
