Some of the best films that are classified as "comedies" actually confuse comedy and drama. "The Graduate" and "Butch Cassidy and Sundance Kid", also made in the late 1960s, are perfect examples. Are they comedies with dramatic undertones, or dramas with much humor? In many respects, "The Odd Couple" falls into this same category of being both comedy and highly dramatic with deep foundations of human nature. Much of what happens can be fun for the public, but the characters are not laughing. <br /> <br /> Despite the rather carefree TV show of the 70s, the original "Odd Couple" is not just a clean guy and messy guy who are forced to live together because of their marriage situation. These are really two opposites that have to face the reason why their marriages have fallen apart and how their harmful idiosyncrasies are revealed outside of their marriage. Neatness, the characteristic of Felix Ungar (perfectly launched Lemon) and disorder, the characteristic of Oscar Madison (Walter Matthau), are just the beginning and a bit superficial. As the story unfolds, we find that there is much more to these men than simply simplicity over confusion. <br /> <br /> In short, the story really speaks of Felix Ungar, who faces an imminent divorce from his wife Francis, whom we never meet, but is an important character throughout the story. On the brink of suicide, Ungar goes to the only place he knows: Oscar Madison's apartment, where a group of poker friends meet once in a while. We find out that Ungar is not just a member of this "poker club", but the group knows what is happening to him and tries, in their inept way, to lend a hand. Madison is the best way to help Ungar let him go with him until his suicidal tendencies vanish. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately for Madison, she doesn't know what she is doing. Madison is carefree and carefree, although rather irresponsible, whose refrigerator was last cleaned probably when Herbert Hoover was still in the White House. Madison's idea of ​​serving snacks is to grab the moldy cheese and glue it between two pieces of bread and then throw the contents of a bag of chips onto the table. On the other hand, he enjoys alcohol and women, in short of having fun. <br /> <br /> Ungar is not just completely different, it is diametrically opposed. It is not just an obsessive and orderly madman who finds more joy in disinfecting the apartment than meeting women, but he knows more than most women do about cooking and good food. At one point, he calls his ex-wife, not to talk about reconciliation, but to get his recipe for meatloaf. At another time, Ungar would have spent the rest of the evening cutting cabbage for coleslaw. When Madison doesn't seem impressed, Ungar finally confesses that he was doing it only for his roommate because he couldn't stand the cabbage salad. Who is this guy? But it has another captivating feature: Felix is ​​also a hypochondriac. He is obsessed with his health to the point where he makes strange noises in public places claiming he is helping her breasts. Seems to have all the health conditions in the book. And if they had invented more, Felix probably would have had them. Ultimately, it is excessively self-absorbing. <br /> <br /> The whole film is about marriage. At one point, when Madison is trying to convince Ungar to move, he says "What do you want, a wedding ring?" But he does not know that it is not the clean type that cannot deal with the messy, but the opposite. Their friendship becomes an involuntary hellish relationship. And the climax occurs when Oscar invites two lonely British sisters for a meeting with comic and tragic results. This is one of the best comedies of its kind ever written and not to be missed, with superlative performances by Walter Matthau and Jack Lemon in roles that are hard to imagine better interpreted by anyone else. It is a pity that writing of this caliber is sadly lacking in most of the comedies produced today.
