I don't think I've ever given Walter Matthau the merit of being a comedian. Surely it was wonderful in many carefree roles, but I think I always put his success in the grumpiness and ruthlessness of his characters, a sharp contrast to the extravagant personality of his frequent co-star Jack Lemmon, and, I suppose, a natural extension of his previous works in dramatic paintings. Watching Gene Saks "The Odd Couple (1968)", adapted from a popular play by Neil Simon, the realization suddenly struck: Matthau is, in its own right, absolutely funny! Initially hitting the public as dirty, rude and generally unattractive, his Oscar Madison eventually succeeds in making his way into our hearts, culminating in a confusing exhilaration of emotions that Matthau raspes in a voice that is not his own. At the same time, while holding his comedian, his interaction with Lemmon is, of course, perfect for pitch; indeed, the film rightly belongs to both actors, who have never failed to illuminate the cinema screen by themselves, let alone together. <br /> <br /> Referring to the screenplay by Billy Wilder for 'The Apartment (1960),' this Neil Simon comedy develops around a rather morbid premise. Felix Unger (Lemmon), forced to clean the house, has just been evicted from his wife for twelve years, tries to commit suicide, but leaves the idea unnecessarily after destroying his back trying to open the hotel window. Disconsolate, he arrives at the home of good friend Oscar (Matthau), a divorced disincarnate who lives alone with a diet of chips and green rolls (which could contain both a very new cheese and a very old meat!). Oscar kindly offers Felix a place to stay, but he is soon overwhelmed by his friend's picky personality and constant insistence on absolute cleanliness. The couple forms an unusual kind of marital agreement, with Felix taking on the role of the effeminate and constantly annoying wife, and Oscar as the sloppy and inappropriate husband who always returns home later than he should. This is a marriage that barely lasts three weeks and, in the end, we can fully understand Felix's ex-wife, who remains invisible. <br /> <br /> 'The Odd Couple' is a fantastic comedy, especially because it has a lot of heart. As much as they argue, it's obvious that the two roommates have a lot of affection for each other, the most moving seen when Felix tries to launch himself into a furious tirade instead ?? perhaps inadvertently ?? ending up informing Oscar as his "top". Even the four poker partners of the pair (John Fiedler, Herb Edelman, David Sheiner and Larry Haines) are constantly tormenting each other for a dark annoyance, but there is no denying that they have the best intentions. Their decision to treat Felix as if nothing had happened to him could have sounded good in theory, but perhaps ignorance was not the right solution to the dark feelings of Felix's inadequacy and irrelevance. Unlike some comedies based on popular theatrical performances (I was recently disappointed by Wilder's The Seven Year Itch (1955)), this film does not just beat the same chord all the time, and the relationship between the two protagonists is progressively developed , through tears, laughter and a lot of disagreement.
