There's more to offer in the opening of The Odd Couple than in the entirety of most movies. Felix Unger (the monogram of the poor boy even curses him) checks in a hotel in New York. A cleaning lady says "Good night". "Goodbye" he replies. In his room his pockets are emptied, then he fights to take away his faith only to put the objects in an envelope, addressed to his wife and his beloved children. When does the viewer finally put it together? aha, are you going out of yourself ?? we watch him struggle to open the window ?? oh no, will you skip ?? The poor boy injures the lower back. This is all you need to know about Felix Unger ?? his wife left him, he is a compulsive cleaner and is hypochondriac. And all in one scene. This is the particular genius of Neil Simon's comedy ?? concerns the situation and character. Are there some obvious physical jokes ?? no kicks in the groin, no cheap gags ?? only funny characters in awkward situations. And, of course, he is a master at manipulating public expectations. Coming from the Swingers era, imagine what I thought in the scene where Felix starts complaining about the breakup of his marriage with girls, his roommate Oscar worked so hard to get into his apartment. He's blowing it, right? Think again. The girls love his sensitivity, his ability to cry in front of them. They invite him to their place since his meatloaf burned because Oscar didn't pay enough attention to him. It's like Flynn, right? Uh, yes, but he doesn't want to go with girls because he feels vulnerable. Big things. And it's made even bigger with a style that minimizes editing and maximizes the wonderful eight-room apartment. You have Jack Lemmon and the sloppy, tacky Walter Matthau for Chrissakes, why ruin it all? The visual style reminded me of Breakfast at Tiffany's, as the great effect is given by a great depth of field and the interaction between the various action plans. Particularly memorable is the scene in which Felix, escaping from Oscar, closes a partition only to realize that the partition does not cover the side from which Oscar comes. You get a real sense of the layout of the apartment, and therefore the closeness in which the two divorced people live. The twist is that these two are really married ?? each other. So the remarks about married life that could be ignored in a common romantic comedy are made even more touching as they are two boys.
