I received this film from a cousin in Norway and had to convert it from the Norwegian format to the American one with a copied video. Comparing this film (1948) with the Heroes of Telemark (1965), Kampen om Tungtvannet (The struggle for heavy water) projects the same saboteurs, playing their respective roles, although the actors are also called to interpret the roles of saboteurs who they gave their lives in Norway's struggle for freedom in later campaigns. The plot is in four languages: Norwegian along with French, German and English (complete with Norwegian subtitles). <br /> <br /> Impressive during this course of history was what led to the fight. French scientists were interested in getting about two hundred kilograms of heavy water from Norsk Hydro to Vemork to return to France to do laboratory studies on its effectiveness. At the same time, the Nazis were also interested in getting heavy water to build a secret weapon. The French were worried that the Nazis would soon take the lead by invading Norway, and through the secret codes, their man carefully avoided the Nazi spies on his trip to Oslo where he received heavy water and made it back without obstacles. He was guarded by two spies as he boarded an airliner, but they did not see him jump to the other side where he crossed the asphalt towards another plane nearby where his cargo was waiting for him. This clever trick worked by using the airliner as a bait that the Nazis later forced to abandon in Hamburg. <br /> <br /> However, the invasion of Norway on the morning of April 9, 1940, the Nazis took control of Norsk Hydro and it was up to the Norwegian Underground and British intelligence in London to take action. Professor Leif Trondstad volunteered for eleven young Norwegians; the groups "Rondine" and "Gunnerside" that would have successfully sabotaged the production of heavy water in Vemork. This was shown in detail on how they actually carried out the operation, including the sinking of the ferry after the Nazis abandoned Norsk Hydro to bring heavy water transport on rail cars to Berlin. <br /> <br /> The quality of the film was right even though there were many joints in the film. I highly recommend this film to anyone interested in the history of World War II.
