It seems a little embarrassing to define a film about war and the shocking holocaust, as many of us will know all too well about the horrors that war and violence bring. Using the adjective 'shocking' I do not mean that I am surprised at the things told in this film or that in the past I was not aware of them, it's just that I am very impressed by the way this film shows how crazy and incomprehensibly horrible it is to kill oneself each other, with or without a "reason". <br /> <br /> The first part of the film focuses on Hanna's successful participation in the Hungarian resistance. Maruschka Detmers would never have won an Oscar for this performance, due to inconsistent directing, but her acting is still quite solid and has enormous charisma. He cast very well like Hanna and has endured our sympathy. Its very beautiful appearance helps, of course, but this has nothing to do with the fact that it is simply a good actress, who plays an important part. <br /> <br /> Some inconsistencies continue to occur in Hanna's War. Sometimes I get the idea that the director Menahem Golan (often scorned for The Gianni Versace Murder) was in a hurry and actually should have allowed some other take per scene. On the other hand, I am very grateful that he made this awesome and inspiring film and that I am very positive about it, I think he did a good job. <br /> <br /> The second part of the film is the most interesting and tragic. He focuses on the suffering of Hanna (watch out for the appalling interpretation of Donald Pleasence by the cruel and sardonic captain Rosza) and shows intensely the injustice and horror that come from hatred, violence and war. I receive Hanna's war, especially the second half, as a strong anti-war film and that's why only the Golan deserves credit. It is also this second half in which the talent of Maruschka Detmer comes out, creating a character that enters the history of cinema as one of the most talking, strong and tragic of all time. It's also nice to see Ellen Burstyn, whose appearance and style of acting always remind me of Romy Schneider, who - she was alive and cast - would have made an equally effective contribution to Hanna's War. <br /> <br /> the tragic impact of the second part and the desperate tension that is sometimes replaced by prospects of hope and good news lead to a number of final scenes that show something so unexpected, so moving and poetic in the his tragedy that struck me like a bomb and left me in tears. And when I realized once again that it wasn't even a fiction, everything really happened, I found myself even more in tears. The image of Hanna portrayed by Maruschka Detmers will be forever in my mind.
