This film captures a lot of criticism, but this is usually based on the horrible and covered / dressed version of the film that played on American television and was even killed on VHS and DVDs buy companies like Alpha, Unicorn, etc. The film never had a film in the United States, although it was chosen by the Avco Embassy in 1973. In Spain, at the time when nudism was involved, the filmmakers shot two versions, one with clothes and one with out . The English fully cut dubbed export print was entitled WEREWOLF NEVER SLEEPS and appears to have been released to home videos only in Sweden in the 1980s. It can be found on Ebay and the like and comes highly recommended. My hypothesis is that Avco has shot down the film for an R version never made. In 1974 it was distributed by Avco on television called FURY OF THE WOLFMAN and the dressed version was used for this television press. Cut to 12 years later and FURY OF THE WOLFMAN appears in the home video on the Charter label. This version seems to be what Avco would release in '73. It is the discovered version, with some nudity that would never pass on TV or in a PG movie. There are several scenes on the Carta tape that reproduce with nudity dressed in the television press (the source of all Dud's editions and VHS of the dollar). But a comparison with the completely cut WOLFMAN NEUT SLEEPS reveals that 2 scenes have been cut in this version! (spoiler in the next paragraph) The scene in which Ilona chained Waldermar to the wall and whip after it turned into the werewolf is incomplete. After tossing it, she starts taking off her clothes and starts making love with the werewolf !!! The werewolf also responds positively to these sexual tricks. This scene is certainly one of the most unusual in the history of horror movies and is a delusional surprise. It is not graphic but the implicit bestiality was too much for the American public, or more probably for the MPAA. Ilona is desperately in love with Waldemar and could not possess him, so her whole plan to control Waldermar's wife and involve her in a relationship. He wanted to destroy his marriage, and she realizes this while Waldemar is in Tibet. Unfortunately he returns a werewolf, but that doesn't slow it down a bit. If he can't physically have him as a man, she loves him enough to have sex with him as a werewolf. This also helps to explain the next scene in which the werewolves' beds hit a woman he sees naked before going to sleep while peeking out his window. This scene is presented without nudity in the covered version and actually makes no sense. In the full version, it would seem that Ilona's affections made the werewolf excited and in need of release, thus raping the first woman who can after escaping. The other cut is a complete scene of Waldemar in bed with Karen and is seen naked. A very similar chamber scene was cut off from the American version of WEREWOLF SHADOW (WEREWOLF VS THE VAMPIRE WOMAN). The film has its problems though, for sure. The director was drunk, the ugly one presented the werewolf at the points, the atrocious English dubbing, the inclusion of sequences from Waldemar's first film, MARK OF THE WOLFMAN aka TERROR BLOODY FRANKENSTEIN and the grotesque excessive use of that movie's soundtrack , etc., But seen in its original and uncut widescreen format (for example: WEREWOLF NEVER SLEEPS) it is one of the wildest and most outrageous of Daninsky's werewolf series, with a plot line unmatched in all but the approach of kitchen sink. The cutting and scanning of full-screen copies of this film does not do favors and unfortunately this is the version that almost everyone has commented on the film. The film bears a copyright from 1970, and I bet the 1972 release date on IMDb is incorrect. The film precedes WEREWOLF SHADOW (aka WEREWOLF VS THE VAMPIRE WOMAN) in the series and was certainly released before WEREWOLF SHADOW. The finale of WEREWOLF NEVER SLEEPS / FURY OF THE WOLFMAN fits directly into the opening of WEREWOLF SHADOW, offering concrete proof of this. Unfortunately, a full version of this may never get a decent version. A perfect version would be the full English version but in Spanish with English subtitles. The English dubbing seriously injures the film. But any Spanish version would mirror the covered version, as shown in Spain during the Franco era, where nudity was verboten.
