One day someone will write an essay that compares Paul Naschy's "Fury of the Wolfman" to the great Spanish surrealist films, "L'age D'or" and "Un Chien Andelou". The Naschy film is a masterpiece of delirium from beginning to end. Dali and Bunuel probably loved it, and they ate their hearts seeing someone doing so easily what they had to smash their brains out. <br /> <br /> The film lacks a cohesive structure even though it has a plot that moves from A to B to C. A jumble on a "Professor Walterman" - his name, mind you - that was bitten from a Yeti monster during an expedition to Tibet and it hasn't been the same since then, which is understandable. One of his jealous colleagues, the crazy daughter of the famous Dr. Wolfstein, knows his condition and reveals that his wife has betrayed him. But it's a setup for a twisted scientific experiment to unleash his inner beast. <br /> <br /> "Walterman" turns, turns into a werewolf, kills some people, is electrocuted, dies, is buried, unburied, taken in a castle full of circus fanatics, connected to various machines, hoe with assorted electronic effects, injected with powerful elixirs, chained, turns into a werewolf, a woman in an evening dress with thigh-high nazi fetish boots whips him, he flees, helps the beautiful doctor out of the castle , repulses the freaks of the circus with a battle ax, eventually turns into a werewolf, and must fight to the death against the incarnation of the werewolf of the traitor wife. The lady in the Nazi boots shoots him with silver bullets from her Luger pistol, they die together, and the handsome doctor walks off in the morning with the studied journalist, who does nothing. "Look, what a beautiful day!" <br /> <br /> "The Fury of the Hombre Lobo" was written by Paul Naschy quickly. The original director Enrique Eguilez was fired and replaced by José María Zabalza, a drunk who was infamously intoxicated throughout the production. He was often unable to work (although he found the time to instruct his 14-year-old nephew to make some changes to the script) and Naschy ended up directing much of the unaccredited film. Zabalza has gathered enough to film some action scenes from one of Naschy's previous films, "Mark of the Wolfman". The scenes were fortunately good enough to be used twice, even if the costumes were different, and helped get out of the runtime after Zabalza refused to get out of bed to finish the film. Post production was a nightmare. No one knew who was doing the editing, the money ran out, the master press disappeared for a while, and then at a pre-release screening for a film distributor the executive arrived to find Zabalza urinating in the sewer in front of the theater. He was too drunk to find the bathroom, but at least he managed to reach the sidewalk. <br /> <br /> And yet, somehow, the film works, if you let it. Call those atavistic memories we have about dark castles, vaulted catacombs, chains, whips, dark moors. Fans of this kind of thing will find it hypnotically watchable even if the story as a whole does not make much sense due to the break in the discontinuity of the execution. In one scene his driving rain and the wolfman howls at lightning; in the next shot he has his bone dry and is howling at the full moon. Then it rains again. Yet you don't look at it like a blunder. It is like a dream that reveals itself where contradictions are possible, opposites are the same and effects proceed as causes; First the wolfman takes the electric cable and screams, and then the cable starts to sparkle with electricity. People say that its low budget is bad for overall effectiveness - I say the film would have been unwatchable if they had an extra penny to spend. It is a wonder to do something from nothing and it fails for what it might have, but for what it does. It's easy to laugh at things like this and even easier to liquidate. The trick is to be able to see through chaos, or rather to consider chaos as part of the effect. <br /> <br /> Paul Naschy died last week at the age of 75. He was suffering from pancreatic cancer for a year or more, he was working on film projects until his last days, but he died in Madrid, Spain, with his family while receiving chemotherapy treatment. His rich, varied and surprisingly long career is a legacy for a man who stubbornly pursues his artistic vision in the face of universal general disinterest. Yet in all of us there is an eleven-year-old boy who will watch his films as "Fury of the Wolfman" with amazement. Even people who don't like Euro Horror will discover something in this movie to admire, even if only for a minute in a couple of commercials. You can find it for free on Archive.Org or even buy it on a DVD for a nickel. It is worth much, much more. <br /> <br /> Funny, Naschy was horrified to learn that many others like me consider this little film twisted, sick and insane as a classic, if not an absolute masterpiece of Cinema Dementia. The problems he encountered during the production and the chaos of a movie that was left after were perhaps too personal artistic disappointment for Naschy to forgive. I never imagined I'd dare to forgive him for him, but I'll say this: I'd rather watch "Furia del Lupo" in his darker, cut and degraded public domain print than the overbearing and hateful crap ever churn out Swine cinepida this or any other weekend. <br /> <br /> The world has lost a great artist this month. Watch his films and remember. <br /> <br /> 9/10
