A tumultuous farce set in the world of glamorous daytime soap operas! This movie is hilarious! Of course, you have to have a taste for movies with screaming, hysterical dialogues, exaggerated acting and melodramatic twists. But if you do, you're ready for a party. <br /> <br /> Sally Field plays Celeste Talbert, the "Queen of Misery" of daytime TV. Celeste's quiet life is upset by the unexpected arrival of Lori Craven (Elisabeth Shue), her long-lost niece, and, simultaneously, Jeffrey Anderson (Kevin Kline - splendid as always), Celeste's longtime lover. But Celeste has hidden a deep and dark secret, and the arrival of Lori and Jeffrey could bring him to the surface. Add the diabolical Montana Moorehead (a wonderful Cathy Moriarty, in full "stunning woman with testosterone-free mode"), who is trying hard to destroy Celeste's career; David (Robert Downey, Jr.), the boy's soap maker who is secretly plotting with Montana to ruin Celeste; and, Rose Schwarz (Whoopi Goldberg), screenwriter and Celeste's only true confidant, and you're ready for a bunch of subplots and general chaos. <br /> <br /> Chaotic comedies like this are difficult to perform (does anyone remember 'Mixed nuts'?), But if done right, it can be damn funny! An important ingredient that is necessary for any good comedy is the casting of experienced professionals who know that many times the funniest things are not said but seen in an expression or a look. Field, Kline, Goldberg and the others all work together so well and are clearly experiencing a fantastic moment that is hard not to get caught up in their energy and enthusiasm. Shue is clearly the weakest link here, but it only draws attention to itself because it is surrounded by Field, Kline and others. Moriarty is a strong role in the showy role of villainess, making you think of the most damn dominatrix you've ever seen !! There are also many familiar faces that you will recognize in small (but still very funny) roles, including Carrie Fisher, Garry Marshall, Kathy Najimy and Teri Hatcher. The director Michael Hoffman maintains the fast pace and the histrionic plot moves towards the great goal. Mention must also be made of the screenplay by Robert Harling, carefully constructed to stage a soap opera within a soap opera. The dialogue is in draft with broad lines, brilliantly delivered by the actors (I would be willing to bet that many things have been improvised). <br /> <br /> Look, if you want to see a lot of professionals do what they do best and have fun doing it, get your hands on it. If nothing else, it will put you in a good mood and make you laugh!
