I saw it when it was previewed and I reviewed it again on IFC. This is a great account of the many possible stories about the population of immigrant agricultural workers who came to Hawai'i to work on sugar plantations in the early 1900s. My grandparents were part of that migration; my parents were born on a Kohala plantation (Big Island) at the time of the film. I moved to Big Island over a year ago, having lived in California for over 30 years. I was surprised to see that many of the former reed cultivation lands are still underdeveloped, with the wild reed still growing, years after the plantations were closed. I have heard many stories of aunts and uncles who were children growing on the plantation. This film helps to imagine those types of stories and memories. This story is more of a historical document than a plot based romantic movie. He lets me shake my head to read a review like ccthemovieman's. Some people just don't understand. <br /> <br /> I don't remember that Youki Kudoh played the lead role, with whom he did an incredible job. I remember his great performances in Jim Jarmusch's "Mystery Train" and an Australian film in which he starred with Russell Crowe, "Heaven's Burning". Tamlyn Tomita did a great job with her pidgin English, especially for someone who didn't grow up on the islands. I had forgotten that Toshiro Mifune had a cameo role as a narrator of moving images. And I missed the fact that Jason Scott Lee had a non-discredited and non-speaking party as one of the plantation workers during the payday scene. <br /> <br /> It saddened me to discover that the director and co-author, Kayo Hatta, died in an accidental drowning in 2005. <br /> <br /> There are two other excellent foreign films that reflect this experience of sugar cane plantation: "Gaijin" on cane immigrant workers in Brazil (many of them Japanese) in the same period of time; and "Sugar Cane Alley" on the experience of cane planting in Africa. The latter is still available, but "Gaijin", unfortunately, does not seem to have been shown for some time. Another great film about the first Asian experience in America when immigrants were more like slaves is "A thousand pieces of gold". This was set on involving Chinese workers in the construction of the railway, with Rosalind Chao, Chris Cooper, Michael Paul Chan and Dennis Dun.
