I read with great interest the only comment available before my own in this film and I would first like to say that I understand the point of view of the previous user who commented very well on this film: seen from an Israeli perspective, I can imagine very well that this film touches on very delicate questions and that the slightest detail can have a great importance for a spectator who is more or less directly interested by the events represented in this film. What I would like to say is that "Distortion" was shown at a film festival in Geneva in November 2005 (Festival "Cinéma tout écran") where it won the public prize ("Prix du public" in French). As for me, I liked the "nervous camera" work of Mr. Bouzaglo, which, in my opinion, portrayed an atmosphere of extreme tension and unease in the film very well, and I think most Swiss viewers have enjoyed this movie. This prospect, however, may seem completely "foreign" to an Israeli observer, but not so surprising when it comes to Swiss viewers, because Switzerland is a country that has never suffered terrorist attacks. It is not surprising therefore that the Geneva public has judged this film with a much more "detached" perspective. I would also like to mention what Mr Bouzaglo said when he was interviewed by a Geneva newspaper (I am translating from French): "After 50 years of life here and after having suffered all this violence, we could ask ourselves if it is still possible to stay normal. Sometimes we might think that it would be easier to commit suicide than to continue living. We are like the characters in my film, "on the edge of the edge". This is why the private detective, who is somehow "voyeur", is the happiest character in the film, because he earns his living thanks to the system, he takes advantage of this situation "This is, in essence, the The thing the main one that I and the Swiss public, in my opinion, emphasized in this film, and that we did not pay attention to some inconsistencies concerning the characters of the film that the previous reviewer pointed out with great precision and humor, so to summarize, country different = different perspective, but I think this is somehow fantastic, because it reassures me regarding the future of cinema, that is to say that it will never be subject to a "single" of "formatted 'way of thinking.
