This is probably the best director Haim Bouzaglo done so far. A skilled television director, well trained in telling stories and directing his actors through long epics, tried to capture in this very low budget film the essence of the very special psychological situation that the Israelis live under the permanent danger of terror attacks, resulting in a "distorted" life. Each character tries to live his own life, to look at and control the other, while he is himself observed and controlled by other characters and above all by the continuous pressure, by political and historical forces far beyond his control. Some call this destiny, but destiny has a very concrete representation in this film. <br /> <br /> There is no explicit political saying in "Distortion". The characters never discuss politics, even to the point of saying "bastards!" when they hear that a new terrorist attack is taking place. Their reaction to the events is to locate the attack and count the victims using official and media terminology for the dead and injured. They don't really live, but survive in a borrowed moment, happy to survive a bomb and wait for the next one to happen. Personal, social and professional life seems to work in some way, but it is profoundly imperfect and influenced by events. The main character played by the director is a playwright whose mid-life personal and creative crisis is amplified by the pressure of events and by the fact that he is fortunate enough to leave a place of terrorist attack a few minutes before the bomb explodes. He hires a private detective to follow his girlfriend who is a TV investigative journalist who she suspects is falling for the subject of her next show - another failed man, former soldier, whose economic and family life is dismantled under the events. He begins to write a theatrical work that chars reality and will take it to the stage, to the theater in a film scene that reminds both Hamlet and "Synecdoche, New York". It is not that I would dare to suspect that Charlie Kaufman looks from behind Bouzaglo, he certainly does not need it, but the Israeli director's screen is brilliant in anticipating the next film (and the first directed by Kaufman). As in the American film, the actors play real people and begin to interact with them in a reality-meet-stage-meet-reality melange that never lacks logic, at least not of artistic logic. <br /> <br /> Bouzaglo directs his actors with the usual talent, trusts them and allows them the freedom to live through situations rather than recite them. His style is much freer here than in his TV series, and the effects of "distortion", even if borrowed from American horror films, work quite well everywhere. The ending seemed a bit rhetorical and dramatically unsatisfactory, but the shadow of the suicide killer who is persecuting the film and the whole situation in a time cycle will also follow the viewer when he later remembers this film.
