Distortion is a disturbing and disturbing film about life that imitates art and art that reflects life. Haim Bouzaglo, the film's director, plays the role of Haim Bouzaglo, an artistically blocked and sexually impotent playwright, who finds inspiration in his suspicions on the subject of his girlfriend's documentary. Like an Arab suicide bomber, disguised as a sugar bowl and American T-shirt, he wanders through the landscape in search of his goal and his nerves, Haim transcribes the life of his girlfriend while he films his documentary and incorporates the life of himself and his actors during the tests. But the bomber has already hit and Haim left the restaurant a few minutes earlier. Despite the manipulation of time and space, the story is crystal clear, complete and engaging, a brilliant commentary on the "distortion" of Israeli daily life, where politics is intertwined with the staff, where everyone lives "on the margins", and the people he never knows if he is playing a leading role in his life or is simply a superfluous trick in someone else's dramatic narrative. <br /> <br /> Bouzaglo plays with this idea that everyone is an actor in the production of someone else brilliantly. We are always voyeurs, seeing what the imaginary director sees illegally but also what the "real" director chooses to reveal. To remind us that these views are violations of privacy, Bouzaglo takes us into the bathroom and bedroom (sometimes the bedroom is the street and on the roof), and repeatedly frames its views inside TV screens, videos or safety. The actors play the role of actors representing the "real" characters played by the actors. Of course, each of the actors is the protagonist of his own production, only vaguely aware of their reduced roles in the personal films of fellow actors. The detective hired by the playwright becomes a character in the game. The hired actor to play the role of the detective seeks the detective for "advice" on how to play the role, is captured by the detective on the surveillance tapes and attends a cast party as if it were their real self. <br /> <br /> Despite this multiplicity of visions, there are no doubts about the clear lines of this narrative: the playwright looks for the topic, the bomber looks for a target and the detective chases the director. Nor is there any difficulty in locating the final goal of Bouzaglo, a forgiven and impotent Israel, fully aware of the threatening but incapable of significant action. Israel is Bouzaglo, the impotent imaginary playwright who cannibalizes his life for his drama. Israel is also the bankrupt soldier-entrepreneur who is the subject of the documentary of the director, the actors and actresses who cheat and the cuckold husband. They are all Israel because they are all defenseless, seized by inaction or action without goals, because the bomber explores the landscape for his best goal. All the characters can do as another attack is reported is to have sex and maintain "score" of the victims. <br /> <br /> There is a personal triumph, vindication, perhaps revenge at the end of this game within a story within a film but viewers will remain sluggish for the state of Israel even if they are full of admiration for Bouzaglo's memorable interpretation of a nation's difficult situation in telling the story of an individual.
