-A very pretty woman with a red head waiting for her plane meets a charming young man with whom she connects. While the two take flight and sit side by side, young Jack becomes mortal while threatening Lisa to change the room in which a politician and his wife will remain, otherwise his father will die. See now is what happens when you travel by coach, such things never happen in first class. <br /> <br /> - In addition to having a conflict that takes place on a flight, the other thing that shares this movie with "Flightplan" is the incredible incredibility * if this is a word * of history. The whole point is to get the main character to change the room of a politician so that he can be murdered, which is a fairly plausible plan, but it won't be easier for Jack to find someone who is computer savvy and have them in the system hotel? Today's teenagers can damn well do anything with computers, so I'm pretty sure it would have been easier for him to simply convince someone to change it using a computer instead of going through the trouble of spying on Lisa and putting her in the situation she falls into the movie . <br /> <br /> - Probably one thing that struck me was how strange no one on the floor heard a single thing they were talking about. This is a very small plan that we talked about here and since their voices were raised occasionally it seems to me that the other passengers should have heard something. But I'm 100% sure that I'm reading too much. The film is meant to be as realistic as a "24" episode, so you can't be baffled by such complexities. Despite all my complaints, this is still a very funny movie that does the job. It is not exactly the type that requires the closure of the brain, but at the same time it does not require great intelligence to fully enjoy. <br /> <br /> - I'd like to sit here in my comfortable armchair and I'm excited about the brilliant acting in the film, but I really can't. I love Rachel McAdams, I love Cillian Murphy, and I like Brian Cox, but they don't really stretch their muscles here. This is not really a big problem as this is not the film that the studios hope to win more prizes and the acting is not at all horrible, but not exceptional. Wes Craven isn't exactly the first one that comes to mind when you think of a movie like this, but it does a great job considering the time they had to film the film and the lack of depth in the script. It was definitely a huge improvement over the disappointing "Cursed" and as much as I liked doing something different with this film, I'd still like it to go back to doing what it did in the past, which is a great horror movie that is talked about decades after its release. <br /> <br /> - A nice thing about the movie that I really appreciated was the brevity of the movie. It's nice to sit and watch a nice three-hour movie once in a while, but nowadays it's like every movie comes out too long, in which this movie seemed the right length. Not too long and too short. They don't waste time trying to develop the characters too much because they know this is not the film for this and in doing so they made a very nice short film. Being a big fan of cinema, I must say that the best part of the film is the soundtrack by Marco Beltrami. It's really nice to see Beltrami move from writing predictable things to the great music he's doing now. I'm really the cool techno / orchestral stuff that makes for the top titles. Too bad I can't find the soundtrack anywhere, I really would have liked to listen to the titles whenever I wanted, instead of having to put them on the DVD when I want to hear it. <br /> <br /> - During the course Everything is beautiful for what it is and while it is far from the big cinema, it should still include some small hours and a half of entertainment
