Great little thriller. I was expecting some kind of silly horror film, but what I got was a short, narrow thriller that didn't waste our time. For most of these films we have to get into the backstory of the characters, so we'll feel sympathy for them or hate when people start to get killed. or such nonsense here. Yes, you see some characters but they only interact with the main ones. Like the husband's wife at the motel whose room had been canceled. We saw them so that we could assess how efficient Lisa's character was and how inefficient the new Hotel employee was. We see the child simply because she will have a very small but important role later in the film when everything is unleashed. The Atrendants of flight because we need in particular to move the plot in advance. The villain in particular needs her at the beginning of the flight. Even the rude boy at the airport was important to the film. The only 2 characters that were only 5 sheaths without any help for the plot were the two young boys on the plane. It was smart because I thought they had something to do with the plot. From the first scene to the woman's last character, a young hotel manager named Lisa is responsible. Even when Jackson shows his true colors, he doesn't panic. She thinks about what she can do to stop time. Any other film, smart women should behave like idiots. But not this. It was a very short film and I was waiting for the usual plot devices to come on the scene because the film seemed to come to a conclusion quickly. Fortunately none of them have been used. The new hotel employee did not make the usual phone call and told her what to do, which is the panic that leaves the phone and runs off without saying anything, or questions the boss and tells her he had to drink a lot and just fire her . Craven should have done more of these types of films. Also a last comment. Brian Cox is in the film, but I had no idea who he was. I had to come here to see that he is Lisa's father. It is completely unrecognizable.
