On a night flight from Los Angeles to Miami, Lisa Reisert (Rachel McAdams) meets a charming man who turns out to be a hit man asking for his help by killing a businessman or his own father will die. <br /> <br /> Red Eye is a fantastic thriller that keeps the audience at the edge of their seats. The premise is similar to Cellular and Phone Booth but Red Eye is better than both films. Almost everything about Red Eye is above average between suspense, acting and direction. Most of the film takes place on a plane, but this does not slow the film down. The film is a very fast and exciting rhythm without slow or boring points. Wes Craven does a great job behind the camera. Instead of focusing on the thrills, he focuses on the story and the characters. The film has its share of moments of suspense but it's not what the film really is. I also like the way Wes Craven focuses on the other passengers and the little details that become important later. Red Eye really shows his storytelling skills. <br /> <br /> Red Eye works well thanks to its young and talented cast. Rachel McAdams offers a very engaging performance and her character is hard to hate. You might even end up cheering on her out loud. Cillian Murphy gives a very disturbing and effective performance as the villain. The way he behaves in a fascinating way at the beginning, but then transforms it, is particularly impressive. Even the secondary actors are pretty good, including Brain Cox and Jayma Mays. <br /> <br /> The film is also very elegant and has this disturbing general vibe. The setting works well because there is an obvious fear of isolation and no escape. Overall, the tone of the film is constantly disturbing. The script is not as strong as everything else. There are some unrealistic moments that can distract the viewer. Most of them didn't bother me, but there were some that let me shake my head. Furthermore, the ending is disappointing. It is not a bad end, only a very simple one and a different approach would have been better. Since the film focuses on the characters, there really are no moments to scream, maybe just a few jumps. If you expect a horror movie, you will end up disappointed. In the end, Red Eye is an addictive thriller and is one of the best films of the summer. Rated 8/10
