Red Eye begins in Texas, where the hotel receptionist, Lisa Reisert (Rachel McAdams), is about to catch the last "red-eye" flight back to Miami, where she lives and works. While waiting for her plane, Lisa meets the beautiful and charming Jackson Rippner (Cillian Murphy) and they both seem to hit, then when they board the plane they discover that by coincidence they are sitting next to each other. Once the plane takes off and they are in the air, Jackson reveals who he really is and that their seemingly casual encounter was no coincidence, Jackson says he is working for someone who wants to assassinate National Security Secretary Charles Keefe (Jack Scalia) and they need you to change your rooms to the hotel where you work in Miami. Jackson tells Lisa to phone the hotel and make it happen or her father will be killed ... <br /> <br /> Directed by Wes Craven who is perhaps best known for his horror films as The Last House on the Left ( 1972), A Nightmare on Elm Street (1984), The Serpent and the Rainbow (1989), The People Under the Stairs (1991) and Scream's trilogy of teen sliders a short, punchy and fast little thriller like Red Eye seems like a great detachment from the genre of films that Craven usually does. The script by Carl Ellsworth is a surprisingly thrilling thriller that I have to admit that I liked it a lot, at only 85 odd minutes is a very fast, cheap and straight film to the point that it focuses almost entirely on one, taught plot rather than going to various directions with a lot of subplots. Some may like this approach as I did, while others may not be, but I think it attracts you much more to the action as it gets thick and fast without the film slowing down and giving you the chance to relax. I really liked the Red Eye plot, of course a film like this will always have one or two questionable moments in terms of plot, but what the hell, it's a movie made for entertaining and for me it's what it did. I really liked the character of two protagonists, Lisa is very nice while Jackson Rippner (an obvious comedy about the infamous Victorian serial killer Jack the Ripper) is a pretty elegant villain with a cold "I'm just doing my job 'type mentality. Another positive aspect is that I did not think that someone behaved in an excessively stupid way here, in fact everyone seemed to be human beings and the film takes place in a relatively plausible manner.I loved it and it is one of Craven's most recent films . <br /> <br /> Craven turns into a good solid, tense, taught and fast thriller with an attractive cast, a good action and a compelling storyline - it certainly doesn't get stuck and once the action starts and the tension that he never abandoned, the most effective part of the film is when Rippner holds Lisa hostage on the plane and once the film moves to Miami and Lisa's fathers house becomes a little more routine but it's still good. A special mention goes to Rachel McAdams who is absolutely gorgeous at this, I could probably watch Red Eye again just because she's inside and it looks incredible. Those who see the name of Wes Craven attached to Red Eye waiting for a horror film should reconsider as there is no horror (despite IMDb's "Horror" list as the Red Eye genre). I'm not sure of the ending, on the one hand it was good to see the bad guy living for a change that goes against traditional expectations, but it would have been more satisfying to see Lisa kill him somehow. <br /> <br /> DreamWorks apparently gave Red Eye an initial budget of $ 44,000,000, but reduced it to $ 25,000,000 although it is still a very well made film with lucid production values. Actually filmed in Los Angeles and Florida, California. The film was supposedly written with the husband and wife Sean Penn and Robin Wright Penn for the lead but in the end the producers opted for the younger leads. As I said, Rachel McAdams is pure beauty for the eyes and she's a total girl in this and it's worth watching the movie on her own. Oh, and she also performs decently. <br /> <br /> Red Eye is a thriller full of tension, very fast and taught that I enjoyed immensely, I didn't think I would like it as much as I did, and I'm glad I decided to watch it. This definitely gets a recommendation from me and Rachel McAdams is really hot stuff in this ...
