Scream was Wes Craven's last decent thriller. Since then there has been nothing but an unbearable strip of Hollywood trash barely enough for a successful night, including the disappointment of the Scream sequels. Perhaps the genius and the art of the film have dried up all the energy and creativity from him, so that when the time for dinner came, he had nothing to serve but his doo doo. Finally, after who knows how many bad movies later, he gives us a delightful, ruthless, compelling and chilling suspense thriller with Red Eye. <br /> <br /> Rachel McAdams once again offers a fun performance as she plays a hotel owner who has the unfortunate connection with an important and regular political figure in her hotel. Then he meets Jackson Ripner (Cillian Murphy, Batman Beyond) at the airport, who knows a little better after a delayed flight and a sea breeze. What she doesn't know is that she already knows it. And he also knows his father, who will never see again if he fails to cooperate and meet Jackson's requests - to use his connections to organize his hotel regularly for murder. <br /> <br /> You're probably thinking about this is nothing but your daily thriller complete with predictability and hunting scenes. Although this is a good old thriller, this is its beauty. No special effects No economic make-up. Only classic suspense. Feel the despair and regret for every decision McAdams is forced to make and actually you care about her as you pull her up every move she makes to find a way out of her claustrophobic position. <br /> <br /> As always you deliver a fun and convincing performance. Either it's her sweet face or her mysterious ability to cry sincerely, but you always seem to be in tune with her if her role requires it. Cillian Murphy on the other hand is naturally disturbing, so even if the trailer does not reveal it, his last transition from a charming stranger to a merciless brag is not so surprising. Perhaps it would have been more fun to see a nice character like Toby Maguire turn into an implacable mad villain. However, Cillian Murphy, after establishing her true identity, played the role so solidly that you really want her to die, or at least kick her ass. <br /> <br /> Don't overlook this feature. There are lots of squeaky blackboard moments and heart jumpers that will keep your eyes on the screen instead of your watch like you would with the recent Craven photos. If you don't do it for yourself, do it for as many times as you will see your girlfriend, or your boyfriend, or someone who pops popcorn and clings to you. In the end, Wes is right. Regardless of his mastery of the pending brand, the Red Eye is not without humor while McAdams' replacement Cynthia at the front desk tries to keep order in order. It was a relief that Red Eye was not a disappointment. You will instead have the pleasure of seeing McAdams perform in another incredibly talented performance, Murphy is more disturbing from minute to minute and Craven creates a classic traditional thriller. A flight that was delayed and would have been the beginning of Craven's rebirth had he arrived right after Scream.
