I find that I enjoy this show, but the format needs some work. First of all, the good attributes. I like how this show will take us through the daily life of an addict because the producers have a talent for convincing the addict to show us how badly their lives have become. This is followed by an intervention which is followed by a result. The intervention does not attack things and sometimes the result (often in the short term due to the time limits between shooting and broadcasting) is a negative result. This makes the positive results even better. <br /> <br /> Another thing I like about the show is the quality of the camera work. Given the reality that these cameramen have to squeeze anywhere and don't have the advantage of shooting scenes, photography is surprisingly good and stable. In reality it is superior to the drama shows like "The Shield", where the photograph is so ugly that it can induce nausea. <br /> <br /> Now for the bad guy. An episode sometimes contains two completely different and unrelated cases that will be mixed together during the show. You will be involved in the history of an addict, then suddenly you will be thrown into another's story. Get involved in that story, then suddenly go back to the first addict ... or are you? At this point you may have forgotten which case the individual currently on the screen belongs to. This constant reversal among drug addicts becomes really disruptive during the intervention scenes because the show will also mix the two completely independent interventions! I once heard about B.S. marketing reason for this poor design: "The show can become so intense that switching to another addict allows the viewer to absorb what they are watching". Oh please. Clearly, the reason this is done is that they have two cases that are not big enough for a one-hour show, so they mix two together. Mixing them instead of giving each a half-hour block, as they should, forces the viewer to look at the whole thing (and the advertisements) if they are interested in one case but not the other. <br /> <br /> I used to find these "blender" episodes so annoying that I would only tell my TiVo to record episodes containing an addict, but then it became easier to record them all.
