"Intervention" helped me with my dependencies and my recovery. I am a married middle aged father of two. I am quite functional in my personal and professional life. However, I have pains from my past that I use addictions to soothe and problems from which I am slowly recovering. When these addicts and their families share their lives with me, they help me improve my life and my relationship with my family. <br /> <br /> The show, unlike many others, delves into the addict's past and reveals events that probably caused their addiction. Many of us suffer because it is too scary to come back and do, as Alice Miller says, "the discovery and emotional acceptance of truth in the individual and unique history of our childhood". The show deserves a lot of credit for having at least started this process. This excavation is painful and difficult, but it's worth it. Such coverage of dependence - fictitious and not fictitious - seems to ignore the fundamental questions. It is often assumed that the addict started shooting one day or anything for fun, pleasure or personal interest, and now they can't stop. This is not the case: addictions concern the pain to be killed. I can relate to the different events and difficulties in people's lives. There are common themes and surprising exceptions. Many addicts have suffered miserable abuse. Some children simply respond to divorce. To those who think that addiction is an overreaction to discomfort, I would say that different people respond differently. Although some children handle divorce well, others, like Cristy on the show, "pile on the floor" and change their lives forever from the event. <br /> <br /> For example, last night's advisor said that young Andrea seeks validation from men. She strips for money for a neighbor of 75 and lets men abuse her. Does he seem familiar to anyone? The series is full of information that we can use to understand our motivations and make changes to our lives. Often it is those of us with minor problems who suffer the longest. As they say, even a stopped watch is right twice a day, but a slow watch can go unnoticed for a while, making it miserable. <br /> <br /> To the producers: Thanks for making show, for digging in the past, for follow-ups. Furthermore, the graphics, format and theme music are brilliant. <br /> <br /> To addicts: thank you for your courage to share. Whether you helped yourself or not, you helped me.
