I just caught an episode on Brad, the drugged cocaine addict who turned into a drug addict on the streets after his career in cycling went to slaughter as quickly as it started. I must say that the story of his cycling career was more heartbreaking than his drug addiction. Here is this young boy who is winning the right and left bicycle races and is invited to train with an Olympic training team for two weeks, and soon after he comes insulting Lance Armstrong, one of the greatest athletes who ever lived, and it generally insensitive and hostile to everyone in general. Understandably, he is soon asked to leave. Most of the show is about his struggle with addiction and the way his life was restored, but what I wanted to know was what was wrong with him in the first place, in doing his act as a a similar donkey? <br /> <br /> In any case, I was confused about how the show was put together, since it shows Brad at the height of his addiction. We see videos of him manipulating pan and sleeping in gutters and ditches and even smoking crack cocaine. I didn't even know it was legal to show, but why would a TV crew follow him and shoot him? Do they do it in the hope that this guy will change his life and give them material for a good television episode? <br /> <br /> However, it is an illuminating show, because it shows the effects of various dependencies and the total control that can take over people's lives. Sometimes it's hard to look at because you really see how badly families and friends suffer from the addict's indifference, though I have to admit that in the end it all seems a little too clean. There are moments during the episodes where terrible things happen and everything seems lost, but still, and maybe I should feel spoilers here, everything has a touch of happiness forever, in the end, and I have a feeling this is a very rare event in real life. But anyway, is it a show about people trying to help others, and can you never complain too much about something like that ??
