Ireland's first animated film is also one of the best animated films I've ever seen. It's a real wart and a whole story that is different from all the other Oscar nominees and any other film this year or any other year. <br /> <br /> The plot of the film has the Abbot of Kells, a village in Ireland builds a wall around his city to prevent the Vikings from destroying the city if they ever attack. His nephew Brendon, is a young monk who does the best he can, but meets his uncle's wrath by doing things in his spare time. When a legendary illuminator Aidan arrives from a destroyed monastery, Brendon approaches him and his warm personality. To his great uncle's displeasure, Aiden offers to teach Brendon how to light. To help Aidan work on his great book, saved from his destroyed monastery, Brendan goes out into the forest to get some ink-making equipment. While leaving the walls, he meets Ashley, a forest spirit with whom he develops a friendship. Unfortunately the abbot discovers that he has gone out of the wall and that there is a hell to pay. But the Vikings are lurking in the distance ... <br /> <br /> Forget what you think you know about this movie. Even what I explained does not do justice to this film. It's a simple story with much more going on. This is a wonderful film about trying to find your way around the world, beyond the coming of demons and discovering the beauty of the world outside the walls. (As the film says, the world is a dangerous place and it does not stop being even if you build walls). <br /> <br /> It is a film that treats its audience as adults and takes care of all life including darkness. There is death and destruction, joy and happiness. It is not coated with sugar. People die. Monsters hide. (he frightened some of the children), but in the end there is hope. Frankly the darkness in this film is completely different from any other American movie. Forget the "sadness" in a Pixar film, this is the real thing, and its refreshing and shows how even Pixar has become homogeneous. <br /> <br /> It is an animated film by Genndy Tartakovsky-esquire (Samurai Jack) which is the look is actually based on the Celtic art of the period. It is a film that looks different than any other. Here too is another film that takes the frame of the film and uses it in every possible way. the images are designed to fill the available space as much as possible. Often the film has manipulated things to make it look like a page in the legendary Book of Kells. Its extraordinarily beautiful beauty and described as an art come to life. Director Tomm Moore has created a film that is a masterpiece. I can't say more. It's a masterpiece. It's one of the best animated films I've ever met.
