THE SECRET OF KELLS is a first animated feature film that will amaze your eyes and move your heart. The shortcomings of the film's limited budget and sometimes limited animation are more than compensated by the visual poetry of the young Brendan's heroic quest to become an illuminating master during the dark ages. Historically this occurred in the late 8th century, when Irish learning centers were overtaken by the Vikings. The Vikings appear here as brutal antagonists, the equivalent on the northern seas of the Huns and Mongols who plunder further east. The narrative of the film, which works more like a parable, revolves around the conflict between Brendan, who seeks to create beauty in his illuminations during a period of invading darkness, and his severe uncle the Abbot, who tries to protect the city of Kells and his grandson with a looming wall as a barrier against the Norwegians. The Abbot ignores the value of Brendan's art in his quest for security. This is the external conflict of the film. Brendan's inner conflict consists of finding the hidden eye of creative illumination that will allow him to complete the most difficult painting in the Book of Kells. This eye is protected by a Dragon Ouroboros, which it destroys from those not suitable for this research as surely the Vikings will kill from (This is most of the story I will divulge!) <br /> <br /> What I like about this film is the imaginative understanding of its creators of some of the greatest works of art to survive in the West from 1200 years ago. The characters are stylized into flat abstract shapes defined by the line just like in the original Kells book. (Particularly noteworthy is the domestic cat of the monk Aidan, defined in a few lines, but purely --- and even magically metamorphically feline.) The range of emotions that Brendan and the other animated characters convey given their economy of abstract design is a tribute to the excellent artistic ability of the director and his animators. The decorative edges on the edge of the image change to complete the dramatic impact of a given scene, and this characteristic of the illuminations of the dark ages is brought to the wonderful animated life in THE SECRET OF KELLS. Of course, historical dramas usually tell us more about our times than the times these dramas try to portray. However, by introducing archetypal elements in this story, the authors and director of THE SECRET OF KELLS convey a sense of life lived from that distant time in Ireland that feels psychologically true, as far as the script can move away from a pedantic historical fact. (The group of enlighteners of the United Nations that appears as a club of thieves artists in The SECRET OF KELLS is not historically probable, but they are all well-designed and individualized characters who do much to convey the universal attraction of this quintessential Irish history .) Animation has always seemed to me the best way to help us better understand the visual art of different times and cultures. The magnificent artistic direction of this film clearly derives from its historical visual source, but it has also been cleverly adapted to the needs of animated narration; if the animation had existed in the Middle Ages, the SECRET OF KELLS is what it would be like! Finally, the search for Brendan's hero in this film is the artist's perennial quest to convey the spirit of beauty, life and inspiration. (Without being a preacher or even a particularly Christian, this film affirms the saying of Jesus that "man does not live by bread alone"). In my opinion the most inspired film on the creative process of visual artists is ANDREI RUBLEV by Andrei Tarkovsky, a film about the great Russian icon painter of the fifteenth century. The SECRET OF KELLS expresses very much the same sense of mystery and euphoria for the visual research of the artist and the creative process. It's certainly not as deep as ANDREI RUBLEV, but --- heck --- it's a cartoon! (And one that will appeal to young and old.) I think this film will hold up well to repeated vision: in its modest way of affirming life, this stylized SECRET OF KELLS is a classic.
