After striking viewers with three very different episodes, Serling continued to introduce viewers to "The Twilight Zone" in a very strange way by programming one of the series' biggest growers as the fourth episode. "The Sixteen-Millimeter Shrine" is one of the most underestimated episodes, centered on the inability of a movie star to face changing times and introducing only a supernatural element in the final minutes. Because of this approach, the episode is at first stunning, but subsequent visualizations reveal that it is a very elegant and well-written story. <br /> <br /> Both protagonists, Ida Lupino in the role of Barbara Jean Trent and Martin Balsam her frustrated but caring agent, shines in their performances. The main problem with the episode is that the alleged 25-year-old actress's video is unconvincing. Lupino looks identical when he plays the young Trent as he does when he plays the middle-aged trent and this significantly reduces the tragedy of the situation. Fortunately, Lupino behaves with his stockings to convince us of his desperation to return to the past. It's a situation in which most can sympathize, yet Trent is far from a sympathetic character. She is a prima donna who does not think much about the feelings of those around her, such as the disastrously wizened co-star, whom she tactlessly belittles because she remembers how long her glory days have passed. It is rather surprising, therefore, that it is rewarded with a happy ending. It is clear what will happen from the moment we see the huge projection screen and is cleverly prevented in the initial moments when Trent scares his maid by stepping out from behind the screen. What is not clear at the beginning, however, is whether being sucked into the projector will prove to be a reward or a harsh lesson to appreciate what we have and live in the moment. Apparently, Trent is allowed to return to the past he wanted, a testament to how strong the pious wish of humans can be. <br /> <br /> 'The Sanctuary of the Sixteen Millimeters' improves with every vision. High-level writing and acting combine to create a short game of enormous power that reflects the nature of humans for the past, even if we can never go back. Except in the twilight zone.
