I really enjoyed this episode, which was a great surprise given the bad reputation it seems to have acquired. From the point of view of pure writing, "The 16mm shrine" is a real treat, with a fantastic dialogue and analysis of the typical Sterling characters. In particular, I greatly appreciated the philosophical indulgences of the episode, dealing with the themes of existence and reality, balancing it with more psychological topics such as denial, pride and desire. "The sanctuary of sixteen millimeters" is an episode on how these ideas based on a reluctance to accept change can apparently remove a person from the rest of the ever-changing world. It's also a fantastic example of a Twilight Zone brain; one that explores the mind rather than the world outside of it. These elements come together very well to create a provocative and incredibly interesting 25 minute thought. <br /> <br /> The episode is not without its flaws, which are mainly found in the Lupino and Leisen shoes. Ironically, I heard that Lupino was not convincing at all, with only a few scenes that could be considered memorable. This is obviously a shame considering how much Sterling has written his character. Furthermore, Leisen didn't seem to know what to do with most of his characters, sometimes making them stay on the set doing almost nothing - which probably explains why he accepted Lupino's poor performance half the time -. Fortunately Balsam does a good job covering a lot of weaknesses, helping to redeem the show from at least an acting perspective. <br /> <br /> As I said before though, if you are a fan of the classic film and cerebral science fiction, this should not be as serious as it sometimes appears to be. In addition to the script I mentioned above, the episode also features some fantastic photographs (it still amazes me that the show looks so good almost fifty years later!) And a fairly decent set-design. Overall "The sanctuary of the sixteen millimeters" is a great episode and, above all, it is definitely one to think about.
