There is a theory of time that presupposes that all the moments that have ever existed and exist will actually exist right now. It's a little too much to turn your head, but maybe a little comfort for those who want to get back to a simpler time and place. For Barbara Jean Trenton (Ida Lupino), this time it was twenty-five years earlier, in the mid-1930s, when her youth and her charm represented the greatest promise. For my part, if I could travel through time, it would have returned to the 50s when I grew up. Maybe in a place like Willoughby, but that's another episode. <br /> <br /> Something that wouldn't be so special in 1959 would mean taking care of all that awkward machinery just to watch an episode of "The Twilight Zone". How many reels do you think it would take to catalog the entire series, and then find a particular story you wanted to watch? I imagine you have to consider compromises, convenience or simplicity, have it right now or take the time to upload it to the exact spot where the story begins. Popping into a CD has its advantages. <br /> <br /> I'm a little surprised that Rod Serling can write a story that looks a lot like "Sunset Boulevard". The mirror of the character of Ida Lupino has photographed Norma Desmond a little too closely to be considered an original concept. Martin Balsam interprets in a very similar way a character similar to Erich von Stroheim, the husband has become butler, whose loyalty is undisputed. Where the story diverges has to do with the way Danny (Balsam) and Sall (Ted de Corsia) challenge Barbara Jean to get with the reality and free the cobwebs that paralyze her existence. <br /> <br /> Fortunately for us spectators, Ida Lupino had no reservations about taking parts that weren't "big, but a beautiful showcase". It's a real surprise to see an episode of "The Twilight Zone" and see who you see from the past. Sometimes you get a double, as if you had here with Lupino and Balsam, celebrities who sometimes left their mark before the series started, and sometimes later. Combined with the stories the program has produced, it's no surprise that they still manage to entertain so well today.
