UN THIEF IN THE NIGHT is an excellent fictional story of the weeks preceding RAPTURE and of the weeks following that crucial event. <br /> <br /> I really appreciated both the production values ​​and the values ​​of the contents of this independent Christian film. <br /> <br /> PRODUCTION VALUES. Hey, it's an independent film, with a shoe budget, so, it'll seem a little rough (if your standard is a Hollywood list). But, correctly compared with other independent films, this film is perfectly acceptable. The narration itself is more important than acting, costumes and music. Is the story compelling? Do the dramatic moments work? Does the trajectory of history create a satisfying climax? The answer to all these questions is an unqualified "yes". As a side note, the really important technical things - continuity, sound, lighting - are fine. The spectator is able to watch the show without being distracted by a sloppy art. <br /> <br /> VALUE OF CONTENTS. The message of the film is superb. When you consider how many ideas the filmmaker developed in the short span of 69 minutes, you begin to appreciate his artistic ability. It presents the message of salvation, the consequence of disbelief, the danger of estrangement, the truth of the kidnapping and the threat of a satanic government dominated by the world with flashes, imagination and, above all for an evangelical film - with biblical accuracy. <br /> <br /> The filmmaker is a good storyteller. For example, he develops the message of salvation in two important ways: (1) shows us through action the reality of the sacrifice of Jesus Christ for our good. This is achieved in a subplot in which the zoo-guardian is bitten by a poisonous snake and almost dies. The only cure is the blood of someone who is immune to the venom of the snake. Poison is like sin; the cure is like the blood of Christ, poured on the cross. (2) The director also develops the message of salvation through dialogue. It has various characters that explain the truth about human sin and the need for salvation through faith in Christ. So the filmmaker uses both action and dialogue to tell his story. <br /> <br /> As a side note, the fact that a film produced by evangelical Christians actually contains dialogues and scenes that convey a clearly delineated message Salvation, expressed in an explicitly evangelical Christian language, imagery and theology it is perfectly acceptable. To criticize this film to be explicitly Christian is absurd; it's like criticizing a Nike commercial to promote sportswear. What else could the producers of Christian evangelical films do, if not a film that affirms their case? Furthermore, the fact that the filmmaker uses the idea that the unbelievers will be left behind in an atheist world is again perfectly acceptable. The filmmaker exploits the dramatic potential of this idea admirably. How do I know? I heard about A THIEF IN THE NIGHT from a woman who saw the show back in 1974; he still lived in his memory thirty years later. How many movies can you say this? All around, a very funny and stimulating show. I'm going to show it to my group of church teenagers.
