Elvira Mistress Of The Dark (1988): Cassandra Peterson, Daniel Greene, William Morgan Sheppard, Susan Kellerman, Edie McClug, Jeff Conaway, Phil Rubenstein, Larry Flash Jenkins, Tress MacNeille, Damita Jo Freeman, Mario Celario, William Dance, Lee McLaughlin , Charles Woolf, Sharon Hays, Bill Cable, Joseph Arias, Scott Morris, Ira Heiden, Frank Collison, Lynne Marie Stewart, Marie Sullivan, Jack Fletcher, Robert Benedetti, Kate Brown, Hugh Gillin, Eve Smith, Raleigh Bond, Tony Burrier, Alan Dewames, Timm Hill, Read Scot, James Hogan, Derek Givens ... Director James Signorelli ... Screenplay Sam Egan, John Paragon. <br /> <br /> Elvira, Mistress of the Dark was an 80s TV icon that had its late-night show on the cable. He hosted and presented classic American horror films, many of them campers, providing their own jokes and humorous comments. Actress Cassandra Peterson has ridden on this success to date. In 1988, his first film was released. Playing to herself, she's stuck in monstrous movie shows, but she wants her show in Las Vegas and earns a lot of money. His agent Manny shows a disappointment. It is not long before you inherit a villa from a deceased relative, a dog and a recipe book. He arrives to claim his legacy in a small Nevada town - he was going to Las Vegas and got lost - and soon he juggles into the quiet community. Chastity Pariah (Edie McClurg), the woman of the conservative city council, soon sees her as a threat to the decency and values ​​of the small town. His voluptuous figure and his winning personality soon attract the young people of the city. He falls in love with Bob Redding (Daniel Greene), the city's handyman / carpenter, but before a real relationship can blossom, he finds himself in trouble. Vincent Talbot (William Morgan Sheppard), a disturbing older man who is also destined to inherit some of Elvira's relative's fortune is actually an old sorcerer who has a personal vendetta against Elvira's aunt and Elvira herself. He is aware that the so-called "recipe book" is actually a book of powerful magic, a power he wishes to claim for himself. Elvira is taken down by burning the city at the stake. How will Elvira get out of this? The film was not a real box office success, attracting a crowd of mostly young audiences who are familiar with the Elvira show by cable. To tell the truth, this is a fun and enjoyable movie. The script is full of jokes of all kinds, some bad, some good, lots of sexual allusions, visual jokes and campiness in general, or the hilarious final scene in which Elvira finally got her strip show in Las Vegas. This film is a cult classic, suitable for Elvira fans. Otherwise you could not enjoy this movie. It is also a look at the "pop" culture of the 1980s. Elvira was an icon of the 80s like Alf, Vicky the Robot, Hulk Hogan, Mr. T and Madonna.
