From the beginning of his career in the 70s and largely in the eighties, Elvira (Cassandra Peterson) has become a modest icon and a true cult figure in the world of horror movies and evil monsters. While Ms. Peterson has held various secondary roles in films, covering a wide variety of genres, her television star Elvira made her more famous. Part of its charm ?? and respect from the fans ?? lies in the fact that he has never turned his back on the horror genre that made her famous (unlike many other big name actors and actresses who love to distance themselves from their "early" work). I only saw parts of his television performances, but his cameo role in the recent Ghoultown tribe song "Mistress of the Dark" really encouraged me to take a look at more of her. One thing had been clear to me long before this music video: over the years, Elvira had become a force of influence when the mid-1980s appeared. <br /> <br /> And in 1988, after films like "Fright Night" and "TerrorVision" they incorporated giveaways and parodies on his television work, finally it happened: "Elvira, Mistress of the Dark", the film. Now, I had seen the trailer for this already in the VHS rental days, but it took me until last week to finally see the movie itself. A few years ago, I was able to see "Elvira's Haunted Hills" (produced in 2001), but for some reason it didn't impress me much. Was it really that forgettable, or should I give him another watch? Actually, I really want to see him again now, as this first Elvira movie from 88 really convinced me. Although perhaps partly responsible for making this film, it could be Sam Egan and John Paragon with their contribution to the script, there is really no way to deny it: Cassandra Peterson has a great talent for comedy (she also has scripted the script). <br /> <br /> When Elvira learns that she is one of the beneficiaries of an aunt (whom she has never heard of before), she considers the long-term opportunity to start her own show in Las Vegas. To claim his legitimate inherited money, travel to a quiet New England town. But the grueling citizens of Falwell have a surprise. In less than no time he succeeds in shocking and insulting all the noteworthy inhabitants of the small conservative city with its (often involuntary) provocative behavior. To make matters worse, his legacy turns out to be not what he expected: a dilapidated villa, a cookbook and a poodle. But what he doesn't know, and his evil uncle Vincent Albot, is that his great-aunt was a witch, and the cookbook contains recipes for inventing the darkest dark powers imaginable. And if you have not yet turned off the film when Elvira has cooked her first dish from the recipe book, then don't worry, you will stop on this journey with a smile on your face. <Br /> <br /> It's surprising how a screenplay made up along with jokes, jokes, film references, jokes and good taste can also tell a coherent story. Simple, sure, but consistent. While other films, relying heavily on gag-like situations, often make you completely lose the plot of the story (like the "Naked Gun" movies, for example), this movie doesn't. During the 80s many horror comedies were produced, but not many of them worked. Not to mention a horror-spoof that doesn't derail at one point ("Killer Party", even though I'm grateful for it by completely freaking out during the finale) or it gets too boring too quickly ("Saturday 14"). Although "Elvira" is more comedy than horror, it does not lose sight of what it is doing and develops coherently towards a slightly grotesque ending, complete with a supernatural showdown in the streets of Falwell between the newly born witch Elvira and the evil wizard Talbot , including a veritable witch hunt honest to god and the time of the burning of Elvira ever. <br /> <br /> I tell you, there is no power in hell that can make this movie a little fun. One of the first giggles I had was during the closing credits when the name of Daniel Greene appeared. Daniel who? Oh yes, I recognized his name (and later his dull macho face). How not to forget Daniel Greene when you saw ... "Atomic Cyborg aka Fists of Steel"! But if you haven't seen "Atomic Cyborg", then I'm sorry, but you won't be able to laugh with his face in this. And on a side note: I never imagined that Elvira looked so fast as she walked away ignorantly from a service station. Even Robert Rodriguez couldn't have done better than that.
