"Elvira, Mistress Of The Dark" is a sort of "Harper Valley P.T.A." with touches of the supernatural. Elvira (Cassandra Peterson) quits her job as a television hostess of horror movies after the owner of the new station is caught up with her. Now he is relying on a Las Vegas show to carry it forward, but he learns that he needs to find more money to start the show. Things seem hopeless to collect that money until he receives notice of his aunt's death, which he then takes Elvira to Massachusetts to read the will. A house that needs repair, a dog and a cookbook is all that is left to her by her aunt, and again it seems that Elvira is having trouble inventing money for the Las Vegas show. The adults of the small and narrow city make things worse by making things more difficult for Elvira. Only the local member (Daniel Greene), and a group of teenagers will make friends with you. Elvira's uncle "Vinnie" (W. Morgan Sheppard), pushes to conclude a deal with Elvira for the cookbook, but Elvira soon discovers her powerful legacy that includes the spell and a couple of very effective casseroles. Elvira no longer wants to sell her cookbook to her uncle, but is determined to get her hands on it knowing of her power. Elvira then faces the fact that she was burned at the stake of the old witchcraft office of the city and of the showdown between her and her uncle. The plot is pretty simple, but the humor and well-developed characters keep the rhythm at a good pace. "Elvira, Mistress Of The Dark" is full of cute, coarse, obscene and intelligent humor carried on by many gags of sight, puns, props, songs and parodies. The touches of the film's occultism make this one of the best horror parodies ever made. It is a well-made film with a formidable acting by all the artists; including Edie McClurg and Jeff Conaway (of "Grease.") There are also some nice special effects. Many people (including myself) wondered if the character of Elvira could bring a feature film, and the answer is deliciously, YES!
