"Why did they make them so big? Why didn't they give money to the poor?" The question of cathedrals was asked by a student to Mr. Harvey during a school trip to Salisbury Cathedral. "This is a good question," he replied. "Partly to inspire them - to convince them to look in awe." I'm not sure that cathedrals have this impact on everyone, but this film has certainly had an impact on me. It was amazing! <br /> <br /> It didn't start that way. For a while it seemed to be little more than a representation of - well - a school trip to Salisbury Cathedral. If you've ever been on a school trip to high school, that's pretty much it. You have a bunch of mostly uninterested kids, happy not to go to school for a day, the bus driver gone crazy from them and some teachers trying desperately to keep everything under control. I was there, did that, the shirt was my first reaction. I thought that in the end this would be the typical story of a teacher who could inspire a group of disinterested students. YAWN! But it turns out to be much more! Timothy Spall was as brilliant as Mr. Harvey - a dark and unscrupulous teacher with a strange fascination for cathedrals. Throughout the film, his story comes out slowly and becomes the focal point of the story. We are also presented to some of the students in difficulty - in particular Helen, also brilliantly played by Nathalie Press, who is in self-mutilation. <br /> <br /> This is not a religious film, but includes some powerful reflections on religious themes. When Harvey's colleague Jonathon (played by Ben Miles) says "I don't care what someone believes as long as they don't try to force it on anyone else," Harvey replies, "this is not tolerance - it's indifference!" - which is (in my opinion) what often passes for religious tolerance in our society. There are scenes of reconciliation between various characters and the final scene of the film was brilliant. While Harvey gets back on the bus, director Susanna White slowly makes the camera rotate upwards, so that the last shot is simply the sky - which returns to Harvey's comment that the purpose of the cathedral is to convince people to look in awe. The cathedral fulfills its goal. We look in the universe in awe, looking for something bigger than ourselves, but we choose to define it. This is a very powerful and very inspiring film. 9/10
