Match 1: Tag Team Table Match Bubba Ray and Spike Dudley against Eddie Guerrero and Chris Benoit Bubba Ray and Spike Dudley started the game with a Tag Team Table Match against Eddie Guerrero and Chris Benoit. According to the rules of the game, both opponents must pass the tables to win. Benoit and Guerrero warmed up very early in turn by hammering first Spike and then Bubba Ray. A German suplex of Benoit in Bubba took flight from his brother Dudley. Spike tried to help his brother, but the referee held him back while Benoit and Guerrero joined him in the corner. With Benoit trampling Bubba, Guerrero set up a table outside. Spike rushed to the ring and spun on the rope on top of Guerrero outside! After recovering and taking care of Spike, Guerrero slipped a table into the ring and helped Wolverine fix it. The tandem then prepared a double superplex from the central string that would make Bubba pass across the table, but Spike tipped the table right before his brother crashed! Guerrero and Benoit placed another table in the corner and tried with the Irish Whip Spike, but Bubba rushed in and blocked his brother. Bubba caught fire and raised both opponents in a drop in the back! Bubba slammed Guerrero and Spike stepped on the Wolverine from the top of the rope. Bubba kept Benoit at bay for Spike to climb into the Wassup! head shot! Shortly thereafter, Benoit captured Spike in the Crossface, but the game continued even after Spike left. Bubba came to his brother's aid and managed to lay Benoit on a table. Bubba jumped from the middle rope, but Benoit moved and sent Bubba to crash into the woods! But since his opponents didn't make him pass the table, Bubba was allowed to stay in the game. The first man was eliminated soon after, though, when Spike put Eddie through a table with a Dudley Dawg from the ring apron on the outside! Benoit put Spike through a table a few moments later to even the score. Within seconds, Bubba nailed a Bubba Bomb that put Benoit at the table and gave the Dudley the victory! Winner: Bubba Ray and Spike Dudley <br /> <br /> Match 2: Cruiserweight Championship Jamie Noble vs. Billy Kidman Billy Kidman challenged Jamie Noble, who led Nidia with him to the ring, for the Cruiserweight championship. Noble and Kidman locked up and rolled into the ring, but ran back inside and grabbed some more. When Kidman foiled Noble's moves, Noble fled out of the ring where Nidia gave him some encouragement. The fight spread out of the ring and Noble threw his girlfriend into the challenger. Kidman threw Nidia aside, but was pulled down with a modified arm bar. Noble continued to attack Kidman's injured arm in the ring. Kidman's injured damage hampered his attack, but he continued to struggle hard. Noble tried to put Kidman away with a powerbomb, but the challenger had a successful counterattack. Kidman ended up with a Shooting Star Press, but Noble broke the attempt. Kidman went again to the Shooting Star Press, but this time Noble has just emerged from danger. Noble turned Kidman into a powerful bomb immediately afterwards and got the pin to keep his world cruiserweight championship! Winner: Jamie Noble <br /> <br /> Match 3: European Championship William Regal v Jeff Hardy William Regal hired Jeff Hardy in an attempt to regain the European title. Jeff catapulted Regal to the top of the rope, then shot him down with a hurricanana from his apron. Back in the ring, Jeff hit the Whisper in the wind to beat Regal for a loop. Jeff went to the Swanton Bomb, but Regal knelt down to hit Jeff with a devastating blow. Jeff managed to surprise Regal with a quick roll-up and got the pin to keep the European Championship! Regal started shouting as he saw Hardy celebrate as he climbed the ramp. Winner: Jeff Hardy <br /> <br /> Match 4: Chris Jericho vs. John Cena Chris Jericho had promised to end John Cena's career in their meeting with Vengeance, which was held later. Jericho tried to teach Cena a lesson while their game was starting to get too boring. Jericho continued to beat Cena around the ring until his cockiness got the better of him. While on top of the roped party, Jericho began to make the showboat and allowed Cena to take it for a superplex! Cena followed with a tilt-a-wham slam but was brought down with an ugly dropkick to the stomach. The novice recovered and hit a belly to fall asleep but failed to put Y2J away. Jericho launched into Lionsault but Cena dodged the move. Jericho nailed a bulldog and then joined the Lionsault, but did not go looking for the cover. He urged Cena to stand so he could wear the Walls of Jericho. Cena had other ideas, reversing the move in a pin attempt and getting 1-2-3! Jericho became berserk after the game. Winner: John Cena <br /> <br /> Match 5: Intercontinental Championship RVD vs Brock Lesnar by disqualification The Next Big Thing and Mr. Pay-Per-View intertwined with the intercontinental championship on the line. Brock grabbed the title from the referee and draped it over his shoulder for a moment as he stared at RVD. Van Damon's promptness gave Brock a shot in advance. The big man rolled out of the ring and kicked the steel steps in frustration. Brock got back on his feet and started taking the lead. With Paul Heyman beaming in ringside, Brock slammed RVD on the hard floor outside the ring. From there, Brock began to overwhelm RVD, throwing it easily on top of the rope. RVD landed painfully on his back, then had to suffer from a broken spine against the steel steps. The fight returned to the ring with Brock squeezing RVD around his ribs. RVD broke away and shortly thereafter flattened him with a kick to the temple. RVD followed with the Rolling Thunder but Brock managed to kick out after a two count. The fight seemed to be over soon when RVD showed up for a Five-Star Frog Splash. Brock, however, lifted Van Dam on his shoulder and fetched the F-5, but RVD rotated Brock in a DDT and followed up with the Frog Splash! He went for the pin, but Heyman pulled the referee from the ring! The referee immediately called for a disqualification and soon traded shots with Heyman! Afterwards, RVD jumped on Brock from the top and then threatened to hit the Van Terminator! Heyman grabbed RVD's leg and Brock took the champion and this time he connected with the F-5 on a steel chair! Winner: RVD <br /> <br /> Match 6: Booker T vs. Big Show Booker T faces the Big Show one on one. Show resisted Booker T's fists and punches and slapped Booker in the corner. After being thrown out of the ring, Booker took a chair at the ringside, but Big Show hit him again on Booker's face. Booker tried to get back into the game by smothering Show with a video camera cable on the ringside. Booker destroyed a TV monitor from the Spanish announcers position in Show's skull, then kicked it with scissors that got both men on the table! Booker surfaced in the ring and Big Show staggered a few moments later. Show grabbed Booker's throat, but was greeted by a low blow and a kick in the face. Booker has climbed the top of the rope and has nailed a leg that makes a somersault to take the pin! Winner: Booker T <br /> <br /> Announcement: Triple H entered the arena with a thundering wave as fans hoped to find out where the Game would end up in competition. Before he could speak, Eric Bishoff interrupted the game to apologize for being involved in his personal activity. If Triple H signed with RAW, Bischoff promised that his personal life would never be played again. Bischoff said he spent the last two years working in a network in Hollywood. He said everyone was looking for the next WWE Superstar, and everyone was talking about Triple H. Bischoff: if Triple H had signed with RAW, he'd have great opportunities. Stephanie McMahon came out to publish her pitch. He said that because of his personal history with Triple H, the two know each other very well. He said the two of them were unstoppable and may be new. Bischoff interrupted her and asked her to stop. Stephanie mentioned that Triple H once told her how Bischoff said that Triple H had no talent and charisma. Bischoff said he was young at the time and didn't know what he had, but he still has much more experience than Stephanie. The two continued to fight back and forth, until Triple H increased his microphone. The Game said it would be easy to say "fuck you" to one of them. Triple H went to shake Bischoff's hand, but pulled it away. He said he'd rather go with the devil he knows, rather than the one he doesn't know. Before he could go any further, though, Shawn Michaels came out to shake things up. HBK said the last thing he wanted to do was cause problems. He didn't want to get involved, but he remembered promising to bring Triple H to the nWo. HBK said that there is no one in the world with whom Triple H is more a friend. HBK told his friend to imagine the two together again, making Bischoff's life a living hell. Triple H said it was a tempting offer. He then turned and hugged HBK, making his move to RAW official! Triple H and HBK left, and Bischoff gloated over his victory. Bischoff said the difference between them is that he has his testicles and she doesn't. Stephanie beat Bischoff to the side of the head and left! <br /> <br /> Match 7: Tag Team Championship Match Christian and Lance Storm vs. Hollywood Hogan and Edge The game started with strong "USA" songs and with Hogan pushing Christian through the ropes and out of the ring. The Canadians took the lead from there. But Edge kicked Christian in the head and placed a success on Storm to get the tag on Hogan. Hogan started in Hulk and soon captured Christian with a big boot and an abandoned leg! Storm broke the count and Christian threw Hogan out of the ring where Storm passed the icon. Edge tagged immediately after and dropped both opponents. He put them both in the corner turnbuckles, but lost a spear on Strom and instead hit the referee hard. Edge nailed a DDT, but the referee was down and could not count. The test went down and knocked down Hogan, then he leveled Edge with a boot. Storm tried to get the pin, but Edge started after two. Riksihi snapped off to reject Test, allowing Edge to recover and launch Storm. Christian distracted the referee, though, and Y2J entered the field and scored Edge with the Tag Team Championship! Storm toppled over and won the coup de grace to win the title! Team Winners and New Champions: Christian and Lance Storm <br /> <br /> Match 8: WWE Undeniable Triple Threat Match Championship. The Rock vs Kurt Angle and Undertaker Three of the most successful WWE superstars lined up against each other in a Triple Threat Match with the undisputed championship in the balance. Taker and The Rock came face to face with Kurt Angle begging for some attention aside. He got the attention in the form of a beat down from the other two men. Shortly thereafter, Taker came out of the ring and The Rock risked with Angle. Angle gave a series of suplexes that destroyed Rock, but the Great One responded with a DDT that handled a two count. The fight continued outside the ring with Taker coming to life and leaving the corner and repeatedly beating The Rock. Taker and Rock are back in the ring and Taker has launched The Rock with a slam on the sidewalk to get a double count. Rock bounced, grabbed Taker by the throat and choked him! Angle interrupted the pin attempt that probably would have given The Rock the title. The Rock counterattacked by closing Kurt Angle's ankle lock. Angle reversed the move and Rock Bottomed the People's Champion. Shortly thereafter, The Rock eliminated Angle and hit the People's Elbow on the Undertaker. Angle tried to take advantage by disabling the Big outside the ring and covering Taker, who kicked off after a count of two. Outside the ring, Rock took a big gulp from a nearby water bottle and spat the liquid into Taker's face to blind the sample. Taker did not remain invalid for long, managing to overwhelm Rock and turn his attention to Angle. Taker landed a guillotine leg on Angle, leaning on the ring apron. The Rock got up just in time to break a shot at Kurt Angle. Taker nailed Rock with a DDT and framed him for a chokeslam. ANgle tried to sneak up on a steel chair, but Taker clung to the nonsense and slapped it from her hands. The referee was trapped in the following fire and didn't see Silly Angle knock Taker in a steel chair. Angle went to cover Taker while The Rock lay prone, but the Dead Man somehow raised his shoulder. Angle tried to set up Rock, but he also threw out. The Rock stood up and landed Angle in the sniper! Angle seemed about to touch, but Taker had kicked The Rock out of the submission jack. Taker chose Rock up and tore it to pieces with the last lap. While the Dead Man covered him for victory, Angle raced and collected Taker in the ankle! Taker went into a frenzy of pain, but managed to thwart it. He chose Angle for the last race, but Angle put a triangular choke! It seemed that Taker was about to faint, but The Rock broke Angle's grip only to find himself trapped in his ankle. Rock came out of the hold and watched Taker's chokeslam Angle. Rocky hit the Rock Bottom, but Taker refused to go down and hunted. Angle swung Taker up to the Angle Slam but was Rock Bottomed of the Big One and stuck! Winner and new WWE champion: The Rock <br /> <br /> ~ Finally there is a decent PPV! Lately the PPV was not very good, but this was a winner. I give this PPV to A- <br /> <br />
