Many people know how it feels when a loved one gets lost. Feelings of pain, pain and pain can be unbearable. However, sometimes it is the memories that leave behind to trigger the saddest emotions. This theme is superbly portrayed in the short film 'Tulip', directed by award-winning Australian actress Rachel Griffths. Described as a film "on memories as much as on love", a sequence of sensitivity and sentimentality is cleverly inserted into this triumphant 15-minute film. <br /> <br /> The "Tulip" is a magnificent, touching object and compelling story of a man's journey in coming to terms with the loss of his wife through the relationship he shares with a very special animal, "Tulip" . The film opens with a rising dawn, the chirping of birds and a vast panorama, introducing the sense of rustic harmony present throughout the film. Soft music plays, marking the entrance of Ruth (Jean Bain). She is wearing a flowered dress and an apron with a sun hat on her head. Gently caress the tulip, caressing her ears and stroking her back. The decor of the house is impressive and the attention to detail is believable (a vase of tulips can be seen on the bench), reflecting the peaceful rural community. Will (Charles 'Bud' Tingwell) greets Ruth while he is pouring milk from the bucket. They pour milk and coffee together, a sign of company and teamwork. Not a word is said, but it is obvious that their relationship is close and affectionate; they paint a perfect image of happiness. <br /> <br /> Sadly, happiness does not last forever. Ruth's tragic death deeply affects Will. An effective scene of fading cars highlights Will's isolation and vulnerability at the end of the funeral. He soon sinks into depression and becomes oblivious to his surroundings when everything seems hopeless and lost. At the time of Will's despair, Tulip becomes Ruth's symbol, the true connection that Will has with his late wife. It was through Tulip that Will learns to face Ruth's absence and overcome the heartbreaking feelings of loneliness. <br /> <br /> Each of the characters is portrayed in a realistic and solid way, especially the part of Will. Charles 'Bud' Tingwell brings the character to life through personal investment. The recent loss of his wife (Audrey Tingwell) is effectively reflected in his acting. Each fold of his shoulder and every frown on his forehead make the viewer emphatize strongly with the character. The character of Ruth is wonderfully crafted by Jean Bain. Although Ruth does not say a single word throughout the film, her sweet personality and love affair with Will are obvious. Lois Ramsey and Kati Edwards offer delightful interpretations in supporting roles such as the friendly Margaret and Mary. They also add a subtle humor to the bittersweet story. <br /> <br /> An anecdote from Griffths' childhood, the story of loss and discovery is greatly captured in "Tulip". Beautifully filmed and superbly interpreted, this film will surely have your eyes veiled, triumphant or wanting to drink a cup of milk.
