I read some reviews of this TV movie that said the film dragged on too long and that it was basically sensational entertainment. I agree that perhaps the film lasts a little too long (2:30 pm would have been enough ...) but I certainly don't think it sensationalizes the subject. Jim Jones' rampant journey of power and the slow degradation of mental illness, paranoia and drug abuse are never treated voyeuristically. The film takes his time to show how Jones has recruited followers (the character of Brenda Vaccaro and Brad Dourif are the protagonists), but also observing a strange change in Jones's perception of reality. It is astonishing to see an egalitarian, left-wing and compassionate preacher become such a destructive and cruel dictator. Maybe the film doesn't quite explore Jones's motivations, which can make the experience a bit superficial at times (it might even have to do with censorship ...) But Powers Boothe's hypnotic performance makes it all true. I'm not familiar with the details of Jim Jones's real life, but Boothe definitely makes the monster that he plays credible and real. The film features many strong scenes, including Jones's preaching messes, Jones's meeting with Divine Father (a note from James Earl Jones), Congressman Leo Ryan (Ned Beatty) in the Guyana camp and, of course , the scene of suicide. It's pretty dark to watch and Boothe is quite authoritarian in those last moments. Madge Sinclair shines in this scene as one of the suddenly skeptical followers, as well as Veronica Cartwright (like Jones's wife) and Brad Dourif, especially when it's time to drink the killer potion. The relative calm of the end of this scene, the refined direction and contrasting beauty of the natural environment all work to make those images completely impossible to erase from one's mind. A disturbing reflection on human nature and its weaknesses. It's worth looking at, if only to keep in mind one of the truly horrific events of the 20th century. Don't let it repeat again. As ironically, the inscription in the field of Jim Jones: "Those who do not know the past are obliged to repeat it".
