The most successful comic films usually depend on having the biggest villains in life, ready to jump off the screen and strangle you with a smile or a demented line or two of dialogue. Tim Burton Batmans had it, as did (even more grotesquely) Sin City. With Dick Tracy's producer / director / star, Warren Beatty pilots the villains until he becomes part of the structure. As an exaggerated tribute to the gangster films of the 1930s - only this time meant for children in contrast to the darker Bonnie and Clyde - Dick Tracy is full, with joy, of archetypes and bright primary colors, where criminals they carry submachine guns and form on them aimed at shaping their personalities. Bad guys like Stooge, Shoulders, Lips, Brow, Mumbles, Blank, Pruneface, Spud. Chester Gould gave his characters names that fit their profiles and gave his hero a jaw that could cut glass. The film is a continuation of gags of sight that are taken perfectly seriously. <br /> <br /> If, at the moment, films like Batman and (undervalued) Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles were darker representations of reality within a comic book plot, Dick Tracy is more "old-fashioned". It's a story about cops and cheaters, or rather a policeman, detective Tracy trying to take out Big Boy (Al Pacino, in what is probably his greatest performance to date, and in a way the one that makes sense for his great style), but without much luck. There is also a child, simply called Kid (Charlie Korsmo, who somehow brings more sperm to this kid than he would have imagined), and Tracy's love interest for Tess. And then there is the "dame" nightclub (Madonna, who probably doesn't offer any kind of acting, but perhaps is suited to the role, and sings excellently when called), which will not testify if Tracy does not admit feelings that she does not have for her Then there are intricate relations with Tracy down, and a mysterious masked figure with an angular voice. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, as if making a film of Howard Hawks in a splash of visual effects and larger explosions, Dick Tracy adds nutty comedy and action like his syrup on a high stack of pancakes. It is a wonder to watch this world, which was created in ways that have a fascination for them that if they were made today it would simply be by computer proxy (eg Sin City, which can rightly be compared to the Beatty film). We are guided through this world in large and large shots and then we push ourselves into the plot, or whatever there is, in large editing montages with camera angles that seem to come from those small panels inclined in the comics of the past. The Cotton Club almost comes to mind during these sequences, as the story, the music, the details and some BIG punches and gunshots do a lot to reveal what needs to be said, which, in reality, is nothing but needs And there's a bunch of engaging dialogues taken from the script (one of my favorites: "my enemy's enemy is ... my enemy", plus any of Pacino's references to other figures in quotation marks). <br /> <br /> Revisiting this after seeing it for the first time in the cinema (and only recalling small parts), Dick Tracy is a top-notch hard-boiled fantasy. It is full of joy for the children, and with some good square action without the more sinister intent of its cousin comic films (ie the PG-13 rate), and for adults its center of attraction made with brio and a solid feeling for the non-trivial. Even Dustin Hoffman sums it up and barely says an audible word!
