The opening credits make a brilliant, evocative entertainment show for evasion that is full of little nods to comics. All the good guys are good, all the bad guys are bad, and the movie is full of actors with familiar characters covered in macabre tricks to capture their characteristics. <br /> <br /> Warren Beatty, as Dick Tracy, is the last straight man, incorruptible, usually calm, always a better fighter than the other, and rarely one to push the limit on legality. Al Pacino, as "Big Boy" Caprice steals every scene in which she finds herself as a hunchback gangster in a metropolis without a name of the gangsters of the '30s. Maddonna plays the kind of person who probably would have played the best, Breathless Mahoney, a nightclub singer and femme fatale with her small agenda. Gleanne Headly is the hard-working girl of Tracy, who speaks hard and proudly. And then there's The Kid, a cute little street kid that Tracy welcomes, who models himself after the surrogate father and saves Tracy when the detective has accepted his fate of being blown up. <br /> <br /> Support players are a Who's Who of character actors. Charles Durning is the police chief. Dick Van Dyke is the district attorney, who is corrupted by Big Boy's henchmen to keep him on the streets. Dustin Hoffman has a humorous turn as Mumbles, the snitch whose dialect is so indecipherable that the cops can't make head or tail of what he has to say. R. G. Armstrong is Pruneface, one of the rival gangsters that Big Boy forms a particular alliance to create a criminal network that spreads throughout the city. Mandy Patinkin is 88 Keys, the pianist for the Breathless show. Paul Sorvino plays Lips Manlis, the former benefactor of Breathless until Big Boy gives him "the bathroom". James Caan wears relatively little makeup in his performance as the only gangster who will not follow Big Boy's grand plan. William Forsythe and Ed O'Ross are the performers of Big Boy, Flattop and Itchy. <br /> <br /> This film retains all the corn of the comic, plus it is full of bright colors. Almost all the seeds are processed in blue and green, yellow and red. All the colors of the rainbow are found in this film - and then some! The opaque paintings that are used really make this world as two-dimensional, played only in three-dimensional series. Humor is abundant. Al Pacino fills his character's shoes like no other character he has played before or after. Big Boy is a little crazy and a kind of self-pity. He is an eccentric little man who is proud to mention our founding fathers and compare himself to great political leaders. The man with the plan, always looking for the smartest way to do business.
