I recently saw Spirit and loved it, saw it about 4 times on HBO and bought the DVD. Those who provided negative reviews would probably think that "Vanishing Point" was just another car chase movie and "Thelma & Louise" was just another movie. Although the conclusions of those films are more obscure, I feel that the themes are somehow related; that freedom and individualism are very important and that there is usually someone who wants to take it away. The other common trait of these films is the careful and caring "guardian angel" who helps the main characters overcome adversity. <br /> <br /> Another review here mentions how this film refers to the theme of civilization invading someone else's home. All we have to do is take a look at the open areas around us to see it. <br /> <br /> I thought the animation and the story were incredible, the animators really made sure that the horses looked, acted and moved naturally. The emotions of the spirit were very clear as the story progressed (yes, I am aware that they humanize horses a little, but this is fiction). In a couple of action scenes you feel captivated by the current of the rapids and the heat of a forest fire. In other quieter scenes (which are most of the time) you are allowed to savor the backgrounds. One of the great things that make the story really working is to not go and talk, sing the animal path. Doing so would take away the power of history. Instead the flow of the story is told by an occasional narrative from the main character, further punch is added by the fantastic soundtrack. Another advantage is that they were not afraid to give the story a dark side (which made this film very interesting to me). However, this is not prevalent throughout the entire film, and the conclusion is just and uplifting without being sweetened. <br /> <br /> Those who appreciate horses will love this film a lot, but I think it's a little more than a movie horse. I don't think this would be a good movie to bring kids to if they grew up on the senseless price offered today. But if they are thoughtful able to handle compelling stories like The Lord of the Rings and Black Beauty, they will probably love this movie. Hell, I'm 35 and STILL love that stuff.
