Some time in the late 19th century, somewhere in the American West, several cowboys who need money go hunting for buffalo. The group leader believes that buffaloes are too numerous for hunting to have an impact, but the most experienced hunter has seen how quickly the population can collapse, and he is not so sure. With herds of buffalo living in South Dakota and showing real hunting films (the introduction of the film explains it as necessary to thin the herd), the film does an excellent job in presenting the situation of buffaloes and its effect on Native Americans without ever preaching about it. <br /> <br /> The real story, however, concerns the dysfunctional family created by the small group formed for hunting. The father figure is Charlie, a violent man with a short fuse. Sandy, his "brother", is the experienced hunter who is tired of killing, but he needs work after losing his cattle. A half-Indian boy, who hates the fact that he seems completely Caucasian, takes on the role of adopted son. The grandfather (and moral compass) is a skinner of alcoholic buffaloes; Charlie's "wife" is an Indian woman whose companions she killed after stealing her horses. <br /> <br /> Charlie is clearly the most interesting figure. He is bad and insulting to everyone around him, but at the same time he knows that they are the only family and friends he has. He expects kidnapped Indian women to hate him, then welcome him, but he doesn't know how to react when he refuses to do so. It is he who brings the family together, but he is also the one who is destined to destroy it definitively. <br /> <br /> This is all very similar to the classic "Red River", which also includes a family of all sorts being torn to pieces by the increasingly violent and alienated father figure. As one might expect, this film suffers in comparison. The plot is not focused on the development of the characters and the family dynamics, and the management cannot maintain all the scenes according to this common goal. Charlie is so profoundly unlikely from the beginning that we never have to worry about what happens to him or his family. On the positive side, however, the message surrounding the buffalo slaughter adds an extra dimension to the film and its conclusion is far superior to the Hollywood finale that was attacked at the end of "Red River". Consequently, "The Last Hunt" is an interesting and entertaining film, very well done, but not up to what would be necessary to consider it a classic.
