I had the privilege of watching Scarface on the big screen with its beautifully restored 35mm print in honor of the twentieth anniversary of the film's release. It was nice to see it on the big screen, because much of it was lost on TVs and the overall generosity of this project cannot be emphasized enough. <br /> <br /> Scarface is a remake of a classic rags to enrich the story of hell with Al Pacino as the Cuban drug lord Tony Montana. In this version, Tony arrives in America during the wave of immigration of Cuban boat people in the late 1970s, in the early 1980s. Tony and his cohorts quickly get green cards with the participation of a political figure in Tent City and after a brief stay in a Cuban restaurant; Tony is launched on his horrible path to total destruction. <br /> <br /> Many of the characters in this film have been interpreted so skilfully that it is so pleasant to watch that I have forgotten little about this film in the last twenty years. Robert Loggia is Tony's owner, Frank Lopez is wonderful. His character is spoiled by being too confident and, as Tony quickly understands, sweet. Lopez's right hand, Omar Suarez is played by one of our greatest actors, F. Murray Abraham (Amadeus). Suarez is the last of the guys and will do anything for Frank; it's like he doesn't have a mind of his own. Tony sees it quickly and fights constantly with Suarez, but in reality he sees it only as a minor problem to overcome. The character that always returns to me perfectly is Mel Bernstein, the audacious Miami Narcotics detective played by Harris Yulin (Training Day). He plays Tony from Frank until he joins him in a scene that marks the release of Frank and Mel. It is priceless to hear Frank ask Mel to intercede, while Tony is going to kill him just to hear Mel answer, "It's your tree Frank, you're sitting in it." This is from the man that Frank was paying for protection! <br /> <br /> Tony's rise is meteoric and only combines speed and intensity with his fast and burning accident. After Frank's opening and hiring of his wife and business, Tony's greed takes over and he can never get enough. While Tony plunges deeper into the world of drugs, greed and the inability to trust, he eventually kills his best friend and sister who was in love and married. All of this establishes the ending in which Tony's compound is stormed by an army of his supplier who feels betrayed because Tony would not have committed a political assassination that was ordered. All this gives rise to a compassionate moment in which Tony refused to be an accomplice to a murder that would have involved the victim's wife and children. <br /> <br /> Overall this is a representation of the excesses of the 1980s and the culture of cocaine. DePalma does a good job of keeping everything together in one of the fastest moving three-hour movies on the move. The violence is extremely graphic and contains some scenes that will remain forever etched in the mind of every spectator, in particular the macabre saw saw chain, the two blows to the head and the whole damn melee that concludes the film. This is a stylistically well made film that is not for the picky, or for those who need optimistic endings and potential sequels; DePalma lets everything fly right here.
