One of the most definitive gangster movies of the 80s, Scarface is a film of its time. The first thing you notice when you watch this movie is that it's screaming "done in 1983". The costumes, the soundtrack and the soundtrack, the hairstyles, make no mistake about it this is a film about crime in the 80s and while it should be dated horribly it is not. This is still a superb film. While the music of Georgio Moroder has a lot of time, it still compliments the story of Tony Montana thanks to the superb screenplay by Oliver Stone and the first-class directing of Brian De Palma, one of the two films he made with Pacino (l 'other being the fantastic way of Carlito). All the De Palma brands are here; the strong language, the graphic violence (we'll talk about it later), the stylish excesses like the grandiose scenography and, of course, the elegant photographic work. <br /> <br /> Pacino dominates the film and I mean literally. It is the dominant star of this film. His performance over the top, this is one of those movies in which Pacino doesn't say so much about his lines as he shouts, this time with a superb Cuban accent. However, this is Pacino and he does it in a fantastic way. Only he could go so high above the lines and still get out of the movie with his acting integrity intact. While some may complain about his howling of his jokes and the sheer excess of it all, this is an excessive film. Take a look at the production design of Tony's house, take a look at the violence in this film. The chainsaw incident is decidedly brutal and their blood is everywhere. The shots eventually have bodies that go down at a pace that is more like Schwarzenegger and Stallone in the Rambo movies. Take a look at the amount of coke that is shown in the film, so Pacino's performance I suppose is perfect for the film. It is supported by actors who are more like saying their lines in a more controlled way. Steven Bauer, in particular, as Manny, Tony's best friend, is the protagonist of the supporting cast. His performance is so controlled and quiet in a certain De Niro style that it is a wonder how he ended up doing directly to the soft porn video. Michelle Pfeiffer, of course, adds the glamor, Robert Loggia adds the usual Gravitas as usual and Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio makes a great debut as Tony's sister. <br /> <br /> Obviously this is more of an excess movie. There's more to it than drugs, violence, chainsaw assaults and a major shooting. This is a film about the dark side of the American dream. In many ways he puts it on a theme with The Godfather films. Tony finds himself coming to America, taking everything, living the American dream and then losing everything violently, and saying he loses everything, I mean he loses everything. He kills his best friend, his sister is killed, his empire literally crumbles around him and to overcome him he is killed in his own villa, bullets tear him apart. <br /> <br /> Without a doubt Scarface is one of the key films of the early 80s. Of course, it doesn't have the subtleties of the Godfather movies, but this is still a good film and one that is worth going again and again.
