In 1983, director Brian De Palma left to shoot a film about the rise and fall of an American gangster, and he did - with the help of an extraordinary script by Oliver Stone and an impeccable work by an exceptional cast. The result was "Scarface", played by Al Pacino in one of his most memorable roles. The story begins in May 1980, when Castro opened the port of Mariel, in Cuba, to allow Cuban citizens to join their families in the United States. 125,000 left Cuba at the time, for the greener pastures of freedom in America, and most were honest and hard-working people, grateful for the opportunity they had been granted. But not everything. Among the "Marielitos" that flowed in Florida, about 25,000 had criminal records and were nothing but the scum of the Cuban prisons - criminals considered beyond redemption, of which Castro had simply wanted to free himself. And they also saw America as a land of opportunity, just as Al Capone had considered Chicago some fifty years earlier. And among the most ambitious was a man named Tony Montana (Pacino), known to his associates as "Caracortada". Scarface. <br /> <br /> Now that he was free from the yoke of communism under which he grew up, Montana wanted what he felt came from him, and he wanted it now; and from the moment he got off the boat in Florida, he was determined to have it all. Wealth and power: that was the dream of Montana, and he would get it by doing what he did best, starting with a favor for a man who lives in Miami under the name of Frank Lopez (Robert Loggia). Lopez apparently had a brother in Cuba who had met a premature end at the hands of one of Castro's assassins, a man who, having survived his usefulness to Castro, had been summarily discarded and was currently detained in Little Havana, 'along with Montana and all the Cubans just outside the boats, where they waited for their documents from the government that would affect their transition into their new lives. And in a short time, Montana makes sure that Lopez's brother has been avenged, and lays the groundwork for his entry into America's underworld. <br /> <br /> Lopez, a wealthy businessman with the right connections, in return for the favor gets Montana and his friend, Manny (Steven Bauer), released from the detention camp, and puts them to work . In his day, Capone may have had bootlegging as a means by which to align his coffers with illicit gains, but Lopez has the modern equivalent, and is even more profitable: cocaine. Lopez takes the Montana under his wing and indoctrinates him in life, but once he has tasted it, Montana is not satisfied with the crumbs that Lopez deems appropriate to launch, and establishes a path that will take him where he wants to be: "top" . With an iron will in cold blood, Montana decides that she will do everything necessary to get there, regardless of the cost. but before it is over, he will realize the price for his dream, and he will pay it; but for a brief moment, perhaps he will know what it means to be Man. And he will know even if it was worth it. <br /> <br /> In step with De Palma's vision, Pacino interprets the largest Montana in life, and does it beautifully. From the striking accent (which he studied thoroughly to make sure he understood - and he did it), for body language and attitude, he understood everything, and makes Montana convincing and very real. What brings to the role is nuance and style, in a way that few actors (De Niro could be one) can. This is absolutely not a character that is in any way nice, nor is there anything about Montana that you can easily connect to on a personal level; but the presence of Pacino's screen is so strong that it makes him a completely compelling character, even if it is difficult to become emotionally involved with him. It is simply a dynamic and memorable performance. <br /> <br /> Even Michelle Pfeiffer offers a solid performance, in the role that brought her to the road of celebrity. Like Elvira, the woman who becomes an integral part of the Montana dream, Pfeiffer is thin and sober, giving that sense of something that is happening below, while striking a rather cold and distant external appearance. She, like Pacino, surely makes her presence felt as she slips discreetly on the screen with a stoic, enigmatic and sensual attitude. <br /> <br /> The supporting cast includes Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio (Gina), Miriam Colon (Mama Montana), F. Murray Abraham (Omar), Paul Shenar (Sosa) and Harris Yulin (Bernstein). An excellent precursor of the most recent and acclaimed "Traffic" and "Blow", besides having a climatic scene reminiscent of Peckinpah of "The Wild Bunch", "Scarface" by De Palma, originally struck down by the critics, has since been quoted by many like the definitive American gangster saga. Much of the violence is implicit rather than graphic, but this film still has a side of realism that many might find a little disturbing. But if you stay with it, there is a lesson to be learned at the end. And like many life lessons, the most valuable are often the most difficult to take at that time. But the reward is always worth it, and this is the way it is with this movie. I rate this 8/10. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />
