"A classic is something that everyone wants to read but nobody wants to read, a classic is also something that everyone praises but no one has read." -Mark Twain <br /> <br /> 'Classic' seems to be the word used to describe "Scarface", the 1983 film by Brian DePalma on opulence, personal surrender, greed and danger among the rings of Florida drug. People and critics (and rappers, by the way) believe that this film is a "classic gangster epic" or "gangster film eptiome". When it is all but praised for all the wrong reasons. Scarface is a fantastic film that deserves praise from all over the world, but not all the praise it gets from today's audiences, and therefore the salient points that make the general public miss so much. <br /> <br /> First of all, the film is about a Cuban refugee, with a past that wants to escape communism and capture happiness. Simple? Yes. But the layers of De Palma's directorial genius, and the great story written by Oliver Stone (yes, I know, actually wrote a real beauty here) play in all this. The characters are all looking for an escape route, as escape is a natural element that everyone in the film faces. Each character has something to offer, which makes them fun for everyone who appreciates this movie. They are intertwined in a world of mystique and money, but all this comes at a price, as everyone learns. Every character thinks they have better possibilities in life, when in real dramatic irony, they are actually getting worse. 'Tragedy' would be a better word to describe this film. All those who praise the film for its use of drugs, it is violence, it is a dialogue, it has not understood the point. There is nothing really positive about the film besides the positive expectations of the characters of themselves. And that's why the film works so well. The devastation through the film serves to convey the film's message, to not seem interesting or to attract viewers. Brian De Palma does not create films for cult gangsters or mindless action fans. <br /> <br /> The film is a drama for adults. It's not a "gangster movie". It has its share of action, but the action is drawn very carefully, so it has a point. It's not like "Aliens" - an example of a stupid action movie, and most of the audience perceives this movie as a stupid gangster movie about taking drugs and shooting people. Ridiculous. Nonsense. If this movie talks about this, then it's about how bad it is. Not a promotion of it. <br /> <br /> That said, the movie is really a great movie. It has a great cinematography that involves you in history. It has a very dramatic score (in true Giorgio Moroder style), which could simply give you chills or bring you to tears. The film is quite long, but it's a story, and every moment counts. The acting is fantastic. Al Pacino - quite said. He can play any role he is addressing, and this has not been an exception. Nice guy Steven Bauer, like Manny. I didn't think much of him in other films he did, but in reality he makes you like him when he goes under the direction of maestro De Palma. Michelle Pfeiffer is a true gem like Elvira. Popping just got out of a sort of embarrassment in "Grease 2" got his ticket to ride by performing a performance without excluding strokes of a beauty that is more than it looks. But the three real diamonds in this crude are Mary Elizabeth Mastrontonio like Tony's sister, Gina, who when she smiles or cries, we see her soul and her fresh way of life, and see it deteriorate; Paul Shenar as Alejandro Sosa, a drug lord, who runs deeper than a river, and Shenar portrays him that way; and Miriam Colom in the role of Tony and Gina's torn mother. These three dig the film as deep as possible. <br /> <br /> This review has learned one main thing when you look at "Scarface" for the first time. Always enter an unconscious film. All the hype and chatter of this movie cannot prepare you for what you really see. Just knowing De Palma (like me) can give you an idea of ​​what this film has in store. So ignore the rap of the rap, ignore the advocates of senseless violence and fix yourself a glass of Bailey's on the rocks and give yourself an exciting view of a great movie, the real "Scarface".
