Many people like this movie and many others love it, but it seems to be all for the wrong reasons. Scarface should be appreciated and loved, but not in the way it was or is. <br /> <br /> Many people say that the acting was exaggerated, but who is better to do an exaggerated Al Pacino character. To say that Pacino went beyond the scenes here would be an understatement. Yet he does it so well, he takes the inner devil out so well. His character, Tony Montana, was not such a big boy, but his thirst for power only brings his disease to greed to another level; an inhuman level Of course, sometimes Pacino seems a bit comics and surreal but to me it doesn't seem at all a responsibility. The supporting cast has done its job very well. Michelle Pfeiffer wasn't exactly at her best, but she definitely fit the role she played. On the other hand Steven Bauer was at his best, however it is Steven Bauer. Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio was good and like Michelle Pfeiffer she adapted very well to her role. Robert Loggia I've always enjoyed watching him see him scream. Besides Pacino, they weren't really memorable performances or performances. Everyone seemed to adapt to their roles being there. They didn't fit perfectly but they were pretty convincing. Brian De Palma did a great job directing this film. Whenever an actor is able to become larger than life with his performance, the director should be given some credit and I will certainly give De Palma that. Brian De Palma, although he has not been given the respect, is a very versatile director from my point of view. He knows how to direct films according to their genres, but sometimes it didn't go well. Here it is, this is a gangster movie for everyone, but few are much better than this because of De Palma. <br /> <br /> The writing was great, it was just pure Oliver Stone. When I saw the credits at the end of this film and saw that Oliver Stone had written this, I wasn't in the least surprised. This is a testament for him though. I always thought of him as a great writer and for me he proves it once again with Scarface. No one knows how to write a surreal reality for a film compared to Oliver Stone. <br /> <br /> The music was good but not exceptional. It is certainly not my favorite by Giorgio Moroder. The music was a little too 80s, but for me it didn't bother me. The cinematography was good, not great but really who cares with a film like this. <br /> <br /> This was probably one of the most influential films of the last 25 years, but as mentioned above it is for the wrong reasons. People should realize that the character of Tony Montana is not a hero, he is a monster. It is not inspirational in any case. He is greedy, bloodthirsty, ignorant and self-consumed. Yet it is a model for many people because it is in one way or another a rebel, but probably mainly because it is a disappointed gangster. A vigilante would be like Mother Tereasa next to Scarface. <br /> <br /> The beauty of this film is that it shows that Tony Montanas are not the real problem. If we or the people of authority wanted to close people like him, we could do it but we don't. In a strange and twisted way, it is a necessity of our society. He is someone to blame everything and fall in love better than you. The Tony Montanas of this world are the scapegoats of our society. This in no way excuses people like him. Instead it is more like a reminder that we should not apologize or allow ourselves to do bad things just because we measure ourselves or think we can measure ourselves better than a gangster or drug dealer. I love this film because it's more than a corruption film, it's a movie that makes you think alone in a strange way.
