Those who gave this production such a low grade probably never saw George Balanchine's famous production on stage, or are letting their contempt for Macaulay Culkin's star cast influence their judgment. The Atlanta Ballet had the luck, from the 60s to the 80s, of being the first ballet company authorized to stage this production in addition to the New York City Ballet, and I saw it live on stage several times . I can assure readers that the film is a fairly accurate rendering of this production, and that the use of a child with limited dancing skills in the lead role is not a cheap stunt invented to show Culkin; it was Balanchine's idea to use a child in this role, just as it was his idea to use a child for the role of Marie. The "heavy" dance is left to adults in history. <br /> <br /> This is deliberately a film set on the scene; in a sense, it resembles "Othello" by Laurence Olivier. Exactly like in that film, the sets of the scenic production have been enlarged to the size of a cinematic stage, but have not been made less artificial, and the ballet is photographed in a simple way with discreet close-ups and without the annoying "music videos" characterized in 1986 the overvalued version of Maurice Sendak-Carroll Ballard. There are only two missteps in this 1993 movie. One is the addition of distracting and utterly useless sound effects (mouse squeaks, children whisper "Ma-gic!" To Drosselmeyer, etc.). These sound effects are never heard in any theatrical production of any "Nutcracker", and were put on low-cost concession simply to appease the unsophisticated audience that might not appreciate the idea of ​​watching a ballet on film. <br /> <br /> The other false step is Macaulay Culkin's Nutcracker trick, which seems absolutely ridiculous. When it is on the screen like the Nutcracker, rather than wearing a huge mask (as is always the case when Balanchine's production is performed on stage), Culkin is actually invented as a toy - wearing a bald hat, as well as a white wig , mustache and beard. He also has a slightly disheveled face, and the worst aspect of his makeup is that he is still recognizably his face, turned amateur in a way similar to that of Ray Bolger, Jack Haley and Bert Lahr in "The Wizard of Oz" (the result of the make-up of that film, however, worked spectacularly, as this is not). And a comparison with Baryshnikov's nutcracker in * his * production shows how wonderfully creative Baryshnikov's nutcracker mask was - the "jaws" seemed to move whenever Baryshnikov tilted his head back. <br /> <br /> The dance itself in the Macaulay Culkin version is excellent, of course, except for Culkin himself, whose dance, as I said, is not meant to be even spectacular. (The Sugar Plum Fairy and his Cavalier are prominent roles in Balanchine's production of "The Nutcracker".) The colors of the film, however, could be a little brighter as this is a fantasy. The choreography is also ingenious, and the adaptation is so faithful as to include the sequence that contains additional music from Tchaikovsky's ballet "Sleeping Beauty" - while Marie sneaks downstairs, falls asleep on the couch and dreams that Drosselmeyer is " repairing "" The broken Nutcracker (this sequence was not included in Ciajkovskij's original ballet, it is the only sequence in this production that contains music from a work other than "The Nutcracker"). <br /> <br /> Those who have lost this film, or those who despise (or hate) should give it a chance, despite its two major drawbacks, it is much better than it seems when you hear for the first time that Culkin is inside.
