Released as Zentropa in North America to avoid confusion with the Dutch Holocaust Europe film by Agniezska Holland, this third feature film by a filmmaker who never ceases to surprise, inspire or even shock is a bizarre, nostalgic film elaborated on a naive American in Germany shortly after the end of World War II. The American, named Leo, does not fully understand what he is doing there. He came to take part in the reparation of the country because, in his mind, the time has come for Germany to have shown some charity. No matter how it sounds, he is not a Nazi sympathizer or a particularly pro-German one, just confused. His uncle, who works on the railway, gets Leo a job as a helmsman on a sleeping car, and is increasingly entangled in a vortex of the horrors and enigmas of 1945 Germany. <br /> <br /> This progression begins when Leo, played in a rather memorable way by the calm but restless actor Jean-Marc Barr, meets a fascinating heir on the train played by Barbara Sukowa, an actress with superficial kindness but internal vigor. She seduces him and then takes him home to meet his family, who owns the company that makes the trains. They were the precise trains that brought the Jews to death during the war, but now they run a daily schedule, and the woman's Uncle Kessler poses as another one of those good Germans who were doing their job. There is also Udo Kier, the terrible actor who shocked me in Von Trier's shocking second film, Epidemic, although here is a simple scenario. <br /> <br /> Another guest in the house is Eddie Constantine, an actor with a calm strength, playing an obscure American intelligence man. He can confirm that Uncle Kessler was a war criminal, even if it is completely disconcerting for Leo. Americans have been characterized as gullible rubies by their element for decades, but little have been more quietly indifferent than Leo, who returns to his work on what gradually appears as his personalized train of death. <br /> <br /> The story is told in a deliberately uncoordinated way by the Danish director of the film, Lars Von Trier, whose anchor is in the montage and in the breathtaking cinematography of the film. He shoots in black and white and in color, uses double exposures, optical effects and make-up photography, interacting with the actors with retro-projected shots, puts his characters in a visceral world rich in nuances so that sometimes they feel like insects, caught in the glass for our most accurate survey. <br /> <br /> The surrealist work that won the grand prize of the jury is allegorical, but perhaps in a distinct tone for each spectator. I interpret it as a film about the last legs of Nazism, symbolized by the train, and the ethical responsibility of the Americans and others who appeared too late to save the martyrs of these trains and the fields where they distributed their convicted ships. During the period of the film, and the Nazi state, and that meaning for the train, they died, but as headless chickens they continue to shake themselves through their reflections. <br /> <br /> The characters, the music, the dialogue, and the plot is deliberately trained and almost satirically procured by the conventions of film noir. The most enthusiastic points of the film are the entirely cinematographic ones. Two trains stop back and forth, Barr on one and Sukowa on another. An underwater shot of proliferating blood. An unusually expressive sequence of what must be like drowning. And the most metaphysically influential of all, an anesthetic hit of tracks, as the voice of Max von Sydow draws us to return to Europe with him, and abandon our personal restriction.
