William Castle is known among fans of horror as a B series director of the 50s and 60s. His tricks, his cost-cutting techniques and his unique vision are legendary. It is not surprising, therefore, that someone (Jeffrey Schwarz, who has made countless documentaries) has finally had time to dedicate a documentary to his greatness. Such is "Spine Tingler: The William Castle Story". <br /> <br /> I had a general understanding of who Castle was, having seen some of his films over the years. I knew nothing about his personal life, his goals and his ambitions. This film really enriched the man and gave me a broader appreciation for the devotion he had for the art of making films and his contribution to the horror genre. The film describes Castle as a rival to Alfred Hitchcock, with Hitch being the artist who wins the praise, while Castle is the carnival barker who gains notoriety of worship, but much less respect. It's an icon for all second-rate directors out there, and that's why it's no surprise that John Waters is prominently present here. (Joe Dante and Stuart Gordon also have important roles.) <br /> <br /> His expedients were what drove his fame, and the documentary is committed to explaining them, which is crucial for those who are too young to remember. The rudimentary 3-D of "13 Ghosts" (see separate review), the buzzer on the seat of "The Tingler" (see separate review), reimbursement guarantees for "Homicidal" ... watching these films now out of the theater, we can judge them for their contents (which I personally still like) but we cannot fully appreciate what the public had once heard. <br /> <br /> The highlight of the film is when Castle moves from cult director to Hollywood producer. After buying the rights to "Rosemary's Baby", he is put in a very special place to negotiate his film release. Hoping to direct, he is marginalized by the producer to make room for new director Roman Polanski. At first disappointed, this proves to be one of the best opportunities in his life: a very successful film and a job he excels at. Who better to check the bag of the wild artist Polanski than a penny castle? This would have been his crowning achievement, although unfortunately the film is more often linked to Polanski than to Castle. <br /> <br /> The rest of his years are played and we are given personal reflections by his daughter and granddaughter. On the other hand, everyone seems to have nothing but praise for man. Somewhere along the way, it certainly has upset one or two people, but you would never know from this movie. And I find that you find - this is a celebration of Bill Castle's life, not "E! True Hollywood Story". Fans of the genre would do well to take a copy of this work. <br /> <br /> I will personally recommend collecting the William Castle Collection, which contains not only this but eight Castle films, with special features. This documentary is also accompanied by an audio commentary, so you can hear how Schwarz was personally influenced by Castle, and have Castle's daughter, Terry, which reflects her experiences with various films and remakes. It's almost a completely new film.
