For some reason, this film never appeared in its original language in my neck of the woods (despite being the owner of the TCM UK Cable channel, which broadcasts dozens of MGM titles week after week). More disappointing, it is still M.I.A. on DVD ?? also from the recent Warner box set "Western Classics Collection" (which includes 3 other such efforts by Robert Taylor); perhaps, they are saving him for a possible "Signature Collection" dedicated to this faithful supporter of MGM, which could be coming next year in time for the 40th anniversary of his death? <br /> <br /> I say this because the film allows him a rare evil role as a selfish Westerner with a fanatical Indian hatred and who opts to exploit his expert tyrant by making easy money for buffalo hunting; an opening statement offers the alarming statistic that the population of this species has been reduced from 60,000,000 to 3,000 in the space of just 30 years! As a partner, does Taylor choose former business professional Stewart Granger ?? rallying an alcoholic, Lloyd Nolan with legs full of legs (who constantly mocks the irascible and vindictive Taylor) and the half-blood teen Russ Tamblyn for that purpose. As expected, is the company's relationship shaky ?? reminiscent of the one in the middle of THE NAKED SPUR by Anthony Mann (1953), another squalid MGM western outdoor. The film, in fact, deftly approximates the taste and harshness of Mann's work in this field (although it was the first of a handful of writer / director Brooks's releases, but which, cumulatively, showed considerable diversity); also here, does the narration throw in a female presence (Debra Paget, also a half-breed) to contend between the two robust portals ?? and Granger, like James Stewart of THE NAKED SPUR, returns to his work only reluctantly (his remorse for having to kill buffalo for sport alone and profit is actually realized). <br /> <br /> Also the latter suffers from seeing Taylor take Paget for himself ?? she bravely but coldly endures her approaches, while secretly craving for Granger ?? and let his frustration go out on the locals in a bar, drunk! Taylor, himself, does not emerge unscathed from the affair: as the protagonist of THE TREASURE OF SIERRA MADRE (1948), he becomes wary and jealous of his associates, especially with regard to a rare one ?? and, therefore, precious ?? they hide a white buffalo they have captured; at some point he even becomes a buffalo mad (as Nolan had predicted), becoming disappointed in taking the roar of thunder from the hooves of an approaching mass of the species! Are the hunting scenes themselves impressive? the buffaloes that fall to the ground, fall to the ground when they strike, the endless line of the day's catch and the carcasses that subsequently infest the meadows. The atypical but memorable epilogue of the film, therefore, is rightly famous: with Winter in full swing, a Taylor now paranoid in search of Granger's blood lies waiting outside a cave (in which the latter and Paget have taken refuge) to shoot him; when Granger emerges the next morning, does he discover Taylor in a curved position? frozen to death! <br /> <br /> Incidentally, my father owns a copy of the enormous source novel of this (by Milton Lott) from the days of the original release of the film: in reality, he collected a large number of such editions ?? after all is it still a popular practice ?? where a book is re-launched to promote its film adaptation. Similarly for the record, Taylor and Granger ?? who works very well with each other here ?? had already been united (like the whale hunters of brothers!) in the seaman adventure ALL THE BROTHERS WERE VALIANT (1953) ?? which, curiously, is just as difficult to see (in fact, even more so, considering that it hasn't even been shown on Italian TV for what it seems to be)!
