The quality of this film is simply unmatched by any baseball title of its time. Pam Dixon stands out in the film industry to recruit potential customers and make this artwork a must see. Academy Award winners Brenda Fricker (Home Alone: ​​Lost in New York, A Time to Kill), Ben Johnson (The Last Show, Red Dawn) and Adrien Brody (The Pianist, The Village) amplify the atmosphere of the film, drawing in an anxious audience. However, the dramatic performances are neutralized by the eccentric radio station Jay O. Sanders (JFK, The Day After Tomorrow). <br /> <br /> The story is centralized around a foster child, emerging actor Joseph Gordon-Levitt (Brick, The Lookout). Sidekick Milton Davis Jr. offers a tear-jerky show like the longtime friend who never knew his parents. The two do not have much, but what they have: angels' baseball and what they are looking for: identity. This is where the 4-time Emmy Nominee Danny Glover (Lethal Weapon, Predator 2) enters to save the day as frustrated Angels Manager, George Knox. In relation, all the characters in the story seem to have the same mission: to search within themselves to find out who they really are. <br /> <br /> Depressed by the fact that Roger (JGL) is separated from his father, he wants God for reunification if the Angels can take the pennant. The odds are astronomical, but the three-time Emmy winner Christopher Lloyd (Back to the Future, my Martian favorite) presents himself as the omniscient superintendent to work a little magic (pun intended). Before you know it, Al (Lloyd) is sitting with Roger in the stands, snacking on cracker jacks and causing some of the greatest ages of baseball! Dorothy Kingsley and George Wells (DK Oscar Nominee GW Oscar Winner) The 1951 screenplay is done under the finger of genius William Dear (nominated in Directors Guild of America). It includes a moving side story focused on the pitcher Mel Clark, played by Tony Danza (4-time Emmy nominated Golden Globe candidate), who in all other cast members is just trying to find his place in a confused Anaheim . Clark was nicknamed wash-up, once an important name in Cinci, but has something to prove to Manager Knox. <br /> <br /> To ruin this slightly biting plot would simply be the equivalent of committing adultery in the 18th century. This is a rough diamond, and it will keep you on the edge of the seat until everyone is in peace. Did I mention a cameo by Matthew McConaughey (A Time to Kill, We Are Marshall) for all the women out there?
