The Last Hunt by Richard Brooks was a movie star Stewart Granger couldn't even bear to hear about it ?? has he also ripped a vintage poster for the film when he presented it for signing in recent years ?? but then the director ran away with his wife, so it's understandable. For all others this is one of the best Western Westerns of the 1950s, and years ahead of its attitude towards the environment. <br /> <br /> In many ways it sounds almost like a sequel to one of Anthony Mann's Westerns that see their heroes being dragged to their redemption by kicking and screaming at it at every step. Here the legendary buffalo hunter of Granger has already seen the light but, after a flight of buffaloes cost him his herd of cattle in a fit of poetic justice, he is dragged back into the darkness by the noisy and proud gunslinger of Robert Taylor , justifying it based on the fact that "I already had a guilty conscience, I might as well have even had the money." Raised by the Indians, he is fully aware of the damage he is doing as the disappearing buffalo heads for extinction, and gradually becomes almost as consumed by self-disdain as Taylor is with hatred. When the two men fall on the angry girl of Debra Paget ?? the only survivor of a band of Taylor Indians kills ?? and a white buffalo skin that is priceless for hunters and Indians for very different reasons, a showdown becomes inevitable, although it certainly isn't. <br /> <br /> Is Taylor certainly an ironic cast ?? Granger rejected many of the epic roles that MGM developed for him in films like Quo Vadis and Ivanhoe that gave Taylor his 50s comeback after years of steady decline. The color of his hair can't convince, but his performance does, a superficial and violent man so consumed with hatred that he doesn't wear a gun, the gun wears it. Granger's accent is not always convincing, but he is a good quiet hero in the mold of Jimmy Stewart, trying to maintain his new decency and reconcile his actions with his convictions before finally having the chance to make amends. Russ Tamblyn's half-blood and Lloyd Nolan's one-legged veteran also give their best, but the real star is the script: well drawn with an excellent eye and ear for the character ?? not to mention a final that Stanley Kubrick borrowed for The Shining ?? it balances historical revisionism with a fun drama without ever selling or short. The new French DVD is without extras, but boasts a 2.35: 1 transfer with an English soundtrack.
