Although I don't usually go for implacable dishes like this, I happened to capture the 1994 version of ANGELS IN THE OUTFIELD (AitO) on cable one Saturday morning just as it was starting. Being a fan of Adrien Brody, I was curious to see what Brody was like as a young man of 21 (20 when he filmed it, I suppose) in this first role of Danny Hemmerling, utility infielder for the Angels of California (in the original of 1951, the ill-fated baseball team was the Pittsburgh Pirates, the name change is a nice touch, since it turns the title into a play on words, I decided to give the film an opportunity, and it turned out to be a "A rather painless, even lovable experience, with a decent balance of laughter, tears, sweetness and baseball-based excitement. Also, my 7-year-old daughter liked the angelic effects! :-) Directed by William Nesmith's frequent collaborator, William Dear, AitO is the story of Roger (Joseph Gordon-Levitt), a foster child who prays very seriously after his dad ne'er-do-well (the convincing Dermot Mulroney) is sarcastically said to be a family again time the last Angels of California win the pennant. Soon Roger begins to see the true angels in the games of Angels, led by Christopher Lloyd, whose usual, irreverent and eccentric irreverence prevents AitO from falling irretrievably into Schmaltz's area. Crusty George Knox's manager (Danny Glover in a tired, exasperated world) is a tough sale, but once the team starts winning, he believes in Roger's angelic sightings, and soon Knox has Roger and his friendly friend and friend adoptive JP (the adorable Milton Davis Jr.) to every game of the Angels for luck. Knox even begins to calm his outbursts of anger and his profane language, so much to calm the angels as for the love of the child, proving a bit strange when he starts to dress a referee as usual, but starts to assemble if same as it goes on. Predictable obstacles arise, such as the hateful sports journalist Ranch Wilder (Jay O. Sanders) who tries to create problems for Knox because of the angel's angle. Sure, in the end everything works perfectly for our heroes, but they are so damn lovable that you don't mind! :-) Brody with a childish face has a couple of good jokes (I especially like his exchange with Glover on the emotional impact of the National Anthem during a game) and a little cute in which a pretty blond angel rubs his shoulders before going up to beat. Brody is not the only future star in AitO's training: his teammates include Matthew McConaughey and Neal McDonough, and of course, young Gordon-Levitt was also the co-star of the 3rd ROCK FROM THE SUN on TV and of 10 films. I HATE YOU. The always funny Taylor Negron and the winning Oscars (but not for this movie :-) Brenda Fricker and Ben Johnson lend support. If you are a baseball fan who wants to rent a movie appropriate for children and have a look at some famous young actors before they become protagonists, AitO '94 will do well.
