First of all, let me comment that the public LOVED it from the first moment. Perhaps the events in the Middle East have led people to take the attitude: "I came for a play and I will like George from it". but for some reason, everyone seemed really involved in the play. The last few times Woody tried to make a simple comedy (Small Time Crooks, Curse of the Jade Scorpion, Hollywood Ending) I felt like the batsmen were tense and a little old-fashioned. I remember thinking at one point: "It would have been fun in the early sixties." So, entering this film, I was afraid that Woody would become a dull tone, however, in this case his comic sensibility was perfectly tuned. Of course, there were many of my AARP cards that brought people into the screening, but there were also a lot of 20-somethings and 30-somethings, and everyone seemed to have understood it and given up on occasional belly laughs and laughter, laughter and similar. In many cases, bullets made people laugh so loud that you lost the next line. <br /> <br /> From a thematic point of view, Woody was dragging familiar terrain. As I suspected from the trailer, this film contained a lot of Manhattan Murder Mystery, but then again, there was more than a pinch of Oedipus Wrecks (New York Stories), Alice, and even a small tribute to Broadway Danny Rose to own at the beginning. <br /> <br /> Even with Woody in the film, Scarlett, like Sondra, was sometimes Woody's proxy, but her character was far from the Nebbish which, for example, Will Ferrell gave us in Melinda and Melinda or Kenneth Branaugh tried in Celebrity. Instead of ticks and archetypal quirks, Sondra's nerdishness comes directly from the story of the family it shares soon. On numerous occasions the "family affair" leads to malapropisms that we receive as an audience, while the characters on the screen can only perceive them as strange non-sequences. Since we're all on the joke, we can't help but laugh. But the laughter does not come from recognizing the Woody nebbish, but really from the character. Largely, unlike Farrell, Branaugh, Cusack or even Mia Farrow before her, Scarlett is not required to use Woody's voice to evoke the role of Woody. So, we don't find ourselves torn away from the narration while Woody's voice suddenly emerges from someone else's face. <br /> <br /> As my friend commented at the exit, Sid, the character played by Woody, is a secondary role, but more central than I hoped to enter. However, this time Woody seems to have written a character that really fits his current character. Unlike his Ed Dobel Sage character in Anything Else, or his blind Hollywood Ending director, this time the character has a comfortable fit. Perhaps most importantly, this time the character works in history. Inside the high circles are inside, he is even more fished out of Scarlett's water, which is used to a great comic effect everywhere. Sid is an itinerant and declining wizard who plays a small audience, but the fact that he belongs to another era is at the center of our enjoyment. <br /> <br /> But Jackman? What about Ian (Swearengen) McShane? I liked both of them to the extent that they are used in the piece. I particularly liked McShane's short but effective shifts. Jackman is charming with the ease of "Old Money" that has been so often represented in films from 50 years ago. (The classy echoes of Purple Rose in Cairo?) <br /> <br /> So what did I think? Short answer, perhaps his best comedy directed by Bullets Over Broadway in 1994. Less stylized than Mighty Aphrodite. Less caustic than Deconstructing Harry. Less forced than Small Time Crook or Hollywood Ending. Woody has finally found a comic voice that works in the 21st century.
