Coming soon after Match Point (2005), a beautiful piece of "Serious Woody", even if a bit self-repetitive, Scoop gives new hope to the small but very hard band of followers of Allen (among which I include) that the master has once again found its shape. A series of disappointing efforts, culminating in the sad Melinda and Melinda (2004) and the embarrassing Anything Else (2003) raised serious doubts as to whether another first-rate Woody comedy, with or without his participation as an actor , were in the cards. Fortunately, the cards turn out to be a Tarot deck that serves as Scoop's clever Maguffin and offers an optimistic reading for the future of Woody Allen's comedy. <br /> <br /> Even more encouraging, the self-taught Woody - unfortunately one of the weakest elements of his films in recent years - is here a little inspired by self-esteem and also a humble recognition in the end that he is more able to play romantic roles with women young enough to be his daughters or grandchildren. In Scoop, Allen cunningly mentions the role of Sid Waterman, an old wizard with cheap tricks and tired stage stasis who, just like Woody himself, brought his act to London, where the audience - if not more receptive - is at least more polite. Like Chaplin's ordeal in Limelight (1952), Sid Waterman offers Allen the opportunity to wear the slightly distorted mask of an artist whose art has diminished and whose audience is no longer large or thankful. Furthermore, as they seem to be character, Allen's ticks and prolonged stuttering are less distracting here than they have been for some time. <br /> <br /> The character of Waterman works very well in the plot. His fake magic box to melt the body becomes the ironically plausible place for the visits of Joe Strombel (Ian McShane), a notorious notorious muckraker and recent victim of cardiac arrest. Presented on a ferry from River Styx to Hades, Strombel repeatedly jumps ship because he cannot rest in eternity without communicating a last "scoop" on the identity of the infamous "tarot assassin". Unfortunately, his return from death brings him to Waterman's magic show and the only channel for his starring role turns out to be a journalism student, Sondra Pransky (Scarlett Johansson), who was called back by the public like crazy comic for the magician's magic trick. Sondra eagerly captures the journalistic opportunity and draws reluctant Waterman into the investigation to play the role of her millionaire father. As demonstrated in Lost in Translation, Johansson has a talent for comedy, and the querulous game between her and Allen is a lot of fun - and even more for never having threatened to become a prelude to romance. <br /> <br /> Scoop's serial killer plot, involving gruesome murders of prostitutes and a suspected aristocratic leader, Peter Lyman (Hugh Jackman), is undoubtedly the predictable result of Allen's long sabbatical exposure to the ubiquitous symbols and London landmarks of Jack the Ripper. Other facets of Scoop (like Match Point) also derive from Woody's recent encounter with English culture. Its class structure, good manners, idiom, clothing, architecture and, yes, the peculiar driving habits give Woody a new fresh material for the ironic observation of human behavior and a clear social satire . When, for example, Sondra is trying to ingratiate himself with Peter Lyman in a luxurious private club, Waterman observes "from his point of view we are scum." A good dose of humor is also generated by the counter-time of rigidly reserved British ways that meet the insistence of Waterman's Jewish plebeianism. And then, of course, there is the exhilarating output of Waterman in a Smart Car that doesn't remember driving on the left side of the road. <br /> <br /> As usual, Allen's humor in the Scoop includes large doses of jokes, taking the form of clever allusions to film and literary sources and, increasingly, references to his own filmography. In addition to the pervasive references of Jack the Ripper, for example, the soundtrack of the film is dominated by an arrangement of "The Hall of the Mountain King" by Grieg, physically booed by Hans Beckert in M, the first masterpiece of the serial killer genre. The post-funerary gathering of journalists discussing Joe Strombel's newly started exploit clearly mimics the Broadway opening Danny Rose (1984). References to Deconstructing Harry (1997) include the use of Death as a character (along with his peculiar voice and costume), the use of Mandelbaum as a character's name, and the mention of Adair University (Harry's "alma mater" and where Sondra is now a student). Furthermore, the systematic use of Greek mythology in the Hades river underground cruise recalls the use of Greek deities and a chorus in Mighty Aphrodite (1995). <br /> <br /> As for the quotable gags, Allen's scripts are based less on one -liner than they did at the beginning of his career, but Scoop provides at least a couple of memorable ones. To a question about his religion, Waterman replies: "I was born in Jewish persuasion, but later I converted to narcissism". And Sondra takes away this discontent of Waterman's illustrious revealing criminal: "If we put our heads together, you'll hear a dull sound." All in all, Scoop is by far the most satisfying comedy of Woody Allen in a decade.
