Greetings still from the darkness. Remember all that happened to Woody Allen? jokes? Even Mr. Allen joked with fans who wanted him to continue making his own "funny" movies. As with any great artist, his art has evolved over the years and lost some fans, gathering others. Last year's "Matchpoint" masterpiece showed that it is still as relevant and moving as in the days of "Annie Hall" and "Manhattan". What is most striking for fans over 40 is that Mr. New York himself seems to have a crush on the motherland. Apparently he really likes England !! During the filming of "Matchpoint", Mr. Allen became in love with Scarlett Johansson and his true spirit of life and his sense of humor. This attraction motivated him to write his best comedy in years. Rossella, while risking overexposure, must have the merit not only of choosing the films that project her in a fascinating light. He is not afraid to look and behave like a real person. In "Scoop", he shows some constant screen comedies and, in many scenes, offers the real line to Mr. Allen's straight men. Obviously, whenever Mr. Allen decides to stand in front of the camera, he will get more of his part of a single movie and social commentary - which is fine, because few do it better. <br /> <br /> The support work of Ian McShane and Hugh Jackman is very nice. Indeed, Mr. Jackman offers some glimpses of why many of us considered him the best choice to replace Brosnan as the new Bond. Like most of Allen's films, the star is the script, not the actors. Although Scarlett offers superbly here and is a nice contrast to the polished Allen and Jackman, what makes this crackle is dialogue ... especially the lines between Allen and Scarlett. If you're not a big fan of Woody, don't worry. It limits the time on the screen and is quite effective, except in two or three short scenes that seem almost out of place. Another Woodman tradition is a sparkling musical background and "Scoop" is no exception ... especially the composition of Strauss. <br /> <br /> "Scoop" is a nice cross between "Annie Hall" and the best of the Marx Brothers movies or Cary Grant's comedies. Yes, it's a comedy for adults, but it's actually very pretty ... especially for a serial killer and a comedy of talking ghosts !!
