I was lucky enough to have a free pass for an early screening of "Scoop" last night. Sold out in the theater and when the film ended there was spontaneous applause. I didn't talk to anyone who didn't like "Scoop", although two teenagers sitting next to me sighed and shook uncomfortably for most of the movie. They were the exception, though, because everyone else, including myself, had a great time. <br /> <br /> "Scoop" is a mysterious fast-paced murder. A young journalism student is involuntarily manipulated by forces that are beyond her control in an attempt to capture a serial killer in the wild. A lot of hunts emerge while he joins an illusionist on the road and falls in love with a lively and charming young nobleman. <br /> <br /> "Scoop" is not a bad addition to Woody Allen's filmography. It's not his best job, but it's a very fun and light fun. I'd say it fits comfortably enough to be a medium Woody Allen movie, right in the middle of the package. If you are a fan of Woody Allen you will probably have fun. If you are indifferent to your job, then "Scoop" may be enough to interest you to see more. I don't think anyone who doesn't like his way of making movies and acting will change his mind. Woody plays the same kind of neurotic character we are used to, even if confined dangerously close to the forced one and over the top in this film. Although potentially aggravating for some who may wish to hurry up and just spit out words, Woody Allen fans know what to expect. <br /> <br /> Excellent performance in my opinion, even though I found myself missing Ian McShane which is excellent and not in the room almost. Hugh Jackman is as big as the charming nobleman and I think Woody Allen has found a new regular star to work with Scarlett Johansson. I think that with 'Match Point' this is their second pair and she is simply magical with the material that Woody gives her. It could be the beginning of a good relationship! I'm glad I saw the movie and highly recommend it. More sophisticated comedy than movies like "Scary Movie 4", so if your comedy brand is the second rather than the first, "Scoop" probably isn't for you. If, on the other hand, you like a touch of class, sophistication and fun, "Scoop" is for you. Probably not the Woody Allen film I would present to a newcomer, but everyone else should try it.
