"Scoop" is also the name of a novel by Evelyn Waugh of the late thirties, and Woody Allen's new film, although set today, has a nostalgic charm and simplicity. It doesn't have the depth of characterization, intense performance, suspense or shocking frisson ending of Allen's "Match Point" penultimate effort (supported by many, including this reviewer, to be a strong return to form) but "Scoop" looks a lot like Allen's latest release in his attention to British aristocrats, London apartments, murder and discovery. This time Woody leaves the mysterious genre of the murderer and returns to comedy, and returned to the screen as a lovable Vaudevillian, a magician called Sid Waterman, stage moniker The Great Splendini, which contrasts with some snobs' polls, "I used being of Jewish persuasion, but with age, I converted to narcissism ". Following a revelation in the midst of the dematerializing standard of Splendini, with Scarlett Johansson (in the role of Sondra Pransky) the volunteer public, the couple in disagreement find themselves involved in a dead post-mortem attempt by the English journalist to mark a last news. On the edge of the Styx Joe Strombel (Ian McShane) has just met the shadow of a secretary to the son of Lord Lyman, who claims to have been poisoned, and told him that the charming aristocratic border son Peter Lyman (Hugh Jackman) he was the Tarot killer, a London serial killer. Sondra and Sid immediately become a pair of amateur investigators. With Sid's exaggerated humor and Sondra's stormy beauty they made a quick appearance at the cream of the London aristocracy. <br /> <br /> Woody is not pawing his young heroine muse - as in "Match Point", again Johansson - as in the past. This time also, Scarlett is not an ambitious sex and aspiring movie star. It turned surprisingly into a klutzy, bespectacled but still pretty. Sid and Sondra have no flirtation, which is a great relief. They simply team up, more or less politely, to fulfill Strombel's wishes by making friends with Lyman and observing him to find clues to his guilt. With only minimal protests, Sid agrees to look like Sondra's father. Sondra, who fascinated Peter by pretending to drown in his nightclub, renamed himself Jade Spence. Mr. Spence, that is Woody, continues to break the cover by doing card tricks, but amuses the hosts with these and beats their husbands in poker, spitting out jokes without stopping and while maintaining, apparently with success, which is in oil and precious metals, just like "Jade" told him to say. <br /> <br /> It is all there is to do, or all that can be said without ruining the story by revealing its result. At the beginning, Allen's decision to make Johansson a naive, naively leveled, poorly dressed student doesn't just seem rude, but a bad all-round decision. But Johansson, who lost his panic as an actress, miraculously succeeds in bringing it forward, aided by Jackman, an actor who knows how to make any actress look desirable if he so wishes. The film actually creates a sense of relationship, to compensate for the limited range of characters: Sid and Sondra shoot in a friendly way, and Peter and Sondra have a believable attraction even if it is artificial and contaminated (after all, is going to bed with a suspected homicidal maniac. <br /> <br /> What a little buzz is that once again he's drooling Allen for the wealth and class English, things that his Brooklyn background seems to have left him, despite all his celebrity, with an irresistible desire for. Jackman is an impressive, charming and charming guy. His parents were English, but could this star of the athletic musical comedy grew up in Australia ("X-Man's" Wolverine) really pass off as an aristocrat? maybe (here and in "Kate and Leopold"). <br /> <br /> It is not a strong movie like "Match Point", but to say that it is a loser as some viewers have quite wrong. It has no more depth than a radiophonic drama or half an hour or a TV show, but Woody's lines are much more fun and original than those you will get in these media affairs, and sometimes show a return to old intelligence and intelligence. It doesn't matter if a movie is silly or foolish when you are enjoying summer entertainment. On a hot day you don't want a heavy meal. All this deliciously evokes an era in which cinematographic comedies were actually light entertainment, without rough jokes or bizarre effects; without Vince Vaughan or Owen Wilson. Critics are eager to tell you that this is a return to Allen's decline that preceded "Match Point". Don't believe them. He doesn't try too much. Why should it? He may be 70, but in words, he is still light on his feet. And his body also moves quite quickly.
