I didn't really watch this show as often as a child, but the first episode I remember seeing was the episode where Kimmy Gibbler pierced Stephanie's ears. when I started high school in 2000. I had problems throughout high school and would rather not go deeper. but I always looked at the rescued from the bell, but that show really reminded me of the problems I had faced at school and rarely showed the parents of children. saved from the bell is ok, but it's not a good family show. a few days after graduating from high school in 2004. I turned TV into the family channel and day after day I had a full house addiction. I could also press the information button and see the year it came out and I would like to remember what I was doing at that time. the episode was about to begin and was titled "birthday blues" and to this day it is the most favorite episode, it is sad, with a happy ending, and you see Kimmy Gibbler in a way in which she does not act in other episodes, actually shows its serious side. I have the seasons 1,2,3,4,5 and 6 on DVD and I wait for 7 and 8. I wanted somehow a documentary and some comments from the cast members. I don't know why some people hate this show because they don't see the garbage and violence on this show. and for those who hate this show, I pray for you because you may have grown up in a dysfunctional family where there was no love. but the full house in my opinion is a family that lives in paradise where everyone is happy and good things always happen. and the characters are so fantastic. Danny Tanner reminds me of my mother and my grandmother. Joey is good-natured and always in a good mood. when I was a child I was just like Jesse and he is the first actor on TV as a boy obsessed with hair. somehow you can actually say that DJ is a Californian girl. I really like the episodes with Kimmy Gibbler because it always makes me smile and lights up my day when I look at it. and Stephanie is so strong. I too have difficulty distinguishing the Olsen twins. I want my kids to watch it someday. but full house is my first favorite show and Sabrina, the teenage witch, is my favorite # 2. one day, sooner or later I'll die, I'd really like to meet the full house cast in person. the first 3 seasons are pretty boring, but they start to improve in the fourth season. I just wished they could have done a ninth season. they stopped doing the full house in 1995 and in the fall of 1996 Sabrina left the teenage witch (which is a similar family show) but full house is a very loving show and they have their good times and bad times, and yes , I understand, if you are a wild and unkempt type, you are going to hate this show, but this is a show for happiness and it is also a moral spectacle. I would also like to say that the first 3 seasons are good shows for children, but around the 4th and 5th season DJs and Stephanie become teenagers. I also noticed, not only with the full house but many shows, they never talk about the problems of the world and politics, like when the full house was broadcast during the Gulf War in 1991 and during the Oklahoma City bombing in 1995, they never talk about it. even Steve was my favorite DJ boy, those with Viper and Nelson weren't very interesting. but season 5 and 6 I think are the best. I only wanted to do a ninth season because, he left me a big question mark in my head, because in the last last minute episode, dj gets a surprise and goes to the dance with his ex boyfriend, I always wondered if they would come back together. and I liked it as in recent seasons, the DJ was always the responisible and stephanie always wanted to do something bold, as in the episode "the wild run of stephanie"
