Thank you Jymn Magon, for creating the 2 best Disney cartoons ever. This show has improved a lot over the years. As a child, I didn't like it because I thought it was a Ducktales scam, which was my favorite Disney thing at the time (like the Grandmoffromero). Then later it was nice but not great. But after reading the reviews, I decided to give him another chance and bought the DVD set and watched the whole pilot the first day I got it, and I was pleasantly surprised. It's still my favorite episode, even though the series was up to par. And at the end of disc 1, I knew it would be a top tenner. <br /> <br /> The characters are so complex and fascinating. My favorite must be Wildcat. It's absolutely fun and sweet to do. My next favorite is Baloo, the best driver on the show. I can understand why Jymn built the show around him. So it's Kit Cloudkicker. He and Baloo have the best relationship in the series. After that, Louie. Jim Cummings did a perfect job to play the original voice. After him, Rebecca. It made me laugh enough, and I think she and Baloo will eventually get married. And finally (for the heroes), Molly. Even if she is the least loved, I still like her. I think he's a very nice character (much better than Ducktales' Webby). And the bad guys were very original. Don Karnage and his pirates of the air always make me break up, Kahn is cold and ruthless, and the Thembrians are always at least funny. <br /> <br /> As said before, the stories range from the hilarious (Time Waits For No Bear, Romance of Red Chimp) to say the least moving (The Old Man & the Seaduck, Paradise Lost), to fun adventures, fun and exciting (In search of the Ancient Scemani and my favorite For those with the Tinkerbell). These are just some of my favorite episodes. However, Talespin is the best of Disney, apart from Gummi Bears. Some reasons for this? GB had a good amount of my favorite character (Cubbi), while TS didn't have enough of Wildcat. But in the end Talespin remains a classic. BOTTOM LINE- 10/10 6th best cartoon ever.
