If you are viewing this show for the first time, you may begin to wonder if you are in an alternate reality. Colorful and imaginative characters? Funny dialogue? Plots that seem to have a certain depth for them, also creating atmospheres of suspense and drama at times? I mean, this is a children's union show right? This is the same venue that brought kids like Drek as "Pokemon", "Pepper Ann", "Mighty Morphin Power Rangers" and "VR Troopers" (note that three of the above mentioned titles are Japanese export cropped, courtesy of Fox Network and Saban Entertainment). Don't worry, you're just sampling some of the quality rates available for children during the late 1980s and early 1990s. Some examples of this period would be "Transformers", "Garfield and Friends", "Captain Power" and "C.O.P.S." (a cartoon not to be confused with the live action show on Fox). In addition to these first examples, Disney also returned to programs in syndication for children, presenting a lineup entitled "The Disney Afternoon". Apart from a stupid show called "The Gummi Bears", the first shows like "Darkwing Duck", "Duck Tales" and "Chip" N Dale's Rescue Rangers "gave credit to the Disney animation teams that were also making theatrical classics like" La Little Mermaid "," The Beauty and the Beast "," The Rescuers Down Below "and" The Great Mouse Detective ". But above all these wonders shines" TaleSpin ". The premiere of" Plunder and Lightning "lasted two hours and won a Emmy: To my great joy, the rest of the episodes lived up to the promise of the premiere. <br /> <br /> While I like plots and dialogue, I think the biggest attraction for me is the characters. 'is Rebecca Cunningham, an independent but still fallible female; Kit Cloudkicker, full of pre-teen anxiety and optimism; Louie, with her loyalty and support; Frank Wildcat, the funniest engineer from Scotty on the original " Star Trek "; Molly Cunningham, pretty and witty, but with a certain depth that most children do not have, and of course in the middle of everything, there is Baloo, which I will describe as a sweet version of James Bond. This is because whenever there are problems, Baloo saves the day with the help of his most elegant and fastest Sea Duck (read: Aston Martin of James Bond). Obviously every great show must have great villains, and TaleSpin does not disappoint here either. From the megalomania of businesstiger Shere Kahn, to the vain and always failed pirate of the air Don Karnage, to the hilarious and inept Soviet thembrians. The animation is good, the appropriate music and the episodes are (for me) the best that children's programming has ever had to offer. Great fun for the whole family!
