This film makes a statement about Joseph Smith, what he represented and what the LDS church believes. With all the current media coverage of a certain runaway people confused the LDS church with the FLDS church and the fugitive criminal Warren Jeffs. Jeffs is not associated with the LDS church, but international media groups have asked for comments on Jeffs from the LDS church. Jeffs is not mentioned in the film at all, but I think it is ironic that this film with all its views of Joseph also refers to the few of the FLDS church and their current leader in the media world. This is a film about Joseph Smith and an extraordinary one about this. Some of the most obvious differences between Jeff and Joseph are portrayed in humanity, in the acceptance and love of Joseph. The opinions and opinions of Jeffs differ greatly from Joseph Smith and the LDS Church and are seen in this film. Jeffs thinks of the "Negro" as devils. Joseph Smith knew that they were sons of god and abandoned his wife's favorite horse to an African American (former slave) to buy his son's freedom. Joseph is shown doing housework for his wife Emma and is criticized by a member until Joseph tells him that a man can lose his wife in later life if he chooses not to be with her husband and that doing chores is one way to help and love your wife. Jeffs brought one of his polygamist wives to his knees in front of a class full of students grabbing his braid and twisting her painfully until he got to his knees. Finally Joseph participated with the police and sought help from the government at all times. Jeffs shows his nose to the government and always runs away. <br /> <br /> I loved this movie and if you don't know much about Joseph Smith and what the LDS church believes, then this is the movie to see. And if you had confused the LDS Church with the FLDS church, then you really need to practice. We are not very different from anyone who believes in Jesus Christ, in the Holiness of marriage and the family, as well as being patriotic for our country and our country. We too are all different, just as you can find different Protestants, Presbyterians, Methodists, Baptists and Catholics. What is important is our message and what we represent. This film tries to portray this, but there is so much of Joseph's life that he can't be dealt with in a 2-hour movie. This was a truly exceptional show.
