This often violent and violent western in the Peckinpah / Leone tradition is surprisingly directed by Andrew V. McLaglen, whose previous westerns (particularly those played by John Wayne) were mainly in John Ford mode. It's surprisingly traditional (good guys / bads) and incredibly up to date. <br /> <br /> Heston plays a former Arizona territorial police captain who was retired for a year, having handed over the reins of law enforcement to a reformist sheriff (Michael Parks) and found his ways to enforce the law that would have been taken over by cars, telegraphs, telephones and railways in the early twentieth century. But he soon finds himself facing a threat from his past - a half-breed outlaw (Coburn) who put away more than a decade earlier for a train robbery that killed four guards. In a subsequent shooting, Coburn's wife was killed; and so Coburn is out for a more unpleasant revenge. It involves the kidnapping and, finally, the rape of Heston's daughter (Hershey) on his part and of his gang. The result is a tense and violent search across the mountains and deserts of southern Arizona. <br /> <br /> THE LAST HARD MEN, based on the Brian Garfield novel "Gun Down", is violent in many places, including the clash between Heston and Coburn, and the rape scene involving Hershey and two members of the Coburn's band (Quade, Paull) is probably just as questionable as similar scenes in HUNTING DOG and DELIVERY. But this does not detract too much from the film's psychological approach to the Western genre. McLaglen is able to handle the bloody story with considerable panic, and Heston's performance as an old man is probably the best he has ever given in one of his 70s movies. Coburn is particularly heavy in cold blood, and both Parks and Chris Mitchum (like Hershey's husband) do equally well. Here the music is encrypted by Jerry Goldsmith's scores at 100 RIFLES and the 1966 STAGECOACH remake, but it still works here. <br /> <br /> Wisely filmed entirely in Arizona, in the southeast, and using the Old Tucson set, THE LAST HARD MEN must soon be distributed by Fox on VHS and / or DVD. It's a western that deserves nothing less.
