Somewhere near the bottom of the scale of the movie studio you can find companies like UFOs, Troma and below them the Seduction cinema. <br /> <br /> Seduction is a direct video production company specializing in erotic-themed, not hardcore films. He developed a very dedicated fan base that buys every new title as they are released, but unfortunately the company has become too closely associated with the Misty Mundae star. I say sadly because the recent main interest and its appearance on the Masters of Horrors show have led her to put her sights a little higher than the efforts of the S.C zero budget that forces the company to find a new identity. But back to their glory days they released this film in a very grateful world. <br /> <br /> The beautiful Misty Mundae is forced to attend a boarding school at the request of an absent father. At school she meets her absurdly hot roommate played by Ruby Larocca who has had drawings on her, but the director (Barbara Joyce) has other plans. In the typical S.C style the film stops every ten minutes for an extended sex scene, but unlike most of their efforts, this one has a pretty interesting story and a couple of good performances. It seems that Mrs. Larocca is enjoying herself very well with the sexual predator that sees Misty as a tasty meal and Darian Caine welcomes (albeit brief) the appearance of Satan. This is the kind of movie that Jess Franco would release in the 70s (although this one doesn't have the hardcore sex that Franco was always willing to launch for sales abroad) and fans of that crazy job would be wise to give this To me, a long time fan of zero-budget cinema (and a Troma worshiper), I came across the films of the Seduction cinema through their parody films (Playmate of the apes, Who want to be a erotic billionaire) but actually prefer their most original works. Or you see the low budget and the sometimes weak acting or hang yourself to these things and you only hate all these films. For me the most obvious thing that unites these non-budget films is a real sense of fun. These low-budget companies are able to create their own unique style that gives the viewer something very different from the bland, the numbers, the studio's efforts to load multiplexes. <br /> <br /> If you've never seen a movie seduction film or this or Sin Sisters (with both Mundae sisters) are excellent choices to begin with. This is a funny and fast movie (even if the frequent external shots of the school get a little old) and the DVD is full of extras, including a ton of previews of other company offers, a big backstage featurette and some deleted scenes which include an alternative opening. I advise you to pass the bonus feature of the disc, the director's first film, since it is rather weak and not worth seeing.
