I was lucky to see it without any exaggerated advertising. I was surprised by the resilience of the ghost image in my mind the next day, and the next day. I've seen it 3-4 times, and every time I appreciate it even more. The settings are beautiful, the city at sunset has beautiful light effects, long swamps and the house itself is sufficiently grown with moss. The main hero is so nice and of good nature, which is easily understood. To the person who complained that there was not enough "spark" in this film, I'd say it's because the whole fight against the ghost is only fought by this person. It's a pretty slow movie, with an unusual amount of time spent, pre and post phantom attack, on the development of his character with family and working life. Discussion SPOILERS / <br /> <br /> I particularly liked the turning point when he returns to the main city and meets the man who helps him and explains that he saw the ghost. He describes the woman in black, and then at the end of the conversation he says he is coming back, because after all, what has he done to him? The other man says, "you can't go back ... alone!" and lends his dog to the hero. The cute little dog offers a little pause for comic relief, with his passing through the house and even in the locked room. <br /> <br /> The many random appearances of the ghost really scared me. The woman appears halfway to the church, showing that she is not afraid of the church, and is also not timid or tied to the house. This is all at the beginning. Another incredibly memorable scene was with the children outside the church enclosure, watching the funeral. As the camera moves to the right, the woman is seen in the background among the tombstones. The older man won't even look at him, but the children are all screaming and provoking him. Crreeepy ... Ghosts are usually hidden in shadows, haunting specific places or people. As has been said, the ghost's malevolence and anger are appalling, and I feel they are attacks and the ending is perfect and fully justified. The finale emphasized the fact that the hero made a serious mistake when he returned home. Or maybe it was marked, no matter what, saving the gypsy. The guy who plays the innkeeper is so believable and really fills the role. I spread the word to my friends about how much I liked this movie, and it is reassuring to see others feel the same way. I can see how people don't see the same masterpiece, especially if they came in with a lot of review enthusiasm. <br /> <br /> I think another person summed it up when they said that this film solved the problem by asking whether Ghosts could physically harm the man. Whew .. I'm going to see him again tonight followed by The Changeling, aaww yes. Any other films to recommend? <br /> <br /> Thanks,
