New York, 1953. On a hot night, four famous iconic figures will unite. The professor (Albert Einstein) came to New York to give a speech, which he, the senator (Joesph MacCarthy) on his shoulders. Later that night, he receives a surprise visitor; a famous actress (Marilyn Monroe). Who really wants to discuss the theories of relativity. Soon the baseball player (Joe DiMaggio) shows up in the hotel room, begging to work things out for their rundown relationship. Childhood flashbacks, important events, perceived consequences of their actions insinuate themselves to show how these individuals face despair and a hidden fear waiting to burst. <br /> <br /> Now this is one of a kind! Adapted from a theatrical performance by Terry Johnson (who would also write the script of the film), "Insignificance" is a strange, bizarre, seductive and decidedly curious fictional pop-culture game in the hands of director Nicolas Roeg. This inspired and cerebral experimental effort could be rooted in its origins as a stage game, because it feels theatrical and most of the action occurs in a hotel setting and in a main suite. The cramp look has only improved the moody and smoky atmosphere of New York with great effect. However, these limitations cannot contain the fruitful and daring ideas that Roeg manages to randomly unleash visually and through significant material. The way in which he reflects on the characters (who are suggestively famous characters, without needing to name them), the philosophical journeys and the interpretations of their ideas is stimulating in a spiritual sense, with the memories that fall in the present and the visions that show their fears of accomplishments, which depending on what you are seeing are beautiful or obsessively implemented. There is plenty of food for thought and suggestions in the screenplay, which is probably innovative (if sometimes embarrassing), with the main focus on the current situation, but the flashbacks give us the personal trick (sex, power, lighting and glory) of what makes them who they are and how much effort there can already be in those demanding lives. Of course, the story may not lead to anything in the end, and may seem disjointed, but the dreamy atmosphere and intelligent disposition take those folds apart and makes it never become dizzying. Peter Hannan's sensuously fluid photography and the hesitant and oozing blues soundtrack by Stanley Myers perfectly fit Roeg's stylistically subdued and established style of directing. It makes it seem like you work with something big and big, but otherwise it's not, and a small little universe is created. The period costumes and vintage locations are all quite appropriate. What made the film for me was to be the impressive acting that boasted of the four protagonists. The opulent and irresistible charm of Theresa Russell's sexy pin-up actress is a growing portrait that certainly accompanied the film along with a truly excellent and captivating performance by Michael Emil as a professor. Tony Curtis portrays him wonderfully as a witch-hunting senator and Gary Busey is adequately skilled in a stoically gravelly way like the baseball player. Will Sampson and Patrick Kilpatrick present themselves in secondary but fun supporting roles. <br /> <br /> A piece of memorable, fresh and tour de force metaphysics, linked together by four different extremes. Some may find him pretentiously alien and too chatty, but this has enveloped me in his unique little world to worry too much about his shortcomings.
