MY NAME IS JULIA ROSS is a fascinating 1945 thriller by Joseph H. Lewis, probably one of the most refined directors of Hollywood noir films. This 65-minute gothic strangeness of Columbia Pictures came after Lewis's long apprenticeship as a western, East Side Kids comedies, horror melodramas (including the incredibly bizarre Bela Lugosi shock THE INVISIBLE GHOST) and standard studio B (SECRETS OF A CO-ED, BOMBE OVER THE BIRMA, THE FALCON IN SAN FRANCISCO, etc.). This set the stage quite well for what was to come from Mr. Lewis, enormously talented and inventive. MY NAME IS JULIA ROSS (as well as SO DARK THE NIGHT of the following year) presented a director who mastered rare and delicate art by telling a dark and investigating story quickly and efficiently on the most modest budgets. Later, Lewis' productions such as GUN CRAZY (1949) and THE BIG COMBO (1955), despite the extensive scope of their narrative structure, continued to rely on skilful photographic work and effective low-key lighting. And very modest resources. <br /> <br /> MY NAME IS JULIA ROSS probably owes much more to the tradition of the British mysteries (it is set in a study-related England) than to the conventional attitudes and textures of the film noir. A young woman (Nina Foch) agrees to take a position in the home of an elderly woman (Dame Mae Witty). Two days after her arrival she wakes up from a deep sleep in a completely strange house and, mysteriously, with a new identity - that of the old daughter-in-law. Having said that she was the victim of a nervous breakdown, she struggles to grasp the apparent and apparently hopeless nature of her situation. But in a short time he begins to put together the strange and disturbing truth behind this dark mystery, that his "husband" (the ever-threatening George Macready) has probably murdered his real wife and been tricked into participating in a heartbreaking and sinister plan. Much of what distinguishes this otherwise modest tale is the indelible touches that Lewis brings to production, marking it as the first of his truly serious efforts as a director.
