I've always been a great admirer of Nicolas Roeg and "Walkabout" is one of my favorite movies. This is a film version of the Roegs theater game and while most of the film takes place in a hotel room, it still has some of Roegs' film flares. A very special story is about a famous actress (Theresa Russell) who after a hard night working on a film in 1954 goes to a hotel to visit a famous professor (Michael Emil) and together they talk in his hotel room. After a while she would like to sleep with him but, as they start to undress, her husband is knocking on the door. Her husband is a famous former baseball player (Gary Busey) and wants to know what's going on. All three in the hotel room talk about what's going on and what the future holds for them. Meanwhile, a famous senator (Tony Curtis) is threatening to take away the professors' documents if he fails to witness a hearing. Theresa Russell is simply excellent and, even if she is not exactly trying to imitate Marilyn Monroe, she does a great job of exuding phobias and nuances for which Monroe is well known. One thing the film does is show it not only as a woman on the verge of a nervous breakdown, but also to show it as a physical disaster. He talks about not being able to have children and at one point in the film suffers a miscarriage. You can make a good demonstration that this is Russell's best performance and I probably wouldn't. The film does an interesting thing in showing many flashbacks as the characters keep talking about something and in flashback we see one of the many reasons for their actions. Busey also offers good solid performance and reminds me that a strong character emanates on the screen. Emil as a professor is a character who has many more things in his mind, so we initially thought. The last scene of this film is a demonstration of its dark side! One of the highlights of the film for me is the little conversation he has with the elevator man (Will Sampson of "Cuckoo's Nest") and discuss what the Cherokee Indians think at all times. But of course the famous scene in this film is where Russell shows Emil how he understands the theory of relativity and uses toys to prove it. The professor is enthusiastic about his demonstration and so are we! Russell and Roeg are married in real life and do an admirable job when they are in partnership and this is probably their best film together. Good performance and a very interesting work of directing make this film stimulating and visually stimulating.
