I originally saw this film as a boy at the old Rialto Theater as part of a triple bill on Saturday afternoon which also included "Last Man on Earth" by Vincent Price and "Nightmare Castle" by Mario Bava. I had nightmares about bloodthirsty ghosts for a week later! Even if I didn't know it, all three films would prove to be classics of the genre. No wonder you were so scared! Although all three films scared me, it was Castle of Blood that had the most profound impact. <br /> <br /> He was the first to be won. I haven't even been able to see it since we were late to go to the cinema and I lost the first 20 minutes of the movie. This is a lot to lose as the modified print only worked for about 79 minutes (unpublished work lasts 87 minutes). But despite this, the dark and disturbing atmosphere (with ruined castles, fog enveloped in cemeteries, shadows and cobwebs), Gothic scenery, strong acting and suspense (especially the last 20 minutes) scared me and made an impression on me lasting It took me years to finally get a copy of the film for my collection. Since it was a Franco-Italian import, it was not a film that appeared on the late Winnipeg show. I couldn't remember the title well (remember that I didn't see the beginning of the film and I was afraid of being skeptical), and to make things worse, the film was released under a dozen different film titles (aka Danze Macabre, Coffin of terror, Castle of terror, Long night of terror, etc ...) and the working title of USA / UK "Castle of Blood" was very generic, similar to dozens of other horror and suspense films "b", making it illusory . But thanks to the Internet and perseverance, I finally found it! How wonderful to finally see the film in its entirety after so many years! It may not have had the pure emotional impact it had when I was a boy, but like the haunted movies, it goes well and compares favorably with iconic films of the period like "The Haunting", "The Innocents" "or" Black Sunday " , the film is an excellent effort by the Italian director Antonio Margheriti, the protagonist of the icon of the 1960s queen Barbara Steele and presents a well-written script by Sergio Corbucci on a skeptical writer (Georges Riviere) who, betting, spends the night in a haunted house and becoming oblivious to part of an ongoing annual ghostly story, the hypnotic Steele is well interpreted as the spectral love interest - like Arturo Dominici as Dr. Carmus, and Margarete Robsahm as Julia. <br /> Many of the tricks that Margheriti uses to create the disturbing atmosphere of the film (spider webs, creaking doors, fog, etc.) are destined to look like clichés for a modern audience, but they work much more more effective in black and white than they can ever do in modern colors. Rather than using body counting and special effects, the film creates old-fashioned fears, based on a good story, an elegant direction, a beautiful production of scripts, an interesting photographic work and performance performances. Margheriti does a marvelous job taking these elements and constructing the suspense of the film while the horrible paranormal secret of the house gradually reveals itself to the unwitting writer. <br /> <br /> The film is not without its flaws. The pace drags on at the beginning of the film (ironically, the 20 minutes I missed initially). This is probably compounded by the effort of the Synapse films to bring the film back to its original length. Although fans will probably appreciate the chance to see the restored film - in terms of introduction - it may have been more of an obstacle than a help. The dubbing in English is simply passable and, in the restored scenes, the language passes from English to French (English subtitles are provided), which will certainly annoy some viewers. <br /> <br /> However, Synapse Films deserves my compliments for the quality of the print. Clearly an effort has been put into its restoration and deservedly. <br /> <br /> I enjoyed the film immensely and would highly recommend it to the aficionados of Goth's 60 Italian films, or anyone who enjoys having a good ghost story. <br /> <br /> Rob Rheubottom Winnipeg, MB Canada
