If you are a fan of gothic horror, then you are absolutely sure that you LOVE this wonderful 60's "Castle of Blood" Italian film. We are really talking about doors that creak terribly, disturbing portraits that seem to move, candles that die spontaneously, even if there is no wind and smoke coming from heavy wooden doors in the rooms. Speaking in terms of atmosphere and style, this masterly piece of gothic film is one of the best around; only a small league under benchmarks like "Black Sunday", "The Three Faces of Fear" and "Curse of the Crying Woman". The prestigious duo of directors Sergio Corbucci ("Il grande silenzio", "Django") and Antonio Margheriti ("Cannibal Apocalypse", "Killer Fish") have been successful in all areas, including a powerful plot (which really induces the nightmare), ultra-sinister scenarios and setting for shooting, elegant black and white photography, thrilling music and a brilliant collection of talented artists. Barbara Steele, actress of the aforementioned "Black Sunday" and Italian goth-muse number one, brilliantly shines again as a spiritually tormented character and is literally surrounded by excellent co-stars. One of them, Silvano Tranquilli, also gives a fairly credential representation of the author Edgar Allan Poe. The story involves him and another wealthy visitor to a country tavern that challenges a brutal young journalist to accept a morbid bet. If he ?? Alan Foster ?? survive to spend a night in the infamous Blackwood Castle, receive the amazing $ 10 reward and an interview with Poe. Needless to say, the ordeal is far more dangerous than it seems, even for someone like Alan Foster who is an unbeliever in ghosts and vampires. The night starts great for him, since he even meets the extraordinarily beautiful woman of his dreams, but little by little he learns that Blackwood Castle is a hellish place where the ghosts of the formerly deceased visitors are trapped for eternity. I don't know about you, but this is one of my favorite horror movies of all time. Co-director Antonio Margheriti was clearly proud of this film, because he reworked it a couple of years later as "Web of the Spider". That film had a handful of triumphs, such as the casting of no less than Klaus Kinski in the role of Edgar Allan Poe, but in general this original is far superior. "Castle of Blood" literally exudes atmosphere and maintains a completely disturbing environment. This is really one of the rare films that can raise hair on the arms and neck with fear if you look at it in the right circumstances. Watch it late at night, preferably alone and in a candlelit room, and you'll get an idea of ​​the true definition of horror.
