Italy has produced a lot of really great and original horror films in the 60s - and this is certainly one of them! The first thing you'll notice about Danse Macabre is the style of the film. Shot in a beautiful black and white and thanks to the use of lighting by director Antonio Margheriti; the film looks almost like a German expressionist horror film. This, along with the horror plot plot, ensures that Danse Macabre is a film that truly captures the essence of horror. Of course, the fact that the beautiful Barbara Steele appears in the film does no harm to things - and the good news continues because, in this film, she manages to flex her acting muscles more than she did in the movies that made her famous. The plot is well aware of the moment it was published and thus incorporates the great Edgar Allen Poe. We follow Alan Foster, a writer who accepts a bet from Poe himself and Lord Blackwood who cannot spend an entire night in the old castle thrilling to the latter. Everyone who spent the night there before died ... and our hero is about to meet the previous bettors! <br /> <br /> Nowadays, horror films don't tend to focus so much on every shot and the result is that there isn't much beauty left in the genre. It is refreshing, therefore, to see this film. Many of the shots here are incredibly beautiful - from the female side of the couple wearing only a transparent skirt, to my favorite - a burst of smoke that creeps up from under a door. This is my first film by Antonio Margheriti, and even after seeing only this; it is obvious that he was one of the first Italian directors. Also interesting is the fact that the script was co-written by another of the great Italians; Django creator Sergio Corbucci. Sometimes the plot can flutter too much, but there is always enough atmosphere to make sure the film never gets boring - and the fact that it's always intriguing, even when the plot slows down, ensures the same thing. The way Danse Macabre uses the theme of the "haunted house" is both well done and original and helps keep the story as disturbing as possible. Overall, fans of Italian cinema and / or cult will not want to miss this little gem!
