It is not the job of every film to stimulate you superficially. I will take an ambitious failure for a massive market success every day. Although this cannot be described as a failure, the sum of its parts remains ambiguous. That indecipherable quality teases me to look at it again and again. This is a provocative and provocative film that does not perfectly envelop things. The problem with the film is in its structure. Its impenetrable texture seems to be over, just as a second end is turned up. Although everything is technically dazzling, the film is exactly too long from that unit. The climax of Leo's awakening is delayed by about 20 minutes. <br /> <br /> Great cinematography often comes at the expense of a decent script, but here the innovative camera technique offers a wide range of visual ideas. The compositing artifice is provocative and engaging; A character is rear-projected but his hand in the foreground is not. The represented world is deliberate, treacherous and absurd. Keep your eyes peeled for a memorable and technically stunning assassination that will blow your mind. <br /> <br /> The compositions are stunning. Those who have chosen to publish the videotape (out of print) in the pan and scan format must never have seen it. Where is the DVD? <br /> <br /> It is inscrutable how anyone can give this originality a negative review. You should see it at least once. You have the feeling that von Trier has been bitten more than he could chew, but this film ends up being richer. I suspect he is familiar with Hitchcock's Foreign Correspondent, in which even the devious Europeans manipulate an American dupe and several Welles films that take the delirious joy in technique as much as he does. All of von Trier's films explore the difficult situation of the naive in the midst of societies that do not forgive. After Zentropa, von Trier moved away from this kind of bold technical experiment towards a sad, overvalued and non-nuanced sap such as Breaking the Waves and Dancer in the Dark.
