"Danza Macabra" by Antonio Margheriti aka. "Castle Of Blood" of 1964 is a beautiful and incredibly haunting masterpiece of Italian gothic horror, and after "La maschera del demonio" by Mario Bava (aka "Black Sunday") of 1960 and "Pit And The Pendulum" by Roger Corman 1961 (played by the great Vincent Price), another must-see that gave the wonderful Barbara Steele its most deserved reputation as the most important female horror icon in the history of cinema. But it is not only the beautiful and brilliant Barbara Steele one of my favorite actresses of all time, the script of "Danza Macabra" was co-written by anyone except by the cinematographic genius Sergio Corbucci, who directed some brilliant milestones of the Spaghetti like "Django" (1966) and "The Great Silence" (1968). The number 2 in Italy (immediately after Mario Bava), the director Antonio Margheriti is one of the masters of all times of Gothic Horror, and "Castle of Blood" is undoubtedly his greatest success. Hardly any other film works so brilliantly in creating an incredibly disturbing but beautiful atmosphere as in the case of this creepy masterpiece. <br /> <br /> When he meets the famous writer of brilliant macabre stories, Edgar Allen Poe, in a dark London tavern, the young journalist Alan Foster (Georges Rivière) accepts a bet from a nobleman, who can't spend the night in his haunted castle on the night of all souls. As soon as Foster enters the mysterious castle, mysterious things start to happen. After a while, however, he meets a charming inhabitant of the castle, the beautiful beauty of Elisabeth Blackwood (Barbara Steele). The mysterious events so far, however, have only been omens of the terrors of the castle bears, however ... <br /> <br /> The disturbing setting of the castle would have been enough to create a grim atmosphere, the excellent white and black the cinematography and the soundtrack of Riz Ortolani create an incredibly disturbing atmosphere that is lugubrious without comparison. The wonderful Barbara Steele is fantastic as always, I simply can't find enough words to praise this wonderful actress. No other actress has ever been able to combine fascinating beauty with the uncanny as is the case with Steele, and no actress will ever do it. In addition to Steele, the cast of the film contains another extraordinary beauty, Margarete Robsahm, and also offers a great performance. George Rivière's performance as Alan Foster is excellent, and the rest of the performances are also very good. "Castle of Blood" is exceptional in many departments: Barbara Steele offers one of her best interpretations, the cinematography and the locations are wonderfully unrepentant, the atmosphere is incredibly disturbing ... The film is simply a perfect set of atmosphere, gothic beauty and the art of terror. In short: "Castle of Blood" is one of the most evocative and greatest gothic horror films ever made, and it should not be missed by anyone interested in the genre! 10/10
