Today, the actresses fatten up happily, dye their hair, dress as dull and lose their charm for a role, and Bette Davis was probably the actress who started the trend. Even as a young woman who occasionally wore designer clothes and makeup like Constance Bennett in the movies, Davis was willing to devastate herself to create a character both outside and inside. <br /> <br /> the determination is amply demonstrated here in his debut film, "Of Human Bondage", in which he stars with Leslie Howard as Philip Carey. Davis plays Mildred, a slutty, manipulative, greedy life for Howard's masochist Philip. He meets her for the first time when she is a waitress and she allows him to take her to dinner and to the theater while having fun with a richer man (Alan Hale Senior). In fact, Mildred is rejected by the foot of Philip's club. For his part, Philip seems to enjoy the abuse of his flirtation and his coolness towards him. She allows Mildred to bleed him out financially among the boyfriends who leave her when they get tired of her, while blowing up a couple of really lovely women (Kay Johnson and Frances Dee). When he receives the impulse to throw her out, Mildred destroys his apartment and robs him, forcing him to withdraw from medical school and lose his lodging. <br /> <br /> "Of Human Bondage" looks rather stilted today in some parts. Although Leslie Howard was a wonderful and attractive actor, her acting style is of a more formal old school and, as a result, she tends to go out with whatever she is. It shines in material like his role with Davis in "It's Love I'm After" or "The Petrified Forest" that requires his kind of technique. His dated acting is even more obvious here because Davis was forging new ground with a gritty and sharp performance that would really make his name. If she sometimes seems exaggerated, she comes from the stage and the subtleties of the cinematographic acting will emerge later for her. Contrast this performance with the moderation, warmth and kindness of his Henriette in "All This, and Heaven Too" or the pathos that led to "Dark Victory". She was a real actress and a true artist. Davis really allows himself to look like a holy hell; Mildred's deterioration is absolutely pathetic as Philip seems to gain strength as his spirit fades. <br /> <br /> An excellent film in which to see the budding of one of the greatest movie stars.
