This adaptation of the 1934 Somerset Maugham novel put Bette Davis on the map as a film actress. He may have won an Oscar for his performance, but the films were loaned, so his studio didn't push him. His acting in this film does not fit well with today's standards. Like the heartless waitress who startles Philip, a sensitive medical student, around and almost ruining his life, Davis is too shrill, almost demonic. The director John Cromwell, who usually elicited good interpretations from his actresses, was perhaps overwhelmed by this. Davis is surely watchable, but so strident and predatory that he seems little human. I imagine the quieter, less feminine character of Millie than Davis, with perhaps a touch of tomboy. Davis is such a strong and immediate presence that there is no mystery for her, which makes Philip's attraction to her seem more overtly masochistic than it should be. <br /> <br /> Like Philip, Leslie Howard is excellent. Its pale, slightly withered appearance is perfect for this failed aesthetic. Nor does it require a personal interpretation by, as it were, said Dirk Bogarde, who gives his work a rare clarity. It seems to have full control here, as it should be, to interpret a man with a rational intellect who is prey to irrational emotions that he cannot manage or even fully satisfy, since the object of his affection moves him in ways he cannot understand. . Howard was a good actor, too often chosen in standard romantic parts that forced him to resort to charm, which he doesn't use here. <br /> <br /> It's been so long since I read the book I didn't feel comfortable commenting on the film's loyalty to it. I think it captures the spirit of the story quite well, and has a perfect Philip in Philip Carey. Subterranean sexual currents are attenuated, and sometimes Philip behaves in such a masochistic way that, in the absence of strong sexual feelings, one is surprised by the character's sanity, certainly not by Mr. Maugham's intention. Thanks to Howard's performance, Philip remains firmly in focus, as one can see in his various reactions and aspirations to Millie the extremes to which a reasonable intellect will understand the irrational, in himself and in others. <br /> <br /> Overall, a very beautiful film, sometimes a little stylized, due to its age, pleasantly evokes London, and is well played for the most part.
