Reading the websites on Bette Davis one can find cases in which the authors claim that there is nothing special in his acting. I also found a site that claimed that Bette Davis's success was probably due to her luck. But Mrs. Davis's 1934 films say the opposite. The most obvious example are two films that made only a few weeks: fog on Frisco and On Human Bondage. The characters he played in these films, although both are negative, are quite different. Arlene in the first is a beautiful, charming and frivolous heiress and a much nicer character than Mildred in the latter, who is a pale, ignorant and impudent Cockney waitress. Needless to say, Ms. Davis played both characters very authentically and with the same enthusiasm. But that's not all. The point is that the previous role, which would be desired by most actresses of the day, was the one that was forced to play. This last role, which seemed to be the most unpleasant and destructive part of the actress's career, was that for which he had fought fiercely for months. And it was this last role that launched it among the biggest stars. So there is no doubt that Mrs. Davis knew from the beginning what she was doing. <br /> <br /> The film, which tells of a medical student Phillip Carey (Leslie Howard) who falls in love unhappily with the maid Cockney Mildred Rogers (Bette Davis), has some points in the week, but many others stronger. The story is simply too big to be told in just 83 minutes. For example, the reason why a refined student has somehow found an interest in an impudent waitress is not clear enough. Well, there is a scene in which we are exposed to the captivating eyes of Ms Davis, but this is when her emotions are already completely evolved. However, the integrity of the plot is preserved by the superior acting of Howard and Davis and the fantastic music of Steiner that tells tons of emotions even when we don't see the faces of the characters. In fact the film is amalgamated by Phillip's itinerant sequences that show him from the back integrated by a trembling two-tone repetition. Every detail is well thought out - Max Steiner wrote a beautiful leitmotif for every woman in Phillip's life, which is constantly used in the film. And a beautiful scene in which we see Sally's face in front of the calendar is one of the sweetest scenes I've ever seen, precisely because of the breathtaking beauty of Francis Dee (Dee was considered too beautiful to play the lead role in Gone with a wind) as well as the captivating music of Steiner. Even the camera movements between some scenes are original and refreshing. <br /> <br /> But my strongest objection is that the events are presented in a too two-dimensional way, which leads the viewer to say that Mildred is a real bitch. The most disgusting characters should be the men who attract her into a relationship, although they know that they will abandon her after using her, but, curiously, they ended up portraits as nice characters. After all, Mildred always - in his own specific but still honest way - lets Phillip know that she despises him and has no interest in him. Which refuses to listen. It is Phillips's masochistic nature connected to his equine foot and childhood experiences which is the main reason for his love problem. He's as much a slave to his club foot as Mildred's and maybe he should be free of both to start a normal life. Of course, Mildred, selfish and shameless, after discovering Phillip's voluntary bondage, did her part to make her life hell. Even taking into account the fact that she exploded after realizing that slavery had loosened, it is not clear why she would burn Phillip's money (Maugham meant differently in her novel). After all, he could also steal it and drink gallons of champagne. <br /> <br /> By modern standards the film is a little outdated, but every time you look at it, you can reveal new interesting details due to something higher acting, fascinating music and original editing, so it deserves the highest score possible.
