The story is quite pungent, with the sudden reversals of fortune of the main character, but Leslie Howard and the interpretations of Philip Carey of Bette Davis, the naive obsessed lover and Mildred Rogers, the unworthy object of her affections, raise this film considerably above the standard melodrama. <br /> <br /> Sensitive, well-read Philip, who for the most part of the picture is first enslaved by his infatuation and then his compassion for Mildred is not unlike a character Howard would have played a few years later - Ashley Wilkes, the gentleman of the South, too refined and dignified to make it in the rough era of reconstruction. Philip, in fact, seems resigned to disappointment even before Mildred enters the scene, but he doesn't even seem particularly surprised when his art teacher tells him he will never do it as a painter. It is perhaps this passivity, these reduced expectations that force him to bear Cockney's selfish waitress for as long as he has. <br /> <br /> Although Leslie Howard is memorable, today "Of Human Bondage" is primarily intended as a photo of Bette Davis, perhaps due to the well-known story of how he had to fight Jack Warner to get the part of Mildred , and perhaps also because the cinema audience tends to prefer characters with its sort of brazen energy. Mildred may have a shrill voice, but he also has the ethereal beauty of a colored glass angel, making it a little understandable why Philip let himself be chained for as long as he did. Although the man who eats Mildred can sometimes seem one-dimensional, from time to time he evokes sympathy for the viewer as when he falls ill and belatedly realizes that Philip is the only honest man who ever cared for them. You might even think she's into something when she accuses Philip of looking down on her for not being "enough" enough. (The scene where Philip and Norah reject romantic magazines as garbage for maids seems to confirm). <br /> <br /> Most of the supporting characters are also effective, in particular Norah, the sensible novelist who loves Philip but who knows can never compete with Mildred and Sally who has the beauty of Mildred and the decency of Norah and emerges as the worthy woman with whom Philip is eventually rewarded. The only character I found hollow was the eccentric and eccentric father of Sally, the aristocratic father who looks like a character from a previous era. <br /> <br /> A classic that deserves its reputation.
