The electrifying performance of Bette Davis is such that it is difficult to remember the other players. They were perfect in their parts as Davis was in his - they didn't have much to do. Some reviewers thought the book was much better - it was just to give the movie that is due, to condense a 600-page book up to 83 minutes is no small feat. The first part of the book did not even arrive on the screen - tells the childhood of Phillip, then moved to Germany and Paris, where Phillip had gone to try to be good as an artist. He also tells his first love story - with Fanny Price, who kills himself when he realizes that Phillip can't return his feelings of love. It's a wonderful but rambling book and I think anyone who doesn't think too much about the film should read the book and realize how beautiful the film is. <br /> <br /> After realizing that he will always be only a mediocre painter, Phillip Carey (Leslie Howard) returns to England hoping to undertake medicine. When he comes out in a tea room he meets a surly waitress, Mildred (Bette Davis). Although she has no interest in him and basically treats him as filth, Philip is obsessed. It is so difficult to observe his efforts in trying to find some civilization in this shrewd shrew. In one scene he promises to meet him in a waiting room of the second class, when they almost lose each other, he scolds him with "why should I wait in a second class waiting room when there is a first class available". You just want to shake it. The only time he is happy with him is when she tells him he will marry another man, a gross sales man, Emile Miller (Alan Hale). With Mildred off the stage, he meets Nora (Kay Johnson), a lovely woman who writes romantic novels under a male pseudonym. He jokes about the popularity that books enjoy among servants (in the novel he had seen Mildred read them). Nora gives Phillip all the love and trust he needs but is unable to return his love. When Mildred comes back (Miller didn't marry her and she's having a baby), obviously she takes care of her and helps her with the baby (in the film he is treated as an object - always called "baby", never given a name or a genre) - she pays for it by running away with her best friend. <br /> <br /> At the hospital he meets Sally Athelny (Frances Dee) who is visiting his sick father. He begins to visit his home and for the first time in his life has a sense of family. So surprise! surprise! Mildred returns as a bad penny and surprise! Philip welcomes her. But he has changed and only feels disgust when he tries to show gratitude in the only way he knows how. Then follows one of the most vicious verbal confrontations on the film with phrases like "you fall, dirty pig", "I kissed you just because you implored me" and "when you went I wiped my mouth, I dried my mouth" !! ! In the book a lot of phrases from Mildred such as "you are a gentleman in every sense of the word", "I don't mind", and "Mr. High and Mighty" have been associated with prostitutes and when Phillip meets her for the first time it is hit by that. <br /> <br /> The end of the film shows Phillip (being really free from Mildred in the only possible way) now free to love Sally. Again in the book Sally tells Phillip that he thinks he has a son, but this makes him more confident about his love. That ending, like Mildred's "disease", could not be in the film - even a pre-code. <br /> <br /> Kay Johnson has always been called upon to play sensible and credible women - who played to perfection while she was obviously sensitive to herself. His Nora was the woman Philip was supposed to stay with. Frances Dee was one of the finest entries on the screen. She had obviously been prepared for the celebrity with some roles that showed that it wasn't just a pretty face ("The Silver Cord" and "Blood Money") but when she married Joel McCrea her career started to run out. His Sally didn't push his talent to the limit. Apparently Leslie Howard was not very helpful to Bette Davis on set - he was annoyed that an English actress was not given the part. He threw his lines at her "while reading a book in front of the camera". He became interested when a newspaper reported "the child was running away with the picture" !!! <br /> <br /> Highly recommended.
