This film is about sexual obsession. Bette Davis plays Mildred. This is a woman that men are attracted to. Not because she's a pretty girl, but because she's a sexual entity. Now the film doesn't come out and says it but it's obvious. There is a scene in the movie where men all look too much at her. She works as a waitress in a bar, doesn't know how to read and is really nobody to look at but she is a coquette. It is obvious that male customers in that café are there because of him. One day Philip a club failed to get a medical student painter to come into the store to say a good word to his friend, but it becomes affection the moment he sees it. He starts to buy his things even for his apartment. Meanwhile she sees other people and she has no secrets. He dreams of her as an angel, but he is not an angel. He constantly thinks of her. His grades in medical schools are even unsuccessful. So what does the nookie do? He wants to marry her but she refuses him because he's about to marry another boy. She always lets Phil know that she doesn't really have feelings of love for him all the time. His heart is broken but he meets another woman. They look good but it is obvious that he is still dreaming about the Baby. Mildred returns with a child and is unwanted. Phillip takes it back, but she starts hanging out with a friend of his, the light bulb turns on a little and he chases it. She does what she knows works so she tries to seduce him, well, it doesn't work and she keeps burning her money. Oh, we have a club foot that has problems, even if a street teenager who has the same problem tells him to rejoice. She meets another girl named Sally, who has a montage in March showing her aging as he holds her still waiting for Mildred. Well, he doesn't have school lessons, he can't find work. Sally and his father finally bring him inside. Not before another montage of the March of Time that made him go downhill. Soon his uncle who raised him dies and gets the money to become a doctor. In the meantime he finds out that Mildred needs him again. You have tuberculosis. meanwhile he continues to lead Sally along the Primrose marriage path and runs into a steamer. Finally the child dies and Phillip declares that he is free now and that he will marry Sally. I wish she had told him to do it. Now I know that my interpretation of the characters will not lead me to points. But I feel that Phillip was the villain. Yes, Mildred is an asshole, but he knows it, and keeps coming back. Meanwhile he has two other girls who love him but treats them as appetizers. I guess sex wasn't that good. But in any case, he raises those women who were waiting for Mildred. Not only that, but the man who gets pregnant Mildred is already married and when Philip asks him what he intends to do about Baby (apparently the baby's name) he laughs, has no intention of supporting her and Baby and he's rich. Sally's father, who has 9 children, says pretty bad things about women, but is said to be an old traditionalist. Philip does not seem to deny his feelings. Men use Mildred as a Toy Boy, but the men in this film come out unscathed. Yes, she was not a respectable woman, but far from a villain. For me it's Philip who had the real problem and it was his sexual obsession with Mildred.
