I really like Leslie Howard, in his best films. And yet, for some reason, his performance in OF HUMAN BONDAGE never touched me tremendously. I first saw the film on my university campus in 1972 and the college newspaper reviewer commented that in the 1930s and 1940s Howard played the roles that would later be interpreted by Dirk Bogard as the man that he was born to be betrayed. This is usually not the case (from afar I think of Ashley Wilkes as a man who could be betrayed, if he and Scarlett O'Hara were made to be an object of Margaret Mitchell - but Ashley loved Melonie, not Rossella). Howard could play any type, and a role like RJ Mitchell or Professor Henry Higgins is not one who is betrayed. * <br /> <br /> (* It can be said that Philip Armstrong Scott is betrayed by the two strangers who show hospitality to the 49th PARALLEL, but they are Nazis who consider him - a liberal, Western, Canadian game - to double in time It is not the same as emotional betrayal, and Howard does not crowd in as a result, but confronts the Nazis and captures one after having beaten him. <br /> <br /> I think what he meant was that Howard could be full of feeling - or try to be a soul. Witness his poet - dreamer - tramp in the PETRIFIED FORREST But that character was not betrayed, except perhaps from history (since he believes his type has expired as the gangster played from Humphrey Bogart). Even the character of Philip Carey in Somerset Maugham OF OF HUMAN BONDAGE is full of feeling. He is sensitive for several reasons. He has an interest in art and tries to become a painter - but unlike the artist Strickl and in THE MOON AND SIXPENCE has no real talent. So he decides to focus on medical studies, accentuated by a condition of club foot that he has. Here is a man with low self-esteem who is set to be betrayed. <br /> <br /> Philip finds that betrayal in the form of a maid of Mildred at Cockney (Bette Davis) who is mercenary and selfish as they come. Because Philip falls in love with her is not really addressed in the film, but finds the woman fascinating. And she finds him an easy meal ticket. Ironically, being so fascinated by this bitch, Philip fails to notice two other women who are interested in him (Kay Johnson and Frances Dee), and are better suited to be his partner. He also continues to find himself forgiving Davis when he has relationships with other men (Alan Hale and Reginald Denny - the latter a friend of Howard). <br /> <br /> Although the performance of Howard captures the tendency of Philip's doormat towards Mildred, in reality it does not show enough passion (until late in the movie, when he turns it on). This is why I find that I have never dealt with his performance here - it lacks any reality. His subsequent tortured insistence on GONE WITH THE WIND that he loves Olivia De Haviland, not Vivian Leigh, is more consistent with a man in love. But Davis's performance as Mildred makes the film important. He had a great variety of parts until 1934, like the deaf pianist's girlfriend in THE MAN WHO PLAYED DIO or the spoiled heiress who is killed in FOG OVER FRISCO or the mouse-like secretary in THREE ON A GAME. Like Mildred, he eventually proved that he could be an important actress playing a selfish whore. <br /> <br /> Curiously his performance was not all a note. While he uses and abuses Howard for two-thirds of the film, culminating in that famous scene in which he shows his disgusted kiss on her done, his latest scenes show that she too could fall apart due to her deteriorating health, and of his inability to maintain any honest job. When Howard rejects her, viewers fail to notice how equally evil he is (he asks her what happened to her baby - she tells him that the baby is dead and Howard abruptly says he is happy, which is certainly not the answer wait up). Eventually Howard finally gets his life back in order, but Mildred ends up a victim (ironically his death is discovered by his old boyfriend Denny in a phone call). The Motion Picture Academy of Arts and Sciences failed to name Davis in 1934 (leading to the largest writing campaign in its history, and a permanent change in its rules), but Davis became a star. In a year he won the Oscar as Joyce Heth in DANGEROUS. And in two years he played again with Howard (as equal stars) in THE PETRIFIED FORREST.
