It is worthwhile experimenting with all the film shots of Bette Davis. Before Davis played with Leslie Howard in "Of Human Bondage", he had participated in a series of films. Legend has it that Davis was "robbed" of a 1935 Oscar for his portrayal of cockney-speaking waitress, unsuspecting mother and manipulative user of boyfriend, Mildred Rogers. The story goes that the AFI consoled Davis by awarding his first Oscar to play Joyce Heath in "Dangerous". I imagine that Davis fans of "Of Human Bondage" who agree with the Oscar legend will derive from the contrast of my criticism of the 1934 film for which the AFI did not assign his performance and the 1936 film "Dangerous". for which he received his first Oscar in 1937. I tried to see all the Bette Davis films, TV interviews, videos, World War II advertisements and TV series in popular series. In hindsight, it's easy to see why this film, "Of Human Bondage", gave Davis the opportunity to be nominated for his performance. He was only 25 when the film was completed and was about to reach the Hollywood red carpet. The public began to notice Bette Davis as a star because of her performance in "Of Human Bondage". This is what makes his performance legendary. But RKO saw his greatness in "The Man Who Played God", and borrowed it from Warners to play Rogers. <br /> <br /> I intend to go with AFI, in hindsight, about 41 years after their clever decision to award Davis her first Oscar for best actress for "Dangerous", 2 years later. In doing so, the AFI may have been instrumental in bringing out the best in one of Hollywood's most talented 20th-century actors. Because, from "Of Human Bondage", onwards, Davis knew for sure that he had to reach the depths of himself to find the performances that earned her the golden statue. Undoubtedly, he deserved more than 2 Oscars; maybe up to 6. <br /> <br /> "Dangerous" provides an exemplary contrast in the characterization of Davis's acting. Because it is in "Dangerous" (1936) that he becomes the greatest actor of the 20th century. Davis is as good as Joyce Heath, she died on the red carpet. While in "Of Human Bondage", Davis is right out of bounds, still on the sidewalk and ready to take off for the rest of his 60-year acting career. <br /> <br /> Perhaps not assigning that legendary Oscar in 1935, instead of a born star, an actor was encouraged to reach beyond the stardom in his soul for the greatest job of the gifted actor. <br /> <br /> It is known that his contemporary opponent was Joan Crawford; a star whose performance is still not up to Davis'. Anna Nicole Smith was also a "star". Even Howard Stern is a radio host "star". A lot of people on stage and the silver screen are stars. Few have become great actors. The fundamental difference between them is something that Bette Davis could perceive: the difference between the desire to do an acting or to become a star. <br /> <br /> Try to compare these two films as I did, looking one after the other. Perhaps you will recognize what the AFI and I have done. Davis was on the verge of becoming one of the greatest actors of the 20th century at age 25 and achieved his goal when he was 27 years old. He spent his 50 years and more, setting the level so high that he was not reached. . . However. If the AFI had sent her the message that had arrived in "Of Human Bondage", the story of Davis's life as a great actor could have been instead dragged into a star.
