Bette Davis's cockney accent in this film is absolutely terrifying. I fully understand that Americans and other nationalities may not realize it and it's okay; but believe me, it's about the good half of Dick Van Dyke's cockney accent in Mary Poppins, and that was a fair load of old pony (slipped into the London vernacular there - a lot of excuses). <br /> <br /> The extraordinary thing for me is that the strange accents and exaggerated acting styles do not detract from the power of films. Of Human Bondage is a fascinating film, despite its superficial flaws. It must also be seen in perspective. The technical and cultural limits of film production must be appreciated and, given the limitations, John Cromwell does an excellent job directing the camera and allowing the narrative to develop cinematically rather than exclusively through the way of acting and the biting dialogue. A fine example of his skillful direction is the Victoria Station scenography. It is beautifully designed, filmed and assembled. Note also the clear strokes of the prostrate Mildred towards the end of the film; they owe more to the early days of artistic creation than to the hygienic and formidable world of the studio that was about to dominate. <br /> <br /> The film's themes are universally familiar and compelling: sexual obsession, unrequited love, despised passion, self-loathing, manipulative relationships, social divisions and youthful madness. Although the dialogue is often rather trivial, the difficult task of portraying these themes and the inner lives of the characters is well addressed, albeit in a discreet way. Some scenes of obsession and emotional rejection are uncomfortable to look at but the story does not fall into the cliché; we are aware that the characters (even the poisonous ones of Mildred) are both victims and perpetrators, and that their actions are motivated by their mutual misunderstanding and intentional selfishness. While the naive style of history reaches the complex heart of the human condition and the mannered nature of acting and occasionally grateful exchanges do not diminish the veracity of the work. <br /> <br /> Of Human Bondage was one of the films that Bette Davis noticed in Hollywood and while watching it you are aware of being witness to the birth of a famous career. Its unconventional beauty and its charisma on the screen (no one has flung or scorned like Mrs. Davis) attract your attention since its first appearance. While his is definitely the film's memorable performance, Leslie Howard is also excellent as the fragile and sensitive student Philip Carey. They are a good combination though, because oh, why didn't he help her with that terrible, terrible accent!?
