After 21 films and three years of work in Hollywood, Bette Davis finally got a role that she claimed as her own and that put her as a force to be reckoned with. Like Mildred Rogers, Davis exploded with an absolutely obnoxious role of a slutty maid who becomes the target of Leslie Howard's affections, and already eager to sink her teeth in a role like this, she had no qualms about the horrible things her character wanted to say to do throughout the course of the film and the terrible transformation it would have undergone. It was also widely noted that her performance here, one of the few things that makes the film look a little uneven, was the one to remember even after two remakes and the scenes in which she chronicled the cinema with Howard. <Br /> <br /> At about 85 minutes, the story moves at a good pace, telling the story of Philip Carey (Howard) as his life crosses over and over again that of the destructive Mildred Rogers. <br /> <br /> The chemistry of Howard and Davis is almost non-existent - Davis claimed in an interview much later in his life that she personally didn't care much for Howard's jealousy of him and he did helped to behave even worse (in the character) towards him as Mildred. However, the two seem embarrassed to each other; their scenes together remain rigid, recovered only by the fierce acidity that Davis brings to his jokes and his own nervous presence. Then again, Cromwell's direction has a certain boldness about itself that sometimes fails to come - it tries to fill a little space (whenever Davis isn't there) with fades and montages that indicate the passing of time (a calendar superimposed on a changeable Frances Dee). All very much in the style of that time. This happened before technicalities and complicated camera angles were created, and in essence, the visual story is a simplified and essential translation of Somerset Maugham's novel - which says a lot, because at 600 pages, "Of Human Bondage" would have been really hard to film even then. <br /> <br /> Storywise, it seems that Philip Carey can be something bad for punishment, since there is no perceptible sexual attraction between him and Mildred and to make it worse, Mildred never hides his sorrow from 'beginning. Howard's performance never seems to go through many external emotions - his eyes are constantly sad, his expression never strays too far from the lost one (it could almost be a distant cousin of William Hurt in "The Accidental Tourist" - downed, hurt, and absolutely passive), but this is probably a part of his character and the reason he can't see that other women (played by Kay Johnson and Frances Dee) are making themselves vulnerable to unrequited affections. It is interesting to note that Johnson's Norah, once she realizes that Carey will never fall for her, is the one who sums up the story with her remark that people are linked to other people - she is tied to Carey while Carey is tied Mildred and Mildred herself is linked to Miller (or men who adapt to the role of supplier). In her brief but memorable scene, it is she who holds the essence of the moral of the story.
