I thought this would be the sequel to the original "36th Chamber of Shaolin", but in reality it is more a carefree "sister" to the original. Gordon Liu is still an aspiring hero on a mission to learn kung fu to defeat those pesky Manchus ... but this time he is lighter and more comical. The film revolves around the local dyeing mill, where wages are cut due to the hiring of 10 new Manchurian bosses. Liu plays "Chao", which is able to trick the mill bosses into believing he is a shaolin monk with an almost magical kung fu ability. But his luck runs out, he is denounced as a fraud and promises the workers of the mill that he will go to the Shaolin monastery to learn kung fu and will return to protect them. <br /> <br /> The play really begins at the monastery where Chao makes many botched attempts to be accepted. This creates a lot of really fun moments, and lots of great fighting choreography. Continuing in the tradition of the "36th Chamber" we see all kinds of clean and interesting (and extremely clean) training methods of the monastery, as well as creative uses of wooden benches as weapons. <br /> <br /> Also unique and noteworthy is the fusion of kung-fu and bamboo scaffold construction. Chao is not accepted as a student at Shaolin but is forced to build bamboo scaffolding for the "10 year restoration" of the monastery. On the DVD I bought there is a special on bamboo scaffolding and the inspiration that director Lau Kar-Leung has drawn from it. This is a job of many hundreds (maybe thousands) of years, and in Hong Kong the scaffolding is still built in bamboo even on large skyscrapers, even if the West uses only steel tubes and clamps. As a result of his scaffolding work, Chao develops a special style of kung fu ... when asked what type it is, a hilarious replica "kung fu scaffolding !!" who tries for the first time during a sprinkling with the abbot of the monastery. In the final confrontation with the Manchus, there is an impressive range of creative uses for bamboo poles and ties. <br /> <br /> From a comedy perspective, I think it's one of the best in the kung fu genre. As a kung fu film in general, it also stands out ... I recommend it to anyone!
