I had seen (and recorded) this a few years ago on local TV and, having been submerged by it, I subsequently deleted the tape; however, when it was released by MGM as part of a DVD of two "Midnite Movie" feature films from Curtis Harrington / Shelley Winters movies at a very affordable price, I couldn't resist giving it a second look (it has since gone out- of-print). Actually, I received the DVD a few months ago, but only now, with Harrington's death, did I succeed; fortunately, this time I was more receptive to the film and, in fact, I consider it one of the most satisfying WHATEVER HAPPENED TO BABY JANE? (1962) imitations (with which, incidentally, he shared scriptwriter Henry Farrell). <br /> <br /> The film offers a splendid evocation of the US Depression of the 1930s - with its child-star craze and sensational murders (exploited during the false opening of the newsreel); it is done in style (compliments to the cinematography of Lucien Ballard and scenography by Eugene Lourie ') and boasts an effective soundtrack by David Raksin. Shelley Winters, Debbie Reynolds and Michael MacLiammoir offer excellent performances; the latter is particularly impressive as the dictator of the greatest diction of life and vaguely sinister (even if in the end it turns out to be a simple false lead!). Dennis Weaver and Agnes Moorehead are also present (his is just a cameo, actually, since the evangelist who plays is mostly listened to by radio). Many seemed to regret the inclusion of musical numbers by children (including an amusing Mae West imitation), but personally I was not disturbed; the film is a little late in its welcome due to an unhurried rhythm and a twisted (perhaps unnecessarily) plot. Reynolds - a musical star herself - is ideally chosen as a dance school owner and, despite their rivalry on the set, she and Winters work well together. The latter, in fact, offers a more balanced representation of paranoia and madness than WHOEVER SLEW AUNTIE ROO? (1971); the story then comes with a series of ironic twists that lead to the expected Gran Guignol epilogue. Apparently, the film was subdued (originally it contained more gore and even a hint of lesbianism!) Than producer Martin Ransohoff - against Harrington's wishes - to get a PG vote ...
