Well, here's another fantastic example of making embarrassing movies from the 70s! The rudimentary premise of "What is the problem with Helen?" it's pretty shocking and disturbing, but it's presented in such an elegant and sophisticated way! In the hands of any other film crew, this would surely become a story of unpleasant and cruel exploitation, but with director Curtis Harrington ("Whoever Slew Auntie Roo?") And screenwriter Henry Farrell ("Hush ?? Hush ?? Sweet Charlotte ") in office, it has become a wonderful and almost enchanting blend of themes and genres. The basic plot of the film is definitely horrible, but there is much more to experiment, like love stories, a swinging atmosphere of the 1930s and a lot of songs and tap-dance! The setting is unquestionably what makes this film so unique. We are literally catapulted back to the 1930s, with a sublime representation of music, religion, theatrical affairs and the wardrobe of that era. After the long and grueling trial that sentenced their children to life imprisonment for murder, Adelle (Debbie Reynolds) and Helen (Shelley Winters) flee to California and try to start a new life by running a dance school for young talents. In particular, Adelle adapts perfectly to the new environment, while falling in love with a local millionaire, but poor old Helen continues to sink into a downward spiral of madness and paranoia. He only listens to the digressions of a radio evangelist, fears being punished for the crimes committed by his son and slowly develops violent tendencies. The script, although not entirely without flaws, is well written and the film is adequately covered. There is never a boring moment in "What is the problem with Helen", even though the singing, tap-dancing and tango sequences are quite extensive and very foreign to the real storyline. But the atmosphere is constantly disturbing and the film certainly benefits from Shelley Winters' extraordinary acting performance. It's really scary as the unpredictable and introverted lady who is about to shoot every second and, especially in the last ten minutes, looks more petrifying than all the combinations of Freddy Kruegers, Jason Voorhees and Michael Myers! There are several terrifying supporting characters who are, unfortunately, a little underdeveloped and robbed of their potential, such as Michéal MacLiammóir as the arrogant elocution teacher, Agnes Moorehead as the terrifying priestess and Timothy Carey as the intrusive visitor of the women's house . There are a couple of surprisingly gruesome scenes and moments of real shock to be enjoyed by Grand Guignol fans among us, but in particular the sets and costumes (also nominated for an Oscar!) They are breathtaking.
