The most bizarre of the cinematographic subgenres is the so-called "The great ladies of the Grand Guignol": field horror films that combine over-the-top melodrama with gothic thrills and always interpreted by a seasoned and almost forgotten actress from the golden age of Hollywood in the unflattering roles of both long-suffering victims or strident harsh harpies. This genre provided them with an unusual acting showcase that allowed them to put things on the screen once again and win new generations of fans at the expense of their glamorous images of yesterday. <br /> <br /> "What is the problem with Helen" is the last straw of this subgenre with extraordinary interpretations of both Debbie Reynolds and Shelley Winters as the restless mothers of two convicted criminals who escape from their past to the sunny California in the 1930s to open a talent school to milk impatient mothers who want their daughters to be the next Shirley Temple. In California, Debbie gets happiness, clients, tango, tap and a new love interest (Dennis Weaver meanwhile Shelley makes fun of horrible flashbacks, threatening anonymous calls, threatening strangers, threatening Agnes Moorehead as a radio evangelist, funny bunnies (!) and an unfortunate encounter with an electric fan (ouch!). <br /> <br /> The scruffy script (written by Henry Farrell, the man who started all this genre with "Whatever Happened to Baby Jane" with the master director Robert Aldrich, Joan Crawford and Bette Davis) are full of holes in the plot, red ears and wasted opportunities that could have made this fantastic film: the basic themes of twisted motherhood (with the characters of Debbie and Shelley as "failed mothers" and the domineering mothers of children's stars) and the obsessive bond of women (the relationship between Debbie and Shelley and the fact that the few male characters in this film are either sinister or even the dream boat of Dennis Weaver Texan is wasted. Debbie Reynolds's musicals are interludes and dancers, though it's fun to watch too much time on the screen of what a psychological cooler should be. But anyway this movie is a lot of fun. Curtis Harrington's two stars and elegant direction easily overcome his flaws. The cinematic recreation of the 1930s is colorful and elegant (see Debbie's clothes!) Made on a very tight budget. The growing atmosphere of madness and hysteria is truly creepy with a shocking ending that will haunt you for days. And you won't easily forget the stupid song "Goody, goody" that runs through the film. And seeing Shelley Winters increasingly mad screw over Debbie Reynolds's chances of happiness is a hoot to watch! <br /> <br /> 8 out of 10.
