Settled in THE STRANGER, a small noir film that proved that Welles can do a terrific job on gender and budget, and ironically demonstrated his biggest box office success in the forties, and MACBETH, a Shakespeare adaptation with no budget turned in the old western shets in 23 days, comes THE LADY FROM SHANGAI, a dark noir film woven from the same fabric as the Wellesian myth that covers THE MAGNIFICENT AMBERSONS, MR. ARKADIN and any other film the director failed to save from the clutches of the studio bosses. <br /> <br /> Six years after THE MALTESE FALCON, with the post-war craze of the film noir in full swing, Welles, always ahead of its time, a true visionary director of enormous artistic integrity, imagined a labyrinthine world of shadows which is already darker, more sinister, paranoid and serpentine than anything his contemporaries were doing at the time. It is no wonder that the film was so misunderstood in its day, to the point that one whole hour of film remained forever in the cutting plan, and it was once again Europe that supported it as another classic of Welles. <br /> <br /> Some pieces stand out. The aquarium scene with its flickering light and threatening shadows and, of course, the Funhouse / Hall of Mirrors finale is a classic example of wellesian skill like any in CITIZEN KANE or THE TRIAL. The only flaws I have seen in the film are Welles' ill-advised Irish accent and perhaps some of the uncertain tweaks of the first act. However, history unfolds in a progressively fascinating way, which cuts only serve to intensify. I believe that the heavily cut versions of Shanghai and Ambersons achieve a surreal quality. <br /> <br /> Welles would exile himself in Europe for ten years and return in 1958 to deliver yet another classic stonewall, the monumental TOUCH OF IL MALE, perhaps the crowning jewel of the noir film that was already in its waning days at that time. Shanghai was not box office success, a stellar vehicle for the first Hollywood era star, Rita Hayworth, it should have been, and the marriage between Welles and Hayworth ended before the film was released. Sixty years later and an hour of shooting less, Shanghai is still one of the best film noir that can be discovered. Surely this must count for something.
