Despite having loved Rita Hayworth, finding the latest sequences of the intriguing film and appreciating some of the more subtle "symbolic" aspects of filmmaking, The Lady of Shanghai didn't work out enough for me. I had a problem with most of the performances, the script and the general structure. And in a movie where most people talk to each other in various situations, it's a big problem. The Lady of Shanghai ended up with a "C", or a 7, for me. <br /> <br /> The Lady of Shanghai is all about the character of Orson Welles, Michael O'Hara. O'Hara sees Elsa "Rosalie" Bannister (Rita Hayworth) in Central Park during a carriage ride and hits her. Later, he saves her from a robbery and she gives him a shine. O'Hara is an Irish sailor and the globetrotting Elsa owns a yacht with her husband, Arthur (Everett Sloane), a famous and powerful Californian defense lawyer. They talk to O'Hara about working for them, despite his initial reservations - it seems to him, and to the public, that Elsa is just looking for someone to have a relationship with, and O'Hara doesn't want to be involved. <br /> <br /> Shortly after going to work on their yacht, a strange man, George Grisby (Glenn Anders), who claims to be Arthur's partner, shows up at a stopover and starts to create problems. In the end, Grisby asks O'Hara to enter a very questionable and dangerous scheme. Foolishly, O'Hara agrees. Of course it puts him in difficulty, and in the end, some mysteries are revealed. <br /> <br /> Perhaps my problems with the film are that, so far, I'm not exactly a big fan of Orson Welles, and here, it produces, writes, directs and consumes most of the time on the screen. I haven't seen anything like most of Welles's work yet, but I tended to prefer his later films, when it became a little more campy and performative. I love F for Fake (Vérités et mensonges, 1974), for example, and I also like his performance in Casino Royale (1967), when he insisted strangely on being allowed to do magic tricks at a baccarat table, but Citizen Kane ( 1941) has never done much for me, despite having given 3 or 4 possibilities over the years (including about a year ago, my score was low 7 - the same as my current score for The Lady of Shanghai). <br /> <br /> The performance of Welles and the dialogue he wrote for himself are perceived as affected and pretentious to me. He's a bit crazy, a little boring and a bit monotonous - he tends to look like he's reading. His performance reminded me of what I saw of Welles' version of Moby Dick (listed on IMDb as 1999, but "completed" in 1971, can also be seen in Orson Welles: The One-Man Band (1995)), where he seems to be just reading to the camera and believing that it is intrinsically, sublimely dramatic. I'm also a person who almost never complains about accents, but somehow Welles manages to make his Irish accent sound sliced ​​and pretentious even for me. <br /> <br /> As for the other interpretations, I can only say that I thought Hayworth did an excellent job. Of course it's beautiful, that doesn't hurt. A lot of eye candy here. Like Welles, Sloane also seemed a little affected and pretentious - I never bought his character, his handicap and so on, and Anders is simply bizarre in which he doesn't seem bizarre to fit. Welles often shoots him in the foreground and Anders almost always has an exasperated and manic expression on his sweaty face. <br /> <br /> Structurally, the Lady of Shanghai is very irregular. The first 50 minutes or so are extremely dull and soap-operatic, although soap opera ministries tend to be approached by a tortuous oblique. Once Grisby presents his scheme, things increase a little and generally improve as we approach the end. But when The Lady of Shanghai becomes a crime / mysterious film, it's too little and too late, and quickly turns into a courtroom drama before the sudden and electrifying ending that comes almost from nothing and is too quickly for its relative excellence . <br /> <br /> The finale is more action-oriented, fewer heavy dialogues, more variegated and exotic in contexts and, at times, quite abstract. Welles skillfully manages this combination of material as a director. If The Shanghai Lady had been a combination in much of the crime / mystery and the artistic finale, it could easily have been at least 9. The final scenes are easily 10, as Welles moves from a Hitchcock suspense scene to an Chinese opera in San Francisco to another suspense scene in a Chinese amusement park. The funhouse climax uses experimental cinematography for its time. It is well integrated with the script, as it allows complex resolution and feeds a lot of symbolism. <br /> <br /> Cinematography is interesting in everything, even if it usually fails to compensate for the problems in the foreground. Welles blocks the scenes with skill. There are many interesting locations, from Central Park to Acapulco in various locations in San Francisco. Welles effectively creates symbolic backdrops for his action, from emphasized heights and the precipitous drops of Acapulco to the labyrinthine Caribbean streets, the magnificently framed and silhouetted shots of the San Francisco Aquarium, and so on. The romantic material, for which the Aquarium is the background, is interestingly tempered by a sort of discomfort throughout the film, but on the other hand, this makes the love story never completely romantic. <br /> <br /> Surely Welles fans will appreciate much more than The Lady of Shanghai, and of course it's worth watching if you love Rita Hayworth. The Lady of Shanghai is not exactly a terrible film, in my opinion, but it is dangerously close to not "passing". Proceed with caution.
