The Lady From Shanghai is also strange by the standards of its eminent director, Orson Welles, whose last Hollywood film was a moon for many others. It is a kind of postmodern noir film made during the period in which the most conventional films of this type were quite popular, and concerns a lucky Irish sailor (played by Welles) who falls into a mysterious lady (Rita Hayworth, who was married to Welles at that moment), and her crippled, and probably impotent, husband played with a malicious and malicious taste of Everett Sloan. A long journey by sea follows, with Welles in tow as a bodyguard, and the plot thickens when Sloan's (Glenn Anders) law associate introduces himself and starts to make trouble making strange speeches about suicide and other morbid arguments that suggest that man is on the verge of mental exhaustion. A plot for murder follows, followed by all sorts of calamities for Welles and his employers, and at this point the story, blurred and told at a slow pace until that moment, goes to the bottom, and the last part of the film is composed of director's sets that seem to have been cast to give the film part of the drive and urgency that its story does not possess, per se, and the result is a very understandable and often pleasant mess, at any time incomprehensible. > <br /> It's hard to know what Welles was trying to do with this film, except perhaps to revive his Hollywood career by creating a vehicle for his wife. But self-destruction intervenes, as often happens with Welles, and Miss Hayworth has never been less attractive. The fact that she is also considered a femme fatale seems peculiar, because apart from her beauty, her most attractive characteristic as a screen personality was her kindness, a quality she does not possess in this image. The director himself is strangely unattractive and a lover of O'Hara, the (presumably) accommodating sailor, since Welles, despite all his numerous gifts, was not known as an easy man to work with. This is a role that Sean Connery or Robert Shaw could have breathed twenty or thirty years later. Welles no. The most interesting performance of the film is Glenn Anders' as Grisby, Sloan's talkative and evil companion. Anders does miracles with the part, and is photographed to seem bizarre, while his scenes end up with strange and harsh notes and are often choppily modified; but for all this he succeeds in making the imbalance of Grisby palpable, and anticipates, in a noble way, the most dazzling actors of the Method of the Fifties, like Timothy Carey. <br /> <br /> There's a question that pops up about this film: what was Welles trying to say? He was a very talented and intelligent man, and tended to make statements in his films, which, regardless of whether he agreed with his view of the world or not, were brilliantly presented. I think I have an answer, or partial: Welles was summarizing his film career. He had reached the end of his rope in the system of Hollywood studies he despised, and he knew it. The Lady From Shanghai is not exactly a panacea for the studio's magnates of the day, but I suspect that it is, in its portrait of amoral, rival successful lawyers (read: producers) who express Welles' opinion on the mediators of power of Hollywood. He is saying that he presented himself as a sailor without roots. Welles himself was certainly an inveterate traveler, and rarely lived in a long place. He was hired by a studio to provide him with a large and prestigious film (Citizen Kane), which caused a storm of controversy from which he never fully recovered. This could be the problem that does not dare to pronounce his name in this film, namely the personal failure of Welles not to overcome the shock of his novelty in the film colony, and his inability to deliver the goods, as promised. The mere fact that he presented himself in Hollywood, as his only presence in the film, could not avoid disasters far beyond his control. That he presented himself in the film as an amiable and naive stranger shows Welles' lack of self-awareness. He was much more an inner player than he suggested, and I imagine he despised his knowledge of the more mundane aspects of life, and himself for having known so much.
