In New York, the sailor Michael O'Hara (Orson Welles) rescues Elsa Bannister (Rita Hayworth) from a robbery and a rape while taking a carriage ride through Central Park and lives to regret it. Titian-haired Hayworth is a platinum blonde in this; dazzling as the freshly fallen snow, but nowhere near pure ... <br /> <br /> Revealing the twisted plot of this "noir" would be criminal. It is as deceptive as the mirrors used for cataclysmic effect in the final scenes, but the film contains much more obscure secrets: From the NY Times: "Childish Shadows: The Hidden History of the Murder of the Black Dahlia" by Mary Pacios "Mary Pacios, which was 5 years when she became friends with Bette Short, fifteen, she retraced Short's steps, interviewed friends and colleagues and also offered a detailed analysis, albeit speculative, of Orson Welles, in particular regarding his film "The Lady From Shanghai ". According to Ms. Pacios, the film, along with related archival materials, has many of the same ritualistic elements associated with Short's murder and raises the question: could Welles be the murderer?" Interesting theories - and with l wave of books now in "The Black Dahlia", much more could come to light. The brutal "film noir" by Fritz Lang, "The Big Heat" (1953), was a roman-a-clef that told of the "Dahlia" that kills in "The City Of Nets" which was LA -but it is the opera Orson that the "Dahlia" had a "hands-on" connection to. In fact, it was Bugsy Siegel (and the Hollywood Mafia wars of the 1940s) who made the "Dahlia" in ... but that didn't deny much of what Pacios wrote. Almost all of Hollywood has crossed paths with Elizabeth ("The Black Dahlia") Short and her story / aura / legacy / curse is encoded in a number of Golden Age films. <br /> <br /> The "Black Dahlia" was always active on the outskirts of "Shanghai", even before shooting began. Barbara Payton on Franchot Tone: "It was when he thought of creating" The Lady From Shanghai "before he lost the option of Orson Welles." Franchot said he was in bad shape for that deal when he ran into the Dahlia in the Formosa Cafe * in front of Goldwyn's studios ... "* The floor above the Formosa Cafe was Bugsy Siegel's office and" The Dahlia "one of his" girls "again / out of work. <br /> <br /> Becomes deeper and more obscure- After the 1951 brawl on Barbara Payton between Tom Neal and Franchot Tone who sent Franchot to the hospital with a concussion and "never speak the same way again", said Barbara, he married Tone "only to despise Neal." Tom ("Detour") Neal also knew "The Dahlia" (who is not?) And became obsessed - From "LA Despair" by John Gilmore: "The January 1947 killing of the young aspiring actress Elizabeth Short, known as" The Black Dahlia ", was one of the most gruesome murders in the annals of modern crime. A project, entitled" Who Killed The Black Dahlia? " was started by actor Tom Neal, one unleashed by World War II The potential producer Gene Harris: "Someone will have to invent a more imaginative business proposal than the one that was presented by Tom Neal and his cohorts ..." Not much later on: "It would be very clear one day to come, when Tom would sneak up on his beautiful, new wife from Palm Springs while he lay on the couch and shoot him a 45-caliber bullet." Barbara Payton and Norma Jean Dougherty ( later Marilyn Monroe) knew the "Dahlia" and their stories are well known. It seems that all those who crossed the path of the "Dahlia" (like the proverbial black cat) entered a "twilight zone" "The darkness and / or had an incredible series of bad luck later. Tone / Neal / Welles it's just a few - and this includes a slaughtered movie called "The Lady From Shanghai" ... <br /> <br /> "Lady From Shanghai" took two years to be released, thanks -editing -and all because the president of Columbia Harry Cohn could not understand the story, it is surely an obscure "noir", in fact one of the most obscure.It is also a wicked satire on life in the new atomic age. <br /> <br /> Nicolas Christopher: <br /> <br /> "Shanghai" pushes forward an insistent subtext of nuclear apocalypse and contains the definitive noir statement regarding the atomic bomb and the American city. The main victim of the film's murder (and there are many) a psychotic and double-game lawyer, he provides for Armaged by hand don at every turn, claiming to be able to "hear" it. He announces that he intends to flee to a remote Pacific island, a particularly acidic joke on Welles's side, since this was the year the United States began testing the atomic bombs in such a place, the Bikini Atoll, transferring all the inhabitants and destroying the ecosystem. At Bikini's time, Hayworth's erotic identification with the bomb seems to have been institutionalized, with the blessing of military bronze; the first bomb fell in the Pacific testing ground in "Gilda" and has the image of Hayworth, in a provocative dress, painted directly on its shell ... "<br /> <br /> It is ironic that the Orson Welles' extensive interpretation of an Irishman is considered to be detrimental to the film by many: Welles gives viewers the news that "Michael O'Hara" is only the narrator - it's not part of the story even if it revolves around him. "O'Hara" contradicts the shark sharks for a food frenzy will not stop until nothing is left. "Michael O'Hara" lives to tell the story. "Elsa Bannister" causes a feeding frenzy during the trial "O'Hara "and his net hat suggests to be caged not to devour human spectators in a Roman Colosseum: the spectators are in the grip of a feeding frenzy, to gossip and to continue talking about" Elsa ", a human aquarium related to the sequence of San Francisco marine museum human wave ... except "Michael O'Hara". Yet he b Spending his life trying to forget his past ("Elsa") or die trying. "Elsa" is part of "Michael" and in the end the fairy tale eats the tail and the viewer is warned to stay out of trouble.
