After CITIZEN KANE in 1941, Hollywood executives turned their draped backs on the great Orson Welles. With the exception of KANE, Welles has lost all creative control over MAGNIFICENT AMBERSON, JOURNEY IN FEAR and many other films to come. Welles was an innovative and creative genius, the most unconventional of directors when Hollywood needed others. THE LADY FROM SHANGHAI is another example of the misunderstood vision of Welles' films at the time, a film that seems a little choppy and not fluent. It has a conventional 1940 premise told in an unconventional way, and I'm sure some scenes ended up on the floor of the editing room. Now it is the legend that Columbia magnate Harry Cohn stood up during his first screening and asked what it was. With the benefit of hindsight, many old backs who ran the studios then had no clue about the cinematographic techniques and the narration of Orson Welles and THE LADY FROM SHANGHAI are almost large for their intrusion. <br /> <br /> In addition to being without doubt the greatest director of all time, Welles was also quite an actor. At 25, we all know what he did as "Charles Foster Kane", perhaps the most famous character in the history of cinema. Here, lives a rare character of weak humor and not much intelligence, something unfamiliar to those familiar with Welles' other great work. Instead of a wise and wise language, he speaks with a rough Irish accent. Rita Hayworth (his unhappy wife at the time) plays an unhappily married wife of a lawyer who puts Welles in a spell and is able to lure him into a job that will take him to the limits of deception and disillusionment. He is a great offspring who may have even murdered a man, but the real mystery lies in the relationship between Hayworth (with his wonderful blond hair) and the crippled lure Everett Sloane (Mr. Bernstein of CITIZEN KANE). A gruesome partner of Sloane is sailing around the country to unleash a series of special events starring Michael O'Hara from Welles. Welles narrates the photo as O'Hara, but things are not yet clear. See for yourself and realize that you need at least 2 views to know exactly what happens. <br /> <br /> A strange sequence of courtrooms focuses on "O'Hara", with Sloane defending him. It is an oddly comic scene with some eccentric court methods, including Sloane himself who is being examined. I didn't really laugh here because the film stops at this point after a first part that never comes to take off anyway. Up to this point, cinematography is fantastic, some scenes are shot with skill and ability (the aquarium's love scene), but there is no distinct line that draws the elements and us, the audience. Reportedly, the court scene was resumed against Welles' requests (10 close-ups of Hayworth were ordered) and a makeshift sung song was launched at Cohn's insistence. A striking score infuriated Welles, who was once again excluded from the editing process. Thanks to Welles for saving the film entirely with a final tour-de-force that will always be appreciated. The so-called "Hall of Mirrors" scene brings the enthusiasts from time to time rightly. <br /> <br /> Must be seen to be believed and do a good job in putting together some confusing ideas presented. The crash of the mirrors represents the disillusionment of "O'Hara" and the "crazy house" is in itself a masterpiece of art and decorum. It looks more like a state of mind than a real place and is really "crazy", twisted and transformed like a painting by Dali. This is a fantastic ending for an imperfect photo that, if left alone, would probably have made AFI's Top 100. Then again, 3 or 4 other Orson Welles films may have made all the "best of" collective lists if he was left alone to create his magic. <br /> <br /> NOTE: Look for Mercury players that are so important in Welles' images. They open everywhere. RATING: 8 out of 10
