These are excerpts from a nine-page "Memo to Mr. Cohn of Mr. Welles" written after Orson had seen the modified version of Harry Cohn's studio magnate photo (he took out an hour): <br /> <br /> "... The music of the preview title was written by a first-rate composer, George Antheil, although it was not written for our photo, this temporary music has an atmosphere of darkness and threat combined with something luxuriant and romantic that made it acceptable ... The only musical idea that seems to have happened to this composer (Heinz Roemheld) is rather tired of using a popular song - the "theme" - in several possible arrangements . "Please Do not Kiss Me" for almost all bridges and also for a large amount of background material. The melody is pleasant, it can do very well on the Hit Parade - but Lady of Shanghai is not a musical comedy .. .Mr Roemheld is a passionate devotee of an old ti little score now referring to our busines s as "Disney". In other words, if someone falls, it makes a "falling" sound in the orchestra, etc., etc. Etc. If the lab had scratched the initials and phone numbers on the whole negative, I couldn't be unhappy about the results. .. Just before leaving to go abroad, I asked Vi (Viola Lawrence, the publisher) to make a cut that would have led to the abandonment of the nearby taxi-taxi accident and also a good deal of dialogue . I am convinced that this would have been an excellent cut ... saving the much needed shots in the slow opening sequence (this was not done, taking into account the main weaknesses of the film opening coil) ... There is nothing in the fact of Rita's immersions to ensure a great orchestral crescendo ... What matters is the beauty of Rita ... the evil nuances suggested by the character of Grigsby and the bewilderment of Michael. Some or all of these elements may have inspired the music. Instead, the dive is treated as if it were a culminating moment or a moment of excitement in a Silly Symphony: a fall of Pluto the Pup, or a wild jump in the space of Donald Duck ... There is no sound atmosphere on the boat. A little wind and water are missing. It makes no sense to photograph a scene on a real boat if you make it seem like everything happened in front of a process screen ... At the beginning of the picnic sequence ... in the temporary score, we used a curious, sexy Latin stock -American ... This was replaced by a "dramatic" sequel - stuff of bad material ... This kind of music destroys that quality of strangeness that is exactly what Lady from Shanghai could have saved from being just another whodunit ... There's a big musical explosion after Grigsby's phrase, "I want you to kill him." This is absurd ... The music of Hawaiian guitars coming off the radio ... had to be mushy enough to make a certain satirical point. As it stands now, it is about the same level as the rest of the scores. No one in the audience could suspect we're joking ... The aquarium scene needs more echo. "Please Do not Kiss Me" is back in play! ... A bad dubbing job and a poor score destroyed Michael's running character down the dock. From the gunshot to the phone call, a careful pattern of voices had been constructed with the expenditure of time and effort. For some reason, everything was canceled in favor of a vague clamor. As a result, the whole sequence looks boring ... The audience should feel at this point, along with Michael, that they might be going crazy. The new dubbing job can only make them feel that maybe they are going to sleep ... The battle with the mirrors that break should not be supported by the music ... The closing music still refers to "Please Do not Kiss Me" "... This ending is obvious to the point of vulgarity, and does incalculable damage to the end of the image." <br /> <br /> All these changes to Orson have been ignored
