While I was watching one of Orson Welles's last contributions to Hollywood as a director, I knew I was watching a great movie, even though I sometimes didn't know why. The story of The Lady of Shanghai has the main elements of a film noir: average Joe protagonist, femme fatale, prominent support characters and a plot plot, even if a little twisted. It's a fun run, and it's filled to the brim with Welles's unique gifts as a director, but there are scenes that tend not to work, or that don't feel complete in what was Welles' complete vision (the latter is unfortunately the too realist producer Harry Cohn and the Columbia executives are to blame for this. <br /> <br /> Welles is co-starring with his then wife, the beautiful Rita Hayworth, in the role of Mike O'Hara, an Irish worker who can and is angry with the right people Hayworth is Mrs. Bannister, married to Mr. Bannister (Everett Sloane, who played Mr. Bernstein in Citizen Kane), who is accompanied by a friend Mr. Grisby (Glenn Anders , who has great control in his eyes.) They want to go sailing on their yacht and bring O'Hara for the trip, and at first he is reluctant, but he agrees since he is waiting for his married wife. their journey takes place, O'Hara discovers that Bannis ter and Grisby are not pleasant to be around, and even more so with Grisby, who at first sight looks out of his pumpkin. However, as the plot unfolds, O'Hara is attracted by a scam that Grisby is planning for insurance money, with results that I dare not reveal (although they have been discussed over and over again by others). <br /> <br /> Whatever the responsibilities that manifest themselves here and there in the mysterious part of the story (and those few remarkable moments in which the shots were dictated by the studio), the performance and appearance of the film are that which remains surprising after more than fifty-five years. Although he does not have the magnificent Greg Tolland (the DP of Kane) at his side, Charles Lawton Jr., reliable, assists Welles in creating an atmosphere that is both elegant and bare, covered by shadows, depth of focus, low angles, works. A particular realization is the mirror scene of the fun house, which is simply a highlight among others. Welles himself is always reliable as an actor - even if his accent is nothing special - and Hayworth herself makes a scene a little more luxuriant, despite her journey through history. <br /> <br /> The lady from Shanghai deserves to be visited, especially for Welles, Hayworth, or fans of film noir (even the fans of the Coen brothers could find this fascinating). It may take some time, repeating the views (as it was for Touch of Evil), for the underlying reasons in the plot to sink into.
