Set in Japan, Ashura is the story of the demons that conquer the earth. The premise is much more complicated, but the plot of the arcade should not be forgotten. Japan is in turmoil, with demons occupying human forms that roam the lands. In general, demons seem and behave like humans, but they are evil. The Japanese word they use is not just demons, but rather the classic form of 'ogre' which is a mythological creature of a certain historical stature. We are talking about creatures that would look more like gods than simple ugly monsters who eat children. <br /> <br /> However in human form all that remains are green eyes and green teeth, which appear when placed under any kind of stress. There are demon killers to save the world from demons. Trained and qualified warriors able to identify and defeat almost all types of demons, and protect the passage between the kingdom of hell and the real world. These are the basic premises. <br /> <br /> The story begins with a festival in a local city. In the midst of these parties, 3 men enter, dressed in black, apparently intent on doing harm. The villagers run, except those who are demonic in nature, who run around with green eyes and try to kill them. Demon Hunters end up killing most demons. From here the story becomes interesting. The whole essence of the story begins when at the gate of hell a fortune-telling demon appears in front of the 3 gate keepers, revealing the arrival of Ashura. With it comes the end of the kingdom of man, and the reign of the demons begins. However, Ashura requires some form of childbirth, the first step that occurred during the opening battle, but that won't be revealed until you see the movie. The 3 demon-slayers are a wise old man, a powerful but unscrupulous man and an experienced and compassionate warrior. Immediately you can see the split between them, the old man who wants to stop the demons, the powerful who wants to bend them to his manic desires of the ego and the third who tries to stop the second. Along the way he meets a woman with whom he begins to have fun and believes he has a special relationship with him. She in turn is a brigand who is good-natured, sought after by the authorities. When the two finally meet face to face, he puts his hand on her shoulder, and suddenly he is hit by a mark on his shoulder. Needless to say, the brand is not a good sign. What follows is a battle for the earth, a battle between good and evil, as it should be, but also between good and good itself. <br /> <br /> The point for me in this film has become something different from what I thought it would be I arrived thinking it would be a fast-paced action movie with demons, or a horror movie with a gruesome wickedness and evil creatures like Ruth and Ju-on. I was still traded in the best possible way. The story seemed to me an adaptation of an ancient Japanese work, and it takes place as such, combining the action-oriented adrenaline scenes with a great concept, a surprising narrative and a style that forces you to think rather than just sit to wallow in the blood. Many scenes are painted with a luxurious dialogue between two characters that will never be seen in a Hollywood movie. It becomes a practically theatrical experience that takes your breath away. <br /> <br /> The film uses an immaculate scenario and a camera comparable to many great Samurai films of our time, but adding to it a well thought-out thought and classic plot. With great acting, great music and wonderful scenes, it's a must see in my book. <br /> <br /> That being said, the disclaimer is not necessary for everyone. It's not a thrill of economic horror, it's not a ball. It is a horror style game that was shot. It has a lot to say and takes time to do it, flying in front of conventional one-liners. Like Japanese games, exchanges between characters can last for several minutes before they come together for a quick but wonderful battle scene. If you can enjoy something like this, this is a masterpiece. If your idea of ​​a good movie is child's play with a little storyline and excessive nudity, then you can easily look at something else. <br /> <br /> Overall, this film is unique and surprising to me, which keeps you pinned and amused. he has good writing, good acting and good direction. All in all a decidedly solid film.
