I must admit to being a little surprised and disappointed by some of the very negative comments that this film seems to provoke. I think it's a great horror / science fiction movie. Colonel Steve West (Alex Rebar) returns to Earth after a historic space flight to Saturn. While in space he contracted a bizarre and unknown illness. He wakes up in a hospital bed, looks in the mirror and in front of his eyes his face is melting! Escaping from hospital supervision, he hides in some local woods surrounding a small town. Unfortunately it begins to develop a rapidly growing hunger that can only be satisfied by eating other people. It must feed on human flesh and drink the blood of others to survive! Stalking human prey begins its reign of terror! It's up to his old friend Dr Ted Nelson (Burr DeBenning) to find him and try to help him. He has to work alone, as his boss, General Perry (Myron Healey), wants it to be extremely quiet. Nelson can't even tell his wife Judy (Ann Sweeny). However, Sheriff Blake (Michael Alldredge) becomes suspicious as General Perry introduces himself just as some inhabitants of the city begin to vomit half ate. I really don't understand why this movie has such bad reviews, what do people expect? Anyway, I really like this movie. The star of the film is undoubtedly Rick Bakers special make-up artist and the gore effects that are mostly excellent, and the fact that all the prosthetic effects and the horrible rubbish CGI make them even better. Even the writer and director William Sachs is not afraid to use them, we get some nice close-ups of the incredible man who melts and holds up very well, even now. Photography, music and direction are a bit boring, but quite professional. The script manages to create sympathy for the monster, shots of him that look with desire in the house of Ted Nelsons, or when he sees his reflection in the water and reacts violently. The ending, set in a large factory of some sort, is rather unusual so don't expect a happy ending. Which surprised me. Moreover, the script has nothing to do with the premise, it merely dissolves and kills, with his friend trying to stop him, maybe a little too simple. Personally I think the worst part of the movie is near the beginning when the fat nurse runs down a hospital corridor in slow motion, even his screams are portrayed even in slow motion, it seems and seems totally ridiculous! You have to see it to believe it! I really like this film and recommend it to horror / sci fi fans of the 70s and 80s. A favorite of mine.
