I have always liked this play as one of the few that has ever seriously tried to handle the US government's annual tax application. Have you ever read a tax code? It's rather a process to follow its many clauses that our members of Congress and the senators are pushing to help their financiers and various interest groups. Despite claiming that it is right, the tax code has always played the lion's share over the weight of the middle and working classes rather than the rich and influential. Most of the various special clauses are designed for their use - they pass through the medium form 1040 or 1040A and observe the variety of different investments and entrepreneurial initiatives that all have a different set of rules. Most people will never have any use for these. <br /> <br /> The story here is that a wealthy landowner (Philip Ober) uses his influence to let the IRS escape that his neighbors (Paul Douglas and Una Merkle) have not paid taxes in 20 years. The Baltimore IRS office is under Fred Clarke and is paying attention to Ober with his influence. Send Tony Randall to check the situation. <br /> <br /> Randall discovers that Douglas, Merkle and their three girls and two boys are fairly honest people, who rarely need money (they get along on their farm producing and bartering with their neighbors). But Randall, trained in the clear lines (for the IRS) of the tax code tries to define the family for the fundamentals. But gradually Douglas notices that Reynolds is fond of Randall, and continues to mislead Randall from his work, ending up getting him drunk. It also makes it difficult for Randall to leave by leaving his car's engine removed "for repairs" by his two sons. <br /> <br /> The plot follows the growing attraction and friction between Randall, vaguely ambitious, and campaign, life that loves Reynolds. They really make a cute couple. In the end, after Ober complains, Randall is postponed in disgrace and Clarke (a harder biscuit) starts to reckon. And he arrives with a very large tax bill, which could ruin Douglas's family. <br /> <br /> The film does not end here - it ends happily, but it reminds us that the power to tax is the power to destroy, and that the government, too often, faces destruction. A chance in a million inversions saves the family, but it's so rare that we know it's just a dramatic trick. More realistic is the way in which the head of Clarke (Charles Lane) essentially reduces Ober's "aid" suggesting that next year his fees will be examined more carefully. After that Ober is pretty green.
