Many critics have been offended by the fact that R. Fassbinder played both the main character Wilkie and the Nazis in this film in a human way. Connoisseurs of other Fassbinder films, however, will understand that "Lili Marleen" (1981) belongs to Fassbinder's "films for women" as "The Marriage of Maria Braun" (1979) and "Lola" (1981). Fassbinder was convinced that "stories can be told much better with women than with men", because, according to Fassbinder, while men usually play their determined roles in society, "women are able to think dialectically" . The dialectic, however, means that there is not only a thesis and its antithesis as usually in our world in black and white, but a synthesis in which the oppositions coincide. Moreover, the dialectic means that due to the third instance of synthesis the absolute opposition of the difference between thesis and antithesis is abolished. Concretely speaking: starting from a dialectal point of view and describing the fascist state, the clandestine fighters must necessarily use the basic means as the rulers do, and therefore there is a chiastic relationship between the offenders and the victims, so that every offender is also victim and also every victim is guilty. Fassbinder illustrated this abstract scheme, which transcends classical logic, in his drama "The city, the garbage and death" (1975) which was filmed by Daniel Schmid with the title "Shadow of Angels" (1976). <br /> So, by approaching a controversial issue a priori like Nazi Germany, dialectically, the representation of this time in film form becomes even more controversial, especially for people who can't or don't want to see our the recognition of the world is by far not exhausted with a scheme of primitive light switch, but it needs the third instance of synthesis as an instance of control of its opposed thesis and antithesis members. The reciprocal relationship between the transgressors and the victims must be examined, since it is not simply true that the culprits are the bad ones and the victims the good ones. In a synthetic point of view, the bad ones participate in the goodness while the good ones participate in the wickedness. They are mutually related. In a world view based on classical logic, a relationship between good and evil cannot even be established, and in an ethic based on this system of insufficient logic, the bad conscience of the survivors of Nazi Germany, feeling (quite illogically ) responsible for the actions of their ancestors, they exclude the possibility of a relationship between the two extremes and therefore a synthesis in the form of a new assessment based also on this relationship. From the dialectical point of view of Fassbinder, it follows that neither Lili Marleen nor Lola nor Maria Braun can be condemned for their "improper use" of the dominant system for their private purposes, because they do not abuse them, they simply use them. On the contrary, since the victims must repeat the actions of the perpetrators of the crimes since the transgressors must repeat the actions of the victims, because "good" and "bad" are no longer simple mirror images of each other as in logic at two values, their strategies are legitimized by the clarification structure of a logic that describes our world, which is not at all black and white, much better than a black and white logic.
