Until the 1990s there had never been a film based on "Emma" by Jane Austen. Then two came in the same year, 1996. Or, if you consider "Clueless" in 1995, which updates Austen's plot in a modern American school, three in two years. <br /> <br /> The main character is Emma Woodhouse, a young woman from a wealthy family in Regency England. He is financially considerably better than most of Austen's heroines, like Elizabeth Bennett or Fanny Price, and he doesn't need to be a rich husband. Instead, his main concern seems to find husbands for his friends. She persuades her friend Harriet to reject a marriage proposal from a young farmer, Robert Martin, believing that Harriet should have turned to the ambitious ecclesiastical Mr. Elton. This scheme is disastrously wrong, however, since Elton has no interest in Harriet, but has fallen in love with Emma herself. The speed with which Emma rejects her proposal makes one think about why she was so eager to match her friend with a man she considers (rightly) a marriage partner unsuitable for herself. Being a conspiracy by Jane Austen, Emma turns out to be less a committed spinster than it seems, and she too finds herself falling in love, leading to further complications. <br /> <br /> Today in 2008 Kate Beckinsale is a Hollywood star, but in 1996, although she was only one year old, she was not known internationally as Gwyneth Paltrow. However, it is just as convincing as Austen's well-intentioned but often wrong heroine. Beckinsale seems to have a gift for classical roles - she made a delightful hero in Kenneth Branagh's "Much ado about nothing" - and sometimes I find myself wishing that Hollywood could have found more suitable roles for her than wasting it in turkeys "Pearl Harbor" or "Underworld". <br /> <br /> I preferred Jeremy Northam to Mark Strong as Emma's love interest to Mr. Knightley, largely because he approached my conception of the character as a gentleman, a chivalry older man, somehow more of a father-figure of Emma more than a lover. (His surname is probably meant to indicate his noble nature: the gentlemen of the nineteenth century liked to consider themselves the modern equivalent of medieval knights with their elaborate cavalry codes). Forte tends to downplay the age difference (she is 37, she is 21) and makes Knightley more of a passionate enthusiast and less a Northam essay mentor. Samantha Morton (another actress who would go on bigger things) is perhaps closer to the novel's Harriet than Toni Collette was. <br /> <br /> This was the smaller version of the two versions, made for television rather than cinema, and the sets and costumes seem less generous and there are fewer important names in the cast. The drama in costume, however, is generally something that English television does well, and this version can certainly stand comparison with the film version; both are fun and well-made versions of Austen's novel. 7/10
