Recently, Tintin and I aired as an episode of P.O.V of PBS. series. It is based on a recorded interview by Georges Remi a.k.a. Herge, the creator of Tintin, has been discussing his various experiences since 1971, publishing his popular character, first in a Catholic newspaper, then in his comic book series. Stunning views of various comic book pages and surreal images of Herge's dreams. I first met Tintin in the pages of Children's Digest at my local elementary school library that reads The Secrets of the Unicorn. My mother later got a CD subscription and I read the entire Red Rackham's Treasure every month in 1978. I remember seeing some Tintin comics in a local bookstore, but for some reason I probably didn't get it because I was 12 years. and I thought of overcoming them. I have Breaking Free, a book written and designed by J. Daniels, published in 1989, six years after Herge's death. I have not read it yet. This film also covers the artist's personal life as when he left his first wife after his relationship with a colorist in his employment (which he later married). His name is Fanny and is interviewed here. If you love Tintin and its creator, this film is definitely worth a visit. Update: 9/4/07 - Now I read Breaking Free. Tintin and The Captain are the only regular characters that appear here and are tailor-made for the anti-capitalist visions of Mr. Daniels with Tintin interpreted as a rabble rouser with a chip on his shoulder who nevertheless takes care of the Captain with whom he is a guest . The Captain here is just trying to make ends meet with a wife and a daughter he loves dearly. They and other construction workers promise to go on strike after a colleague died of a faulty equipment accident. It all takes place in England with the cockney accents of the working class intact. It's not the kind of thing Herge would approve, but still an interesting read. Oh, yes, the Snowy dog ​​only appears in the upper left corner of the cover (which has Tintin running over the police!) And the dedication page.
