It is said that around the time that ABBA ?? the award-winning Swedish star of the favorite records reached its peak, the band was disappointed by the singing in English and wanted to perform in their native language. Shortly thereafter, the problems began to emerge in the closed-ended partnership and the registrations became less and less frequent. The band dissolved, although unofficially, in 1982 and pop lost one of its most famous artists. Even if they never admitted that there is any truth in those rumors, the fact remains that ABBA would never have been so successful if they had recorded only in their native language. If you want to appeal to the biggest media market that makes money worldwide, then you have to satisfy the English-speaking public. <br /> <br /> It is incredible to me how an island so small that it is a few steps away from the European continent could have created perhaps the most recognized language, even if not the most spoken in the world. Everyone speaks a little English; whether it is simply "ciao" or a common swear word - you will find an English speaker almost everywhere. Obviously, Pedro Galindo did not agree, because Trampa Infernal was never subtitled for global consumption until it was recently published on the budget DVD. This is a real shame, because it is actually a decent slasher film that is much better than many of its English-speaking compatriots. <br /> <br /> The film opens in the somewhat unknown territory of a gun duel. Two unidentified characters are surreptitiously shown around a dilapidated complex looking for each other for the inevitable final showdown. After a bit of suspense and a couple of near misses, one of the gunslingers emerges victoriously. Later we learn that they were just paintball guns and that the two competitors are actually young people from the local city. Nacho and Mauricio are the fiercest rivals and Mauricio always tries to prove he is better than his tender opponent, but so far he has failed. <br /> <br /> Later that night, as the victorious gunslinger celebrates his triumph with his girlfriend Alejandra and his friend Charly, Mauricio enters the bar and says he has one last challenge for his glorious nemesis. He says this will be the competition that will show the city once and for all who deserves the utmost respect. Nacho is initially reluctant because Alejandra warns him of the dangers of continued competitiveness, but in the end he succumbs to the weight of peer pressure and accepts; much to the disgust of his morally superior partner. <br /> <br /> They intend to head to the remote region of Filo de Caballo, because recent media coverage reported that many people were slaughtered by what the locals believe to be a vicious bear. Mauricio proposes that whoever kills the animal can be considered the greatest and also promises that it will be the last battle he will do against his opponent. <br /> <br /> After visiting the armory to stock up on weapons and ignore the warnings of the old guardian, the group set off towards the distance of the secluded wood. The hunters become hunted as they learn that the bear is actually a homicidal Vietnam veterinarian who does not yet realize that the war is over and considers all humans as his enemy. What started as a competitive adventure suddenly becomes a battle for survival as they are persecuted and massacred by the malevolent murderer. <br /> <br /> I took Trampa while I was studying in Madrid from a Mexican student who lived in the next dormitory -Then me. I remember that the copy I was watching was flawed and the tape ended about 10 minutes before the end credits turned, which meant I had never seen the final scenes. Fortunately, I recently found the budget DVD on Amazon and added it to my collection immediately. <br /> <br /> The Gallindo slasher is a surprisingly good effort that excels from its skillful direction and enthusiastic plot, which attempts to cover the areas that are not usually approached by slasher movies. In fact, it's so beautiful that it reminded me of more than one occasion in Arnold Schwarzenegger's classic Predator. This is particularly evident in the scenes showing the frighteningly masked killer jogging in the forest and chasing the crew in a panic as they struggle to escape the maniac's playground. Despite the obvious awareness of Gallindo on such banalities (the bogeyman even uses a Freddy Kruegar-fingered glove); Trampa also tries to add something different to the standard model. While most of the running time plays with the concrete rules of the category, the third final heralds a significant step forward in individuality as the maniac arming himself with a machine gun and lures the hero into his den for the surrender of the final accounts. From here on out, the film quickly exchanges genres and becomes almost an action movie, which will excite or disappoint you depending on your taste. The last slasher that tried to cross the two styles was that of the expired eighties 'The Majorettes', which is not necessarily a good thing. <br /> <br /> As in the case of many Latin films (especially the Spanish films of Almodovar and Amenabar), Trampa has a subtle background of morality to his story, which is successfully transmitted without being thrown into the viewer's throat. In addition to indulging in the temptations of competitive masculinity and you may not always be the winner. It is a bit covered in sugar, but it is handled gently enough not to detract from the fun of the function. <br /> <br /> Trampa could be made of cheese, but it deserves to be seen and recognized as one of the best late rips. The murderer looks fantastic in the gruesome army fatigues and in the white Valentine's mask and in the attempts at originality at work. He may lack the blood that the most sincere horror fans love, but he has enough in terms of suspense and creativity to guarantee at least one vision.
