After Garbo's introduction to the sound of "Anna Christie" by Clarence Brown, Jacques Feyder made a German version of the film in which all the actors, with the exception of Garbo, were different. While the American version is even more available in the United States and most American viewers have seen this version mainly, Germna's "Anna Christie" is more likely to be seen in Europe. As I saw both films, I feel the right to compare the two very close-knit productions. Is Jacques Feyder's film different? Is it better than Clarence Brown's? <br /> <br /> In this analysis, I would like to focus first on what both films have in common. They have identical series, very similar scripts and the same scenes presented in chronological order. Here you will also find the story of the young woman who returns to her father after years of absence and is trying to start a new life. Here, you also have the fun sequence, even if a little shorter, in the amusement park. However, when I emphasize the same Garbo, I will face the first difference. It does not seem to cause such curiosity as he speaks. The viewer focuses more on his acting than on the way he talks, which probably happened to the spectators of 1931. Garbo was very good at American cinema and is very good here too. And yet, to me, it seems even more genuine in the German version. It is evident that Garbo does not focus on the way she speaks so much (the effort that was artificially created by the sensation: GARBO TALKS!). His German is not very well pronounced; yet no one cares: everything is perfectly understood. Therefore, I can easily say the same that I did in my comment on the American version: Skaal Greta Garbo! <br /> <br /> However, the film differs in a very important question: the rest of the cast. Here is the question: which portrait looks more appealing, which is certainly better? The differences are full of variety. Salka Viertel (or Salka Steuerman), Garbo's longtime friend, does not do the equally great work of Marie Dressler in the role of Marthy Owens. It is not bad, it is different, sometimes exaggerated (from today's point of view) but it is no longer so genuine in the role of Marie Dressler who still enjoys us and whose moments have absolutely passed a test of time. Some people even claim that Dressler was better than Garbo in the film and this opinion, although it seems to be questionable of course, brings some truth. Theo Shall is more likable than Matt than Charles Bickford, but when addressed, it is not so much the appearance of performance as the appearance. <br /> <br /> Who shines in the German "Anna Christie", which is really worth the extra attention is Hans Junkermann in the role of Chris Christopherson, Anna's father. George F. Marion vs. Hans Junkermann is like a difference between day and night. Junkermann plays a true drug addict, a man with hopes, fears, that exasperates his daughter's care. The scene of Anna's first meeting with her father is truly magnificent, the initial moment of Chris's conversation with Marthy is memorable above all thanks to his facial expressions and impeccable performance. Junkermann is the Chris you like, of which you sometimes laugh, with whom you sympathize, who leaves in your mind an image of a calm alcoholic sailor. Great! <br /> <br /> If you've seen the American "Anna Christie" and you have the chance to get the German version, I highly recommend this movie because it's a slightly different aspect of the story, a beautiful and accurate way to compare, a refined enrichment for the film by Clarence Brown and, above all, a wonderful opportunity to discover a marvel of performance: that of Hans Junkermann. Skaal or Prost, Hans Junkermann!
