Shot by MGM on the same sets as the English version, but in German, Garbo's second portrait "Anna Christie" benefited from the practice and its apparent ease with German dialogue. Garbo appears more relaxed and natural under the direction of Jacques Feyder than that of Clarence Brown, and his silent cinematic mannerism has almost disappeared, which made his transition to sound complete. The strength he brought to the character remains here, although it has been toned down, and Garbo reveals more than Anna's vulnerability. The entire cast, with the exception of Garbo, is different from the previous version of the film, and Garbo benefits from the fact that he doesn't have to compete with Marie Dressler, who stole every scene he was in during the English version. In Feyder's film, Garbo is the center of attention, even though the three supporting actors, especially his father, have given excellent performances. <br /> <br /> Feyder's direction was safer than Clarence Brown's and his use of the camera and editing techniques didn't seem to be bound by the new sound process, like those of Brown. The film moves with greater fluidity than the adaptation of the English language, and the static nature of the first film has been replaced by a flow that maintains the interest of the spectators. Even William Daniels' cinematography seems to have improved compared to his filming of the Brown version. He captured the luminescence of Garbo and the atmosphere of the port with style. Furthermore, the adaptation of the screenplay for the European public made Anna's profession quite clear from the start, and the crystal clear for viewers who were not familiar with the game on what was only implicit in Brown's filming. However, the film was made before the introduction of the Production Code, which made the censorship baffling. <br /> <br /> Garbo's Oscar nomination for "Anna Christie" has always been somewhat mystifying, and I suspected that the nod was given more in recognition of its relatively smooth passage to sound films than its interpretation. However, some of the Academy's voters may have seen the German version of the film, and they realized, like contemporary viewers, that his "Anna Christie" under Feyder's direction was definitely worthy of the Oscars.
