Fragile Carne, just before its great period. Although he is sometimes hesitant and longueurs, HOTEL DU NORD is full of the faded charm and beauty typical of French films of the late 1930s, as well as a relative lightness of the unusual touch with this director. All his great virtues are here: the cramped interiors broken by complex, delicious sailboat movements; a melancholy unfolding of lights and shadows; the dramatic and melancholic scenographies of Alexander Trauner, which are so evocative that, as the title suggests, they assume their own modeling personality; the silently sad music of Maurice Jaubert; an apparently casual plot of romanticism, tragedy and fatalism that throws a noose over his characters; extraordinary interpretations of some of the greatest players of all time, in this case Louis Jouvet and Arletty. <br /> <br /> In fact, the film is the biggest failure, and I am surprised (as someone who, usually, didactically minimizes its importance) to admit it, is its script. He has a lot of wit and intensity, but without poetry and irony, the usual meat aide Jacques Prevert has brought to their best films, he cannot avoid slipping into the cliché (even if it is only a cliché a posteriori). <br /> <br /> Apparently inserted into the board, the film opens its idea of ​​community opening with two interconnected stories of condemned love and emotional, metaphysical and real isolation. The scenario of condemned love is the one that works least well. Annabella is very beautiful, but not very good at making tragedies, while Aumont's callousness, however brilliant it may be, by its nature prevents any real romanticism, heard. Maybe it's just me, but I find it difficult to sympathize with a couple, so young, so attractive, that, after only a few months, it is so desperate to despair that they have to shoot each other. Even their high lines are quite embarrassing. Certainly, this matter is not meant to be plausible - they are the symbol of youth, hope and the possibility of being crushed in France, or perhaps of France itself, desperate, resigned, awaiting death. In order for the symbols to be truly powerful, they must convince on a narrative level, which, in my opinion, are not entirely here. <br /> <br /> What saves this plot is its link with the story of M. Edmond, a character linked to the great tradition of French gangsters. Even if we learn it only gradually, he is a murderer who hides, experiencing the prostitute played by Arletty, after having dobbed his accomplices. In his previous "role" - and the theatricality of his position is crucial - he had a series of traits; hiding he assumed their complete opposite. Living a rather meaningless life, is deeply shaken by the pact of lovers, and becomes fatalistic, realizing the folly of trying to deceive death. <br /> <br /> In this way - the admission that one is less a person than a collection of signs, and that death is an inevitable reality to which the most powerful masculinity must succumb - Edmond is like a romantic prototype of the Melville's clinical killers. With one exception - it gives a brief hope, an illusion that only reinforces - if it is not an unbearable irony - its fatal resolution. <br /> <br /> All this could have been trivial if it hadn't been for the truly incredible performance of Louis Jouvet. I had studied his theatrical work in college, but this was my first taste of his film talents, and it turns out to be worthy of the great - Grant, Mastroianni, Clift, Mason, Mitchum, Cotten - giving a quiet nobility to a role that is more than a conception (he too, needless to say, is allegorical) of a real person. Edmond starts the film a secondary supporting character, but emerges as a tragic hero of a certain strength. Like all the main actors, the splendor of Jouvet lies in what it hides. <br /> <br /> On a formal level, what amazes is the taking of Carne, ten years before its flowering, of the techniques of the great Hollywood melodramas of Sirk, Ophuls, Ray and Minnelli. Although his theatricality lacks the fluidity and gaudy beauty of Sierck's contemporary German melodramas (take a look at the masterpieces ZU NEUEN UFERN and LA HABENERA), the style of Carne fits perfectly with his theme: entrapment, paralysis, resignation. <br /> <br /> The main reason for the film is that of water - the credits float and dissolve, the hotel is near a stream - but instead of Renoir's open river, we have a canal , stagnant and artificial, which goes nowhere. The film begins while it ends and the setting never changes, except for a brief interlude from which both fugitives are condemned to return. Characters can only escape death - their entrapment is emphasized by the cramped rooms they occupy, by the walls and frames that hold them captive, by the windows that look out onto an escape they can never reach. Therefore, all hope in the end is deeply, though romantically, compromised.
