Perhaps the most popular accomplishment of master Ching Siu Tung is this series, A Chinese Ghost Story 1-3. The story of Chinese ghosts sees Leslie Cheung in a distant past in China as a tax collector, forced to spend a night during his "journey of collection" in a mysterious castle where some strange warriors fight and meet him. The beautiful actress Joey Wang / Wong is the ghost who lives in that castle and is under the dominion of a powerful demon, a wooden devil who gathers human souls for herself with the help of her beautiful ghosts. Leslie and Joey fall in love, and although ghosts are not allowed to live with humans, they decide to break that rule and live happily together for the rest of their lives. This is not what the devil of the forest thinks and our protagonists must fight for their life and their happiness. <br /> <br /> This film is no less full of magic than other films by Ching Siu Tung. His masterpieces include Duel to the Death (1983) and the Swordsman series, all of which have incredible graphics and kinetic power in their action scenes. Ghost Story is full of brilliant lightning and dark atmosphere, which is lightened by the strong presence of the beautiful and good ghost. The effects are simply breathtaking and work at full power on the big screen. The camera moves and twists continuously and adds to the fairytale atmosphere of this movie. There are also many wire'fu stunts, and although some think they are and seem free or stupid when used in movies, I can't agree and I think they give the cinema the kind of magic, freedom and creativity that no other tool could give. When people fly in these films, it means that the films are not just about our world, and usually depict things bigger than life with the power of this larger art form than life. <br /> <br /> The history of power love is quite moving and warm, but the problem is (again) that the characters are too superficial and act inexplicably every now and then. Leslie and Joey should have been written more carefully and their characters should be even warmer, deeper and more genuine to give the story greater power and make the film even more noteworthy and important. Furthermore, the message about love and its power is emphasized too little at some point and should be left alone to the mind of the viewer to be interpreted and found. Another negative point of the dialogue is that it is too abundant and people talk in this film without a reason. This is very irritating and sadly shows the flaws that many writers tend to do when they write their films. People talk and talk and everything is there just to make everything as easy to understand as possible and therefore the film is not too demanding or credible as it has this element free. Think of the films by Japanese director Takeshi Kitano; his films have very few dialogues and everything that is there is necessary because he tells his things with other cinema tools and never talks, or makes the other characters talk too much in his films. This is just the talent that writers should have to write bigger scripts. <br /> <br /> Otherwise, Chinese Ghost Story is a very beautiful and visually stunning piece of oriental cinema, and even the song that is played in the film is very beautiful and hopefully earned a prize for film awards of Hong Kong. I give Chinese Ghost Story 7/10 and without the flaws mentioned above, this would undoubtedly be an almost perfect masterpiece of the fantasy genre.
