I just saw this great good-natured parody of Night of the Living Dead, and I have to say that it was so terrible and so trivial that it was excellent. This film incorporated all the antics and landscape shots that the original had included the cemetery, the abandoned and conceivable house, the basement and the front lawn. What I particularly love about this film is the comical use of bread and all the common domestic enemies that bread bears resentment. Come on, we know that toasters, toasters and zippers have made bread a dozen times and now we have to ask for their help to defeat the reanimated bread. Apart from the low cost of acting and dubbing, this short horror film is my favorite parody of Night of the Living Dead, even better than the Night of the Living Dead of 1990. <br /> <br /> I think about what makes it this is the movie worth watching is how the writers and directors have used all the dialogues of the original film and have rotated it around the bread, including the way the bread has been revived and to avoid leftovers because they are particularly dangerous. Another big reason I love this movie is that, there is no exception on what bread is evil, bagels are bad and even communions are bad, which is demonstrated by a hilarious scene involving a journalist and a rather monotonous priest. I think the actors are particularly funny in performing the act of being visually attacked by slices of bread (ie the car scene). I think the end is very worth it. <br /> <br /> Although this is a brief and that "Day of the Dawn of the Son of the Bride of the Return of the Revenge of Terror by The Attack of the Evil, Mutant, Alien, Flesh Eating, Hellbound, Zombified Living Dead Part 2: In Shocking 2-D "is another great parody, it is however recommended as a great horror parody made by those who appear to be university directors. I highly recommend this film to anyone who can make fun of Night of the Living Dead and still respect filmmakers. I would also like to recommend this film to anyone who loves D-movies and horror parody, it's just a wonderful little horror movie that is fun to watch and learn.
