Joan Fontaine here is completely convincing as an amoral beauty that is completely incapable of feeling love for anyone but herself. Her husband (Richard Ney) lost all his money through a combination of his stubbornness and his extravagance, and they are reduced to living in a tiny room, with little or no prospect. They continue to wear the most amazing clothes and go out and socialize as if nothing was wrong. He is a charming, reckless, but absolutely lovable type. However, Fontaine decides he must go, since he has survived his usefulness. So he decides to poison him when he realizes he doesn't want to divorce her, so he can go on. In the meantime he had a lover (Patric Knowles) who decides to leave because he is not even rich. Meet Elder Herbert Marshall, who has a yacht with all the bows and more money than even Fontaine could have imagined spending. She takes aim at him and decides he will do it very well. He is too eager to be eaten by the young beauty. It certainly isn't very exciting and has more sex appeal than yesterday's omelette. But Fontaine is one of those girls who has eyes only for money, and the man standing between her and is transparent, so that he doesn't even notice what he thinks, looks through him and sees what he really wants and goes there. He proceeds to poison the husband and sends him in a very orderly and satisfying way, so that everything goes well. But as always happens in movies, and sometimes even in life, some unexpected things start to go wrong, and the tension increases noticeably, so that Fontaine begins to sweat. Fontaine is particularly good at looking wicked and terrified, and as the net begins to close on her, her growing sense of despair is palpable and puts us at the edge of our seats. Hysteria and fear take over from fantastic calculations and cunning. But he finds a guy who fell for his crime in the person of his lover outside the cast, who is an innocent victim of his plan to put him up. He is sentenced to death for murder, because her husband's death from poison came to light unexpectedly. But Sir Cedric Hardwicke, who plays a gloomy Scottish backyard inspector, thinks there may be something wrong, and begins to doubt the story and suspects Fontaine. It closes on her, and some of the scenes where this happens are inspired in portraits of the wildest panic. But will the life of the innocent man be saved before being executed? Will Fontaine extend from this for a long time? Will Herbert Marshall protect her to safeguard her infatuation? This film is directed by Sam Wood, and the film is indeed a superb suspense thriller that I suppose fits very well with the description of a higher quality noir film.
