The Sea is Watching was an interesting cinematic experience. First of all, the general feeling was intense, internalized, claustrophobic and small. Each frame seemed to be a photograph of something inside, something very concentrated and not part of a larger picture. It was obvious what we had to look at in every frame. The physicality of the set itself contributed to that feeling of smallness and intensity. The lights along the center of the road cut the road in half, and the tiny door of the small settlement, followed by the tiny little huts that served as establishments that made up what appeared to be the whole city. Even the view of the ocean was framed by a tiny landing on which you can count the number of longer grass swaying in the wind. No panoramic view. In fact, it reminded me of the Montmarte sequence of the Moulin Rouge in which the camera focuses on the windmill creating again the feeling of a small area where everything is happening. <br /> <br /> While the acting was passable considering that I could not really discern how the lines were really delivered, I felt that the actions were overly melodramatic and meaningless. Why would Kikuno continue to carry on his way when Fusanosuke announced that his upcoming marriage didn't seem real? people hadn't really changed that much, and the character of Kikuno was so strong and strong that even though they were busy dealing with O-shin's business for nothing, the reaction seemed out of place and pointless and distracting. Another example of strange acting was when Kikuno's drunken boyfriend introduced himself and Ryosuke decided to intervene and was pushed down the stairs, the way he stood up and menacingly climbed the stairs and the subsequent fight out of the pipes was simply unsatisfactory. Isn't it that I like fight scenes ?? in reverse ?? but it seemed a bit tidy and again, too dramatic. Otherwise, while not a good movie to watch, it provided an interesting look at the darker side of prostitution (as opposed to geisha). Unfortunately, perhaps it has fueled our expectations of corny women (the "honey" I will give you an agreement "comments supported by too strained actions) and seriously made me doubt that in reality nineteenth-century prostitutes really acted that way. But once inside the house, the internal mechanisms became more interesting, vivid and real and provided a scenario that I had never foreseen or imagined in my romantic vision of Japan in the 19th century.
