'Umi wa miteita' ('The Sea is Watching') was the swan song of Akira Kurasawa: his adaptation of Shugoro Yamamoto's favorite novel in a screenplay he intended to film was his final mark he left in a brilliant career. Director Kei Kumai pays tribute to both Kurosawa and Yamamoto in presenting this visually surprising transformation of word by image. <br /> <br /> Set in nineteenth-century Japan, the story explores the lives of the women of a geisha house whose only purpose in life is to earn money by pleasing men. The house is run by an elderly couple who are kind and geishas are a lovely group of women who know their job and are proud of their careers. Everyone has a reason to turn to the life of the geisha. Oshin (Nagiko Tono) supports his family that lives in a nearby village, Kikuno (Misa Shimizu) has both good and bad clients that he manages to support with his stories of his superior caste. Oshin befriends an endangered samurai, falls in love with his kind companion, only to discover that he must not marry outside his caste and leaves his pleasures with Oshin to marry his promised bride. Oshin's heart licks easily, but is always emotionally and physically / monetarily supported by Kikuno and other geishas. <br /> <br /> A handsome samurai Ryosuke (Masatoshi Nagase) enters the life of Oshin and develops with her the first trustworthy and devoted relationship. Kikuno is plagued by problems, decides whether to accept the humble love of an old man who wishes to marry her and face a rich but violent client. For as long as the sea is watching and while a typhoon destroys the house and the road of the geishas, ​​Oshin and Kikuno sit on top of the roof waiting for the rescue promised by Ryosuke. The way the story ends is one of sacrifice, love and devotion. The sea is watching and will find protection for true love. <br /> <br /> The photography of Kazuo Okuhara is of breathtaking beauty: night scenes with glowing lanterns and colorful geishas interiors combine with recurrent views of the sea, both calm and turbulent. The acting is a bit tense for Edo art, but the characters are well created and keep the story credible. The only distraction that is surely NOT a thing Kurosawa would have forgiven is the sticky Western soundtrack that sounds like a simple soap opera filler, except for isolated moments where real Japanese music on authentic instruments beautifies the track. But in the end there is enough influence from Kurosawa to infuse this film with its dreamlike marvel that will always retain its importance in world cinema. Grady Harp
