Ah, yes, the star blockbuster. Take a concept like this, insert it into a script and upload it with every single special effect that Wizards of Hollyweird can evoke, then gather the usual suspects: hot-and-comers, has-beens, wanna-be's and never-wuzzes, and glue them all together in various roles of various sizes in front of the ruthless eye of the cameras. And I hope to understand that some of them are not too old to remember their lines. <br /> <br /> Let the bishops of the Box Office finally apply the concept to horror films, as happened with the post-EXORCIST thriller THE SENTINEL. The novelist Jeffrey Konvitz has decided to try to stage the ROSEMARY'S BABY scenario by Ira Levin of disturbing (and ultimately satanic) neighbors in a New York brownstone. The result was a controversial best-seller that some claimed to have to do with plagiarism and a vehicle as controversial, heavy and full of stars, written and directed by Michael Winner of DEATH WISH, but for many disturbing reasons. <Br /> <br /> Cristina Raines (NASHVILLE) successfully plays the model Alison Parker, who is rather overworked and overworked, (I won't add "overpaid". I mean it's a model, so it would be redundant), not just with his 24 hour program, also from his persistent boyfriend 'wanna-get-married-right-NOW' Michael (Chris Sarandon of DOG DAY AFTERNOON and the classic SOB.IG movie LIPSTICK). One of the ways he decides to escape from everything is to move into his place; a large brownstone in Manhattan that is able to procure cheap dirt, (which should have been the BIG red flag - low-cost real estate in New York!), by the mysteriously accommodating broker Miss Logan (veteran of the Golden Age screen Ava Gardner , fresh from the storm discharge in the EARTHQUAKE.) <br /> <br /> Things look good at first sight, but ah, yes ... then come the noises and the loud noise coming from the apartment above at night. And what about the REALLY close neighbors like Gerde (Sylvia Miles) and Sandra (a VERY first Beverly D'Angelo), the beautiful "single friends" (read: lesbians) who live together, and kindly the old Charles Chazen (a little 'disturbing Burgess Meredith), who seems perhaps a little too worried about Alison's well-being? And this not to mention other cohabiting assorted squirrels (you will never hear the phrase "black and white cat, black and white cake" again without wanting to laugh at milk through the nose and possibly vomiting at the same time.) Especially the old blind priest who lives in the attic ... <br /> <br /> Things really start to go down when a nightmare loaded with Alison's appearances turns into a horrible murder, (in one of the scariest villain of the film), and both Alison that Michael, with the help of Alison's BFF, Jennifer (Deborah Raffin), begins to put together the puzzle that reveals the dark origins of Brownstone, as well as the murderous agenda of its inhabitants of other worlds, not to mention the connection of Alison with them, which apparently is anything but casual. <br /> <br /> Although there is nothing controversial in the cast too rich, which seems to characterize every actor of different genres in search of work at the moment, (Arthur Kennedy, Jose Ferrer, Martin Balsam, Eli Wallach, John Carradine and even the first appearances of Christopher Walken, Jeff Goldblum and Nana Visitor!) Winner and company have returned to bizarre foundations and have thrown a "Tod Browning" ... enlisting physically challenged real life actors to appear in the sequence of the whole SENTINEL of all-and-all-goes-to-hell, which I imagine any dancer can do, finding it impossible to access Linda Blair and a case of green pea soup. It surely leaves you with arctic fingers that play your spinal cord like a zither, knowing this small and succulent morsel of information as you watch. And it presents a technique with which filmmakers started to come back only recently: the makeup on the set and the special effects that do not involve CGI (which at the time was practically non-existent). <br /> <br /> THE SENTINEL has that kitsch cheese factor, of the late seventies, but manages to stand out from time to time with some indescribable moments like the one mentioned above, not to mention the nauseate feeling of terror that the writers of horror they find it easy to play on, isolation and things that scream and scream in the night. After all, what single living person in a big city hasn't been in bed in darkness and listened carefully to the sounds of what HOPE is "the building settlement?" <br /> <br /> Konvitz followed THE SENTINEL with an inevitable sequel, THE GUARDIAN (not to be confused with the supernatural namesake of the thriller William Friedkin), which was never adapted to the screen. = sigh of relief =
