The Sentinel is a film that was recommended to me by my father years ago, and since then I've seen it many times. He always manages to entertain me, despite being really terrifying. The flashback scenes are what really made it for me. Cristina Raines's father who runs everything so creepy, with the two disturbing women, always manages to send shivers down my spine. it's your typical good against evil, but at least it can be fun. The ending that I consider one of the best in the history of horror. He has a lot of shock and suspense, seeing Burgess Meredith do his part like Chazen, he made me on the edge of my seat. The Sentinel has the perfect build up of tension. We never feel completely comfortable when Allison is on screen. We know that something terrible is always waiting for it, and this makes things even more tense. This film is often overlooked by horror fans, but I personally think it's one of the best out there, and it certainly has enough for all the horror fans to be satisfied. <br /> <br /> Performance. Cristina Raines has her moments of wood, but for the most part she arrived in style. It's beautiful to look at, and her chemistry with Saranadon was natural. Chris Sarandon is as big as her boyfriend, Michael. He had an instant presence on the screen and I couldn't help but love him. Martin Balsam, José Ferrer, John Carradine, Ava Gardner, Arthur Kennedy, Sylvia Miles, Deborah Raffin, Jerry Orbach, Richard Dreyfuss, Jeff Goldblum and Tom Berenger all have memorable roles, or small cameos. Burgess Meredith is as exceptional as Chazen. It looks like an old normal, but what we find out is absolutely terrifying. Eli Wallach and Christopher Wlaken do well, like the clumsy detectives. Beverly D'Angelo has a chilling scene, which I don't want to ruin. <br /> <br /> Bottom line. The Sentinel is an effective horror film that horror fans, unfortunately, tend to overlook. It will give you the chills and the freaks you need to be satisfied. It's worth a look. <br /> <br /> 7/10
