I'm not sure why this little movie was banned in the dark, as in spite of some rather silly things; The Sentinel is an intelligent and inventive horror film that gives most of today's highly praised ghost stories more than a run for their money. Michael Winner has admitted many times that he is not the best director of all time, and that on several occasions this film has shone in this film; but it must be said that the film works despite its uninspired direction, and the fact that Winner somehow managed to bring together a simply extraordinary cast of talent is more than compensated. The plot is full of mystery and starts focusing on Alison Parker and her search for an apartment. He finds that he cannot afford most of the properties he looks at, but he thinks his fortune has changed when he finds a fully furnished apartment at an affordable price. Her problems start right after she moved, since she doesn't really like her neighbors ... and this problem increases when the real estate broker tells her she has only one neighbor; an elderly blind priest on the top floor ... <br /> <br /> The cast list is really superb, with the relatively unknown Cristina Raines leading a large supporting cast. Chris Sarandon is a bit of wood in his role alongside Raines, but small parts for the likes of John Carradine, Eli Wallach, Ava Gardner, Jeff Goldblum and Christopher Walken, to name just a handful that makes up for the lifeless portrait of Sarandon. Michael Winner does a good job with his central location, as the apartment block provides a disturbing and macabre context for history. The film is a bit slow in the beginning, but it is never boring; and Michael Winner's script provides a surprise that it is almost impossible to guess from the offset, which certainly deserves some praise. Like many other similar horrors that burn slowly, this doesn't go for the money fired soon - but unlike many, the ending is a definitive culmination, given that Winner does everything to shock the viewer, and if the voice that used a true human the oddities are true; I must say that it does a great job! Overall, while this film can be pure hokum whatever your way of looking at it; The Sentinel is one of the best films of its kind, and it's definitely a highlight for its director.
