This horror film, based on the novel of the same name, suffers from an imperfect production and an uncertain and amateurish direction, but is still strangely irresistible. Unlike horror shocker films like The Exorcist, this film takes the viewer into a slow but inexorable plunge into a pool of evil. It turns into horror, which dawns on the public with the same dreamlike slowness that rises over the poor girl who was unintentionally chosen to be the next sentinel. His job is to sit at the gates of hell and prevent the evil from exploding in the world. This falls on her in expiation for her suicide attempt early in her life. <br /> <br /> The story is faithful to the book, which was compelling, but the way it is modified can lose the viewer. There are subtleties in the plot that are shaved off and have never been satisfactorily explained, which hurts this film. It's a shame. The Sentinel is not a type of in-flight movie; it's more an uncomfortable watch-and-squirm. As a bad car accident, there is an obligation to watch even when it becomes unbearable. This film is not bad at all, and still has the ability to shock. <br /> <br /> The cast was competent. Christina Raines was as captivating as Alison, the vulnerable girl under spiritual attack on both sides, a pawn in the endless battle between good and evil. Chris Sarandon was as good as his caring boyfriend but ultimately self-centered. Eli Wallach and a very young Christopher Walken are the detectives who struggle to unravel the bizarre enigma they received. Ava Gardner is as elegant as the real estate agent unaware of the horrors that lurk in her rented property. The thin elderly John Carradine, with his twisted hands of arthritis, is excellent as the dying sentinel that needs to be replaced. The devil is played with a fascinating perfection by Burgess Meredith; it's so sweet yet so wicked. There are future stars hidden in this film: Beverly D'Angelo and Jeff Goldblum as friends of the poor girl, and Jerry Orbach who successfully plays against the guy as a jerky television director. The damned souls are eventually portrayed by freaks and showbiz fans. Anyone who thought of doing it was a twisted but brilliant genius. <br /> <br /> The horror that pervades the film unexpectedly boils, as when Alison opens a door and finds something that evokes a flashback when she found her father with her two whores. Relive his first suicide attempt, face a pair of strangely dysfunctional lesbians and see a cat cut like a cake. From time to time, he pulled back and forth through reality and fantasy, through waking dreams and nightmares, all the time without the means to make it. Actually, the devil is trying to drive her crazy enough to kill herself before becoming the next sentinel. Will he succeed ...? In summary, slow but indescribably disturbing, well acted but poorly directed, and a typical horror movie from the 70s, before the real shakers got loose. (No pun intended) This film may not work for those with poor attention span, but it can still send shivers to the spine, and can still provide a low-profile shock value. It remains a strangely thrilling and entertaining dive into the realm of evil.
