This seems to be one of my favorite horror movies. It is a rich and classy production that boasts an excellent cast of actors, beautiful cinematography on the spot, a haunting soundtrack, an intelligent and new storyline, and an atmosphere of terror and threat. Remember classic films like ROSEMARY'S BABY and THE SHINING, where young and vulnerable women find themselves victims of supernatural forces in gruesome old buildings with a macabre past. Here, CRISTINA RAINES plays a top New York fashion model called Alison Parker. His happy and extroverted appearance masks a deeply conflicted and troubled soul. This is demonstrated by the revelation that in his past he attempted suicide twice - once as a teenager after inciting his degenerate father to get out of bed with two women and making him tear a silver crucifix from his neck and throw it on the floor and the second time, after the married fiancé's wife committed suicide for having learned of their relationship. He tells his boyfriend (played by a slimy CHRIS SARANDON) that he needs to live alone for a year or so, he responds to an announcement for a fully furnished and spacious one-bedroom apartment in an old Brooklyn Heights brownstone . This building actually exists and is located at 10 Montague Terrace, right on the Brooklyn Heights Promenade, near Remsen Street. The producers actually filmed inside the building and its apartments, obviously paying the residents for their inconvenience. The real estate agent, a Miss Logan (AVA GARDNER), seems to be very interested in having Alison take the apartment, an interest that cannot be explained only by the 6% commission she would earn. Especially when it quickly leaves the rental price from $ 500.00 a month to $ 400.00. Alison agrees and, leaving the building with Miss Logan, notes that an elderly man sitting and apparently staring at her from the top floor window. Miss Logan identifies the man as Father Halliran and tells Alison that he is blind. Alison's answer is very logical: "Blind? So what are you looking at?" After moving, Alison meets some of the other residents in the building, including a lesbian couple played by SYLVIA MILES and BEVERLY D'ANGELO, who provide Alison with a welcome discomfort in the building. Alison's mental health and physical well-being soon begins to deteriorate and she is tormented by cracking and fainting. When she transmits her concerns to Miss Logan that her sleep is disturbed every night by a ping and noisy steps coming from the apartment directly to her, she remains speechless to learn that, apart from the blind priest and now if itself, no one has lived in that building for the past three years. Summoning courage one night to confront his nocturnal tormentor, he arms himself with a butcher knife and a flashlight and enters the apartment above. He finds himself facing the cancer-riddled specter of his late father and uses the knife on him to defend himself when he comes after her. The police investigate and find no signs of violence in that apartment: no corpses, no blood, nothing. Yet Alison escaped from the building and collapsed into the street, covered in blood, her own, apparently. But there is no sign on her. What Alison does not realize until the film's conclusion is that its being in that brownstone has a purpose. It was put there for a reason - a reason whose origin dates back to the biblical story of the Garden of Eden and of the angel Uriel who had been placed at the entrance to protect it from the Devil. It is unknowingly triggered and prepared by the Catholic Church to take on a very important role - the one that will guarantee that its soul, which is damned for its two suicide attempts, can be saved. At the same time, the "invisible" neighbors, who turn out to be more than just bizarre weirds, have a different program in mind for her. This is a competent and intelligently made film that surprisingly surprises the Church and its representatives in a light that is mostly solidary.
