The film by Michael Winner, director / screenwriter, is a supernatural horror film better than expected (although it is still able to satisfy effectively), which goes unnoticed. Of course he could borrow ideas from other similarly-themed horror films of this period, but he still manages to bring his own psychological imprint to the smoke material (of good against evil) and to a unique vision that has a good deal of impressive expansions, if somehow set-exploitative. Overall it is approximate, yet it remains intriguing by instilling a disturbing charge without driving the gang-busters crazy. In reality there is always something going on between his occupied painting, but it is rather downsized, with his shocks guiding towards wise models and atmospheric tailoring, up to his vividly repellent and horrible climax with a downbeat revelation. The dressed-up art of the winner may seem like a pawn, but is it the ensemble cast that really holds him together? while trying to locate faces. There is also too much. Some have more to do with the scheme of things than others, but there is no doubt that each of them is busy, despite the ridiculously raw nature of it all. It's interesting to see names like Sylvia Miles (which is decidedly gruesome!), Beverly D'Angelo (similarly), Deborah Raffin, Eli Wallach, Christopher Walken, William Hickey (a clean cameo), Jeff Goldblum, Jerry Orbach and Tom Berenger in tip parts. Then you had a kind way Chris Sarandon and movingly Cristina Raines on the leashes. Offering support in grade José Ferrer, Martin Balsam, Ava Gardner, John Carradine, Burgess Meredith and Arthur Kennedy. The script revolves around many characters, as well as notions, but untangles itself in a mess trying to squeeze everything into it. However it is disorienting, the air works in his favor in establishing the suspicion and deception of what is really happening here. Is there a reason for all this, and why does it surround the character of Raines? The emphasis is mainly built on that moody corner, as it slowly begins to throw light on its inner paths and on the strange / worrying experiences it encounters when it moves into its new apartment. This is where Winner tries to pull out the eerie shadows, which cast some moments of ice. Gil Melle was the man in charge of the great orchestral soundtrack that never lost a cue and Richard C. Kratina's instruments the broad and scope photography.
