Michael Winner is probably best known for his revenge-themed films, such as "Death Wish" and "Chato's Land", but he is equally gifted as a director of occult horror, as shown in "The Sentinel" from 1977. "The Sentinel ", which is based on a novel by John Konvitz, who also wrote the screenplay, is an intelligent and immensely creepy religious chiller that no lover of Horror occult should consider missing. The film is obviously inspired by successful occult classics like "Rosemary's Baby", "The Exorcist" or "The Omen", but, as far as I am concerned, it is also as easily disturbing as these most acclaimed films, and probably even more disturbing. <br /> <br /> Allison Parker (Christina Raines) is a beautiful New York model. Traumatized by events in her past and not yet willing to marry her boyfriend attorney (Chris Sarandon), Allison is looking for an apartment, and finds a large, incredibly beautiful, which is also convenient, in an old villa in Brooklyn. The new apartment, however, arrives with a group of other very strange tenants. And the sinister new neighbors will soon become more than a little annoying for Alice ... This may not be a synopsis of adequate plot, but I wouldn't want to spoil any of the great moments of this movie, so I won't give any further descriptions of plot. What I will say, however, is that "The Sentinel" is a very disturbing and effective film that profits from an exceptional cast and an often bizarre and constantly disturbing atmosphere. The fact that director Michael Winner and writer John Konnvitz also acted as producers here certainly influenced the result. The film is imaginatively photographed, and the mysterious old Brooklyn villa is a fantastic setting for this type of film. As mentioned above, the atmosphere is dark and disturbing, and the film also includes several moments of shock and genuine fright. The film features many sinister and eccentric characters, and the cast is superb. The beautiful Christina Raines is fantastic in her role as Allison Parker, lovable and yet the cusp of losing her mind. Chris Sarandon is also very good as his fiancé, a successful lawyer, and the supporting cast includes many big names, like Christopher Walken, Jeff Goldblum, Jerry Orbach, Beverly D'Angelo and Tom Berenger, before becoming famous. The cast also includes stars like Ava Gardner, the horror icon John Carradine, Burgess Meredith and, my favorite, the great Eli Wallach as a cynical homicide detective. I have been a big fan of director Michael Winner for a long time, mainly for films like "Death Wish" and "Chato's Land". "The Sentinel" is yet another great film in Winner's repertoire, and also the proof that man is not only a master of hard-boiled revenge, but also of atmospheric hidden horror. All in all, "The Sentinel" is a disturbing, intelligent and incredibly bizarre occult chiller that is highly recommended to all horror fans!
