Sigh?? I sincerely wonder why all the critically acclaimed and presumably profound film critics hold such a grudge against director Michael Winner? Surely it is not the avatar of subtlety, given that his films are practically always difficult to face and compare, but then? They are incredibly funny. His most famous action films, such as the first three voices of the "Death Wish" series, for example, are easy targets to knock down because they presumably glorify the violence and personal use of shotguns, but also when Winner assumes a much more mature cinema genres ?? like the religious horrors of "The Sentinel" for example ?? he has no chance with any of the critics. "The Sentinel" generated some controversy and infuriated several people at the time of its release, when it was leaked that Michael Winner wrote malformed and handicapped people to represent the creatures that tried to cross the gates between hell and earth. Practically the same controversy caused the masterpiece of Todd's Browning and the reference point in the horror film "Freaks" to remain banished and invisible for over thirty years! And why? Just because certain prudent and easily offended people, who shouldn't watch the movie in the first place, say it's an unethical thing to do? I don't think that Michael Winner or Todd Browning kept these people under the threat of weapons or forced them to appear in their films, so what gives us the right to feel embarrassed in their place? Another important reason why critics did not warmly welcome "The Sentinel" is due to the Jeffrey Konvitz novel? and then the screenplay by Michael Winner ?? it is largely derived from other stories of contemporary religious horror but far more fortunate and therefore, according to the ruthless pens of the horror critics, little more than pure plagiarism. It is true that "The Sentinel" borrows several substantial elements from "Rosemary's Baby", "The Omen" and "The Exorcist", but let's face it, 70s cinema largely thrives on stolen formulas and imitates success stories . If you neglect the slightly unoriginal concept and, in all honesty, a handful of completely confusing and unnecessary secondary plots, "The Sentinel" honestly remains a unique atmospheric and often decidedly petrifying element of the horror-highlight of the 70s with impressive cast of nightmare ensembles and images. It is not easy to forget it easily. <br /> <br /> Alison Parker, a charming model with some unprocessed mental trauma, moves into a beautiful brownstone apartment in Brooklyn, deeply opposed to her boyfriend Michael's wish to marry her several times already. Alison's physical existence and especially her mental condition change drastically soon after, and the disturbing apartment seems to be the root of all misery. Meet eccentric neighbors and attend birthday parties for their cats, although the owner claims that she and a blind priest are the only tenants. He frequently faints during his work assignments and has truly gruesome visions of his bastard father and the night he tried to commit suicide. It becomes slowly clear that Alison was chosen to serve a higher supernatural purpose within this condominium, but at the same time the evil forces try to prevent it. It is really regrettable how the promotional captions and also the short synopsis on the back of the DVD immediately reveal that Alison's brownstone apartment is the gateway to the earth for hell and she is the chosen one to protect it, because the film's script is built slowly towards this shocking revelation. For about 75 minutes (and in some sadly boring and prolonged sequences) Michael Winner successfully maintains the impression that Alison's mind is playing tricks on her and that the involvement of the Catholic Church and the strange behavior of her girlfriend are strictly false. Many of the horrible scenes come very close to being brilliant, like Alison's flashback or her first acquaintance with the upstairs priest. The whole climax, with the controversial appearances of the guest mentioned above, is a literally disconcerting demonstration of pure terror and easily one of the most unforgettable and most epilest aspects I've ever seen. <br /> <br /> The cast Michael Winner has been managed telling is profoundly impressive, especially considering that "The Sentinel" still remains a legitimate horror film and this genre is not the most popular among prominent actors, but of course you have to also put the cast in perspective. With such an extensive cast, obviously many of the roles in the film are little more than cameos. Martin Balsam and John Carradine, for example, only appear on the screen for a couple of minutes together. Many others (like Christopher Walken, Jeff Goldblum, Beverly D'Angelo and Tom Berenger) perhaps add a lot of fame to the film today, but when it was released they were still too unknown to attract curious spectators. My personal choice for the best performances goes to Burgess Meredith as the mysterious neighbor and Eli Wallach as the inspector of the satirical police. The relatively unknown Cristina Raines does an admirable job in bringing the film and Chris Sarandon supports it cleanly, even though he wears a ridiculous mustache. In my humble opinion "The Sentinel" is a wonderfully funny and terrifying horror film, and certainly a must-see for TRUE genre fans.
