this is the first in a two-part story of the conflict between machines and humanity in the Matrix world and offers spectacular combining observations on the fear of the unknown man and of being usurped by politics, with vast religious and historical images , subverting expected portraits of the parties involved and an at least partially credible and terrifying vision of our near future. it is not perfect and some points of the plot and images are at the same time obvious and invented but it has the desired effect and impact and tells a visceral and admonitory tale. <br /> <br /> this first part defines the scene: human societies have developed advanced and capable humanoid robots to serve people who do menial jobs, unskilled jobs, construction, etc. and therefore the population has become lazy and disparaging towards them. a robot, however, rebels and kills its owner, stating to the next process that it simply didn't want to die. is destroyed, but when the destruction of the robot masses is ordered to protect humanity, many robots stand up in protest, with many human sympathizers at their side. <br /> <br /> the image here is exploitative, which speaks of revolts and abuses of race, square Tiananmen, the holocaust and an excessively provocative scene of a robot dressed as a human girl who gets angry, hammer in the head and then shot to death while declaring "I'm real". he lies on the ground, torn clothes and skin and breasts hanging out. it is an obvious and obscene image designed to present human fear towards uncontrolled elements and aggression towards groups based on the actions of individuals. <br /> <br /> however, this first part is very similar to a compressed version of the film The Robots, but soon develops into a recognizable Matrix back-story as the surviving robot contingent is exiled and reunites in the Middle East , in the cradle of civilization as the narrator tells us. there, the machines cluster and begin to produce new AI and to manufacture mass technology and trade it with human nations. we see a spot for a car that uses circular energy hover engines that the ships the rebels use in movies and see sentinel-type robots flying around Zero One, the name of their city. their assets and their trade make their economies soar over other economies in a harmful way and human governments and authorities establish a blockade in response. the machines send ambassadors in the form of Adam and Eve, resembling a United Nations congress to negotiate a peaceful resolution of the blockade, but are forcibly removed and the scene is ready for war in the second part. <br /> <br /> the animation is by Studio 4 ° C which works on some of the Animatrix and is evocative and visually stimulating, making different scenes such as image editing, CCTV movies and particular and distinctive import scenes that present the story perfectly. the plot may not be an original concept and could draw on simple sheep mentalities and plot patterns and resort to provocative material for the impact but after the enticing mystery offered by the first film and the vague brief information of Morpheus this is a beautiful display of the cataclysmic events that left the devastated world and in the hands of the machines that serve as a warning and as a vehicle for many observations and comments on the human condition, the development of AI and the importance of harmony and cooperation and the devastating consequences of conflicts and prejudices, themes developed in the films.
