This was the first thing that came to my mind when I saw the credits of Europe make the screen appear, never in my whole life I saw a film of such technical genius, the images of Europe are so impressive that any film I watch in its wake will only be pale in comparison, forget your Michael Bay, Ridley Scott's Hollywood cinematography, Europe has a more ethereal beauty than anything those two can conjure up in a million years. Now I would be the first to greet Lars von Trier a genius just out of his films Breaking the Waves and Dancer in the Dark, but this is stupid, the fact that Europe has been noticed by cinema experts for so long is a crime against cinemas, while overrated garbage like Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon and Life is Beautiful clean up the Academy prizes (but who knows) Europe has been hidden, video stores in absent form and (until recently) any British TV channels . <br /> <br /> Images in Europe are not gloss MTV; it is not a case of style on substance, it is more a case of substance dictation style. Just like his first film The Element of Crime, von Trier uses the main character's perspective to lure us into his world, and much like Element, the film begins with the main character (or in the case of Europa, we the audience) being hypnotized . As we go down the tracks, the voice of the Narrator (Max von Sydow) counts us in a deep sleep, until we wake up in Europe. This allows von Trier and his three filmmakers to pay with time and image conventions, there are many scenes in Europe when a character in the background, which is black and white, will interact with a person in the foreground who will be in colors, von Trier is trying to show us the precedence that the object or the colored person has on the plot, for example, it is not surprising that the first shot of Leopold Kessler (Jean-Barr Barr) is in color, since he is the only character the actions of those who have superiority over the film. <br /> <br /> The performances are good, they may not be on par with performances of von Trier's later films, but it is only because the images are sometimes so distracted that you don't really take them for the first time around . But I would like to underline the fantastic interpretation of Jean-Marc Barr in the main role, whose blind idealism is slowly warned on the two opposite sides, until it explodes in the final act of the film. Again, Muck as The Element of Crime, the film ends with our hero unable to wake up from his nightmare state, left in this terrible place, with only the continuous narration of von Sydow to seal his destiny. Europe is an incredible film, and I can't help but think what a shame that von Trier has abandoned this way of filming, since he was clearly one of the most talented visual directors working at the time, Europe, just like the rest of the his cinematic cannon is full of a wealth of iconic scenes. His dedication to composition and staging is unrivaled, not to mention his use of sound and production design. But since his no-frills melodramas turned out to be Breaking the Waves and Dancer in the Dark, then who can argue, but it seems like a waste of imaginative talent. 10/10
