Prisons are not exactly renowned for their kind hospitality and "happy vibes", with stories of struggles, chaos, murders and, of course, the extreme bond with men! But the prison in this film is a different beast altogether. The horror movies set in the cells are, as you probably know, nothing particularly new as they emphasize and exaggerate the fear of claustrophobia and the inability to escape? two of the greatest themes of horror cinema. With examples like THE CHAIR (Waldermar Korzeniowsky, 1988), THE GREEN MILE (Frank Darabont, 1999), ALIEN 3 (David Fincher, 1992) and of course the whole genre of exploitation of Women In Prison, another entry into this niche it must be something inventive and a lot of fun to start to be recognized. Or at least that's what you would have thought. PRISON is definitely an incredibly fun and entertaining ride and it's a bit of a shame that it's not as well known as it should be. <br /> <br /> The film, in short, focuses on an old prison (well, duh!) that has been reopened. However, it is not just fellow prisoners and guards who fear prisoners, but also an evil demon spirit with only one thing in his mind; Death! And boy, we're treated to some awesome death scenes! I don't want to ruin anything for you, but there are lots of innovative and fun murders made by invisible hands. <br /> <br /> In addition to special effects and murders, this film also has another thing; it's cast. Subtitles, we have the LORD OF THE RINGS star (Peter Jackson, 2001-2003), Viggo Mortensen (and for all those so inclined, yes, he does naked) whose performance is not only highly credible, but is done with so much skill that his The character of Eastwood is both bad and likeable (a very delicate mix). Add it to a cast of "hey-wait-a-minute-I-know-that-guy" actors and you have a great set of stars. The characters themselves, however, lack three-dimensionality and most of the time they appear to be very stereotyped. We have a black ophthalmologist, a tough prison warden, a woman human rights activist and many other characters. But in all honesty, this "guilt" actually helps the film. Instead of creating a tedious development of the character in a long balance, we are thrown, more or less, directly into the action and once it starts (very soon) there is not a single scene that is a filler ?? they are balls to the wall texture. Unlike a certain SHAWSHANK REDEMPTION (Frank Darabont, 1994)! Sharing the conventions with the slasher genre, this is a bit of a convention in itself and, in much of the slasher tradition, PRISON punishes those who have been bad. <br /> <br /> All in all it is an excellent little horror film and one that is sadly neglected and not mentioned in the world of horror. With an excellent cast and great special effects and rather original death scenes, this film is highly recommended for horror fans. Do not be fooled into thinking that it will also be a small film in bad taste, only because it was made in the United States in the 1980s, it is anything but poor (even if the end ruins it) and, at the same time, far from gritty and realistic (while trying to address issues like rape in prison, these are done rather subtly. <br /> <br /> I give them 3.5 out of 5 luvs. A very funny horror film with some very nice touches.
