2003 was seen as the year of the Matrix, with the release of two sequels and a computer game that actually connected to the plot of the film. A DVD of 9 animated short films was also released, most of them written and made in Japan and made as Anime. Japan makes some of the best animations in the world. Unfortunately, most of these short films are disappointing. The best of them is the first part of a prequel to the first Matrix movie. <br /> <br /> The Second Renaissance is made as a historical file. It tells how humans built machines in their likeness. Human beings live high life while machines are grunts, workers in society, second-class citizens. In the year 2090, a car, the BI-66ER was tried for murder, after killing its owners who wanted to deactivate it. The machine does not have a fair trial and the riots start all over the world. The governments of the world order to dismantle the machines. Many machines leave human society and form their own country in the Middle East, O1. 01 has a productive economy and easily break down human nations, forcing them to the economic crisis. The human block 01 and rejects the machines required for peace, so it was humans who were responsible for the war that enslaves them. <br /> <br /> The Second Renaissance is an interesting watch, with an excellent and traditional animation style and sets a compelling world. It shows how the machines have been abused and that humanity has sown the seeds of their own destruction. There is a political and social world and the short says a lot in it short execution time. The short themes share and a style for the classic Metropolis silent film, partly the beginning with the underworld. These are the themes of slavery, the abuse of the working class and racism. The short also has some religious themes and religious iconography. Mainly men considered themselves as God and created machines in their likeness. Seeing themselves as the legitimate owners of the machines. Machines also use religious iconography, mainly forming their nation in the 'cradle of human civilization' and the machines that come to the United Nations dressed as Adam and Eve, offering an apple. <br /> <br /> The animation style is beautiful, done in the traditional anime style (like Akira). The set designs are fantastic, they combine the futuristic with the historic cities, eg. Washington D.C .. There is a well-defined future scene and a surprising violence, which is the key to the film. The director, Mahiro Maeda, has also directed the anime sequence in Kill Bill Vol. 1, so he has good credentials for Hollywood. He is willing to use violence and knows how to keep a story. <br /> <br /> The only real complaint is an error of continuity to the first Matrix movie because Morpheus mentions that humans have no historical records or know who started the war. But it's a good watch.
