Prison is not often mentioned during conversations about the best horror films of the eighties, and there is a good reason why it is not one of the best ... but while browsing the classic films that the decade has to offer, this is certainly among the best lesser known / smaller films. The film has some connection with successful films; to begin with it is an initial directorial effort for Renny Harlin; the capable director behind a series of action films including Die Hard 2, Cliffhanger and Deep Blue Sea; and secondly we have an early role in the star of the Lord of the Rings Viggo Mortensen. The film is not exactly original but the plot is interesting. We focus on a prison that has been reopened after a number of years. This was the prison where a man named Charles Forsyth was sent to the electric chair after being framed by the prison governor. Of course, the spirit of the dead man does not rest in peace; and when the old execution hall is reopened, the spirit of the condemned dead escapes in revenge. <br /> <br /> The film is not exactly The Shawshank Redemption, but is concerned with building its various characters and while the main point of the film is always the horror, the drama of the prison behind it all makes it a interesting base. This is also a good job because, in addition to the basic premise, the film does not have a "plot" to start with and we rely exclusively on the interaction between the characters to keep things interesting. The horror in the film is at times grotesque but it is never exaggerated, which could be the reason why this film is rarely remembered, released in a decade of excesses. The murders themselves are rather good and fanciful, however, and provide some important highlights. As the film goes on, we start digging more into the backstory of the ghost of the condemned to revenge and while it is quite interesting, some things about it make no sense and drag the movie a bit. Still, it all boils down to an exciting climax and overall I have to say that Prison is a film that is worth tracking down.
