"The Adventures of Barry McKenzie" began as a satirical comic in "Private Eye", written by Barry Humphries and based on an idea by Peter Cook. McKenzie ("Bazza" for his friends) is a lanky, noisy Australian, with caps whose two main interests in life are sex (although he never had any) and the Fosters lager. In 1972, he found his way to the big screen for the first of two releases. It must have been tempting to Humphries for the role of "Bazza", but he wisely left the job to Barry Crocker (later to sing the theme of the television soap opera "Neighbors"!). Humphries instead played multiple roles in the real fashion of Peter Sellers, in particular the overbearing aunt of Bazza "Edna Everage" (this was before she became a lady). <br /> <br /> You know that this will not be "The Importance of Being Ernest" when its NPA censorship classification stands for "No Poofters Allowed." A Pom-hating Bazza is told by a Sydney lawyer that, to inherit part of his father's will, he must go to England to absorb British culture, and with Aunt Edna in tow, he takes a Quantas flight to Hong Kong, and then to London An efficient customs official charges Bazza with duties customs on everything he bought over there, including a suitcase full of "Fosters lager tubes". As he says: "when it comes to robbing you, the Poms have the advantage over the gypos!" A skilled taxi driver (Bernard Spear) maximizes the rate by bringing Bazza and Edna first to Stonehenge, then to Scotland.The streets of London are dirty, and their hotel is a hovel run by a squalid owner (Spike Milligan) who has Bazza put in banknotes every twenty minutes. however good news for our hero; meets other Australians in Earls Court, and Fosters is on sale in British pubs. <br /> <br /> What happens next is a series of comic escapades that lead Bazza to act in his cigarette commercial, putting curry down his pants in the belief that it's some form of aphrodisiac, a bizarre encounter with Dennis Price as a pervert of the bourgeoisie who loves to be spanked while wearing a school uniform, a young conservative dance in Rickmansworth in a charity rock concert where his song speaks of "the" mess "(vomit) makes it almost a international star, and finally to the BBC TV Center where he pulls down his pants on a live talk show hosted by the same crumpet of the thinking man, Joan Bakewell. A fire breaks out, and Bazza's friends come to the rescue: the Fosters cans , urinating on the flames en masse. <br /> <br /> This is very different from later works by Bruce Beresford - "Breaker Morant" and "Guide Miss Daisy '. At the time of release, he was criticized by critics for because it is too vulgar. Well, yes, it is, but it is also excellent non-P.C. fun. 'Bazza' is a disgusting creation, but his taste for life is unmistakable, you can't help but appreciate the boy. His various euphemisms for urinating ('point Percy at the porcelain') and vomiting ('the Technicolor yawn') have passed in English without many people knowing where they came from. Other guest stars include Dick Bentley (as a detective chasing Bazza everywhere), Peter Cook, Julie Covington (later star of "Rock Follies"), and even the future art presenter Russell Davies. <br /> <br /> A sequel - the magnificent name "Barry McKenzie Holds His Own - was released two years later. At its first performance, Humphries took the opportunity to blow up the critics who saved the first film. Good for him. <br /> <br /> What was of most concern to him, though, was the release of "Crocodile Dundee" in 1985. There was also a lanky Australian who wore hats to fight to come to terms with a foreign culture. And he made tons of extra money. <br /> <br /> The song on the credits (played by Snacka Fitzgibbon) is magnificent, you have a love for a text that includes the joke : "If you want to send your sister into delirium, present her to Barry McKenzie!" It's time to finish this review. I have to go to the dunny to shake hands with the unemployed ...
