What we have here is a compelling piece of low-budget horror with a relatively original premise, a cast full of familiar faces AND one of the most convincing shooting locations in the history of horror movies. So ... could anyone tell me why this movie is so undervalued ??? "Prison" is the American debut of the Finnish director Harlin, which continues to be his best commitment although he has continued to make great successes such as "Die Hard 2", "Cliffhanger" and "Deep Blue Sea". The story takes place entirely in an ancient and deprecated Wyoming prison, reopened for the cause of over-population in other more modern state penitentiaries. Inside the former dungeons, the restless spirit of the last victim of the electric chair lingers around. The now promoted director Eaton Sharpe (Lane Smith) was there 40 years ago, when this innocent man was put to death, and the spirit still remembers his vile role in the unfair trial. It seems that the moment of revenge has finally arrived. Viggo Mortensen plays the good car thief who must prevent even more people and Chelsea Field is the human social worker who slowly reveals the secrets of the past. <br /> <br /> "Prison" contains over half a dozen memorable cold-blooded sequences but it's the unbearably tense atmosphere that will keep you for sure! Unlike any other horror image of that decade, "Prison" presents an extraordinary sense of realism! With this, I am referring to the authentic scenario and the mood within the prison walls, of course, and not to the supernatural murders that are committed ... even if they are really disturbing. The best parts of the film are images of realistic and difficult drama-prison sequences combined with visual chaos and shocking horror. The absolute best moment of terror (which has caused me nightmares ever since I saw it at a young age) focuses on a grotesque mortal struggle involving barbed wire. Spooky !! The script has only one flaw, but that's common ... almost inevitable, I imagine: cliché! History introduces almost every possible stereotype that surrounds the prison. We have the ugly, fat pervert with his cute little doll, the cowardly and racist guard avoids confrontation at all costs and ?? naturally ?? the wise old black man who lives all his life (did I hear someone shouting the name of Morgan Freeman?) Not fixing you blind on these clichés is my advice, since there are so many other elements to be admired. Photography is dark and moist, the mystery is sustained for a long time and successfully and the supporting secondary roles of class B actors are excellent (fans will recognize Tom Everett, Tom 'Tiny' Lister and even the immortal icon of Kane horror Hodder). Forget the terrible attempt of Wes Craven "Shocker" or the pathetic film of the genre "the Chair". This is the only prison chiller that is worth tracking down! Especially considering the popularity of Viggo Mortensen nowadays (I heard he starred in a successful franchise involving elves, hobbits and other fairy creatures ...) this true horror gem of the 80s wants to get a release Urgent DVD!
