I pulled down a VHS box from my vast collection - many unseen - and I chose a movie based on the box, I thought it would be fun, and yes, bad. The prison had that look of 80s cheese on that box. I sat down and looked, and behold! and here we are! We have found that sometimes we really sit in a movie with preconceived expectations in mind. Fortunately, I reversed mine quickly and soon realized that I was sitting not only for an ok movie, but for a pretty good film in total. The prison tells the story of an old dilapidated prison that is reopened to save on budgetary concerns. It looks creepy like everything empty and full of prisoners. The prison used as a set is incredibly suggestive and easily the most important character in the film. The story that uses the prison as a central scenario tells in a prologue of a man killed by the electric chair. We see Lane Smith as a guard: tearing a crucifix before sending man to his Creator. So let's go to the present day, first with a government council in a meeting that decides to open the prison and send a nice doctor to make sure the conditions are acceptable while fighting vigorously against the reopening of the old prison. Then we see the new guardian, Lane Smith, haunted by a nightmare in bed - and gave the new job to open a prison he has never been in for years. Well, the rest follows the example: prisoners and guards arrive with a lot of stereotypes that abound. We are given a certain depth of character and many of the prisoners are interesting characters. Acting is better than one might expect with Lane Smith doing a work as a worker as always. Viggo Mortenson is a very different and solid prisoner. Tom Everett, Tiny Lister and Ivan Kane really explore the boundaries of their stereotyped characters. Chelsea Field is fine as the female lead. The best interpretation is of Lincoln Kilpatrick, an actor of undervalued character, like Cresus - a prisoner who had been in that same prison years ago, when "the man" had been executed "with a sort of terrible secret. Something sliced ​​of bread or something, but certainly worth a look and certainly better than you'd expect.I was pleasantly surprised by the way director Renny Harlin created such a visually atmospheric story, rhythm and Harlin knows how to build his scenes There are some excessively shot gore scenes - the one with the barbed wire was a bit like the one with all the tubes, but these scenes are visually creative and interesting, uniformly decent, the script is much more cohesive than the one you usually gets from movies like these, which in part can be attributed to Irwin Yablans who wrote the story, remembering that he got the idea of ​​making Halloween scary I dare as a holiday. Here he is imprisoned much more frightening than he already is. Take a break in Prison (take it).
