There is a large amount of material from the comics and novels of Modesty Blaise that would be nice in a movie. Unfortunately, several attempts were made and the great potential of the character failed. So, no, this is not the modesty you know from the comic (currently reprinted in beautiful editions by Titan Books). This is Modesty about 5 or 6 years before the first strip, and from what you can put together from his back-story, it's accurate. <br /> <br /> Miramax had film rights to the character, with Quentin Tarantino as a lawyer and technical consultant. The first drafts of the Miramax project tried to adapt one of the best novels, but they always managed to leave out some crucial elements. Tarantino was unhappy with any of them and offered to remove his name from the project so they could proceed. For the merit of the study, they wanted to keep him in the process, since they knew he had "gotten" the character and his world. With film rights coming to an end, they decided to try a very different approach. The result was "My Name is Modesty", a small film directed at the video that introduces the character. <br /> <br /> The film does not feature Willie Garvin or Sir Gerald. These characters are important to Blaise's adventures during most of the published stories. What this film does is show the strength of the character alone. He never loses his composure, and never doubts that he is in command even unarmed in a room full of gangsters with guns. Most of the film takes place inside a casino, which has undoubtedly saved money on production. It does not matter. The film is not so cheap. On the contrary, it offers a fairly complete (and credible) retrospective for the character and shows how far he thinks in advance. If Miramax were to adapt any of the comic books or stories now, he arranged the character's background in a pleasant way and will not have to devote much time to his "origin". I realize that the words "Direct-to-Video" do not inspire confidence, but this film is worth a visit.
