If you're already a fan of Peter O'Donnell's wonderful books on Sixties Modesty Blaise, you'll really like this movie. If you've ever seen the "Modesty Blaise" movie from 1966, forget it! That was the field. This is the real Modesty Blaise. The story and the character are both faithful to the modesty that book fans know and love. It's a long way since the 1966 parody of Joe Losey, and takes our modesty seriously. Alexandra Staden is pretty good and believable in the part, and yes, we can see her kick. chuckles <br /> <br /> This is probably destined to be the first film of a series and as such is used to present Modesty, his childhood and his days with Lob. <br /> <br /> Since Peter O 'Donnell was the creative consultant of the film, everything seems really true. Even the story of O'Donnell told how he conceived the character, just like he said. After reading all the books, I liked the film even more for it. <br /> <br /> Now that Miramax has maintained their option on the property by having Quentin Tarrentino make this film, I hope to see more of the modesty stories soon. Especially since the wonderful character of Willie Garvin makes the character of Modesty really alive. To this end, I really hope that the film goes well in Europe. I have no idea if Miramax intends to distribute the DVD in the United States. I suspect it might not work so well in the United States in general distribution. I wonder how Miramax decides where and how to distribute his films. <br /> <br /> In the story, Modesty is in his early 20s, working at the Louche casino in Tangier. The flashback sequences have been artfully created and take Modesty for about 9 years, up to its current age in the film - around 21-22, I would say. I really don't think there's a "perfect actress" for Modesty. For many of us Modesty fans, it's already too powerful a presence in our imagination. Alexandra Staden is credible. She is very thin, graceful and poised. You have many close-ups. He has a pretty face - one that sticks to your mind after the movie is finished. According to the illustrator of O 'Donnell, Romero, modesty has rather a fuller figure than Staden's, but I am willing to ignore it. If Staden continues in the role, I think it will ripen - just as Modesty becomes more powerful and able when he gets older. Staden transmits the humor and absolute safety of Modesty very well. Go ahead and rent this movie, it's not like anything else you've seen and even though it was directed by Scott Spiegel, it's full of Tarrentino touches, great camera movements, lights and well-made action sequences.
