Absolutely tactical, strange (look at the extravagant moment of a beautiful dead blonde who acts as a tear-off doll for some rich people), useless but undoubtedly compelling late-night feature. This shocking French production is a stew of blatantly blurred ideas and random plot illustrations centering on its very charismatic (if somewhat anti-hero) stars Alain Delon and Charles Bronson. In reality they can't do much, especially during the central, confined and long part, where they hide in a building during the Christmas break to break a safe with 10,000 possible combinations. Oh fun! But this is when the strange, intriguing relationship between the characters of Delon and Bronson is formed. After a manipulative battle of wills (and maliciously childish games against each other), the two arrive at an understanding that sees them honor each other's involvement and have mutual respect. This would have continued to play an additional role in the tortuous second part of the story with that undetectable curve ball. Their meetings soon suggest that there is more, but what we get is vague and this is amplified by what happens? finish that could make you jump. YEEEEAAAAAHHHHHHHHH! I'm glad to get him out of the system. <br /> <br /> The rhythm is terribly slow, but placidly measured for this and this seems to be done on purpose to exhaust with its nervous stressed nervous tension. See how the same process is repeated over and over again, and you know that something is not right and intrigue eventually comes into play. Now everything that happens seems too spontaneous, but the achievement of the climax is obsessive. The tense and complex script is probably a little too clever for his own good, but there are some clean novelties (coins, glass and liquids that do not try to tip over) and visual symbolisms. Directed by Jean Herman is elegant and sophisticated, but becomes a bit artificial and infuses a welcoming atmosphere of ice. The FX sound has a more powerful appearance than the soundtrack of Francois DeRoubaix, which is kept mainly wrapped after the sparkling opening. The best drawers Delon (which is rather steel) and Bronson (a jovial twist) are solid, and work tremendously every time. Bernard Fresson considers attitude as the inspector who knows that there is more going on than what is being carried out. An attractive female cast can support Brigitte Fossey and Olga Georges-Picot. <br /> <br /> A cryptic, meaningless but refined drama, maintained by its two protagonists and by some strange inclusions.
