Short synopsis <br /> <br /> This film opens with the release of soldiers from the company of men. One of them pursues another with a strange pattern, the other repeatedly refuses. Later, they both get caught in an office building where they want to break a safe during the Christmas holidays. Hostility turns into playful jokes and then into a desperate struggle for survival (during the squabble they lose all the drinkable liquids, so it's really serious). With the torsos exposed, well constructed and well oiled, they plant a hole in a wall and finally manage to escape? only to find out that they have been betrayed and created by women. One is captured, the other remains free and is not given away by his companion. One last meeting, one last light for a cigarette, goodbye, you love me, goodbye, friend. <br /> <br /> I found it difficult not to see homosexuals in the two main characters, played by superstar of the classic man Alain Delon and Charles Bronson. They are obviously attracted to each other, their treatment of women is abominable and marked by contempt for everything. The whole story seems to have a strong symbolic undertow, a bit like Liberation. It is also very elegant. The safe that the two men want to break is in a ?? for the moment ?? ultra modern glass and aluminum tower. It is the home of an advertising company, so there are many fantastic posters and wall coverings around. The wardrobe is also very good. Is the ultra-stylish Citroen DS (perhaps the most modern and elegant car of all time) big in this movie ?? perhaps a subtle type of product placement. <br /> <br /> I can recommend this film only for the actor's performances. Delon and Bronson are really sharing the highest billing, in a way that struck me as very fair and sporty. Both make a significant amount of stunts. I've never seen Bronson better than here, he really does - and he speaks French everywhere, with a strong accent that he really buys very passably. And it is certainly the man himself that we listen to. (So ​​the French version is highly recommended). The police inspector who chases the two is played by one of my favorite Franch actors, Bernard Fresson who was Gene Hackman's partner on French Connection II. He is the best smart police inspector I know. Former child actress Brigitte Fossey is also very good at being the naive young woman who, apparently, is not as innocent as it seems at first sight. <br /> <br /> Anyone expecting the "old inside and out" of classic robbery films could be disappointed with this film, for those with a little patience it will be a rewarding experience, full of original ideas and originals and director's oddities, although he is a little too brutal and sadistic for his own interest.
