This is the first film by Jean Renoir Silent that I have seen and perhaps rightly so, given that it is generally considered his best, as well as also being his first major work. Overall, it's really a very safe and technically complete film that belies the fact that it was only the second year of Renoir's study. For the fans of the director, it is full of interesting ideas for Renoir's future films especially THE DIARY OF A CHAMBERMAID (1946) and THE GOLDEN COACH (1952) - in his depiction of a lower class femme fatale madly desired by various aristocrats who they dishonor themselves for her - but also THE RULES OF THE GAME (1939) - showing how in a sequence how the turbulent servants behave when their masters are turned back by them - and FRANCAN CANCAN (1955) - Nana is seen doing the dance scandalous at some point. Personally, I would say that the film is a respectable companion for G.W. PANDORA'S BOX (1928) by Pabst, THE BLUE ANGEL by Josef von Sternberg (1930) and LOLA MONTES (1955) by Max Ophuls in his vivid recreation of the sordid life of a courtesan. <br /> <br /> Having said that, the film was a resounding critical and commercial failure at the time of its release - a "mad enterprise" as Renoir himself cited in his memoirs which, not only personally cost him a fortune (in the end it lightened the consequent financial burden by selling some of his last paternal paintings), but it almost made him give up cinema forever! Stylistically, NANA is very different from Renoir's sound work and owes a special debt to the FOOLISH WIVES of Erich von Stroheim (1922), a much admired Renoir film - and, on a personal note, I really have to revisit soon (having owned the Kino DVD of it and the other von Stroheims for 4 years now). In any case, NANA is certainly not without its flaws: a decisive rhythm is felt during the overly generous 130 minutes of running with some sequences (the horse race around the central point in particular) that lasts too long. <br /> <br /> The overly polite acting style on display is also difficult to interpret at times - especially that of Nana by Catherine Hessling and Georges Hugon by Raymond Guerin-Catelain (one of his various suitors) ... although, technically, they are their characters, ie a bad actress (who takes the lifestyle of the courtesan when she is whistled from the stage) and a weak weakened, respectively. However, like Anna Magnani in THE GOLDEN COACH, Hessling (Renoir's wife at the moment, by the way) is not attractive enough to be very convincing as "the epitome of elegance" (as another admirer describes it in a phase) who is able to enslave every man he meets. Other notables in the cast are "Dr." Caligari "himself, Werner Krauss (as the most ardent devotee of Nana, Count Muffat), Jean Angelo (as an initially skeptical pretender but in the tragic end of Nana) and the distinguished future director Claude Autant -Lara (advertised as Claude Moore and also as art director here) as a close friend of Muffat, but who is secretly in love with the latter's neglected wife! <br /> <br /> The press I saw - through the " Collector's edition of Jean Renoir's 3 discs "by Lionsgate - is mostly restored and beautifully colored which had previously been available only on French DVD. Being based on a classic of French literature (by Emile Zola, no less), it can't to do without having been brought to the screen several times and the two most important versions of the film are Dorothy Arzner in 1934 (with Anna Sten and Lionel Atwill and which I own on VHS) and Christian-Jaque's in 1955 (with Martine Car ol and Charles Boyer, of which I am not familiar).
