I loved this movie. I totally disagree with some (negative) criticisms I have read over the years. This was a great vehicle for Eddie Murphy! He seems to have had a lot of fun with his part of Chandler Jarrell and should never worry about what the critics say if he enjoyed doing it ?? and most of his audience liked it! And, it was fun to watch, combining some great fantastic tensions with Mr. Murphy's great comic style. Do you have to keep in mind that "Golden Child" is a "fantasy" film ?? just an imaginative work of magic and wonder in the middle of the 'real' world. During the time this film was released, I was working in a video rental store. This was one of the most popular with all our customers. Every time, we put this on our monitor, ALL the copies we had shot fast with waiting list requests that kept it in line for months! Everyone who rented it loved it! I was the resident film critic and all my regulars would have asked my opinion before being rented ?? this was one of my favorites and I knew my customers' taste, so I recommended it to many of them. Do I really feel that this film is a sleeper ?? may not have worked too well at the box office ?? due to very poor marketing ?? but hit high in the video rental market and later purchases! (YES, I bought this movie for my video library!). Did I love the child who played the "golden child" ?? J. L. Reate - but after seeing his profile in IMDb, I noticed he never made any other films. He is sad, because he certainly had an aura on the screen and could have continued with a film career. I also adored Victor Wong, who played the Old Man (I loved him as "Egg Shen" in "Big Trouble in Little China" - 1986). However, this was a great film. The only drawbacks that didn't seem to go well with the theme were some of the parts that have a little more 'adult' in nature ?? like "Chandler's rather sexual remarks about the lady snake that was presented to him as a silhouette. It was fun, but it was still out of sync. OK, so there were some free and suggestive scenes ?? those were perhaps for the mind This was still a kind of adventurous and evasive movie that we need today to get away from all the hard core reality and the depressing fluff that we're hit by Hollywood in. That's entertainment!
