First of all, nobody can understand why this film is so badly evaluated. Not only is this the first real horrible movie in a long time for me that I'm quite hard boiled with a decade-long horror experience starting with driving dark rides (ghost trains) as a child. Secondly, the main actress Cheri Christian has a face that lets you hope that she will be the leading actress of the main images of the future. Thirdly, this woman is so extraordinarily beautiful that I suggest the directors to withdraw all of Cameron Diazes, Eva Mendezes, and why the names of these ephemeral incandescent light bulbs are. Mrs. Christian is not a light, but a sun. <br /> <br /> However, "The dark remains" is also of considerable metaphysical importance. They think that the photographs show creatures of the intermediate realm between reality and "imagination" that are not visible with their own eyes is not new. But I've never seen in a film before that those creatures are visible on the photographs only for certain people and only for certain times. This means that the photo is not just an iconic image of reality (through which reality becomes a sign), but becomes an alternative form of reality that can change like "real" reality. Being a sign, the change of the image means that it influences the objects photographed, ie the sign behaves like an object. Now, in our usual world of perception, it is normal for objects to change sign. F.ex., if someone cultivates a bird, his photograph will show him with a beard, not without, as he did before. But the opposite, the change of objects based on signs would imply that the photo with the beard is the first and only then does the beard grow on the man. This is, quite simply expressed, the case that happens with the photos taken by the protagonist of the prison, in this film. This is new, and we must be grateful for all that is new in horror films, which are usually limited to repeating and rearranging effects and features that are already well known, especially from the moment of silence.
