I always feel weird and guilty about saying it (because I'm a pretty educated non-teenager), but actually I like the Olsen twins, and I respect the movies they make, even though I've never really been their target audience. "When in Rome" was a traditional film by Mary-Kate and Ashley, complete with trips abroad, accents, motorcycles, romance for adults like a "B" plot, fashion orientation and even the gag reel beyond the end credits . I enjoyed myself. "When in Rome" and the other Olsen twins' movies never pretend to be something they are not; most of the time, they only have a video premiere and never claim to be the next "Citizen Kane" or "An Affair to Remember". The point is that people who watch this movie and expect it to be something other than another Olsen twin movie will be disappointed. <br /> <br /> Having said that, those who are fans of the Olsen twins will have a great time. For those of us who have watched them since the first episodes of "Full House", it's really nice to see them grow into more mature roles. This film provides important historical and geographical information, just like many of their other films (remember 10 Downing Street from "Winning London" and the visit to the Louvre from "Passport to Paris"?) In addition to providing good clean fun that can be enjoyed by the entire family. <br /> <br /> As long as I still feel like I'm on my soapbox, and as long as I can make it relevant to the movie, let me take a moment to challenge those who reject the Olsen twins: to be a fan of the Olsen twins, you don't have to be a Californian pre-teen "valley girl". In reality, this is not really the target audience. If it were, the MK & A clothing and accessories line would be run by Gap or a store like that, not at Wal-Mart. "When in Rome", while reciting "haute couture" and globetrotters and two girls from a Cali valley, it really isn't ... it's more about inspiring young girls who have the initiative to let him take seats. If this means setting the film in some fascinating foreign city with cute kids on a motorcycle, so be it. It's called marketing: take an idea and sell it making it attractive. At least they are sending a good message, even if the means seem a bit superficial. <br /> <br /> Basically, don't beat the movie until you've seen it, and then don't knock until you've tried to figure out what the Olsen twins do: encourage girls to be creative, intuitive and guided young women. This film does it, I think, just like the others. Children - have fun. Parents - do the same. If you like the Olsen twins, you won't be disappointed.
