This well-conceived and carefully studied documentary outlines the shocking case of the Chagos Islanders, who, between 1969 and 1971, were forcibly deported en masse from their homeland through the collusion of the British and American governments. Anglo-American politicians have chosen to do so because of their perception that the islands would be strategically vital bases for controlling the Indian Ocean through the projection of air and naval power. At a time during the Cold War, when most of the new independent post-colonial states were moving away from the western orbit, it seems that British and American officials felt rather than allowing the islanders to decide the fate of the islands. viable option. Instead they chose to carry out the wholesale forced removal of the native population. The film shows that no provision was made for the islanders at the time of their expulsion, and that from the quay of Mauritius where they were left, the displaced Chagossian community fell in three decades of deprivation, and in these new circumstances, besieged by homesick, suffered substantially accelerated death rates. <br /> <br /> After the passage of over three decades, however, in the last few months (and years), following the release of many absolutely damaging documents from the Office of the British public record (it is suspected rather than there was an error, and these documents would never have been made public), the consequent legal appeals by the Chagossian community in exile have seen the British courts systematically find in favor of the islanders and against the British State. As such, the surprising and disturbing conclusions drawn in the film can reasonably be regarded as demonstrated. Nevertheless, the governments of Great Britain and the United States have so far made no commitment to return the islands to what the courts have definitively concluded are the legitimate inhabitants. This is a very useful film for everyone to see, but it is an important film for the British and Americans to watch. Being silent in the face of these facts means being complicit in a really bad crime.
