Fighting against the death penalty is a just cause. Everyone who is sane in Europe would think so. In the United States everything is different. The film seems to show at a first stage that justice can be won against the racist bigoted death penalty that craves American justice. A young man is freed from death row thanks to a law professor who has returned to the defense for this particular case. But the film has a following. Justice in the United States is entirely governed by the goal of revenge. The judicial omission is the same regulated by revenge. A person in the local public office has a young man accused of false accusations. The public prosecutor's officer drops the charges after a while and the young man leaves free. But he loses his college scholarship and is castrated by some vengeful people for whom there is never smoke without a fire. He hides his shame and vows to get his revenge. But she also needs to satisfy her sexual needs, which are more mental than hormonal ones, but also stronger because they are mental and no longer hormonal and can only do so with girls. Apparently he works with another serial killer looking for the same kind of prey. One day the local policemen follow their intuition, guided by some vague circumstantial elements in the murder of a young girl, and arrest the young man we are talking about. They beat him and interrogated him for 22 hours with nothing but beatings and blows and phone books and guns and Russian roulette. He confesses. Sent on death row, he asks his grandmother to pick up the law professor in Massachusetts, who is the husband of the representative of the local prosecutor who falsely accused him a few years ago and revenge is in the balance. It will fail, but it shows that as soon as one in the line of justice, police work and other security forces break out of the line of absolute legality, an unjust act is accomplished that can ruin even the best prosecution case and that can feed the worst the most imaginable thirst for revenge. Loading someone onto circumstantial elements is just as bad as letting circumstantial elements ruin the work of the police or of justice. The best intentions on the part of the police are ruined by personal involvement and a vindictive intention, just as a person's life can be jeopardized by circumstantial elements inflated to the size of the evidence, which in turn will jeopardize the whole case being only circumstantial, therefore easily discarded, with a good lawyer. The film therefore reflects profoundly on the need to comply with standards and regulations along the lines of the police and justice if we do not want to make a mistake, which in turn does not justify the death penalty, since it goes against the deepest belief that the Americans should have: "We believe that these truths are self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain inalienable rights, that these include Life, Freedom and the search for happiness." (Declaration of Independence) Life is an inalienable right that has been given to man by his Creator, which means that no one, except the one who gave it, can take it away. Only God can take the life of a person. The death penalty is the arrogant appropriation of a power that we do not have. Even if we do not evoke God, we cannot justify the death penalty except as an act of revenge, and here the film shows that revenge is the worst possible motivation in surrendering justice and creating a public peace. If revenge is rejected, there is no other justification for this death penalty. And there can always be a mistake in that search not for happiness but for revenge. <br /> <br /> Dr. Jacques COULARDEAU, University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne, University Paris 8 Saint Denis, University Paris 12 Créteil, CEGID
