A Compelling Thriller !!, December 10th 2005 Author: littlehammer16787 of the United States <br /> <br /> Just Cause <br /> <br /> with: Sean Connery, Laurence Fishburne and Blair Underwood. <br /> <A liberal law professor, though kind-hearted, Harvard, Paul Armstrong, is summoned to Flordia Everglades by the unjustly convicted Bobby Earl. Confessing that the sadistic and carefree policemen retaliated and beat him to a pulp to obtain the confession of a macabre murder of an eleven-year-old girl. As he digs deeper into the mysterious case, he realizes that Bobby Earl is a victim of discrimination. That black police detective, Lt. Tanny Brown, from the small community is corrupt and mean. When the infamous and psychotic serial killer Blair Sullivan is introduced, he discovers that he knows the position of the murder weapon that massacred the child. When Armstrong discovers that there are clear coincidences of Sullivan's road trip through the small town and the letter he personally wrote. Bobby Earl gets a final. He is not released from prison and evades his horrible punishment. Everything seems to be going well until an unexpected phone call from the serial killer Sullivan is brought into focus. Armstrong discovers a terrifying double murder that seems to be Sullivan's parents. He loathes him immensely. Tulivan reveals to Armstrong the truth of the murder of Joanie Shriver and why he was brought here. It turns out that Bobby Earl is a psychopathic murderer and he really raped and killed Joanie Shriver. He just made a deal with the diabolical psychopath Sullivan. Get free so you can kill again for revenge. On Armstrong's beautiful wife and daughter. Now Sullivan is executed at his death. Armstrong and the good good boy Brown chases the evil villain in the Everglades to thwart him. When they arrive Armstrong learns that the psychotic patient Bobby Earl plans to kill his wife and daughter for a previous rape trial that inevitably caused him to endure agonizing pain and castration. But the good, virtuous policeman Brown emerges and hinders the brutal villain. He is stabbed and eaten by ruthless man-eating alligators. Paul Armstrong, Tanny Brown, his wife and daughter survive and live happily ever after. A good thriller that works. It provides both mystery and subterfuge. Reluctant blacks are perished by racist lawmakers. Condemned to unjust sentences. Although sometimes the innocent and friendly black man unjustly condemned may actually be the bad villain. Sean Connery is as big as the unsuspecting, holier than your hero. Laurence Fishburne is wonderfully unbelievable as the naughty, arrogant, but good cop. Underwood and Harris are as exaggerated and invigorating as malevolent psychotics. Capeshaw is okay. Rude Dee is as big as the tenacious grandmother. The rest of the cast is also wonderful.
