This is the fifth von Trier film I saw. I think he's the only director I gave such a high score in all his films. Four of them, The Element of Crime, Europe, Breaking the Waves and Dancer in the Dark, I gave a 10, and one, The Idiots, I gave a 9 (and I reconsidered whether to give him a 10 since I saw it for the first time, although I'd like to see it again before doing it). He was reprimanded for defining himself as one of the best work managers. I tend to agree with him. I can't blame him for being arrogant when he made such great films. In 50 years, when von Trier retires, he will be considered the most eminent film artist from Europe (perhaps from the planet), and there will be lessons taught in his name. It is simply the Bergman or Fellini of our time. Too bad the critics are too intrigued with themselves to realize it. <br /> <br /> Speaking of Europe itself, I admit that it was confused and that its narrative didn't seem strong. I think that's the point. This film was obviously intended to represent a nightmare, or the subconscious at some level. This is absolutely clear from the film's framing: Max von Sydow's narrative. We are hypnotized, or von Trier is hypnotized, and this is our / his subconscious mind. I am inclined to lean more in his mind, since the degradation of Europe concerns me, an American, very little. This shot is clear even if you've seen The Element of Crime, an even brighter movie than this (even if I discuss it in my mind, what Europe needs more than anything else is a correct DVD version, hopefully Criterion again, with remastered proportions and sound and image, so, I'm pretty sure, this movie would look as big as any other von Trier film). In The Element of Crime, the film begins with a hypnotist, this time we see on the screen, he is hypnotizing Fisher, a European detective who wants to get to the root of his mental anguish. The first words of that film are "Fantasy is good, but my job is to keep you on track". And every time Fisher, the narrator, comes off the track, the hypnotist punishes him and tells him to resume the story. He even laughs when a character is given a really silly and trivial line. Something along the lines of: "Do you understand the difference between good and evil?" The hypnotist laughs and says "Now, Fisher, he didn't really say that, did he?" <br /> <br /> So the key to playing Europa, almost a sequel to The Element of Crime, is that we are in the depths of von Treviri's subconscious, and that the symbols must be interpreted in ourselves and probably will be different for everyone. What does the train itself symbolize? Consider it internally and only afterwards discuss it externally. Europe is a great film, a masterpiece. I never got bored, even though I saw him at 3 am. The perfect time to look, actually, since it works in the logic of dreams.
