Plot: Max von Sydow's voice over narrator hypnotizes the protagonist (and audience) until 1945, when our protagonist, the young American ideologist Leopold Kessler (Jean-Marc Barr), just arrived in post-war Germany in 1945 to contribute the reconstruction of the damaged country. Uncle Kessler (Ernst-Hugo Järegård) provides Leopold with a job in the great railway company Zentropa, but soon Leopold falls in love with Katharina Hartmann (Barbara Sukowa); daughter of the owner of Zentropa Max Hartmann (Jørgen Reenberg). Leopold soon finds himself trapped in a network of corruption, exploited, losing his ideology, and is forced to choose between parasites or cholera. <br /> <br /> Mysterious, hypnotic, manipulative, noirish, obsessive, beautiful, and ugly. These are some immediate and grandiose descriptions that come to mind when one thinks of Lars von Trier's 1991 masterpiece, EUROPA; the last chapter of the trilogy of Europe. In the United States it was called ZENTROPA so that the public would not confuse it with Agnieszka Holland's EUROPE EUROPE in 1990 (similarly a drama of World War II). The trilogy of Europe also includes FORBRYDELSENS ELEMENT from 1984 and EPIDEMIC from 1987 (the infamous experiment that sold only 900 tickets in Danish cinemas). The trilogy deals with themes of hypnotism and loss of idealism, although the themes of this trilogy are not as essential as the images. In the opening movie of EUROPA we see a locomotive moving towards us while our unidentified narrator literally hypnotizes us: "On the mental account of ten, you will be in Europe, be there at ten, I say: ten". A metaphor for the ability of cinema to transport us into an unconscious dreamlike reality. <br /> <br /> EUROPE uses a strange but extremely effective visual style - the famous Russian director Andrei Tarkovsky is the main influence of Trier who says it all. It is a black and white film sometimes intertwined with red in the form of blood, a red dress, etc. According to some rumors this inspired Steven Spielberg to use the similar effect in SHINDLER'S LIST of 1993 (coincidentally another drama of World War II). Furthermore, Trier uses so-called Dutch angels and reinvents the background projection by adding separate layers of cooperation, but unlike the old Hollywood movies that have incorporated it for economic reasons, Trier uses it for artistic reasons. These strange-looking visual techniques performed with care emphasize that we are in a dreamlike reality, we are hypnotized; the universe of EUROPA is not real! EUROPE is often criticized for having burdened the advanced technique (such as multi-layered background projection) over plot and characters, but it is what critics have criticized for 2001 by Stanley Kubrick, the 2001 visual masterpiece: A SPACE ODYSSEY - nowadays it holds an obligatory place in all books on the history of cinema. <br /> <br /> EUROPE is also accused of historical inaccuracy. Apparently Trier assigns too historic a meaning to the terrorist group of the Nazi werewolves. According to various online sources it is correct (a fascinating topic - try to goofy yourself!), However the aims of Trier are neither educational nor accurate portraits. EUROPA is an endless nightmare. Leopold Kessler is hypnotized, so the universe that the public meets is a distorted reality. In the same way it shows how our memory deceives us - a 100% accurate reconstruction is a lie! Although the young public who lives in EUROPA is too young to have memories of the Second World War, we have a collective memory of them from various BBC documentaries, so these small inaccuracies really serve a purpose: they inform us that we are not in post-war Germany 1945 , but in the memory of Leopolds. <br /> <br /> All three chapters of the trilogy of Europe portray young ideologues with noble intentions forced into corruption and losing their ideological innocence. The ambiguous endings of FORBRYDELSENS ELEMENT and EUROPA show that ideologues remain trapped forever in their hypnotized realities. Before, during and after the shooting of EUROPA in 1990 in Poland, Lars von Trier and co-writer Niels Vørsel were extremely interested in the Second World War. Exhibition. It is full of extremely beautiful shots that capture the atmosphere of the spot-on period. A great example is the old Polish church (EUROPA was fired in Poland mainly for economic reasons) in the last act of EUROPA. As in 2001: SPACE ODYSSEY I think that EUROPA will receive the place that rightly deserves in the history of cinema. His method of weaving old clichés of love films and love stories is so unique, strange and completely different from anything you see in Hollywood today, or any other dream factory for that subject. <br /> <br /> EUROPE is an essential film in the Lars von Trier catalog. Some delete it as pure commercial speculation, but it would be catastrophic. It is right there with other Trier classics and semi-classics such as the 1984 FORBRYDELSENS ELEMENT, the 1993 RIGET TV series and the 2003 DOGVILLE series. It is a unique experience from before Trier took care of his actors and before the Dogme95 Manifesto. Watch it! "In the account of ten ..." 9/10
