I was barely aware of the historical period described in this Brazilian black comedy of 1971, but this does not mean that it was not accessible to me because the film makes it very clear. It is set in the 16th century in Brazil, where rival French and Portuguese colonizers are exploiting indigenous peoples as confederates in their battle to assert dominance. What is particularly interesting about the film is that it is made by the Portuguese from the point of view of the French. The hero is a nice French, the Portuguese are barbarians and the rest of the French is oppressive and greedy. The Portuguese producers of the film are objectives because, when everything has been said and done, we see that it makes no difference to those who take the side. It is a legacy overwhelmed by the environment in a time defined by the tribes in a net way. Enemies are made and perpetuated, and so, environmental integration never progresses. <br /> <br /> A French captured by the Portuguese is captured by an indigenous tribe, the Tupinambas, after slaughtering a group of Portuguese. The tribal shaman had predicted that they would find a strong Portuguese man to be cannibalized as revenge for the brother of the chief killed by Portugeuse's musket ball. Thinking that French is Portuguese, they believe they now have one. However, the French are granted a wild course in the village, sooner or later a wife is given, and assumes their usual appearance rather than her western clothes, or clothes. Another Frenchman arrives in the village and tells the tribe that their prisoner is really Portuguese, then assures the French incensed that he will tell them the truth when the French will find a secret treasure that another European has hidden nearby. <br /> <br /> I found the opening scene amusing, because its narration, appended to its contradictions on the screen, serves as a great satire, even if the film does not seem to want to keep that tone much more often. In reality it is not a terribly compelling film. The generous and essential local, the ferocious lifestyle and the mature native women make not only French, but also us, we forget every threat, and we have the feeling of him as a free man. It shouldn't be so hard to escape. Cannibalism is as weak as the cast's integral nudity, suggested as a substitute for the representative core of Pereira dos Santos' dry comic on the New World mythology and the undeveloped social coherence. In any case, this social commentary of the 1500s, filmed on the spot in a bay with 365 islands, played almost completely naked and almost entirely written in Tupi, encourages an effective distribution of the established ways that are current because they are repeated for centuries.
