After a love triangle story in Har Dil Jo Pyaar Karega, these 3 stars were again chosen in this controversial film. The film would have been considered a success if there had been no controversy with the production values ​​of Bharat Shah. Here the pair of directors Abbas-Mustan did a very different and unique job compared to their previous and subsequent directing adventures. They are considered producers of Bollywood thrillers. But in this CCCC they have shown that they can handle a romantic family drama in the same way. There's hardly a single action scene when Preity was raped by Salman's colleague in his apartment, Salman slapped him. <br /> <br /> The film has almost all the standards and ingredients like song, story, casting, performance etc. which are needed to make a hit movie. But obviously for the Salman fan this was something of a surprise gift from him. Why? Because for so long ago he has roles in which he has a scene to show his open body and dance all around. His role as a rich young businessman who has a meaningless nature and normal attitude is truly impressive. After all, Madhubala, a prostitute role played by Preity is surprising. Later, when she too realizes her life, she deserves the right attention. Her facial expressions and body language become more attractive and focus mainly on her. Her previous role as a pregnant woman in Kya Kehna was not as touching as she is here. Of course, this can be defined as an improvement. Then Priya, a very innocent and defenseless wife of Raj, who depends only on him for a better result. It has no powerful influence in history since the main ingredients are in the hands of Preity. <br /> <br /> Finally, the main point of the story is something rare and unique in itself. In the real world of this age it is not entirely impossible for such a step to take place in search of a surrogate mother. Perhaps, many are happening in this great world where they are kept secret. And in this way the CCCC screenwriter discovered a hidden truth that is occurring in other daily lives. But still then it is a doubt.
