CCCC is the first beautiful Bollywood film of 2001. When I saw the movie trailer for the first time I thought it would be a good family film. I was right. Salman Khan gave is the strongest performance ever. My family didn't love him too much, but after watching this movie, my family was very impressed with him. Rani and Preity are wonderful. The film will be a great success due to the three main stars. <br /> <br /> It's about Raj (Salman Khan) and Priya who meet and fall in love. They get married and go to Switzerland for their honeymoon. When they return, Raj and Priya discover that Priya is pregnant. Raj's family is full of joy when he discovers Raj dada (Amrish Puri) above all. Raj and his family play cricket one day and Priya has an accident that causes Priya to have an abortion. Raj has a close family friend who is a doctor, Balraj Chopra (Prem Chopra). He tells Raj and Priya that he can no longer have children. Raj and Priya keep this silence from the family. Raj and Priya decide to go for surrogacy. The surrogacy for them is that they will find a girl and Raj and that girl will have a child together and then pass the child to Raj and Priya. Raj finds a girl. His name is Madhubala (Preity Zinta). She is a dancer and a prostitute. Raj tells her the situation and corrupts her with the money and she agrees. Raj changes Madhubala completely. Raj tells Priya that he found a girl. Madhubala and Priya meet and become friends. They go to Switzerland to do this, so nobody finds out. Priya spends the night in a church and Raj and Madhubala are alone and spend the night together. The doctor confirms that Madhubala is pregnant and everyone is happy. Raj tells his family that Priya is pregnant. They are happy again. Madhubala comes to love Raj and she wants it. What happens next? Look at CCCC to find out. <br /> <br /> The only thing I didn't like about the movie is their idea of ​​surrogacy. They should have done it the right way in the film but it didn't ruin the film. It was still excellent. <br /> <br /> The songs in the film are fantastic. My favorites are "Chori Chori Chupke Chupke", "Dekhne Walon Ne", "Deewana Hai Yeh Mann" and "Mehndi". The song "Mehndi" is very colorful, in that song shows the ghod bharai that takes place and is very colorful The film deserves 10/10!
