The prolific and very influential director, Martin Scorsese, examines a selection of his favorite American films grouped according to three different types of directors: the director as an illusionist: D.W. Griffith or F. W. Murnau, who has created new editing techniques, among other changes that have further advanced the aspect of sound and color; the director as a smuggler: directors like Douglas Sirk, Samuel Fuller, and especially Vincente Minnelli, directors who used to mask rebellious messages in their films; and the director as iconoclast: those filmmakers who attack civil remarks and social unrest like Orson Welles, Erich von Stroheim, Charles Chaplin, Nicholas Ray, Stanley Kubrick and Arthur Penn. <br /> <br /> It shows us how the old Hollywood study system was, although overwhelming, how filmmakers progressed in the middle due to the way they were constrained by political and financial limitations. During his clips taken from the films he shows us, we not only discover films that we have never seen before to arouse our interest, but we are also forced to see what he sees. Evaluate his stylistic sensitivity together with the directors of the sequences themselves. <br /> <br /> The idea of ​​a film has been reputed to be snobbish, so some fans and film critics prefer to simply make "lists". However, canon simply means "the best" and canon film advocates claim that it is a valuable activity to identify and experience a select collection of "best" films, much like a greatest hits tape, if just like an initial direction for film students . All in all, their experience has shown that all the writings on the film, including reviews, work to build a movie license fee. Some cinematographic canons can certainly be elitist, but others can be "populist". For example, the Internet Movie Database's list of the 250 best-selling films includes many films included in various cynics of "elitist" films, but also presents recent Hollywood hits to which many "elitists" of movies make fun of, such as The Dark Knight , which currently mingles among the top ten in the first two films of the Godfather, Schindler's List and One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest, and the fluctuation of similar productions lower down such as Iron Man, Sin City, Die Hard, The Terminator and Kill Bill: Vol. 2. Scorsese screenwriter Paul Schrader's taxi driver referred directly to his canon as "elitist" and claims that this is positive. <br /> <br /> Scorsese is never particularly explicit about its social and political ideologies, but when we see this intense and openly obsessive history lesson on the birth and growth of American cinema in both ideological realms, we see that there is There really is no particular virtue in either elitism or populism. Elitism concentrates all attention, recognition and therefore power over those considered exceptional. This discrimination could easily lead to self-indulgence much in the vein of the condescending work of Jean-Luc Godard or in oversizing the production practices of a filmmaker like Michael Haneke. Yet populism invokes the belief in representative freedom as if it were only the affirmation of the popular will. As previously stated about the overarching misunderstandings that people have of cinema, populism could be the end of the potential power and impact of cinema. One can only continue to watch films, because it is a vital social and metaphysical practice. And this is what Martin Scorsese spends almost four hours trying to tell us, something that cannot be told without being seen first hand.
