When the British Film Institute asked Martin Scorcese to create the American part of the Century of the Cinema series, he took the opportunity with both hands. A personal journey through American films is a fascinating, ample and, as the title suggests, a very personal look at Hollywood cinema. <br /> <br /> Does Scorcese's story primarily concern Hollywood directors ?? actors, producers, screenwriters and other collaborators hardly get a mention. From the beginning he states that for him the main conflict within the film industry is between the director's vision and the distributor's profit motive, between art and commercial profitability. It also opens with a clip of The Bad and the Beautiful by Vincente Minnelli, one of the first films to openly explore this contradiction. This determines the structure for the documentary. Scorcese looks at how the genres have darkened and the clichés have been challenged, how non-conformists have challenged the production code and how some directors have fallen on hard times when they dared to be different. However, Scorcese never falls into the trap of the auteurism of licentious directors who coherently compliment the masters of the study (praises praise of Cecil B. De Mille), or those who have a less recognizable style but are masters of cinema. <Br /> <br /> Scorcese does not necessarily focus on his absolute favorite directors (Orson Welles and Alfred Hitchcock, two of Scorcese's greatest influences, are mentioned only in passing). Instead, look at the people and movies you need to tell your story. For example, he shows us a series of films by John Ford to show how the West has evolved. Observe the work of Vincente Minnelli (probably the most often referenced director of the documentary) to show how a seemingly healthy genre like the musical can also have darker undercurrents. I can imagine that, if this job had not been limited to America, he would also have loved to talk about Scorsese, for example his Italian influences or his British hero Michael Powell. As it stands, does he extend the definition of American films to include both Hollywood films by immigrant directors such as FW Murnau, Billy Wilder and Douglas Sirk, and the work of American-born directors who have been produced elsewhere? like that of Stanley Kubrick. <br /> <br /> Rather than chronologically narrating the history of Hollywood, Scorcese compares films from various eras to address various topics. In his section on the language and tools of cinema, he starts with DW Griffith, looks at the advent of sound, color and widescreen and inevitably ends up overcoming the effects generated by the computer which, even if Scorcese does not love them, is even delivered enough to include clips of George Lucas and Francis Ford Coppola defending them. However, it does not simply end the chapter here as if it were the end of it. Instead, it rewinds in the 1940s, to show how a low-cost horror like The Cat People can achieve effective results from the simplest and cheapest elements. <br /> <br /> A personal journey through American films must be one of the best documentaries made. There were a number of prominent directors and executives that I would never have discovered without, and even the most knowledgeable of cinephiles would probably have found something new in its broad reach. Scorcese has also restored balance with forgotten or undervalued images. I was pleased to see that when he talks about Kubrick in his chapter "Iconoclasts", he looks at Lolita and Barry Lindon, for me his two most undervalued films. Scorcese's respect for the medium is on display in the way it allows clips to play completely, rather than just giving us little bits, and interrupts them with talking heads (a combination of archive and new interviews) only when it's needed. There is a bit of prejudice against the 40s and 50s, but this is not surprising since it is the era in which Scorcese grew up and discovered cinema. After all, I don't think this documentary could have been made without a personal journey. <br /> <br /> A warning though, in his in-depth look at certain photos, this documentary contains quite a few spoilers.
