The interesting aspect of "The Apprentice" is that it shows that the traditional job interview and the curriculum do not necessarily include teamwork skills, task dedication and job performance. And they certainly don't reveal any hidden agenda. In other words, a good indicator of the potential could be to see a candidate in action who is the point of "The Apprentice". People who compete for a business position can deliver a sugar-coated resume and wear their best personality suit for the interview, but these are not necessarily the best indicator of strength, weakness and performance. <br /> <br /> In short "The Apprentice" involves 16 job seekers for the latest career opportunity: a position in real estate investment company Donald Trump. "The Apprentice" refers to the winner who will win a paid position, learn the art of making high stakes deals from the boss himself and, presumably, get the first corporate connections. The position is a dream that becomes reality for those who want to earn more money than the GDP of some foreign countries. To attract candidates, Trump showcases his private jet, his luxurious private apartments full of statues and works of art, his limousines, his ties to celebrities and other aspects of the life of a billionaire magnate. <br /> <br /> the road to success is not easy. The group is divided into two teams that challenge each other. Each has a name with a corporate sound, like Versacorps and Protégé Corporation. The teams are assigned activities that involve an entrepreneurial enterprise such as the creation of advertising, the sale of goods or negotiation. The teams select a project manager who provides leadership and organizational skills to complete the task. If they win, the manager receives a lot of credit, especially in the eyes of the final arbitrator. If they lose, the manager can also become the scapegoat. Some of the tasks are monumentally difficult with only a day or two to complete. The activities may involve the creation of a television commercial or a print ad. Others may involve selling at a point of sale or on the street. <br /> <br /> Tasks highlight the best and worst of the participants. They often immediately show who is the most reliable, who is the most reliable and who works hard. And the tasks also expose who is not a good team player, who is inefficient and who seems only for himself. The activities invariably reveal unexpectedly the strengths and weaknesses of the participants and in particular of the project manager. The way in which the manager communicates with the team, delegates work, organizes time and sets certain goals will largely determine the outcome, but does not necessarily predict the winner. <br /> <br /> The most significant aspect of someone's potential is when he or she is assigned as a project manager. Their true abilities, unlike their self-propagated abilities, immediately show through the coating that cannot be hidden by a $ 100 silk tie or a nice makeover. The qualities and / or weaknesses of leadership often become painfully obvious after a few minutes. Those who promote themselves as first-class leaders are not always as strong when they are placed in a leadership situation in real life. It is always easier to "rub your horn" than to actually engage in leadership. Project managers, even those of winning teams, often do not formulate a cohesive strategy. They often believe that diving from the deepest part to complete the task in the first minute rather than taking some time to organize and discuss how the task will be completed will be more efficient. Most of the time, the members of a little strategist team run around like headless chickens who understand it as they go along, and in the long run end up losing much more time. <br /> <br /> The winning team gets a taste of high life, like dining in an exclusive restaurant, flying in a private jet and / or meeting a celebrity. The losing team arrives in the terrible meeting room where Trump hears the stupid excuses of the members and takes one or more competitors as pieces of a chessboard with the now infamous "You're fired". Often, the project manager is considered partially responsible for the loss of the team and could be the target of Trump's accusatory rhetoric. Every week, at least one person becomes a victim of the losing team. <br /> <br /> My least favorite aspect of "The Apprentice" is the meeting room. While the tasks themselves highlight the strengths and weaknesses in the candidates, the meeting room often brings out the worst. Unfortunately, the rules of the game insist that there is a winning team and a losing team, even if the competition was close. The members of the losing team blame each other, often without scruples, whose fault it is. And sometimes more than one person is fired. I rarely see a candidate with insufficient performance take responsibility for his actions in the meeting room. Kristi Frank and Kwame Jackson were probably the only candidates who took full responsibility for his team's losses and received no recognition for this selfless act. For me, Kristi Frank and Kwame Jackson had the utmost integrity of all the candidates. However, Trump saw Kristi weak and fired, claiming he wasn't fighting alone, which could mean he values ​​the ego more than integrity. No one should sacrifice their integrity for this. Kristi Frank may not have become the apprentice but can live with herself knowing that she does not blame others unfairly. Isn't it worth as much as "winning"? <br /> <br /> The strength of "The Apprentice" is also its weakness. As the team's performance is rigorously assessed by winners and losers, other assessment opportunities are overlooked. Except for huge gaps between winning and losing teams, sometimes a losing team exemplifies a high standard of teamwork and efficiency. I've seen losing teams sometimes look better organized than the winning team. We Americans are so often obsessed with winning and losing that we often neglect excellence.
