In this pool, this pond, there are water lilies and there are frogs. Frogs sit on water lilies. The frog and the water lily have a parasitic relationship. Marie (Pauline Acquart) is a water lily, a swimming groupie synchronized with a crush on Floraine (Adele Haenel), a frog, the captain of her team. Floraine's teammates eschew their leader because the blonde with excessively shapely and well-proportioned shapes conveys a loose personality that betrays the mentality of the conformist and the discipline of the synchronized swimmer. But Floraine has a secret; the bomb has a bomb, which "Naissance des pieuvres" reveals to the public, visually, before confiding in Marie. <br /> <br /> Floraine never went, as they say, to the end, with a boy. <br /> <br /> At a party, we see a double image of the burgeoning sex bomb that controls her makeup in a bathroom mirror. "Lolita" is a morgana fairy. Marie discovers Floraine's double while her imitation breaks the heart of the water lily. As the frog crosses the flies' movements caught for the sake of guise, it gets chummy with the water lily when no one is watching. In the most surprising scene of the film, the water lily agrees to lend a hand to the frog to lose its virginity through the mechanical act of oral stimulation. Floraine wants the kids to like her, but she doesn't like boys, apparently, but it's more important for the frog to be popular. When the water lily finally kisses the frog, the frog remains a frog. The frog cannot turn into a water lily, or a princess, because the water lily has lost respect for the frog. After unlocking her lips, Floraine tells Marie: "See, it's easy," which is the frog's way of equating their kiss with the orgasm that her friend gave her as nothing but a rite of passage without no constraint. Floraine's beauty is a burden. You have the weight of meeting the boy's expectations. Florence uses Marie for one last adventure before her fairy fairy subdued her imitation in the closet. <br /> <br /> The other water lily, the other frog, Marie Anne's best friend (Louise Blachere) and the frustrated little girl of Floraine Francois (Warren Jacobs), just like any water lily and frog, also has a parasitic relationship. While Floraine uses Marie for love, Francois uses Anne for sex. But this is life; this is the betrayal of growing up, in which even a friend will become a good friend if the opportunity arises to go up the food chain. In a McDonald's, the water lily scolds the other water lily after having bathed for a long time in the glow of the frog. Physical beauty is a currency. Marie gets to call the shots because Anne, although not ugly, is overweight and has an unflattering hairstyle. Anne tries to react using her breasts as extensive retaliation (Happy Meal's magnifying glass incidentally comments on Marie's flat chest), but the tadpole (Marie thinks it's better than Anne, better than a water lily) points out that the her breast is a by-product of fat. <br /> <br /> Teenage girls can be brutal to each other. <br /> <br /> Subsequently, in the final shot, "Naissance des pieuvres" suggests that Marie also has a double, and this symbiosis between water lilies has the potential to become parasitic in the near future, if they are not already. Teenage girls can be brutal to each other in a way that no boy could match.
