Water Lilies is a first film well done by France on sexuality and friendship of young women. Sciamma works with specialized, slightly sanitized material, which is a bit daunting for others. The film focuses exclusively on three middle-class teenagers in an orderly Paris suburb. Their lives revolve around a large indoor pool, where two of the three are part of a synchronized water ballet team. <br /> <br /> Such distractions as parents, siblings, work and school have been clearly erased from the equation. Central sensitivity belongs to Marie (Pauline Acquart), attractive and surly, but who is not part of the team, but thinks she would like to be. Marie adores Floriane (Adèle Haenel), a charming blonde and standout team that the boys are after. This distracts Marie from her former best friend, also a member of the rather plump water ballet team (Louise Blachère). Being less special, Anne is more accessible to children. Floriane, like this film, promises a little more than what it really offers. Marie has the most essential quality for a teenage girl: she suffers from within. Flroiane does not suffer as much as a jump in situations and then does the bolt. <br /> <br /> Marie is dazzled by the glamor of the water ballet and Floriane. Floriane takes the opportunity to make Marie her slave first and a cover for her assignments, then, without other friends, her confidant. All the other girls think that Floriane is a whore, an illusion that encourages men and boys she teases, because she leads them. She suffers the fate of the beautiful girl of not being a person but an object, and she cannot resist the validation that the boys give her wanting to kiss her and lie down, but she doesn't really care about any of them and knows the entanglements with them are a trap . Enlist Marie to act like her friend so that her (invisible) mother won't know she's going to meet the boys, but she also gets Marie to save her from the boys later. At first it seemed the opposite, but Floriane needs Marie as much as Marie thinks she needs her. Anne remains with her discomfort for her body and the desire to fuck that is healthier and more real than the other girls. <br /> <br /> Keeping the entire external context at bay, Sciamma can highlight subtle changes in the delicate equation of the three girls' goals and interactions. On the other hand, the film's water madness, which includes a lot of rain and spit and swimming shots under water, makes him feel completely airless at times and some of his 95 minutes don't pass that fast. Fortunately, the film has a sense of humor and lets the trio sometimes forget its ever-present goals and evasions and does nothing but silly and useless things. These are the unusual moments that give life to the film; pity that there are no more. But Sciamma has the courage of its obsessions and what remains as one that comes out of the theater are the personalities and their dynamics. Along the way, of course, it is pleasant to watch the swimming and watch the girls, who understandably love to look at themselves. <br /> <br /> There is no great revelation or drama on the road, but things get a little more interesting when it emerges that Marie not only admires but really wants Floriane and is jealous of her boyfriends - which Floriane always has stops before they go all the way. In a typical irony of this kind of plot, Floriane really decides she wants to have her first real sex with Marie - but Marie is the one who resists, because she knows she won't have the meaning for Floriane that she will have for her. When it happens, it's a shy and mechanical thing. Meanwhile Anne has a big crush on Francois (Warren Jacquin), a male swimmer, but of course she's looking for Floriane. The boys are not an element that has been taken away and there are always several dozens of them ready by the pool or on the dance floor, but they are only bodies and faces, available studs.
