The meaning of the French title of this film, "La Naissance des Pieuvres" which literally means "The birth of the octopus", is rather obscure, so perhaps it is not surprising that it was marketed in English-speaking countries as "Water Lilies" ". "lilies" of the English title are three teenage girls, Marie, Anne and Floriane, who are members of a synchronized swimming team based in the suburbs of Paris, and the film is a drama about "coming to age" on the development of their first sexual feelings. <br /> <br /> A feature of the film, perhaps unusual for a film of this type, is that it focuses exclusively on the relationships between the young people themselves, we see nothing of their parents or their teachers, and very little of the adult world. The three girls are very different in appearance, and are portrayed as being of a very different character. The shy and withdrawn Marie is skinny and petite and seems to be the youngest of the three. Anne is a kind of sem plice Jane, Floriane a charming blonde who is very popular with boys. The three, along with a handsome swimmer named Francois, are involved in what could be described as a quadrilateral of love. Anne has fallen in love with Francois, but is in love with Floriane, who seems to return her affections, even though she is not at all his only male admirer. In fact, not all Floriane's admirers are male, because Marie has a crush on her attractive friend. The film shows the way their friendship develops; at first it seems that Floriane simply uses Marie as a convenient excuse when in fact she goes out to meet the boys; her parents allegedly oppose her boyfriends, but have no objection to her going out with her friends. Later, however, we realize that, despite Floriane's image as the sexy and popular girl who is always the center of male attention, she actually reciprocates Marie's feelings. The film reverses some conventional stereotypes about sexuality. Anne, with her short hair and rather large figure, looks typically "butch", yet she is the only one of the three main characters who is unequivocally heterosexual, while the more traditionally feminine female and the glamorous Floriane are lesbians, or at least bisexuals . <br /> <br /> Finishing films are quite common, even though most tend to avoid the controversial topic of adolescent lesbianism. "Water Lilies", however, deals with the theme in a sensitive way, with three excellent performances by its three main actresses, Pauline Acquart, Adele Haenel and Louise Blachere. The relationships between the characters, in particular that between Marie and Floriane, are complex and capable of a series of interpretations. (Floriane, for example, does she simply use Marie to have sex, or does she genuinely have romantic feelings for her? Could Floriane's bad behavior with Francois and the other boys just be a gimmick to hide her lesbian feelings from the outside world? Hide them from herself ?) This was the first film made by his young director Celine Sciamma (only 27 at the time); on this basis it must be considered as a very promising newcomer. 7/10
