This is child's play; many Trek fans don't rate it as high as the well-known classic episodes of all time because they lack the deep or subdued meaning of really big ones, but this is so well executed for what it is, so much success as pure entertainment, it makes always my personal list of the first half dozen episodes, no matter what mood. Many well-known films of the future ("Westworld") and television programs (the most bland "Fantasy Island") were inspired by the premise of this episode (so, of course, the TNG show renewed the concept with holodeck technology ). Beautifully filmed (particularly evident in the restored and DVD version) and direct, it takes place in the beautiful setting similar to a park on a planet to which the Enterprise has just arrived. It is strange that no animal life, not even insects, seems to exist here (as flowers are pollinated, for example), but things get really weird when landing party members start to see people from their past (Kirk has a past very heavy, it turns out), as well as the figures of other well-known fantasy stories. Sulu even finds an old-fashioned police revolver (adding to his sword collection, no doubt). At this point in the Trek series (halfway between the first and the first season), the main characters had practically solidified in the old friends that we would have learned about during the many years of the proceedings. Here, we can see them really relaxed, conversing and working together to understand the puzzle of this episode: the strong narrative is again a mystery, of sorts, and the audience is ready for the ride while Kirk and friends try to unravel a bizarre series of events that have a very fun taste for them. It is almost a whim, following the carefree style of the starship as Kirk is finally maneuvered into a ray of sunshine after showing precise signs of stress and fatigue (the Enterprise had, he suggested, just completed a heartbreaking mission). Then Dr. McCoy is killed by a horseman on horseback; yes, this is Dr. McCoy's final episode ... I'm kidding. But it's not a joke for the rest of the landing party at this point in history. McCoy is really dead to all effects and, like the best Trek episodes, the second half of this adventure turns into a more frenetic and desperate rhythm of action and suspense. All this is signaled by Kirk's resolute response to Sulu, who expresses his lack of understanding of these events immediately after McCoy's death: Kirk will come to the end of all this, what will happen. <br /> <br /> But, it's not much easier for Kirk: what follows is probably the longest hand-to-hand fight staged for the series, while Kirk struggles with his nemesis from the times of his academy, a struggle that seems to take place on half of the planet. Still, this is counterbalanced by scenes of extraordinary tenderness, with another of Kirk's past acquaintances. This episode handles the range of all human experiences, rather suited to the light of what we learn about the real purpose of this strange planet. It is gratifying that the script really explains everything that happened, as opposed to some nonsensical approach that permeates many other fantasy and science fiction series with similar plot lines (unexplained appearances by people who could not be there). And actually there is a subtext to the story - that we humans need to "work" on our tensions and fatigue in a particular way, or we just don't work "normally". Also, notice the appearance of the very cute Yeoman Barrows and the sudden absence of Yeoman Rand, who did not return until Trek's first film in '79. I think after this episode, even more Trek fans couldn't wait for the next appearance of all their favorite characters. But I leave this episode with a final, perhaps tantalizing thought: if McCoy had been killed (verified by Spock), how do we know that it was our real McCoy who had teleported to the ship? Perhaps this explains why this McCoy was still inspecting spaceships about a century later and got along very well with Data.
