Probably one of the first examples of a follow-up to a dramatic and suspenseful episode (in this case, the superb Balance of Terror) with a lighter affair, Shore Leave is the first real attempt on behalf of the Star Trek writers to produce a piece more fun than science fiction, and even if the formula is not yet exact in this voice (the real triumph is Trouble with Tribbles, in the second season), the laughter comes rather quickly as long as the spectator is willing to tolerate all the stupidity. <br /> <br /> Deviating from the tradition of the show, the Enterprise is not in a proper mission in this episode. Instead, Kirk found a perfect planet for his crew to spend some free time: a well-deserved break after three months of incessant work. The Earth-like planet (a fact related to the budget) is very tempting, but it only takes a few minutes before something strange happens: Dr. McCoy starts having visions of a white rabbit that seems to come straight out of Lewis Carroll's work. Soon, other people begin to experiment with similar things: a woman meets a character similar to Don Juan, Sulu has a meeting with a samurai, and Kirk faces a double encounter with the past, in the form of almost love and the boy who used to catch him at the Academy. Throw a strangely realistic-looking tiger, and it's easy to see why Kirk and Spock are determined to understand what's going on before someone gets hurt. <br /> <br /> The idea is classic: the idyllic place turns out to be far from paradise. The humorous argument of the episode on the subject is quite effective, if it were not for an obscure turn of events that does not fit well with the rest (of course, everything still works well and comes to an end) and the general reluctance of the cast to show a more fun side of themselves (in particular, and ironically, the exhilarating William Shatner). Yet Shore Leave deserves to be recognized as another good example of writers who try new things never seen before: the definition of Star Trek's success. <br /> <br /> 7.5 / 10
