Another episode of childhood that, as an adult, I look back with a different perspective. This was one of my favorite childhood episodes, one that really cemented my adoration for this show. However, watching this episode after 20 years, I would say that it is certainly one of the lightest, played to laugh and have fun, instead of the dramatic and well constructed plots in the previous episodes in this, their first and best season. Perhaps this episode was also written for a small R & R fan! As Mr. Spock would say, the story is not logical, but there are some funny lines like, of course, the last of Mr. Spock at the end - when he asks Captain, McCoy and others if they liked their R & R and they answer in the affirmative, he raises an eyebrow and says "Charming ..." just the way Mr. Spock could do it. An interesting plot, of course, the idea of ​​an amusement park actually fun (instead of the fake and often annoying "fun" of Disneyland, for example), being able to realize one's desires in reality. Really, a great idea but not so well executed. And coming from Theodore Sturgeon, another of the great SF story writers they used in season one, one wonders how a little mess was made of the script that was transformed by Sturgeon. <br /> <br /> Now, here's a bit of curiosity I learned on this site: in 1987, James Gunn founded the Theodore Sturgeon Award for best science fiction short film. And I'll quote the rest from this site: In 1968, {Sturgeon} wrote "The Joy Machine", a third script for the Star Trek TV series {Amok Time the other}, which was never shot. The main reason it wasn't used in the series is that it contained expensive sequences of special effects that would have been too much for their budget. However, the script was adapted into a book by the science fiction writer James Gunn (Star Trek # 80, The Original Series) and published by Pocket Books in 1996. <br /> <br /> Summarize this episode is still a lot of fun, especially if you don't think about it too much. Just laugh and have fun and the next episode we can go back to serious things to protect the universe.
