Hollow Man begins as a brilliant but imperfect scientist, Dr. Sebastian Caine (Kevin Bacon), who finally solves things to make things visible again after being made invisible by his own serum. They test the serum on an already invisible Gorilla and it works perfectly, Caine and his team of assistants celebrate, but while he should signal the turning point to his military supporters, Caine wants to be the first invisible human being. He manages to convince his team to help him and the procedure works well and Caine becomes invisible, however when they try to bring him back the serum fails and remains invisible. The team desperately seeks an antidote but nothing works, Caine slowly begins to lose its grip on reality as he realizes what power he has but is unable to use it trapped in a laboratory. But then he's invisible again, he can do whatever he wants ... <br /> <br /> Directed by Paul Verhoeven, I rather liked Hollow Man. You know it's just after Christmas, I saw him a few hours ago at late night / early morning via cable TV and, above all, I feel sick, not because of the film, but because of the chocolates and sparkling pop I've had in the past week so I'll keep this short. The script by Andrew W. Marlowe has a decent pace, but drags a bit in the middle and has a good central premise, it takes the basic idea that being invisible will make you crazy just like in the original The Invisible Man (1933) film that Hollow Man obviously needs quite a bit. He manages to have a mixture of horror, science fiction and successful action and offers good entertainment value for 110 odd minutes. I thought the character was okay, I thought some of the film's ideas were good, although I think it's generally known that Verhoeven doesn't deal with subtlety, the first thing the invisible Caine do has is sexually harassing his team and then, when he enters the outside world, Caine has raped a woman with the justification "who knows" that Caine tells himself. Then of course there is blood, it shows a mouse that is torn to pieces and this is just the opening scene after the end credits, to be honest with him the violence is a little more sparse this time, but it still has a rather unpleasant and sadistic tone about it. Having said that I love horror / gore / exploited movies, so Hollow Man offers for me, it's just that it might not be everyone's cup of tea. <br /> <br /> Director Verhoeven does a great job, or should be the special effects guys make it look good. The special effects in Hollow Man are truly spectacular and more or less impeccable, they are brilliant and it is simple and direct. There are also some good sets of horror and action even if the climate struggle is a bit exaggerated. I love the effect in which Kevin Bacon disappears a full layer at a time of full veins, organs and bones or when the opposite happens with the Gorilla. There are some bloody moments including a eaten rat, someone is impaled on a nail and someone has his head open with blood crushing results. <br /> <br /> With a staggering budget of around $ 95,000,000 Hollow Man is technically flawless, I can imagine the interviews on the DVD where some Boffin special effects say they mapped Bacon's entire body to the last vein that they actually did because you know that all the spectators would notice if one of his veins was missing or in the wrong position. are they? The acting was OK, Bacon was created for a good anti-hero guy of a mad scientist type. <br /> <br /> Hollow Man is one of Hollwood's extravagant big-money extravagances where effects and action are at the heart of any kind of meaningful story or character, but to be brutally honest sometimes we like all this in a movie, well, I know I do it. A good solid high end entertainment with a slightly sharper and darker strip than the usual Hollywood product, definitely deserves a watch.
