It seems that many of IMDB's comments on this film are biased in the sense that they try to compare it to a previous version. True, "HOLLOW MAN" is a remake of "THE INVISIBLE MAN", but that's where the similarities end. "HOLLOW MAN" is a fun movie, period. If you watch a movie with the intent of finding as many flaws as possible, you shouldn't watch the movies in the first place. Of course, some films are simply horrendous and unbearable, but "HOLLOW MAN" manages to entertain you and make you think about what YOU would do if you were invisible and if you had your ex-fucked with one of your friends. Kevin Bacon plays an eccentric scientist who, along with a team of collaborators, discovers how to make animals invisible. Now his mission is to make them visible again. When this team of young scientists (working, as you can imagine, for the Pentagon) thinks they have the formula to make the animals visible again, Kevin's bacon volunteers will be the first to try the new experimental drug. Then, of course, things go wrong, as Kevin Bacon remains invisible to the rest of the film and is forced to wear a latex mask, so his co-workers know where he is. Feelings of paranoia and despair begin to take over the character of Kevin, and when he discovers that his ex-girlfriend E collaborator (Elisabeth Shue) is having a torrid relationship with another young scientist on the team, he eventually escapes. The film then turns into a hybrid of "ALIEN" and a slash flick, but that doesn't mean it's a bad turnaround. There is fear and chills and the film moves at a good pace. The special effects are top notch (a quality that is always present in ALL Paul Verhoeven films) while we see some "body reconstitution" sequences never seen before in a film. If there is something to complain about, perhaps, it is the predictability of the situations present here; within the first hour of the movie you know, Kevin's bacon will make the leap from being weird and eccentric to being a crazy murderer in the end. And the finish is a little rough, but despite this, HOLLOW MAN still deserves to be seen. If you want to know what a bad movie is, you lose your money in "FEAR DOT COM" (with Stephen Dorf) or even worse THE UNTOLD (or "Sasquatsh", with Land Henriksen). Now THAT is "empty"! 8 * out of 10 *!
