This is a wild nature porn movie. By porn, I don't mean sex. I mean free images of (for example) thousands of birds together, or hundreds of walruses, or a giant waterfall or iceberg. Many of the shots in the film seem to exist only to make their way through the trailer, to get people in theaters to see it for the whole ten seconds before it disappears so as not to be seen again for the rest of the film. > <br /> There is almost no storyline in this film. I was told to expect a story of three families of animals, "better than March of the Penguins", the film simply was not published. The fault lies with three key areas: (1) the writers who gave James Earl Jones some of the worst lines to tell in the history of naturalistic cinema, (2) the musical group that dramatized everything to tell you what you should hear, even when the film fails to motivate, and finally, but above all (3) publishers who have blown history from one place to another without any rhyme or reason, without continuity, without flow, sucking the life out of the whole film - a movies about life. When we got to the whales in the middle of the film, I sank back into my seat with fear, hoping against any hope that the film was more than half-finished and that I would survive the long endurance test along with the screen animals. <br /> <br /> There was almost no science in the film. They attributed heat and cold (everything, not just the seasons) solely to the inclination of the Earth, ignoring the fact that we would also have major extremes from position to position if there had not been an inclination because the poles would never have been heated. And it would be worse if we had no rotation (relative to the revolution) like Mercury, because half the planet would cook and the other half would freeze. Then towards the end they used the phrase "humans and animals", as if humans were not animals, somehow exempt from the laws of nature. So much for science. <br /> <br /> I still have to thank the camera work, and again that's why I call this nature porn. Everything, from super slow motion to what appears to be a finely tuned mechanical time-lapse photography, has been used to provide some (and I admit, only "some") breathtaking moments that raise the bar compared to other naturalistic films . That being said, I am not convinced that it was all nature on the screen. Some of the shots that show the big watering hole in Africa, as it has changed from season to season, have seemed like CGI for me. A director could have expected such suspicion and built in other shots to prove that it's all natural, but they didn't. <br /> <br /> For a film on Earth, I expected much more from Earth to be shown. What we saw was pristine. We had to take the narrator's word for this that some species are at risk due to climate change. They didn't show us the evidence. They didn't show us the poisonous ponds of Alberta visible from space. They didn't show us the great spiral of the Pacific trash. They didn't show us a night image of human light pollution all over the planet. These are as much the Earth as anything else. Why cover it for a snag of well-being? <br /> <br /> My last criticism of the content is predation. Whenever a predator was actually shown on the screen as a hunter of prey, the music turned almost into that scene of Mt Doom from the Lord of the Rings, with the predator portrayed as a sort of evil character of Sauron. But predators are not bad. They perform a necessary service, ensuring that the best members of the prey species survive. We are predators ourselves. Every time the predator has captured the prey, we immediately cut away something else, to pretend that death and eating don't really happen. The final insult was the "dad" that the polar bear was left to die after he dared try to eat. "Bad bear! Bad!", You can almost hear them say. <br /> <br /> At the presentation itself. My theater may be partly the cause of this, but maybe not. I expected to see something more clearly than I could see on my LCD HDTV at home. But the photo was fuzzy, and it was presented in the same 16: 9 report that I could get at home, instead of the broader report that many films arrive these days. And during an action-packed scene towards the end, the film (I can't imagine it happening digitally, as it appeared) was damaged, and we lost many of the colors, which were eventually completely obscured. This was repeated about three times. <br /> <br /> If they actually plant a tree on my behalf, it was worth it. But how will I know?
