The spoiler warning is for those who want to see for themselves what animals and landscapes pass before their eyes, even if I don't mention it in detail. <br /> <br /> "Earth" is an approximate. A 90-minute film version based on "Planet Earth" that I saw on BBC TV. The television version was narrated by David Attenborough, a captivating commentator, who had wanted to have done it for "Terra" too but is Patrick Stewart, Star Captain Picard of Trek. There are regular shots of the Earth from space, so it may be appropriate. In any case, he has a rather gentle and calm voice for this. There are 12 chapters in which we follow animal life on earth from the North Pole to the Antarctic. 3 families of animals, polar bears, elephants and whales, appear in more than one of these parts. Each "chapter" begins with an indication of how far it is from the north pole or the equator. We see something of every type of animal, but only mammals and birds, and some fish, and some beautiful shots of vegetation, mountains, waterfalls, deserts and jungle, an almost perfect presentation of the variety of life and landscapes and climates on earth. You have the impression that our planet is inhabited only by animals: people or villages or cities are not in the film, so it is a typical naturalistic documentary, but filmed in a breathtaking way and accompanied by delicious music. When the film was opened, I already knew it would end too soon for me. It's a family movie, so no brutal killings of any animal. When one is captured by his hunter, the shot ends and, in other cases, when we see the captured prey it is turned in slow motion, which makes it less violent and watchable for children (age limit 6 in the Netherlands). No blood is scattered Some scenes (newborn animals) are really nice and will be adored by children. It looks like a normal natural film, but when you know how many days of filming it took (4000) and how much money it cost it becomes an even more amazing piece of beauty. He had the Dutch premiere yesterday, a month before publication, in a 500-seat cinema, of which 15 were taken. True beauty is rarely interesting for movie goers, apparently. Since I knew the TV series, I was obviously very curious to know if my favorite scenes would be included in this film. Some not, but the most impressive shots (big waterfalls) have done it, fortunately. It was the first time I cried in a natural film.
