I heard nothing but great things about the 2006 television miniseries, "Planet Earth", narrated by my childhood idol, David Attenborough. However, if it was shown here in Australia or not, I never reached it and when I happened to see "Earth (2007)" ?? a full length compilation of the same naturalistic movie ?? on the big screen, I jumped at the chance. The theater was practically empty; only another patron sat in a row in front of me, and it was as if I had, not only the big screen for me, but, in fact, the entire planet Earth. For 90 minutes, I was immersed in the beauty and dangers of isolated nature, among some of the most beautiful living creatures ever captured in a movie. Impressive in its field of application, yet painfully intimate at times, "Earth" is a heartfelt request by filmmakers to recognize the delicate balance of life on our planet and how the intrusion of humans has placed countless glorious animal and plant species on the edge of extinction. <br /> <br /> Although the film, directed by Alastair Fothergill and Mark Linfield, obviously supports the conservation of wild nature, it refrains from fighting on the head with propaganda, and the enigma that is politics is completely ignored ; in fact, there is no human in sight. Instead, we are simply taken on a breathtaking journey into the majesty of the natural world, to experience the resilience and even the fragility of life on Earth. I heard that the original miniseries, which was published for eleven episodes, greatly deepens the scientific background of global ecosystems, but I think the filmmakers here have made the wise decision to replace information with an emotional impact: I can I remember the last once I felt so inspired and at the same time deeply broken at the same time. By establishing an emotional connection between the public and a small number of individual animals, anthropomorphized to some extent, we are suddenly able to appreciate the "human side" of each species, and their desperation for survival becomes less a statistic and more unacceptable tragedy. <br /> <br /> 'Earth' is basically composed of a selection of dramatic episodes, whether it's the struggles of a female polar bear to lead her young cubs to arctic ice, or the bum of an elephant herd to the seasonal life-saving floods of the Okavango delta. The documentary demonstrates the delicate balance between life and death, the most heartbreakingly exhibited in the desperate ballet of predator-prey interactions. Even if from time to time, perhaps to satisfy a younger audience, the video is interrupted at the crucial moment, towards regular tears of the inevitability of death in nature, and the crude instinct that feeds the last, desperate attempts at survival of these animals. There is also a haunting beauty in the hunt, whether in the slow-motion shooting of a cheetah that breaks down its prey (the result of a single fatal fatal mistake), or the majestic mid-air jump of a great white shark while swallowing a unlucky sea lion. It is this fragile balance that has been fatally distorted by the selfishness of our own species. Apart from these main stories, we are also treated to short fragments of wildlife from all over the world, including the birds of paradise of Papua New Guinea, and the autumn migration of demoiselle cranes. Obviously, entire films could have been dedicated to these species alone, and an inevitable consequence of having to sift through such a large film is that some interesting ecosystems have been flown over very quickly. Choosing to focus more closely on the polar bear, the elephant and the humpback whale ?? tracing their lifestyle, through an amazing high-definition time-lapse photography, during a calendar year? the filmmakers were able to avoid structural problems that could result from having so much to show and only 90 minutes to prove it. As a result, "Earth" has left me more thirsty and, fortunately, I now have about eleven more hours, as soon as I can trace a copy of the DVD set for "Planet Earth". "Uplifting" and "tear", impressive and heartbreaking, "Earth" is a truly magnificent documentary experience, and could only be my favorite movie of 2007.
