The town hall assumes the politics of a city rather than the country, state or any kind of big political table. Assuming that it shines on New York City, which is a huge political arena, especially nowadays, but it continues to be smaller and places the microscope on some key players in a city scandal caught in the mayor's right hand. Director Harold Becker is a director who is familiar with elements of the thriller that made Mercury Rising, Malice and Domestic Disturbance and I think that in many ways it incorporates so many genres of the thriller genre that it's almost a flaw. I mean that the City Hall is a political drama, not a thriller, but when everything is said and done and once you get to the meat and potatoes of the film you feel and it looks like a thriller, but a decent film with a very important part of the recipe that immediately makes it stand out ... what else ... or rather who else ... Al Pacino. The film begins by taking a good look at life in the mayor's office and in the inner workings of the city. As the film continues, it widens its political spectrum to include a democratic leader and its connections and then we are presented with some aspects of the city. As the events unfold, a mystery begins and the political aspect is left in the background, but still has a brilliant set up. <br /> <br /> I absolutely hate to talk about Al Pacino. I mean even if he didn't give a good performance once, how could I ever say that? Man is acting as a royalty. There is only something ingenious about his whole behavior. In the municipality Pacino plays the mayor of New York. He has a sense of duty and honor and immediately seems to be a very honest politician. He also holds one of the most powerful and honest speeches I have ever seen at James Bone's funeral. I saw that speech four times and the first time I saw Pacino give it, my mouth open and I almost wanted to stand up and applaud. It is brilliantly written and brilliantly delivered by Pacino. John Cusack, who I really like as an actor, turns into a mediocre and exaggerated performance like Deputy Mayor Kevin Calhoun. It's the focus of the movie and he and Pacino have a good chemistry together when they're on the screen, but there's something in this performance ... it seems like he's trying too hard. His accent is simply bizarre, and although he should be ruthless and intimidating, he doesn't seem to be able to make it. Maybe he was shooting a movie. Bridget Fonda, as she leaves her leading celebrity, does a job as a lawyer for the widows of the Marybeth Cogan police. His performance is very similar to that of Cusack, in the sense that he does not seem to find his way with this character. Danny Aiello is exceptional even though his character is somewhat explored as a democratic leader linked to the mafia Frank Anselmo. Martin Landau makes a decent cameo as the scrutinized judge Walter Stern. <br /> <br /> The problem with the town hall is evident in my review of the characters and the actors. Everyone is ... okay. There is a lot of backstory that they try to bring out without showing it and unfortunately it just leaves you a bit confused about the whole conspiracy. And of course you have Al Pacino in a rather small supporting role, but he's absolutely brilliant and overshadows and overshadows every other actor in the film. It almost seems like they're intimidated by the fact that it's on screen with them. So City Hall could have been this huge epic political drama / thriller, but he felt cut and attenuated in a middle run of the mill, but it still has to be seen for Pacino and a different spin on the inner workings of politics. If you don't see this film rather than finding Pacino's speech at James Bone's funeral because the word electrifying doesn't seem to do him justice, but you can see what makes Al Pacino so incredible because in a mediocre movie he pulls out this wallop of a speech and makes you feel. If you are a John Cusack fan that I am ... he definitely did better but he is the main character and all in all he gets his justice. A decent film but unfortunately a potential loss. 7.5 / 10
