The film is about a classic theme. In reality it concerns the theme exploited by Batman, from the beginning to the end, but in real data and details. The mayor of New York, appreciated and very diligent and dynamic, to get some projects slightly faster than normal, yields to the pressures of some private entrepreneurs concerning a criminal drug dealer who should have been sent and kept in prison and he in turn pressurizes the judge to release him on probation despite a negative test report that disappears but is not destroyed, both for the political value he represents. And what was going to happen was happening and some people, including a black schoolboy, are killed in a shootout between a police detective and that criminal. The city could explode because of this: racial tensions due to the black school boy and social tensions due to the insecurity that such criminals are free to turn and continue with their criminal activities represent for the public. Unfortunately the film does not show this tension very well and follows the investigations of the first deputy mayor who wants to find out the truth and discovers it. But along the way some witnesses are killed, and those who played a role in the whole business are forced to withdraw (the judge), to end their career and life (the contractor or contractor go around), a public official who was ready to deliver the missing test report, and some shady characters after giving some crucial information. The mayor retires and takes a long vacation; But the main interest of the film is in the exploration of the contortions that the mayor is doing to cover the problem and the contortions he remembers having done in the past that led to the error on this probation case. The political philosophy that nothing is pure white or pure black and that everything that is gray is never convenient for decision makers is invoked as an excuse for bad but profitable decisions. We are not talking about compromises needed to achieve consensus in some areas that are crucial to the public interest. We are talking about considering it less important to make a wrong decision about some small or seemingly small criminal of some infrastructure or economic project in the city. This is not typical of New York. This is true in any mayor's office. It is only more significant in terms of quantity and quality in a large metropolitan area such as New York and, of course, in a city or a country where police departments are municipal and are controlled by political imperatives. The young deputy mayor is therefore dismissing the old mayor and derailing his ambition to be the governor of New York to become the president of the United States. The mayor is perfect thanks to the incarnation that Al Pacino offers us because he is able to express ten minutes of dialogue with a facial expression that makes the whole dialogue useless. I find the end a little sweetened with the former deputy mayor who campaigns on his behalf. This seems to mean that he was so attached to justice because he saw his chance to push the mayor out of his way. So he is not better than all the others, he is still too young in his ambition. <br /> <br /> Dr. Jacques COULARDEAU, University Paris Dauphine, University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne and University Versailles Saint Quentin en Yvelines
