Wow ... another 5 hours of Riget. Lars continues the great combination of occult, dark horror and soap opera horror films. Taking up exactly from where the last episode of the previous series had been interrupted (complete with the same high intensity and suspense, even if this does not last, for better or for worse), this installation in the franchise seems a little more inclined to hurry. .. in the last series, it seemed that a day or a week passed between each episode, while in this, clearly it is a long stretch ... where an episode ends, the next begins. Much can be said about Lars von Trier ... but he is very diverse and rather eccentric. Both qualities show in this. The plot continues its excellence, now giving some regular characters who were minor players in the previous four episodes more attention. Basically every character from the first returns, at least for the main roles. The rhythm is not as sharp as in the first part, and I found myself less fascinated by it. This does not mean in any way that this did not involve me, even though ... I always found myself constantly looking, and in many places reacting strongly, often aloud, to what was happening (extremely unusual behavior for me , as I am an incredibly silent person), as I was also during the first one. Like the first one, this also brings some ethical questions loaded. Building on the foundation from the first, this brings the story further ... and being a sequel, the scope is even bigger. Grander. More spirits, more bizarre events, more subplots. Even the strong graphic material of the first returns, and has been raised a notch. The characters are developed further. The acting is surprising, like that of the first. Udo Kier solidifies his immense talent, to anyone who doubts it. Playing a very difficult character (anyone who has seen the first series can very probably understand what I mean) * and * act in a language that he has not spoken (he was later nicknamed) ... and still deliver such a strong performance role. The cinematography remains exceptional, and is still very manageable, with rapid zooms and occasional long takes. The editing is sharp, with some direct cuts in the sound (although these were more important in the first). Now, with all that said, I'd really like to be able to classify this perfect 10 ... or at least just below, like the first four episodes. I really enjoyed watching and I don't regret it at all. But this has shortcomings ... those of the first part and more. First, humor takes up too much space ... and this time it's even worse. There are many new regular characters that are there for no other reason than to provide comic relief ... three of them, not less. The scenes are set up and performed for no other reason than to make the audience laugh. Okay for a comedy, but what is he doing in such a dark and unpleasant way, yes, sometimes sadistic at times, horror piece? The lonely secret hideout of Helmer's loneliness has changed from the roof of the hospital ... from which he could see his beloved Sweden ... in a bathroom. With a corner from the inside of the bowl. No, you read that right. In general, humor seems lower than eyebrows ... more jokes about sex and bodily function, which, again, raises the question "Why?" While most of the writing is excellent, some are decidedly terrible. Several scenes are basically copied from the first mini series (one would say for their popularity when it is on the air). Sometimes, the drama seems a little more explosive than the first one, and sometimes it jumps too much. Fortunately, rarely, but still noticeably, points and plot objects are explained too easily (a certain character who lives in Denmark for no apparent reason, for example ... anyone who has seen him knows who I am talking about). The two dishwashers, although still mysterious and insightful, become too much of a gimmick ... too overexposed, in the end, I imagine. Most of the scenes with them are still fun. In addition to this, I want to reassure any reader of this that, despite all the negative things I have just written, this is still largely good ... decidedly pleasant, compelling, powerful ... and in my humble opinion, it should definitely be seen by anyone you love the first (even if it belongs to that group, don't expect to hear that the plot is over after seeing it more than what you did after the first one). I recommend it to all Lars von Trier fans and to anyone who has enjoyed the first Riget and wants more from where it comes. I urge anyone considering looking at this to make sure they saw the first one before you ... I bought it before I bought the first one, but I resisted until I bought the first one and watched that, and I didn't I can tell you how happy I am to have done it. Although this includes a brief summary of the events in the first one, there are an immense amount of details and aspects that you would miss if you didn't see it before looking at this. Sequel slightly lower, but definitely still to watch if you liked the first one. 8/10
