There is the danger with the critic / philosopher Slavoj Zizek with his film, directed by Sophie Fiennes, which brings together a wonderful amalgam of dumb, horror, science fiction, surreal and other contemporary thrillers to make his points of Freudian confrontation overloaded . But in Pervert's Guide to Cinema it also makes the deeper points a starting point than any other analysis I've seen on a collective film section. Although it does not cover the vast territory, Scorsese's documentary scripts cover the same attachments, and Zizek has a definite love for all these "perverse" examples and films, mainly the work of Hitchcock, Lynch, Chaplin and Tarkovsky. Yet you shouldn't go see this - if you can find it, I have to see it almost by chance - thinking that Zizek will try to probe all the psychosexual parts or parts that send it back dullly, unbalancedly. If you ever open one to points that could never be considered otherwise, you would think of three of the Marx brothers as representations of the Id, the Superego and the Ego (the example of Harpo is the most lethal to me). <Br /> <br /> It is not just one of the classics, but also considers the food for thought in The Matrix and Fight Club - in the representations of the division between fantasy and reality and if the matrix needs energy as much as energy it needs the matrix for the first, and in the attachment of violence in dealing with oneself as well as in doubling in the second. He also throws a crucial moment in Revenge of the Sith when Anakin becomes Darth Vader, and the implications of avoiding paternity under that back mask at the very moment when his children's births occur elsewhere. The ideals of paternity, of male sexuality, of the male point of view in transforming fantasy into reality (to the point where Zizek rightly indicates as the moment of the creation of a nightmare), and female subjectivity, are explored perhaps more deadly with Vertigo . This also applies to a scene that Zizek deconstructs as if it were Zapruder's film, where he dissects the three points colliding with the psychosexual position in the 'don't look at me' scene in Blue Velvet. <br /> <br /> Now it would be one thing if Zizek himself realized these sincere, excited, and somehow plausible points, only in front of the camera or mostly in voiceover like Scorsese does. But he goes one step further to accentuate his points of fantasy and reality, and how they overlap, intersect, become one and the same, or spread more crucially in some hell or primordial feeling for some characters (ie Lost Highway) putting itself in the locations where the films are set. The most amusing is to see him in the boat "heading" towards the same pier where Tippi Hedren's boat heads to the beginning of the Birds; just as fun is when he waters the Blue Velvet lawn that continues to explain the multifaceted points of Frank Booth; only one, when it is in a territory similar to Solaris, seems a bit rough. But Zizek is having a lot of fun with this set-up, and after a while it hovers around the potential crux of this gimmick and Zizek's words come out. <br /> <br /> There were a few films of course I would have expected, especially from Hitchcock and Lynch, but a surprise for movie buffs comes from seeing two things - the movies you would never want to see in a movie on the films entitled Pervert's Guide of Cinema (the second of the two for me would be The Disney Pluto comic strip and the exhibition on Chaplin's films, albeit with a great note on the power and distinction of the 'voice'), and those who have not yet seen (ie the ventriloquist horror film, Dr. Mabuse, Stalker, among a few others) that inspire immediate feelings of "wow, I have to see it right away, no questions asked". Zizek is a powerful writer with his work, and projects it forward with a clarity that reminds us of why we watch movies first, to be entertained, of course, but also to have that real experience of sitting down and having something up there, as he said, looking in a bathroom. It is probably one of the greatest films on cinema, and in such a meticulous analysis of how Freud makes his way into the films of desire, the Id / Super-Ego, and of the supernatural in fantasy, that you might never see. ..in a distribution finally comes into play, even if only in the smaller levels.
