"Cinema is the perverted art par excellence, it doesn't give you what you want, it tells you how to desire it." <br /> <br /> Thus began "The guide to the cinema of the pervert", in which the Slovenian philosopher and psychoanalyst Slavoj Zizek applies his Freudian / Lacanian brain scalpel to world cinema. This three-part film is the second feature film directed by Sophie Fiennes (yes, Ralph and Joseph's sister), and it is a remarkable achievement, with a talk time of two and a half hours from a man and yet fun and engaging throughout. In essence, it's an extensive film conference, and one of the best you can ever have. Throughout the film, Zizek guides us through a catalog of obsessions and desires in the history of cinema. It touches more than 40 films and, in particular, spends a lot of time with Hitchcock, Lynch, Chaplin, Tarkovsky, the brothers Marx and Eisenstein. But it also gives a close look at "Persona", "La Conversazione", "Three colors: blue", "Dogville", "Fight Club" and "The Exorcist". Thematically, Zizek's investigation into cinema ranges from thoughts about the death drive to the "coordinates of desire" and from Gnosticism to "partial objects". <br /> <br /> "The perverted guide" will be a slightly better experience if you took a few minutes to assimilate your basic Freudian terminology. However, even if you are not immersed in psychoanalytic theory, Zizek's dynamic and hilarious personality carries on the film with such enthusiasm that it is not likely to result from specialized jargon. The film often cuts from the movies to the images of Zizek * inside * of the film mentioned, that is, in the settings and original sets. The transitions in these sequences maintain such tension and humor that the trick never gets old. And Zizek himself constantly makes us laugh, both with small bizarre jokes and with his enthusiastic insistence on, for example, a bold Oedipal interpretation of "The Birds". And this go-ahead-and-laugh attitude, in Fiennes and Zizek, is essential for the gonzo character of the film. It is the sugar spoon that helps us digest Zizek's strange medicine. After all, don't we all feel that, beyond a certain point, psychology theorists are just pulling our legs?
