He is stocky, sweaty, slightly cross-eyed and restless. He stands in front of us and calls himself a pervert. He claims that we ?? the spectators of the film ?? feel the screen like a toilet bowl and everyone is secretly wishing that everything else explodes from within. It's unpredictable and scary. Well??? Come on, you could have guessed by now: he is one of the main philosophers of our time. <br /> <br /> Slavoj ?? i ?? ek is at the same time a storyteller and a subject in the new extraordinary film by Sophie Fiennes, A Guide to the Perverse of the Cinema. Fiennes illustrates a very long lecture by iy ek, and does it in two ways: by providing exemplary film clips and by inserting videos in real (or reconstructed) locations of the films he talks about. Is it always nice to watch the scenes with captions of great movies (even if Revenge of the Sith also arrived here), but the main attraction of A Pervert's Guide ?? is ?? I ?? ek same. What makes the movie so fun to watch is the unanswered question that you can't help but ask over and over again: what is the most outrageous, ek's points of view and the presence of the ek screen? In a documentary by Astra Taylor (?? i ?? ek!, 05), the Slovenian philosopher confessed his fear of keeping quiet at one point. Because, he said, he feels like he doesn't exist in the first place, the only way to make all the other people believe that he is talking constantly and feverishly. And he speaks, and how. Even a perverse guide? is dominated by his voice ?? offering perfect English in the wildest way and making some surprising points about cinema. <br /> <br /> What are those? Well, for example, he sees Chaplin's reluctance towards the speaking image as a sign of a universal fear of the voice itself (a kind of alien force that takes possession of the human being? Think the ventriloquist segment of Dead of Night [45 ]). He says that the perverse nature of cinema is to teach us to desire certain objects, not to supply them. Identify Groucho Marx as super ego, Chico as ego and Harpo as id. He says a million other interesting things, and all the while we can't take our eyes off him, so persuasive (and captivating) are his looks. At one point I couldn't help staring at his thick, shabby hair and wondering what kind of brain lay underneath. Craving, of course, for further study. <br /> <br /> The most notable are the ek readings of Lynch and Hitchcock (which is not surprising since he wrote about both). The cumulative effect of many clips brilliantly modified by their respective work has made those parts of the conference by iek and ?? unlike others ?? difficult to discuss, since it seems to have really got the right things on these two directors. This does not apply to his reading of Tarkovsky for example, on which he inexorably imposes his completely materialistic view of reality, dismissing precisely what is so remarkable in all Tarkovsky (ie strong insights and religious images). <br /> <br /> The question is not whether ?? i ?? ek is inspiring and brilliant, because he is; or if it's worth watching the Fiennes movie, because it is too. The real question is rather: are the views consistent? An intelligent observation after another is an overwhelming intellectual race, but after all is over, some doubts remain. For example: while considering Vertigo (58) ?? i ?? ek states that what is hidden behind the human face is a perfect void, which makes the face itself only a facade: something of a deception in its own means. However, when in the final sequence we hear about the always shocking ending of City Lights (31) as a portrait of a human being completely exposed to another, it is difficult not to ask: what happened to the entire facade-what ?? ? Why should we give Chaplin's face the intrinsic value of the real thing and deprive Kim Novak of this same privilege in two bold blows ??? Or maybe that inconsistency could also be read in Lacan's terms? (The name of the French psychoanalyst famously "illegible" is fundamental to the thought of I ek.) The film has all the virtues of a splendid lesson of two and a half hours: many topics are covered, many perspectives employed, even some lines of prim 'order made (when ?? ik ek travels on a Melanie Daniels boat from The Birds [63] and tries to think how she did, she comes up with: "I want f ** k Mitch!"). But it also has a gap that is not inherent in the two and a half hour lesson as such: it is almost obsessively digressive. ek's yarn on how far we are from Real is as good as any other psychoanalytic yarn, but after about 80 minutes it becomes clear that one of the perverse pleasures of ?? i ?? ek is to digress back and forth, changing subjects constantly. The overall effect is that of being swept away by a giant, cold, sparkling wave: you are simultaneously caught off guard, refreshed, in mortal danger and endlessly confused. While you finish watching, your head is full of ideas that are not yours and you are already thinking of reviewing some movies ?? but you also share the feeling of having survived a calamity. <br /> <br /> The last question is: did you lose it? Or have we not even approached the real thing? Once cinephilia becomes punishable by prison, we will all meet in a big cell and talk to each other (not having movies around to turn our backs to). I challenge you all: who will have enough courage to get close ??? ek and challenge him? My hypothesis is that once you look at those eyes in real life, you become a believer.
