Her Deadly Rival (1995): with Harry Hamlin, Annie Potts, Lisa Zane, Tommy Hinkley, Susan Diol, Rome Maffia, Robert C. Treveiler, DL Anderson, William Blair, Sean Bridges, Robin Dallenbach, Wilbur Fitzgerald, Dale Frye, Stan Kelly, Deborah Hobart, David Lenthall, Lorri Lindberg, Chuck Kinlaw, Amy Parrish, Melissa Suzanne McBride, Ralph Wilcox, Al Wiggins, Jeff Sumerel, Daria Sanford .... Director James Hayman, Screenplay Dan Vining. <br /> <br /> Actor Harry Hamlin (of LA Law fame, Clash of The Titans and other films) seems perfectly chosen in this "Lifetime" movie directed by James Hayman and released in 1995. He and his wife Lisa Rinna will work later on a movie about sex addiction. "Her Deadly Rival" is, at first glance, similar to the famous Hollywood movie "Fatal Attraction". In "Rival", the happily married couple Jim and Kris Lanford move into a new home in the typically beautiful suburbs. They have a seemingly perfect marriage - they are deeply in love, despite a routine lifestyle. But then a mysterious admirer puts his eyes on Jim. His identity is never revealed, despite an attempt by Jim and even investigators to find out who she is. She constantly harassed Jim through phone calls and letters. His marriage almost falters when his wife starts thinking about having an affair and trying to hide it. While Harry Hamlin, Annie Potts and the rest of the cast - Lisa Zane, Tommy Hinkley, Susan Diol, Rome Maffia, Robert C. Treveiler, D. L. Anderson, William Blair - both seem to come from a soap opera. But this is a suspenseful drama and has its beautiful moments. There is a turning point at the end. Spoiler Alert. All I have to say is "his mortal rival" was just herself. Based on a seemingly real case, Jim Kris's wife suffered from a multiple personality disorder and this is what ruined her marriage. Although the plot is not terribly impressive, even if the acting is only a step above the soap opera, this film has its moments. Particularly moving are the intimate scenes between Jim and his wife and the final scene in which, when Jim learns the truth, he cannot believe what he has just heard. The film is probably a bit too long and boring in some parts, but it's the kind of TV movie that usually does well, especially on Lifetime, which continues to produce films of this type, such as "domestic thriller" or stories of seduction. Trashy but everyone likes garbage.
