Everyone has a first love, and even if it's difficult to define that feeling when you're younger, it's there, hurting inside you. This is what the Malaysian director Yasmin Ahmad intends to demonstrate in his fourth feature film, a film in which the most complex of emotions is told in a seemingly simple and direct way. <br /> <br /> Such an approach is particularly convenient in this case, given that the love story of the film involves two children of twelve, and therefore would make any attempt at "deeper" analysis seem forced and pretentious . The fact that they are not is also the testimony of the incredible performances of the main non-actors, Sharifah Aryana and Mohd Syafie Naswip. The first interprets Orked (already seen as an adult character in the previous photo of Ahmad, Gubra), a lively, almost rebellious girl who, perhaps influenced by her "British" education (her mother studied in England), despises playing with dolls , preferring to do violent sports with boys. Then one day he meets Mukhsin (Naswip), who has come to spend his holidays at his aunt's house, and suddenly he changes his habits: goodbye fistfights, hello, bicycle and climbing trees. But what does it mean? Are they just friends, or is it something more implicit, something none of them is yet ready to understand, let alone accept? <br /> <br /> Given the young age of the protagonists, answering those questions is impossible, and so on, as in many "smaller" films (Lost in Translation comes to mind), there is no real closure , a choice that leaves a bittersweet aftertaste, but ultimately satisfying: the naturalistic, unfiltered acting (especially that of Aryana) reaches almost to the heart and a strong supporting cast (Orked's family most of all) helps to maintain the narrative fun and seductive minimalist. The down-to-earth approach is not always so effective (the hilarious subplot of an adulterous neighbor is abandoned too soon) and it is difficult to justify the bizarre reference Pulp Fiction at the beginning of the function, but the emotional force of adolescent romanticism is enough to make this an interesting piece of independent Asian cinema.
