The film starts in a classroom where, not surprisingly, our main actress, Orked, was seen in a Chinese language course. Later in the film, she was asked why (from Mukhsin) she had been sent to learn Mandarin. His answer was simple for a child who is; because you have already known the Malay language well. <br /> <br /> It's a little bit romantic if you can think of it, but once you stop reading too many critics and go get it, you'll notice the typical elements of Malaysia. The film basically focuses on the 10-year-old Orked who met 12-year-old Mukhsin in a game that many would consider it child's play. Short of players, Mukhsin (who was new to that village) was forced to allow Orke to enter the game, in which she enthusiastically displayed her masculine side. Orked is not such an ordinary girl as she paints more than the male behavior as you will see in the film, defending Mukhsin from the violent meeting with his school bullies, throwing one of the bully's bags from the school bus window, throwing punches and kicking Mukhsin's brother , after making fun of Mukhsin and so on and so forth. Both were fantastic friends, and they get even closer, but with a minimum of misunderstanding in which most of us will respond in the same way, they both separated until the day Mukhsin left the city. <br /> <br /> Now the film describes the first love between Orked and Mukhsin, they started as friends, but slowly evolve into a slightly closer relationship and then towards BGR. You would notice, the changes that Yasmin made in the movies for each of the main actors and the actress when they go through love. The different character was portrayed with enthusiasm and mild humor. The scenes were all random, but they represented so much reality that you would be stuck on the screen for a long time. You will love the movie for what it is, and not because you want to be patriotic for the local scenes, because it means so much more. <br /> <br /> While the film revolves around the two birds of love, he also manages to find his target against Orked's parents, his mother who was educated in England, speaks English very well and in which, her husband and the caretaker in the house with much attempt try to speak their kind of English, which was humor really to the end. Let me just explain to you why humor can be such an important thing in this movie. And that explanation or description that you could portray can be given in one word and this is RANDOMNESS. Often more than not, we don't learn to laugh at ourselves, and when we do, we do it at the expense of others. It is just as Jack Neo's Just Follow Law movie would have said - Often, when we are ourselves, we do not see the person in us, but only when we are in the body of another person, then only we learn to see who we really are And this is how humor is applied, much more than mere dignity. <br /> <br /> The film was filled with such randomness that the typical facts of our routine life as we performed them could be completely filled with laughter if we want it to be. <br /> <br /> The other focus of this film was on how Orked's neighbor, a couple whose husband no longer loves his wife, and wanted to find another. Pak Koboi as the one who paws after was seen polishing his bike every day and would take him out for a ride with his newly found girlfriend. The producer didn't fail to show you maybe because her husband wanted to find another wife. The wife was a real pitcher or KPC as we Chinese would call her, having interrupted the affairs of others and sending her daughter to tease Ork in words that only adults would have used. After all, what happens comes around, and that's probably why bad things happen to you. At all times, being kind to the people around you won't hurt everyone, unless you have an ego to protect, but then again, what is it worth? The film focuses on Mukhsin's brother, Hussein, who goes to the city every day until late at night, smoking, drinking and even finding "girls". It's the exact opposite of Mukhsin, but maybe that's all because of family problems. Both brothers stayed with their aunt and their parents were away from them. I don't want to reveal any more of the plot because it would ruin much of the interest in wanting to find out for itself, but the least of all the elements in which the producer wanted to send a message to the spectators is the life of us all. She wanted us, I at least to see life from our perspective when we are not ourselves. Film in a sense, take us out of our body, position us in the position of the character, and use our empty mind to see the events of it. Depending on the type and genre of the film, you will be mesmerized by how a good movie like this could have a significant impact on you.
