Mukhsin is a beautiful film about a first love story. Everyone probably has one, and this is his story as an author and director Yasmin Ahmad, with a boy named Mukhsin. We know that his films were semi-autobiographical, with scenes taken from his personal experiences, and it is this sharing and translation of these emotions on the big screen, that his films always emanate a warm sincerity and honesty. Mukhsin is no different, and probably the most confident and confident job of advertisements (although I must add, as a personal prejudice, that Sepet still has a special place in my heart). <br /> <br /> Our favorite family is again - Pak Atan, Mak Inom, Orked and Kak Yam, although this time we go back to when Orked is 10 years old. The characters are all younger than the movies we traveled with, from Rabun to Gubra, and here, Sharifah's sisters Amani Sharifah Aryana and Sharifah Aleya play the roles of Orked and Mak Inom respectively, which may have contributed to their excellent chemistry together on the screen, without their brother and sister roles not playing. The only constant that seems to be Kak Yam, played by Adibah Noor, and Pak Atan also has hair on his head! Through Mukshin, the film, we arrive at the starting point with the characters and the world that Yasmin presented to us. We come to know and understand the family a little more, set in the days when they still live in their kampung (revisited in Rabun), where Orked attends a Chinese school and makes a serious combination of punches (and you wonder about that explosion of energy in Gubra, well, she had it when she was young!). Perennial tomboy and daughter of the family, he prefers to play with boys in games, rather than unreasonable "masak-masak" with girls, and favorite outings include going with family to soccer games. <br /> <br /> The arrival of a boy named Mukhsin (Mohd Syafie Naswip) in the village provides a nice peer for Orked to go out and do things with - riding through the villages, climbing trees, flying kites . And like what you want to explore, the crossing of that line between friendship and romance, both beautiful emotions. <br /> <br /> Mukhsin has his cheeky moments that animate the story, and cause laughter, because some of the accidents, we would have experienced ourselves, and sometimes serve as a return to our own childhood memories. In short, those scenes screamed "fun"! We observe life in a typical kampung, where some neighbors are very nice, while others, the nosy and gossip sellers, spread the sick gossip from envy. There are 2 additional family dynamics, one from an immediate neighbor and the other from Mukhsin's, both of which act as adequate subplots and in contrast to those of Orked. <br /> <br /> As always, Yasmin's films are filled with excellent music, and for Mukhsin, he has something special, the song "Hujan" written by his father, as well as "Ne Me Quitte Pas", rightly used in the film Since Yasmin's films to date have centered around the same characters, the beauty of it is that you can see them as isolated, or when looked at and put together, it makes a compelling family drama that deals with separate themes and universal themes like interracial romanticism, love and forgiveness. Fans will surely see Mukhsin's many links to previous films, while new viewers will surely be curious to find out why and the meaning of recurring characters or events, like that plump guy who steals looks at Orked. <br /> <br /> And about why, even parts of Mukhsin are curiously open, which is probably distinctive of Yasmin's style, or deliberately left as such. I thought that like a story about childhood, collected from memory, there are details that will surely be overlooked. And subtly, I heard that Mukhsin exposed this perfectly, with not so detailed details, and attention to what can be remembered in significant episodes between the two. <br /> <br /> Another highly recommended film, and a rare one that I feel suitable for all ages - bring your baby brother or sister with you!
