If you want to learn something about the Spanish civil war and all the political details and intrigue, let me tell you, you chose the wrong movie. <br /> <br /> This is a vision of war as it happened in Mallorca, a small island off the coast of Spain. When a war like this happens on a small island that almost immediately takes the traitor's position, there is no war in the open. Soldiers are sent to the front line to fight on the mainland, while another type of war takes place at home on the small island. There, neighbors talk about other neighbors, sometimes because their political opinions are against the new regime, but many people are told because of old family struggles, or perhaps the silent introvert who has no friends is told by someone he wants "earn some points". And these things don't happen in the open. There was some evidence, it is true, but many other times people were simply woken up in the middle of the night, taken out of their homes to the nearest cemetery where they would be killed. And the next morning the bodies would be found and people would have an idea of ​​what had happened, but no one would have dared speak or do anything. We are not talking about soldiers who kill someone they have never seen in their lives. We are talking about people who kill their neighbors, and probably greet their widow the next day, and also to attend the funeral of the boy they killed. We are talking about villages with one or two thousand inhabitants, where everyone knew everyone. <br /> <br /> I come from that small island and I heard the stories that my grandparents told me, and I must say that this film upset me, oh yes, it did; but I also found it extraordinarily beautiful and moving. Initial violence is not something the director or writer has invented, this is how things happened during that war. A child knowing that his father's father is on the fascist team that killed his father? Completely possible Everything that happened later? Also possible TB was also true. At that time my island was not the resort that it became. People were poor, illiterate and worked in small farms. After the war there were moments of difficulty. <br /> <br /> So, you won't find a war story in this movie, or at least not the kind of war story you expect. There are no battlefields, no soldiers, no political intrigues. This is the most petty type of war, which happens when space is limited (just check the size of the island), when neighbors fight with their neighbors, when members of the same family fight, and live in a place where everyone knows everyone You'll find a story about the damage this particular type of war can cause people and the story of how they survive that damage, or maybe they don't. <br /> <br /> I have to mention the excellent work done by the writers who adapted the novel and by all the actors, who managed to really play Majorcan. It was remarkable.
