(SPOILERS included) This film is definitely the best Amicus production I've seen so far (although I still have a lot to check out). The House that Dripped Blood is a horror-omnibus anthology that contains four disturbing stories involving tenants of a ferocious and infernal house in the British countryside. A common mistake in productions like this is wasting too much energy in the enveloping plot that links the separate stories. Peter Duffel's film wisely does not pay too much attention to this. He simply deals with a Scotland Yard inspector who comes home to investigate the disappearance of the last tenant and so, learns about the bizarre events that happened there before. All four stories in this film are of high quality and together they make a perfect wholesome. High expectations are permitted for this film, since it was entirely written by Robert Bloch! Yes, the same Bloch who wrote the novel that led to the brilliant milestone of the "Psycho" horror ?? We are also marking the solid and very professional debut of Peter Duffel as a director. <br /> <br /> The four stories ?? chapters if you do it ?? in the House that Dripped Blood contains a good diversity of topics, but they are (almost) equally chilling and disturbing. Number one deals with a horror author who comes home, along with his wife, to find inspiration for his new book. This starts very well, but after a while he is persecuted and pursued by the villain of his imagination. The idea in this story is not exactly original, but it is very suspicious and the climax is quite surprising. The second story stars (Hammer), the horror legend Peter Cushing as a retired stockbroker. Still obsessed by the image of an unattainable and long lost love, she comes across a wax statue that looks exactly like her. Cushing is a joy to observe as always and ?? even if the Wax Museums theme is not new ?? this story seems fresh and innovative overall. This chapter also contains a couple of delicious moments of shock and a constantly tense atmosphere. It's a great warm-up for what's probably the best story: issue 3. Another legendary actor in this, like Christopher Lee, gives an impeccable portrait of a terrified father. He is very strict and strict about his young daughter and keeps her in isolation for the outside world. Not without reason, since the child shows a bizarre fascination with witchcraft and voodoo. In addition to Lee's great acting and the extraordinary performance of Chloe Franks as the spooky kid, this story also has a terrifying and gothic atmosphere! The diabolical subtleties of this story, along with the gruesome sound effects of thunder, make this story a must for fans of authentic horror. The fourth and final story, in which a whirling actor is controlled by the cloak-vampire he wears, is slightly weaker than the others when it comes to tension and credibility, but that the overload of subtle humor more or less compensates him. There is also a small space for parody in this story, as the protagonist refers to co-star Christopher Lee in the Dracula series! The most memorable element in this last chapter is the presence of the splendid Ingrid Pitt! The cult queen of "The Vampire Lovers" is surely one of the many highlights of the film, in particular its neckline. <br /> <br /> No doubt about it ?? The home of Dripped Blood will be much appreciated by fans of classic horror. I truly believe that, with a bit of preparations to set the mood, this could really be one of the few films that will terrify you and leave a great impression. Smart and compelling horror as it should be! Highly recommended. One more comment, though: this film may not be repeated BUT under no circumstances should it be confused with "The Dorm that Dripped Blood". The latter is a very irritating and disgusting 80s underground slasher that has nothing in common with this film, except for the title it stole.
