The British production company Amicus is generally known as a specialist for horror anthologies, and this great omnibus called "The House That Dripped Blood" is undoubtedly the best production of Amicus I've seen so far (I must admit there are several that I have yet to be seen, though). "The House That Dripped Blood" consists of four deliciously macabre stories, all set in the same eerie villa. These four stories are presented to you in a wonderfully Gothic atmosphere and with one of the best imaginable casts together. Peter Cushing, Christopher Lee (Cushing and Lee are two of my favorite actors of all time), as is Denholm Elliott and Ingrid Pitt's splendid star in this film - so what real horror fan could afford to miss it? Nobody, of course, and the film has a lot more to offer than just a cast. "The House That Dripped Blood" revolves around a mysterious rural villa, where strange things happen. In four parts, the film tells the stories of four different heirs. <br /> <br /> The first story, "Method For Murder", tells the story of the horror novelist Charles Hyller (Denholm Elliott), who moves into the house with his wife. After moving, the writer suddenly feels haunted by a maniac of his own creation ... The first segment is a great kick-off to the film. The story is gruesome and gruesome and the performances are very good. <br /> <br /> In the second story, "Waxworks", retired businessman Phillip Grayson (Peter Cushing) enters the house, and suddenly feels attracted to a mysterious Wax Museum in the nearby city .. The great Peter Cushing still offers a sublime performance in this, and the rest of the performances are also very good. The story is delightfully strange, and the second best in the film, after the third. <br /> <br /> The third story, "Sweets To The Sweet" is by far the scariest and the brightest of the four. John Reed (Christopher Lee) moves in with his little daughter. The private teacher and the nanny, Mrs. Norton, whom Mr. Reed hired to educate her daughter, is horrified by her employer's rigidity towards her daughter, and is eager to find out what the reason for the overprotective father is education. the best segment maintains a very disturbing atmosphere and a really scary plot. Christopher Lee is, as always, superb in his role. Nyree Dawn Porter is also very good as a nanny, and my special praise goes to then-eleven-year-old Chloe Franks. This brilliant segment makes the film a must-see for any real horror fan. <br /> <br /> In the fourth segment, horror actor Paul Henderson (Jon Pertwee) moves into the house with his sexy / co-street lover Carla (Ingrid Pitt). This fourth story is more satire than Horror actually is. It is a very funny satire, however, and there are many allusions to other horror films. At one point Henderson indirectly refers to Christopher Lee, who plays in the previous, third segment ... <br /> <br /> All four segments have a deliciously macabre sense of humor and a great atmosphere. As mentioned above, the third segment is by far the most disturbing and the largest, but the other three are also suggestive and often macabre horror stories that every horror lover should appreciate. An igenious atmosphere, a macabre sense of humor, genuine authenticity and a brilliant cast make this one not to be missed. In short: "The House That Dripped Blood" is an excellent Horror-omnibus that no lover of British Horror could ever afford to lose. Highly recommended!
