Inspector Hollaway (a solid breakthrough of John Bennett) investigates the disappearance of a famous actor and discovers the evil past history of an old creepy house. First and most trivial story, "Method for Murder" - The successful author Charles Hillyer (played by Denholm Elliott) is obsessed with images of the murdering devil he's writing in his latest book. Although this particular release is too obvious and predictable to be something special, it nevertheless creates a real dilemma of a real surprise ending. The second and more touching anecdote, "Waxworks" - Lonely Philip Grayson (the always outstanding Peter Cushing) and his equally lonely friend Neville Rogers (the beautiful Joss Ackland) both became infatuated with the seductive wax statue of a beautiful but deadly murderer . Third and most chilling scene, "Sweets at dessert" - The quiet, reserved and reserved widower John Reid (a typical Christopher Lee in a rare semi-sympathetic role) takes on the nanny Ann Norton (the beautiful Nyree Dawn Porter) to take care of the his seemingly cute and harmless daughter Jane (an extraordinarily spooky and disturbing performance by adorable Chloe Franks). This frightening and striking episode is given a noteworthy thrust by the exceptional acting of the talented actress Franks, who projects a truly disturbing sense of serene evil lurking under a sweet and innocent angelic veneer. The fourth and funniest yarn, "The Cloak" - The pompous horror movie star Paul Henderson (delightfully tested by Jon Pertwee's haughty hilt) buys a mysterious cloak that turns him into a vampire every time he wears it. This object makes the fun silly and further benefit from the incredibly pulchritudinous presence of luscious Ingrid Pitt as seductive Carla vampire. Director Peter Duffell, working on a delightfully macabre and witty script of the famous scribe of horror Robert Bloch, maintains a lively rhythm everywhere and does a great job in creating a particularly disturbing atmosphere. The compliments are also for the clear cinematography of Ray Parslow and for the soundtrack of Michael Dress. Highly recommended for carefree omnibus fans.
