I admit to being biased when I reviewed this as it was my introduction to the series. I saw this film for the first time in 2005, late at night "Fear Friday" on AMC, which often attracts dark gems like this out of the cold store for new generations. I made a point to look at Amicus' entire anthology series before reviewing some of them here to make sure I have a perspective. Looking back, I continue to vote The House That Dripped Blood as my favorite, followed by Tales From The Crypt and then Asylum. <br /> <br /> I think of all the elements that make this series fascinating --- the vintage The 60s / 70s-style cinematography, gruesome from extravagant and incredible tales and the absolute Britishness of all this about music accompanying ---- they got together better here than anyone else overall. The film focuses on an old English country house and the misfortune that escapes all that lives inside. <br /> <br /> The first story involves a horror writer and his wife, who moved to this secluded place to take a break from the city so that he could concentrate on his passion. Create a murderous character called Dominic and soon begin to experience great difficulties in telling reality from fiction. There is a subtle physchedelia here through his torment that I found funny but disturbing. Oh and those horrible stage teeth (then again these are British actors, maybe those were REAL !!!) <br /> <br /> The second story is the story of a lonely old man (Peter Cushing) who moved here he escapes from his loneliness, yet only worsens when he is haunted by lost love. It seems to have found the salvation possible in a local wax museum (very disturbing), but it appears that it would have been much better on its own ....... <br /> <br /> The third story includes the great Christopher Lee ( my favorite British horror actor) as a single father with a rather disturbed and deeply terrifying young daughter. She is constantly wary of her getting into things she shouldn't - like witchcraft! He has a natural talent for this, rightly so. Lee is superb here as the cold disciplinary, that man has a real talent for interpreting characters absolutely devoid of heat !! But despite his best efforts, the little troublemaker actually learns forbidden knowledge and bad things follow ...... <br /> <br /> This final story is the story of a cynical veteran actor who feels the young man director with whom he works is not qualified to capture a real vampire movie, in particular on the quality of the costumes and his coat in particular. So he goes to an old curio shop in the middle of a foggy night to get something more "authentic". He does not know that he has picked up a real vampire cloak! Inserting it at the stroke of midnight has rather obvious effects. By the time I arrived at this fourth and final story, it was after 3 am and I could not stay awake on the first try (not boredom). But I have experienced something that I have hundreds of times, a curious bonding experience that I have with movies or music when I fall asleep and sleep and the film / music becomes part of my dream !! Great fun !! This bizarre story was perfect for this and seemed the first time more frightening than it actually was because I woke up just when it was levitated by the power of the cloak and I couldn't understand what was happening at the beginning. Not long after, the beautiful Ingrid Pitt, a costar on the set of her film, came to visit and warned her not to wear the cloak at midnight --- but she didn't need to have bothered, because she herself was real vampire. The chintzy keyboard hand that followed while flying towards him on the stairs was simply hysterical !! And again in my half-asleep state, it seemed pretty confusing! Side note: make sure you capture Lee and Pitt together with the wonderful Amicus star Britt Ekland in the all-time classic film The Wicker Man (1973). <br /> <br /> The weakest link here was the interlaced commentary between the stories, but based on the stories themselves, this is a classic! Objectively, I would say that the third story is the best, but I like the fourth one better because it makes me smile so much. Very recommended for horror fans and if you're a fan of British horror, it's mandatory! I would say it's worth seeing the series in chronological order if you can. The last film in this series, Monster Club (1980) is certainly the weakest. I think the first 3-4 films, apart from the mediocre Torture Garden (1967), are the best, but if you like them all, you should watch them all at least once. You'll probably come back many more times to watch your favorites.
