Linking story: another vision for the first time for me and, again, this is one of the most popular anthologies of Amicus - and it is easy to understand why, even if I realize how the film's meaningless title can be misleading for some; Certainly I chose the choice of director Peter Duffell - DEATH AND THE MAIDEN (which, by chance, is a classic piece by Schubert that can be heard in the film during the Peter Cushing episode) - much more. Although the connecting device itself is not that great, the episodes are all equally engaging and entertaining. The production values ​​are really respectable for the budget with which Duffell had to work. The latter infuses the film with a great deal of style that is not so common with this type of film and, frankly, it regrets the fact that he wanted to distance himself from the genre (although more to avoid being typed rather because he felt he was under of him). <br /> <br /> Now to the individual stories themselves: <br /> <br /> "Method For Murder": the opening segment offers no surprise, but, to compensate for this, it is sometimes quietly full of suspense and appropriately fearful (the bad "fictitious" by Tom Adams seems the long-lost brother of Boris Karloff from THE OLD DARK HOUSE [1932]); furthermore, it ends with a satisfying DIABOLIQUE-type turn, and presents a fairly intense role for Denholm Elliott in the lead. That's all we really need. <br /> <br /> "Waxworks": for the second story we are presented with a curiously romantic mood that is quite unusual for this type of film; Peter Cushing and Joss Ackland are both excellent (as well as impeccably dressed) in their roles as two lovers in love with a woman who continues to haunt them even after so long and whose friendly rivalry can only lead them blindly and inexorably to a destiny that it is literally worse than death; a threatening hallucinations scene with Peter Cushing is quite well done considering the limited resources at hand, and Ackland's inexplicable inability - or unwillingness - to leave the city is somewhat reminiscent of the trapped aristocracy of Bunuel's house , THE EXTERMINATING ANGEL (1962). > "Sweets To The Sweet": this is perhaps the most beautiful episode of all - with his ambiguous role here, Christopher Lee continues to demonstrate his versatility and is equaled by an understanding of Nyree Dawn Porter and by deceptive innocence of Chloe Franks (who appears as Lee's daughter). The film's treatment of occultism is both subtle and mature, culminating in a powerful and extremely chilling "tent". Trivia Note: Chloe Franks appears adult in the featurette included on the disc, and when I saw her I felt an immediate familiarity with her face, but I couldn't put her finger on it. Later, reading his filmography, it was revealed to me that he had played one of the main roles in Agatha Christie's theatrical adaptation "The Mousetrap" in London's West End, which my brother and I had the good fortune to capture while we're here on vacation in the summer of 2002! Needless to say, we had no idea that he had created such a delicate - and delicious - representation in pure evil, especially in virtue of his peculiar appearance and a devilish smile !! <br /> <br /> "The Cloak": a tale of extravagant but strangely reverent vampires (who still manages to debunk many of the myths linked to the subgenus, inventing some new ones!) that contains wonderful excavations to exploit the cinema and, for at one point, Christopher Lee himself; Jon Pertwee is as wonderful as the campy horror star who gets more than he bargained for when trying to bring a measure of authenticity to his work; Ingrid Pitt sends her image although her role is somewhat secondary to the proceedings; Even Geoffrey Bayldon (made up by Ernest Thesiger) has a memorable and bizarre touch; the style of the 'silent cinema' of the finale was rather audacious to attract an audience, I suppose - and, while some of the humorous tones get so recklessly tired and "THE WITHOUT FEBRUARY VAMPIRE KILLERS (1967) or THEATER OF BLOOD (1973) it is also quite contagious and certainly ends the film on a high (and very unusual) note! <br /> <br /> The audio and video quality is relatively satisfactory, considering that I had no other version to compare it with; the main culprit is considerable damage to the press, but this is never so unpleasant as to affect the enjoyment of the film.As for the extras, starting with the audio commentary: frankly, this is one of the best chats of a genre film that I remember listening to ; Jonathan Rigby is doing his opinion more than usual for a moderator, but his effort certainly allows director Peter Duffell to touch every aspect of the production (while with other films, he remains soon waiting for more! ) and, as such, is an extremely pleasant track that completes the main function very well. The "A-Rated Horror Film" featurette is a useful effort with Peter Duffell again at the center of the scene, but this time it was supported by valid, albeit too short, contributions from producer Max J. Rosenberg and starring Chloe Franks, Ingrid Pitt and Geoffrey Bayldon. We also receive movie notes, reviews, bios and a gallery of posters / stills that, once again, are wonderfully assembled (with contemporary reviews that are something of a novelty - and welcome to this).
