Four stories of terror concerning the events in a terrifying old villa are told to the skeptical investigator of Scotland Yard Holloway (John Bennett) as he investigates the whereabouts of the last occupant of the house that dripped blood. <br /> <br /> just struggling to find the words to describe the true splendor that is "The House That Dripped Blood". The anthology of the seventies horror is truly remarkable in the way that such a visually innocent film is capable of inducing horror even to the most perceptive spectators. Incredibly, the number of depictions of violence on the screen can be counted on one side, but the film is still able to portray brutality and manages to evoke the most horrible images in one's imagination, refraining from taking the obvious path of graphic violence. In a rare feature of the horror of the '70s, the technicalities of the film are practically impeccable, from the perfect interpretations of the star-studded cast (with the legendary Peter Cushing, Christopher Lee and Ingrid Pitt) to the splendid direction and the story for gentle grant from Peter Duffell and master of the macabre writer Robert Bloch (the author of the novel "Psycho"). The only complaints that can be had with "The House That Dripped Blood" are the rather asinine twists at the end of the first two segments and the predictable end of the photo, but even these small details fail to diminish general enjoyment. <br /> <br /> The first segment, titled ?? Method for Murder ', tells the story of Charles Hillyer (Denholm Elliott), a horror author who rents the creepy house while working on his latest novel. While working on the novel, Hillyer continues to see the murderous character in his story in and around the house and soon begins to question the difference between fiction and reality. Elliott's performance in this piece is truly exceptional and his character is given an air of surprising credibility. The key to this segment, as with others, is the mystery surrounding the events that occur. The viewer is made to wonder if the sight of Dominic's murderous character is simply a hallucination, a schizophrenic disorder or if the character is actually there. Duffell's direction manages to create a disturbing atmosphere combined with a slow and methodical approach to generate the tension and suspense necessary to make the segment very compelling. <br /> <br /> The following segment presents Peter Cushing as the new occupant of the sinister House. During a trip to the city he comes across a museum of wax of horrors and decides to venture out. While there, he discovers a wax model of a beautiful woman who seems all too familiar. The character of Cushing (Philip) is then reached by his friend Neville (Joss Ackland) who wishes to visit the museum, much to Philip's dismay. In this segment the viewer is given nothing but very subtle clues to the mystery of the wax woman, but in general the viewer is left in the dark. There is much less tension in this particular story, but the segment still manages to keep its air of mystery through a particularly harrowing sequence of dreams and the general ambiguity of the story. Directed by Duffell is once again exceptional and although this is probably the weakest of the four stories, it cannot be denied that through a certain creative direction and credible acting, "Waxworks" is still a pleasant entry into the film. <br /> <br /> ?? Waxworks' is followed by what is, in my opinion, the largest of the four segments ?? "Sweet cakes". Christopher Lee plays the role of John Reid, the father of a girl who has an inexplicable fear of fire that is soon remedied by caregiver Ann Norton (Nyree Dawn Porter). However, John seems to hide a dark secret about the family. "Sweets to the Sweet" is easily the most sober and intricate of the four stories and that's why the segment is undeniably compelling for the viewer. Throughout the segment, small and subtle clues to the truth behind the family are released, but it is not until the final scene is immensely horrible that everything fits perfectly. This is the best example of how Duffell used dramatic tension and suspense to create the eerie atmosphere that made the whole film great. Accompanied by a wonderfully organized soundtrack, "Sweets to the Sweet" is an exercise in sustained fear that grabs the viewer by the throat and refuses to let it go until the dying screams that end this piece finally cease. Personally, I believe this short segment would have made a feature film fun and disturbing and I would give this segment a rare 10/10. <br /> <br /> The film ends with the story surrounding the deceased artist that the investigator was initially interested in. Jon Pertwee and Ingrid Pitt act as two actors who are currently working on a horror film. The character of Pertwee is disgusted by the amateur production and the props in the film and thus acquires his vampire cloak from a strange mystery shop. However, strange things start to happen when he wears the cloak and soon begins to fear the worst. This segment, which places the inspector among the events, is a nice way to end a wonderful anthology. Although there is an irrefutable air of field for the segment, this is, in a sense, what makes the story so pleasant. Unfortunately, in this segment there is little that could be classified as scary in any sense and the predictable ending could have been performed better, but nevertheless the segment has its ransom characteristics. Horror fans should definitely take a look at Pertwee's brief commentary on the portrait of Dracula by Bela Lugosi and Christopher Lee. This somewhat comic and carefree approach to the final segment is essentially an adequate and almost natural way of concluding the image, even if it lets the film fall with respect to previous examples of horror. <br /> <br /> To sum up, "The House That Dripped Blood" is one of the greatest horror anthologies featuring an incredible cast, fantastic stories and a superior direction. There are certainly worse ways to spend a hundred minutes of your life, and while the blood and liver fans will be very disappointed, fans of the most tense horror efforts should enjoy this movie immensely. My vote for "The House That Dripped Blood" ?? 8/10.
