Omnibus horror films were popular in the seventies. I'm not very fond of them, but this is an undeniably excellent slice of British horror cinema. The House That Dripped Blood is a horror omnibus, with four stories surrounding an old creepy house in the country and told to a Scotland Yard agent by a real estate agent. <br /> <br /> This film is titled by three famous horror film stars; Peter Cushing, Christopher Lee and Ingrid Pitt, whom horror fans will recognize as one of Lee's co-stars in the greatest British horror of all time; The Wicker Man. <br /> <br /> The first part of the film, entitled "Method For Murder" tells the story of a horror writer, whose creation; a strangler named "Dominic" is animated by his own imagination. This story creates a lot of suspense; through his girlfriend, he and the public are led to believe that what he sees is a figment of his imagination. This story is certainly not very original, but compensates for its lack of originality through the atmosphere it creates and is the final turning point; which works incredibly well and was a real surprise. <br /> <br /> The second story, entitled "Waxworks", is played by Peter Cushing and is the least loved by the four. This story follows the story of Phillip Grayson (Cushing), a man who discovers a wax museum and decides to venture out. Inside, he discovers a woman who is familiar to him and who we will find out later is a murderer. It has never been fully explained what the woman's relationship with Phillip is, but the story is based more on mystery to build suspense than the details of the plot. Cushing is then joined by his friend, Neville Rogers (played by Joss Ackland) and at that moment the story really starts to grow. The setting of a wax museum full of killers for a horror movie is not a new idea; the same setting was used to great effect in the excellent horror film of 1966, "Chamber of Horrors". Although not as great here as the one in the film above, the power of the set is used no less for a terrifying effect, achieved in large part by a feeling of claustrophobia, caused by the limited area of ​​the Museum. Peter Cushing is always interesting to see, and to see him avoid a crazy ax wielding a gift is a gift for horror. Despite being my favorite, this story is still fun and interesting so as not to drop this anthology. <br /> <br /> The film continues with "Sweets for the Sweet", which is without doubt the best of the omnibus. This story sees the legendary Christopher Lee as an apparently overprotective father. The beauty of this story comes from the way it is made. Let the audience guess; we know there is something wrong with neither father nor daughter, but we don't know who or what it is. Christopher Lee, as usual, portrays his character with a high degree of sinister; the public is left to simmer about his actions regarding giving his daughter a doll, and the fact that she is not allowed to go to school or have toys. The paper of why exactly is kept close to the chest until almost close to the end, synthesized by the truly chilling line in which Lee tells his babysitter to be, in fact, scared of his daughter. The ending of this section is superbly played, in my opinion it is one of the best endings of any horror story ever told, and it will stay with you long after the launch of the credits. <br /> <br /> The omnibus ends with "The Cloak", which is certainly the most comical of the four. This story is about a horror movie star who, unimpressed by the technical side of his latest film, comes out and buys a cloak. Of course, this cloak turns out to be a real vampire cloak. Unlike the other three stories, this seems to be played mainly for laughter. This is not a bad thing, however, as most humor is fun and a nice contrast to the rest of the film. The ending of this story nicely coincides with the end of the film's enveloping story, which is a very sinister but amusing ending to a great film. Also, watch out for the jibe regarding Christopher Lee in Dracula. A nice touch, I think. <br /> <br /> Overall, if you want a horror omnibus, you can't really go wrong with The House that Dripped Blood. Only the third story makes the film worthy of your time and this is really a very solid horror film.
