Preminger's adaptation of G. B. Shaw's "Saint Joan" (screenplay by Graham Greene) received one of the worst critical reactions of the day. It was defamed by the pseudo-elite, purists and the public did not respond to a film that lacked the pity and charm expected from a historical representation. As in "Peeping Tom", the reaction was malevolent and unjustified. Preminger's adaptation to Shaw's intellectual exploration of the effects and actions surrounding Joan of Arc (his real name in his language is Jeanne d'Arc but this film is in English) is totally faithful to the spirit of the original game , not only literally but also formally emotional level. His film is a Brechtian examination of the functioning of institutions, the division within and outside of various factions that everyone wants to take power. As such we are not allowed to identify ourselves emotionally with any of the characters, including Joan herself. <br /> <br /> As played by Jean Seberg (whose next life offers a strange parallel to his role here), she is presented as an innocent, a figure of purity whose very actions and presence reveal corruption and empty in all. As such, Seberg interprets her as both Santa and Madonna. Her lack of experience as an actress when she made this film (which is shown in the spot) conveys the freshness and youth of Jeanne revealing both the fact that Jeanne la Pucelle is a humble illiterate peasant who came out to protect her village and its natural intelligence. In no way deserved the severe criticism he had in the first release of the film, is a performance well beyond the ken and the call of an actress for the first time without previous experience of acting. Shaw and Preminger took a secular view of Joan seeing her as a feminist of the medieval era, not content with being a rustic daughter who has the destiny to marry or a prostitute picked up by soldiers to leave the battlefields. Her faith, her voices, her visions that she mixes with words like "imagination" and "common sense" lead her to wear the armor of her fellow soldiers to lead them into battle to pursue the English invader outside France. > <br /> Yet it can be said that the film is more interested in the court of the Dauphin (Richard Widmark), the clergy office that tries Joan led by Pierre Cauchon (Anton Walbrook, impeccable cast) and the actions of the Earl of Warwick (John Gielgud) then to Joan herself. The superb cast of actors (all males) portray intriguing figures, Machievellian (although the story precedes Niccolò) opportunists who treat religion as a child's toy to use and manipulate for their own ends. The strong sardonic dialogue gives the actors great fun to unleash. John Gielgud as the eminently rational count whose intelligence, (though accompanied by corruption), allows him to calculate the precise way in which to make sure that Joan is burned at the stake and Pierre Cauchon of Anton Walbrook brings a three-dimensional portrait to this intelligent theologian who will give to Joan the right trial that will certainly find her guilty. Richard Widmark as the Dauphin is a real revelation. As a counter-type a casting choice you will ever find, Widmark portrays the weak future sovereign of France in a frantic comic caricature that is so close as this film comes to comic relief. A comic performance that looks like an imitation of Jerry Lewis much more than a raging future sovereign of France. <br /> <br /> Preminger shot "Saint Joan" in black and white, the director of photography is Georges Perinal who worked with Rene Clair and who made in color "The life and death of Colonel Blimp". It is perfectly controlled to emphasize the rational intellectual atmosphere of this film. Preminger's preference for tracking long uninterrupted takes is fundamental to the effectiveness of the film, there is no sense of a movement wasted everywhere in its staging. <br /> <br /> It also indicates the direction of Preminger plus its more mature (and neglected) period is the conflict between individuals and the institutions in which they work, how the institution works and how the individual acts according to its principles. These themes receive their most direct treatment in his film and as always he keeps things unpredictable and finds no answers in black and white. This is one of his best and most effective films.
