Fräulein Doktor is as valid a demonstration as it once was when the film industry, once big in Western Europe, has declined over the last 40 years. Then, in the late 1960s, while the big Hollywood studios were on the ropes, Italy, France and England were filming the movies to fill the void left by the decline of Hollywood. There were James Bond movies (Doctor No was a surprise success in the United States, it was first released in the Century theater chain in New York with an entry price of 99 cents), spaghetti westerns by Clint Eastwood (with A Fistful of Dollars released by a distributor who never paid a penny to Italian producers) and French criminal films that usually went to art houses, with exceptions such as The Sicilian Clan. And there were European co-productions like Dr. Zhivago and, of course, Fräulein Doktor. With his big budget for the time and the worldwide talent involved, Fräulein Doktor was pretty good that viewers still remember the film decades later. <br /> <br /> Kenneth More, who plays a British intelligence officer, has a line in Fräulein Doktor where he tells a talking spy or will play Wall Game. The wall is in front of a firing squad, with little chance that the spy wins the game. That sort of cynical attitude worked well beyond national borders, in the era of the Vietnam War of 1969. The steam scenes between Suzy Kendall and Capucine probably did not damage these artists' chances of getting parts in Hollywood movies, Gli Hollywood studios were abandoning their distribution and production activities abroad. Fox would not co-produce more films like The Sicilian Clan, Columbia will not release films such as Belmondo's The Night Caller. MGM went even further, cutting almost all the film production, selling its chain of theaters in India for the value of the underlying land and downloading its Borehamwood studio as Kerkorian ransacked the studio to raise money to build its casino in Las Vegas (where a Bally the casino gift shop sold MGM memorabilia at discounted prices, stuff left by the MGM props store auction. <br /> <br /> Paramount distributed Fräulein Doktor, but the Bludhorn of the Gulf and Western, who had taken over the company and canned the old studio board, unloaded the studio's film library to Universal (as a souvenir) and became really interested in the movies after production manager Robert Evans started churning out one success after another, but it was in the 1970s that Fräulein Doktor was buried with her lesbian scene, with cut versions of the film appearing in the local stations wings in the 80s. <br /> <br /> Kenneth More was typed as a crazy boy when he was older, especially in the BBC detective series, Father Brown. When he was younger, as in the British film Titanic, he played his official British standard officer. In Fräulein Doktor, he had the chance to be much harder than usual, as a souvenir. It would be nice to see if my memory of this film is accurate, of its role and, of course, of those cavalry horses who wear gas masks and protective covers that go into battle. That was a scene, and Alberto Lattuada showed himself to be a director, at the head of this first world war espionage film, in which the money spent on production values ​​really appears on the screen.
