EL MAR is a courageous, clear, absolutely brilliant and courageous work of cinematographic art. Director Agustí Villaronga, with an adaptation by Antoni Aloy and Biel Mesquida of Blai Bonet's novel, has created a film that traces the profound effects of war on children's minds and how this exhibition destroys chaos in adult lives. And although the focus is on the atrocious tattooing of the war on children, the transference to similar effects on soldiers and adult-age citizens is clear. This film becomes one of the best anti-war documents without resorting to libellism: the final result has a much greater impact due to its intrinsic history that follows the march of children towards adulthood. <br /> <br /> A small group of children is shown in the Spanish Civil War in Spain, threatened by blackouts and invasive nocturnal slaughter of citizens. Ramala (Nile Mur), Tur (David Lozano), Julia (Sergi Moreno) and Francisca (Victoria Verger) testify to the terror of the murder of men and the revenge that drives one of them to murder and suicide. These wide-eyed children become adults, bringing with them all the psychic illness and repressed trauma. <br /> <br /> Then we meet the three who survive into adulthood where they are all confined to a tuberculosis sanatorium. Ramala (Roger Casamajor) survived as a male prostitute, protected by his "john" Morell (Juli Mira), and kept his private lifestyle. Tur (Bruno Bergonzini) has become a fragile, sexually repressed gay man whose coverage is his commitment to Catholicism and the confusion of delusional self-mutilation / crucifixion. Francisca (Antònia Torrens) has become a nun and serves the patients of the sanatorium. The three rejoin their environment in the sanatorium and slowly each one reveals the scars of their childhood experiences with the war. Tur craves Ramala's love, Ramala wishes to be free from his Morell, and Francisca has to face his internal needs covered by the habit of his white nun. <br /> <br /> The setting of the sanatorium provides a graphic plan in which the subtle is the thread between life and death, between lust and love, and between devotion and destruction is played. For more detail, it would destroy the film's impact on the individual viewer, but suffice it to say that graphic sex and total nudity are involved (in some of the extraordinarily raw footage still captured in the film) and the viewer should be ready to witness every form of imaginable brutality. For this viewer these scenes are of utmost importance and the director Villaronga should be applauded for his perseverance and courage in making this story so intense. The actors, both as children and as adults, are splendid: Roger Cassamoor, Bruno Bergonzini and Antònia Torrens are particularly good in extremely difficult roles. Jaime Peracaula's cinematography and Javier Navarrete's disturbing musical score are the basis of the director's vision. This is a tough film, but highly recommended for those who are not afraid to face the horrors of war and its consequences. In Spanish with English subtitles. <br /> <br /> Grady Harp
