"Gespenster" Question to be cool in German cinema <br /> <br /> There aren't many German films in the last ten years that made me so interested. Yes, the problem with the most German films is also in this film "Gespenster". It's in some places raw to be nice to see. Special the figure of Toni (Sabine Timento) is too beautiful. But this is always in German films. Everyone has to learn this coolneß - it's realism in these films. This is difficult to understand. But in this case it makes sense, because she steals and she lies - she's the kind of girl, you better never love her, because you lose her. This is not clear for the other girl Nina in this film. She loves her - and she will lose it. But Nina has lost everything. It will play with a soft emotion and a sad feeling. There is no way, but you have to take it for twenty years, said Herbert Achterbusch. This is so often the way it goes in German films. Why? Nina (Julia Hummer) is not within the laws of society - she is outside - and there she has no chance. This film does not seek in any place to give it a part inside. This is one of the problems - the stupid break with conventions - the criminal fascination. Throw it all away and go anywhere! But the actress plays this very interesting difficult part. On the other side - there are the parents - who are the pendant for the two girls. They have a car - a hotel suite - they have money and live in the world with opera music. But the film is always in a certain distance to seem. There is not much to explain. <br /> <br /> In the center of this film, there is a scene you will never forget. The two girls had a casting. And there they should say how they are together. In this scene, Toni will lie down. He said a fantastic story - it has nothing to do with her. And then Nina will tell the truth. He said it introversionally. There is no show in it. Look at the bottom and say what happened here. This is a great moment. In the next scene of the party with the images in red this feeling is happening- by Toni goes away ... <br /> <br /> Ok, the film will end - in the German way of coolneß - junk - here the circle of sadness it is closing. But there was a moment - where something else is happening - and this moment was important. It's more than German coolneß - and these moments are rare in German cinema right now!
