"Gespenster" (2005) forms, together with "Yella" (2007), and "Jerichow" (2008), the Gespenster trilogy of the director Christian Petzold, undoubtedly one of the German film directors of the cream-De-la-crema of our time. <br /> <br /> Roughly, "Gespenster" tells the story of a French woman whose daughter had been kidnapped as a 3-year-old girl while her mother turned her head for a minute in Berlin - and she has never been seen. Since then, the mother continues to travel to Berlin whenever there is a chance and seeks, with the help of time-stretched photographs, for girls about the current age of her age. As we heard later in the film, her mother was already convinced many times that she had found her daughter Marie. However, this time, when he meets Nina, everything becomes very different. <br /> <br /> The film brings no solutions, not even partial solutions, and, as far as I am concerned, it is rather disappointing. We're not even gearing up to decide if the mother is really mad or not, if her current daughter is still alive or not. The most disappointing thing is the end. After what we saw in the film, it is an imposition for the observer to be left alone while the author leaves Nina alone. The simple distancing that symbolizes that nothing has changed can be a strong effect of dramaturgy (for example in "Umberto D."), but in "Gespenster", it is moved. <br /> <br /> Since the critics have suggested Freudian motifs in this film, let me make my attempt: why don't similar people know each other, especially the people that another person like that knows? This is a rather crazy question, I agree, from the point of view of Aristotelian logic, according to which the notion of the individual holds. The individual is a person who does not share any of his defining characteristics with anyone else. Thus, the Aristotelian answer to my question is: they do not know each other because their similarity is by pure change. All those who are not crazy believe it. However, what to say about the case if these similar people share other similarities that can hardly be changed, eg. scarves to their left under the ankle or a heart-shaped birthmark under their right shoulder blade? This is the metaphysical context from which this film is drawn, although I'm not sure if the director has understood it. Despite our modern Aristotelian world, superstition has preserved in the mythologies of people around the world that similar people also share parts of their individuality, and that individuality, therefore, is not something irregular, but rather diffuse, so that the borders between people They are open, such and similar beliefs build a strong backbone of the irrational, despite our otherwise highly rational thinking - a source of Gespenster of the most interesting kind.
