I'm always surprised how many times you'll see something about World War 2 on German national television. You'd think he doesn't like opening old wounds, but there's not a week going by without a documentary or a film about the horror and atrocities of this war. Maybe it's a way of dealing with their past, I don't know, but you can't blame them for ignoring what happened. And it must be said: most of these documentaries really deserve to be seen because they never try to overlook the truth and the same can be said of their films (think for example of "Der Untergang" or "The Downfall" as you might now ) which are also very realistic. <br /> <br /> One of those films is "Rosenstrasse". It tells a true story and deals with the theme of mixed marriages during the war, even if the film begins with a family in the United States today. After Hannah's father died, her mother suddenly turned into an Orthodox Jew, even though she wasn't very religious before. He doesn't know where his mother's strange behavior comes from, but as he starts digging into his mother's troubled childhood, Hannah understands how little he has ever known about his mother's past. <br /> <br /> The fact that this film deals with the theme of mixed marriages during the Nazi regime is already quite surprising. As far as I know, there has not been another film dealing with this subject. (For those who didn't know it yet: being married to a so-called pure Aryan man or woman meant for many Jews that they were not immediately sent to one of the concentration camps, but that they had to work in a factory). But it does not just say something about the problems of mixed marriages, but it also gives a good idea of ​​how these people were often seen by their parents and relatives. How difficult it was sometimes for them during the Nazi regime and how these people, most of the time women, did everything in their power to free their men, once they were captured and locked up in Rosenstrasse for example ... < br /> <br /> The acting is really good and the story is very well written, even if the way it was presented in the beginning didn't do it for me (and it's exactly the only part you'll see in the trailer). Maybe it's just me, but I would have left out a big part of what is happening today. At least from the part that is in the United States, because the part where Hannah goes to Berlin and talks to someone who knows her mother's past better, certainly works. <br /> <br /> If you are interested in anything that has something to do with World War II, and if you are not necessarily looking for many action scenes, then this is definitely a movie you should see. This is not a movie in which you will see battles or shootings, but surely it is an interesting film, because it gives you an idea of ​​an aspect of the war of which little is known. I give him an 8/10.
