In Rosenstrasse, Margarethe von Trotta blends two stories to create a vibrant tapestry of love and courage. The film describes a family drama of estrangement between a mother and her daughter, and the story of German women who staged a protest on Rosenstrasse to free their Jewish husbands from a certain extermination. In addition to the dramatization of historical events, the film focuses on the rescue of a child from the Holocaust by a German and the result of the child's experience of losing his mother. While Ms. von Trotta demonstrates that the courage of a small number of Germans has made a difference, she does not use it to excuse German society. In fact, it shows how in the midst of torture and extermination, the rich artists and intellectuals of German high society continued to talk about their lives and their holidays, unaware of suffering. <br /> <br /> Rosenstrasse opens in New York as the Jewish widow Ruth Weinstein (Jutta Lampe) decides to sit down at Shiva, a seven-day mourning period that takes place after a funeral in which family members Jewish devote all their attention to the memory and mourning of the dead. When her daughter Hannah (Maria Schrader) is forbidden to receive phone calls from her boyfriend Luis (Fedja van Huet), a non-Jew, Hannah asks why her mother suddenly decided to follow an Orthodox tradition she had previously refused. When Ruth coldly refuses her cousin, Hannah interrogates her and discovers a woman named Lena who took Ruth as a child when her mother was deported and murdered by the Nazis, and vows to find Lena and discover the secret of her mother Her research takes her to Berlin where she finds Lena (Doris Schade), who is now ninety years old, and interviews her on the pretext that she is a journalist looking for some aspects of the Holocaust. With ever-present memory, Lena tells her story of how, a 33-year-old girl (Katja Reimann), looked for her husband, the Jewish pianist Fabian Israel Fischer (Martin Feifel), who disappeared and was supposed to have been imprisoned despite the protection normally provided to Jews in mixed marriages. Lena, in a radiant performance by Reimann, discovers that her husband and other Jews were held captive in a former Rosenstrasse factory. <br /> <br /> They are together in the icy night, German women whose husband has disappeared outside the building, their number is growing every day until they reach the thousand shouting "Give us back our husbands". Lena finds Ruth (Svea Lohde), a girl whose mother is in the building. He takes care of her, protecting her from the Gestapo and raising her after her mother was killed. Lena comes from a German aristocratic family and her brother, recently returned from Stalingrad, is an official of the Wehrmacht. After refusing his father's help to free Fabian, he enlists the help of his brother who tells a colleague: "I know what they do to the Jews, I saw it." Given his support, he is bold enough to bypass the canals and go to the top where his beauty and charm prove irresistible to the Minister of Culture, Joseph Goebbels, a notorious womanizer. While this fictional part of the film has been criticized as degrading to women protesters, it is a historical fact that Goebbels was very active in making decisions regarding Rosenstrasse. <br /> <br /> Director Margarethe von Trotta, an activist, feminist and intellectual, is no stranger to political drama. He directed a film about the socialist Rosa Luxembourg and Marianne and Julianne, a story about the relationship between two sisters, one of which uses political violence to achieve its liberal goals. In Rosenstrasse, a film he worked on for eight years, he had to make compromises, adding the imaginary element of today to have his film produced. The fact that it works so well is a tribute to the art of Mrs von Trotta and the beautiful script by Pamela Katz whose father was a refugee from Leipzig. The events of Rosenstrasse deny the Germans, who say "there was nothing we could do". Now von Trotta has shown that the opposite is true, that something could be done to resist the Nazis. It is tragic that the example did not take hold.
