I don't think that many films (especially comedies) have added a memorable and quotable dialogue like MOONSTRUCK. I won't explain it - you can see a very long list of quotation marks on this thread - but any film that can make arguments like defending the use of expensive copper tubes rather than brass for hydraulic purposes in a memorable dialogue is surprising to me. It is not the only line that opens and makes an impression in our memory. How about a restaurant waiter who regrets a planned marriage proposal because it would mean the loss of an old bachelor customer? Or a nice and old dog lover who encourages his pack to howl at the moon? O Perry (John Mahoney's) the description of a student's youthful promise as "moonlight in a martini" (my favorite line). <br /> <br /> MOONSTRUCK is a wonderful example of a brilliant screenplay, first-rate direction and a good ensemble cast that fits perfectly. There are other examples (the drama THE OX-BOW INCIDENT is another example, but more serious). Cher, Olympia Dukakis, Vincent Gardenia, Nicholas Cage, John Mahoney and Danny Aiello are all involved in plots and crosses that examine the nature of love and how to manage it. Is it a good thing to be totally in love? Cher and Cage, in the end, seem to think so, but Dukakis knows that true love drives the individual crazy (and Cage has a glimpse of this too, when he and Cher fight outside his home after returning from the opera La Boheme). Men's infidelity is a way to avoid thoughts of death. Dukakis believes it, and (strangely - even if he is not entirely convinced) Aiello. The case reveals infidelity - Dukakis soon realizes that Gardenia's strange behavior is linked to infidelity, and Cher literally runs into Gardenia and his girlfriend at work (but Gardenia also runs into Cher's infidelity to Aiello). But the case also provokes misunderstandings: Fyodor Chaliapin stumbles on Dukakis who walks with John Mahoney and thinks he has a relationship. <br /> <br /> There are also little beautiful moments in the film. Cher's remark about the flowers that lead to receiving one. She listens to the discussion in the liquor store and her resolution. But the best thing is the sequence of Louis Guss and Julie Bovasso in the role of Cher's uncle and aunt, Raymond and Rita Cappomaggi, and Rita's charming and gentle commentary on the effect of moonlight on him. It's the sweetest moment of the whole movie. <br /> <br /> It is close to an impeccable film. After seeing it more than a dozen times in many years, I can only find two points that don't seem as fluid as they should be. When Cher is at Cage's bakery, her assistant Chrissy (Nada Despotovich) mentions how she is secretly in love with Cage, but was afraid to tell him. Previously she was slightly sorry for Cher, who put her in his place quickly. Yet nothing seems to be done with this potential rivalry. At the same time, the fact that Cher forgets to deposit the profits of his daily work activities for his uncle and aunt is brought momentarily into the final seven minutes of the film - but just as quickly diminishes. Should there have been plot lines that have been dropped, in addition to that on Cher and Vincent Gardenia working under the shelter of a homeless person as a penance? It's a little annoying, but I think it's based only on the desire to see more of this film because it's very good.
