The bittersweet touch of this film contains a wonderful element of romanticism that evokes an impetuous passion! These characteristics of the idealistic imagery that "Moonstruck" possesses, stimulate the end result of a resounding thumb up verdict of almost all the major Hollywood critics. Allow me to describe the circumstances of this film, in short, they are "past years". "Moonstruck" is a cohesive film that ignites the ingenuity of an old Italian neighborhood in New York City. The city of New York has always been a great melting pot that is galvanized by many bizarre mannerisms that are indicative of typical New Yorkers, including many Italian Americans who also live in New York! The mid and late 1980s led to a sharp conclusion of many strong associations with various cultural stereotypes. The polarization of ethnic origin was a scourge firmly rooted in American history that was far more widespread than several generations before this film. These generalizing propensities still exist today, however they are more attenuated and less identifiable! For this Italian family of a bygone age, confusion, indecision, agitation and yes, of course, love, everyone has the comical camaraderie of an absolutely human understanding for them! The spirits related to all in "Moonstruck" seem to be those of understanding individual frailties. One might wonder if Cher plays the lead role, since she is more known as an entertainer than a big box office movie. In "Moonstruck", however, I think he was incredibly fit for his role, and it turned out to be very credible in a relatively unbelievable situation. All the characters of "Moonstruck" are very rough, really difficult, and they are not afraid of having a formidable duel with adversity. The most exhilarating aspect of their lives is imperfection, and they are fully aware of the fact that storm storms certainly have a constructive purpose! I thought the acting in this movie was sensational. All the reports in this film gather a propitious potential to illuminate vividly because everyone knows that the basic nature of all others is really like it !! For this family, nothing is glamorous, nothing is pretentiously romantic, and nothing is overly emotional (only moderately so). The fact is that this whole family is clearly and perpetually afflicted and overwhelmed by a cupid and zealous candid cupid in all their lives. Taking lunar rays can really have a pleasantly unnerving impact on one's determination, on the masked mystique and on the resistance to the proverbial problem. So it means everything !! The family and mercurial principle in this film is basically one of; Be honest, angry; Be honest, question yourself; Be honest, distorted and emphatic; More important; Be honest and fall in love !! This is Cher's best performance ever as an actress !! Nicholas Cage, Danny Aiello and Olympia Dukakis were wonderfully imperfect in "Moonstruck". These performances of these three were perfectly appropriate for the kinetic energy of the characters in this movie! The director, Norman Jewison (famous for "Cincinnati Kid", "Thomas Crowne Affair", and most famous for "In The Heat Of The Night", which won the academic award for best film in 1967) describes many acute and humanistic instincts in the process of purifying the deliberate inconsistency with this film! I am Italian-American in descent, (Partially anyway) Cher is not Italian, and, moreover, neither the writer nor the director! I believe that since non-Italians love eating our food, they can also use our culture to make a fabulous movie! It's nice to know that a movie can be wonderful and have an incredibly happy ending !! For those of you who didn't like this movie, I have only one thing to say "Snap Out Of It !!" This movie "Moonstruck" is totally happy and lucky! Totally eighties !! and totally five stars !! Watch it!!
