Loretta Castorini (Cher) is a woman in her forties, a widow, who lives with her parents in a duplex apartment in Brooklyn. She is engaged to Johnny Cammareri (Danny Aiello), an insignificant man, more for a resigned duty than for a true love. Before their marriage, Johnny makes a trip to visit his mother who is ill and leaves Loretta with the function of playing the olive leaf with her brother Ronny, notifying him of their upcoming marriage. Ronny (Nicholas Cage) did not forgive Johnny for being the cause of his accident which caused him to lose his hand (and later, his future bride), but he falls in love with Loretta, and lasts. After a warm relationship, Loretta tries to avoid Ronny out of respect for Johnny, but her dark appearance and overbearing masculinity win her over. Meanwhile, Loretta's mother Rose Castorini (Olympia Dukakis) not only suspects that her husband Cosmo (Vincent Gardenia) is seeing another woman, but she is also an object of admiration from a university professor and wonders why men pursue women. Things get complicated when Johnny returns from Sicily to tell Loretta that they can't be married. <br /> <br /> The setting is pure sitcom, but the story, written by John Patrick Shanley with a deep understanding for Italian Americans living in New York, is genuine: he gets the idiosyncrasies of these people and their delusions and everyday oddities, and all the characters have a deep romanticism that goes through key moments throughout the story. Loretta, a character hardened by the loss of her husband and aware that her chances of happiness are slim, slowly emerges as a woman who is so overwhelmed by the sudden recognition of love that she becomes the heroine of La Boheme - the one who recognizes her man's love with his wooden hand (in an intelligent gender inversion), and Cher lives in the role and makes it his own and subtly betrays his grumpiness with a deep and dark beauty. Ronny is pure fire and Nicholas Cage exudes masculine power as if he were channeling Marlon Brando. The Castorinos and the Cappomaggies, counterbalancing the central couple, both express their mutual love in two crucial moments: the last couple, on the night of the full moon, when Loretta and Ronny consume their relationship - a rare scene depicting love and intimacy between the seniors - and the former in a moment of tension during breakfast when Rose reveals in no uncertain terms, with moving words, that she wants Cosmo to stop seeing her lover Mona (Anita Gillette). <br /> <br /> MOONSTRUCK is not only the romantic comedy and the film for the date of choice, but also a beautiful analysis of love and passion among the common people. The ending is a tour de force of emotional impact, the family situation that goes beyond the momentary complications to cement it in the tradition going back to the days of immigrants, and it is one that elevates this film from being just another wellness film to a classic. MOONSTRUCK deservedly earned his Oscars for Best Screenplay, Actress and Supporting Actress, and has proven to grow beyond his time.
