I saw Heartland when it was first released in 1980 and I just saw it again. Improve with age. Heartland is not just for "indie" movie lovers. At a time when most American films are little more than cynical attempts to make money with CGI, pyrotechnics and / or vulgarity, Heartland represents a slice of American history. It is also a reminder of how most of us modern and urbanized Americans are flawed. <br /> <br /> Nothing in this film is overrated or theatrical. No one says anything about the Hollywood movie. Actors really inhabit their roles. It really looks like a "small" movie, but it's actually bigger than most multi-million dollar Hollywood productions. <br /> <br /> The film is based on the life of real people. In 1910, Elinore Randall (Conchata Ferrell, who never did anything better), a widow with a 7-year-old daughter, Jerrine (Megan Folsom), lives in Denver but wants more opportunities. She advertises for a position as a housekeeper. The announcement was taken up by Clyde Stewart (Rip Torn, one of our less popular actors), a Scottish breeder, himself a widower, with a farm outside of Burnt Fork, Wyoming. Elinore accepts the position (seven dollars a week!) And moves to Wyoming with her daughter. She and her daughter move into Stewart's small house on the property. The prairie without trees is rolling, a place of infinite panoramas where silence is broken only by the sounds produced by these people and their animals. A person is guaranteed to feel small. The three characters go for long periods without seeing another human soul. What's worse, Stewart turns out to be taciturn to the point of being almost silent. "I can't talk to the man", Elinore complains to her grandmother Landauer. "You'd better learn before winter," Grandma answers. The grandmother (Lilia Skala) is one of the only two characters that are seen more than fleetingly. She came out of Wyoming from Germany with her husband many years before and runs her own ranch now that she is also a widow. Grandma is their closest neighbor (and local midwife) and still lives ten miles away! The other supporting character is Jack the hired hand (Barry Primus). <br /> <br /> The routine of Elinore (and that of her employer) is one of endless and exhausting jobs, where there are no modern conveniences and where everything must be done, repaired or done by hand. This is the real meat of the film: looking at the ordinary life of these breeders while fighting against nature to snatch a life from the earth. But despite constant fatigue and tiredness, Elinore is always looking for other opportunities. Learn that the section adjacent to Stewart's is not claimed. Impulsively, you file a claim on the property (twelve dollars, or nearly two weeks of pay!), Which means that if you live on it (and must actually live there) and work for ten years, you will get the deed of it. Of course, Stewart learns what he did. With merciless logic, he emphasizes that without money, without livestock, without credit and without resources, he has no chance of success. So he offers a solution: he proposes marriage. The stunning Elinore realizes that this is the only real alternative, and accepts. <br /> <br /> We think that Stewart's proposal is purely Machiavellian --- he wants the land and free work --- but we see that, in fact, he is genuinely passionate about Elinore and grow together as a couple. She becomes pregnant; enter labor in the midst of a winter storm; Clyde travels for hours on horseback through the storm the ten miles from her grandmother and the ten miles behind, only to announce that grandmother was not there. This is more like real life than people are. Elinore has the child alone, without any help. Their son is still a child when he gets sick and dies. They lose half their livestock for the ferocious winter. They fight. The last sequence of the film should be optimistic: the birth of a calf. Clyde urgently calls Elinore to help him deliver the calf. Instead of being the head first, the calf is in a breech presentation. He and Elinore must physically extract the calf from the birth canal. There is no CGI, animatronica, deception, fiction or special effects: what you see is what happened, people: a calf is born on a bed of straw in a wooden barn by the light of a lamp. With this, the film does not end so simply as it stops, leaving the viewer dissatisfied, but after a while you appreciate the film as a whole, not just for its finale. <br /> <br /> This little gem rewards patience and thoughtfulness. It will be watchable for a long time after most of the last generation films have long been forgotten.
