Normally I'm a sucker of romantic movies that are well filmed and well performed. This is a romantic (period) film set in 17th century Italy, but shot in French with English subtitles. The fact that it is a period film means that it will inevitably be slower than movies set in the modern era, so someone will be bored. If you can overlook this fact, it's actually a really good movie. The scenery, costumes and cinematography are beautiful, and the main actors and the actress are very exciting in their portraits, projecting the intensity of the emotions that run through the plot. History is like a sad love story with an unhappy ending. It is easy to believe that this is an accurate portrait of real-life characters. Although I was really moved by the main characters and the plot, I decided to verify the validity of the story and discovered that the main theme of the film's story - that of a sad unfinished love story - was completely fabricated. <br /> <br /> In real life, Artemisia was initially raped by Tassi, rather than submitting to her advances willingly and passionately as the film had portrayed. He continued to have sex with him just because he repeatedly promised to marry her. When they were in court, he had not * admitted * the guilt of a pity rape for Artemisia's torture (unlike what the film portrays). In fact, he had tried to portray Artemisia as a free and promiscuous woman with insatiable sexual urges. In the film, his sister testified in court that Tassi had a wife and had sex with his sister-in-law, and the character of Tassi was all the time made to appear as if his sister had slandered him about his alleged relationship with his sister-in-law (although he admits he had a wife in Florence). Needless to say, it really wasn't like that. In reality, far from it. Tassi was indeed responsible for the planned murder of his wife, which he had generated from a rape. And to add to this, Tassi really had sexual relations with his sister-in-law, imbuing her with the process, but all this was not even reciprocal - again, he had raped his sister-in-law before. <br /> <br /> So now we have a clear picture of the real Tassi as a multiple sex offender, what do we do with the movie that Artemisia played as a lover? We consider it an attempt to transform this film into a romantic movie ... that this film was never made to be historically accurate ... Besides these points just mentioned, there were other historical inaccuracies as in his interpretation of the art of Artemisia (in real life, it was never really influenced by the pictorial style of Tassi, and was actually considered a much better painter than Tassi ever was.) One thing remains true and the fact that Artemisia Gentileschi has been credited as the first painter in history, and although her mastery of art rivaled many of her peers, she had always had difficulty getting enough credit for her work because of her kind of woman, in 17th century Italy . <br /> <br /> Enjoy this film itself, because it's a pretty good romantic drama, but it takes its historical references with a pinch of salt.
