Solid yellow rock of a master director of the genre, Sergio Martino. Derived from a wonderful script by Ernesto Gestaldi, this shocking mystery often develops fascinating twists up to the terrifying ending that many might not see in the film. It is when everything is in place that we can go, "Ahh .." The film revolves around the death of a husband (in an airplane explosion) and the million dollars that his wife receives from it. There are those with great interest in that money, one in particular is the lover of the dead. The wife is Lisa (Ida Galli) and the lover who asks for half the money is Lara (Janine Reynaud). She tells Lisa that she knows that death was organized by her to get the insurance money. Lara says she will use her "lawyer", Sharif (Luis Barboo) to get that money. So already, the film produces two possible suspects in Lisa's subsequent murder, which awaits someone in Tokyo. George Hilton plays Peter Lynch. Peter works for a company that investigates those who acquire inheritance to see if the payday was collected in a suspicious manner. When, in her watch, Lisa is killed by a man dressed in black from head to foot in her hotel room, it is a possible suspect. He decides to investigate alone, while he also helps Inspector Stavros (Luigi Pistilli) and Interpol agent, Benton (Tom Felleghy), in search of a killer. The killer strikes several times by eliminating anyone who is around the millions of missing dollars confiscated by the person responsible for Lisa's murder. Soon, the film follows a journalist, Cléo Dupont (the delicious and succulent Anita Strindberg) while she and Peter meet for a dinner in which he could try to smell anything that could break a story for her. Soon they fall deeply in love, but it seems that anyone close to Peter is killed. Soon someone will attack Cléo with the intention of killing, further pushing the investigation into uncharted territory. Because someone should want to hurt a journalist without any real facts to damage what kills people. <br /> <br /> This yellow is smart and exciting enough to follow. The film never softens, which is quite remarkable, since it happens so much that it leaves the question of the identity of the killer open. This film follows the path of the yellow with knife cuts due to a certain pattern that the killer took (the throat and the lower trunk). The conclusion of the film envelops all complex aspects and is quite satisfying. The film has some unique shooting angles, but it provides the products in terms of guiding the plot and the execution of the mystery.
