Sergio Martino struck me recently with his yellow films "The Strange Vice of Mrs Wardh" and the unforgettable title "Your Vice is a Locked Room and Only I Have the Key" - but even so, I didn't expect too much from this movie . The Scorpion's Tail case is not mentioned as much as the aforementioned titles when it comes to the classic Giallo discussion - but I don't know why, because this is at least as good as those two! Dario Argento could be the "king" of Giallo, but with the five films he made - Sergio Martino is certainly not far behind. Somehow, it even surpasses the master. All of Martino's films were published before the jewel in the Silver crown, the magnificent Profondo Rosso, then in the early seventies - Martino was the king! The plot here follows the idea of ​​murder for profit and follows the payment of the insurance of a rich man. His wife inherits $ 1 million, and it doesn't take long before there are people looking for his blood! When he appears dead shortly thereafter, an insurance investigator and an attractive young journalist will follow the case. <br /> <br /> The Scorpion's Tail case may not benefit from the beautiful Edwige Fenech, but has two of Martino's collaborators on board. The most famous is George Hilton, who worked with Marino in Mrs Wardh's The Strange Vice and All the Colors of the Dark, along with a number of other Giallos. Hilton has a big screen presence and every time I see him in an Italian thriller; the reason why it is repeatedly chosen becomes evident. The beautiful Anita Strindberg, who will be remembered by Your Vice, is a Locked Room, starring alongside Hilton and excellently providing the classic female lead of Giallo. Sergio Martino still does a good job in the director's chair, with several beautiful scenes - the best of which takes place in a room lit by green lights! The soundtrack by Bruno Nicolai (Wardh) creates an excellent mood, but it is the script that, once again, is the driving force behind Martino's success. Ernesto Gastaldi, the screenwriter for Martino's other four detective novels, has put together a screenplay that excites as it moves away from the common yellow trap of nonsense; thus freeing this film from the rest of the illogical genre. The Case of the Scorpion's Tail is a quality yellow film, and another success for the great Sergio Martino. If you like Yellow, you will love it!
