The Case of the Scorpion's Tail by Sergio Martino is a scenic thriller of the early 70s of the golden age of the genre. An explosion on a plane generates a million dollars in insurance money for a grieving but unfaithful wife. The money is subsequently stolen by a murderer dressed in black and follows a series of brutal murders. <br /> <br /> Scorpion's Tail interprets the mysterious element, written by the yellow specialist Ernesto Gastaldi, quite straight. But, being a mystery, the same murders are memorable and well organized. In fact, the violence in this film is very strong in places - a scene with a broken bottle is particularly graphic. The emphasis on violence undoubtedly influences the yellow genus to move into an increasingly extreme territory. But like the best films of the genre, brutality is compensated by good scores and attractive photography. Bruno Nicolai's music sometimes recalls the vanguards of Ennio Morricone in The Bird with the Crystal Plumage but is also strong in itself. Photography is aided by the pleasant use of foreign venues - in this case London and Athens - where Martin manages to enter the Houses of Parliament and the Acropolis, respectively! There is also some inventive camera, the most effective is the use of slow movement in a sequence in which a woman runs towards the door where the maniac wanders outside. In this particular scene, Martino has the killer penetrate through the door with a knife in a way influenced by Dario Argento's Crystal Plumage, however, he also has the killer attempt to hit the open bolt with a knife that is something repeated later from Argento in Suspiria. So Martino's film is influential in its own right. <br /> <br /> This is a good solid yellow that genre and non-genre fans can appreciate. Performance is good and production values ​​are good (although the explosion of the plane is, let's say, a bit low budget!). The DVD version of NoShame is nice. It has both English and Italian language options which is a real bonus. However, it is worth emphasizing that sometimes you need to be a fast reader to fully appreciate the English subtitle option. This applies to both the film and the documentary in the extras. This is a minor point, however, the DVD version is a worthy addition to every yellow collection.
