Sergio Martino is a great director, who has contributed a lot to Italian genre cinema and, as far as I am concerned, his Yellows from the 70s are the undisputed highlights of his impressive repertoire. "La Coda Dello Scorpione" alias. "The case of The Scorpion's Tale" of 1971 is one of these impressive films that Martino contributed to the most original subgenre of Italian horror and another proof that man is a master of atmosphere, style and suspense. My favorite of Martino's films I've seen so far is still the insanely brilliant "Your vice is a closed room and only I have the key" of 1972, followed by "Torso" (1973) and "The strange vice of the lady" Wardh "(1971), of which I personally like even more than this. It is purely a matter of personal taste, however," La Coda Dello Scorpione "is an equally excellent film that is essential for all fans of cinema and suspense in general of Italian horror. <br /> <br /> The film, which offers enticing suspense from the start has a complex and compelling storyline that begins with the mysterious death of a millionaire who died in a plane crash. Insurance investigator Peter Lynch (George Hilton) is in charge of verifying the circumstances in which the insurance company is required to pay a large sum to the deceased man's wife.After Lynch begins to investigate, a person is brutally killed, whichit's just the beginning of a series of murders ... <br /> <br /> "The case of the scorpion's tail" excellently offers all the elements of a great Yellow needs. The film is incredibly full of suspense from the beginning, the soundtrack of Bruno Nicolai is brilliant, the plot is wonderfully twisted and the identity of the murderer remains a mystery until the end. The leader of regular yellow George Hilton once again offers an excellent performance in the lead. Sexy Anita Strindberg is absolutely charming in the female lead. It includes the great Luigi Pistilli, one of the most brilliant Italian-style cinema goers of the 60s and 70s, and Alberto De Mendoza, another great actor who should know all the lovers of Italian cinema. Athens, where most of the film takes place, is actually an excellent scenario for a Yellow. The atmosphere is constantly compelling and the photography is fantastic, and the brilliant score by Bruno Nicolai makes the suspense even more intense. To make it short: "La Coda Dello Scorpione" is another excellent Giallo by Sergio Martino and an absolute must for every lover of the subgenus! Elegant, full of suspense and great in all respects!
