I'm really tempted to reward "The Case of the Scorpion's Tail" with a 10 out of 10 rating, but that would be largely due to the fact that I think 70s Italian horror movies are much better than the crap I usually watch. But even without a single point for nostalgia, this is STILL a true masterpiece and earns a high score for its extraordinarily convoluted history, eerie atmosphere, blood-drenched killer sequences and excellent casting choices. In my humble opinion this is actually Sergio Martino's best yellow, and this must mean something like "The strange vice of Mrs. Wardh", "All the colors of darkness", "Torso" and "Your vice is blocked "The room and only I have the key" are all great successes of the genre. But this film is only a tad higher with its ultra-compelling story that revolves around an out-of-control insurance fraud. After the strange death of her husband in an explosion of planes (!), Lisa Baumer promptly becomes a suspect owner of a million dollars and she is eager to leave the country as soon as possible Due to the bizarre circumstances, the insurance company puts their best investigator Peter Lynch on the case and he follows her to Greece, where Lisa becomes the target of many assaults and the mystery of the case increases when it turns out that several people are looking for money, I am always too anxious when I briefly summarize ialli because I don't want to risk revealing essential elements of the plot. In "The Case of the Scorpion's Tail", the events take a sharp and totally unexpected turn before the story is still halfway, and I certainly don't want to ruin it for you. Many herring will follow, but Sergio Martino always manages to stay one step ahead of you and, even if it is not 100% satisfactory, the conclusion is at least surprising. It is also a very elegant film, with imaginative camera shots and excellent music by Bruno Nicolai. Everyone's favorite yellow muse, Edwige Fenech, strangely has not come to this cast (starring in no less than three other yellow superstars), but Anita Strindberg ("Lizard in the skin of a woman", "Who has seen her die ? ") is a substitute rather than worthy of her. The charismatic and big George Hilton is as reliable as ever in his role as an insurance investigator and ?? duh ?? deluxe ladies. If you are a fan of thrillers, do not wait until I have done to WATCH THIS FILM !!!!
