Joan Crawford had just started her "good working girl" phase with the dynamic "Pagato" (1930). He had never tried such a role and critics were impressed. Thus, while other actresses wondered why their careers were founded (because they were clinging to characters that had been the "in" thing a few years ago but were becoming passe), Joan was listening to the public and securing her longevity as an actress. The depression was here and the jazz age children who survived an endless series of parties were frowned upon. Of course, if you became rich by immoral means but suffered from it - it was all right. <br /> <br /> This film begins with a spectacular house boat party. Bonnie Jordan (Joan Crawford) is the most popular girl there - especially when she suggests that everyone goes swimming in their underwear !!! However, when Bonnie's father has a heart attack, due to the stock market loss, both Bonnie and his brother Rodney (William Bakewell) realize who their real friends are. After Bob Townsend (Lester Vail - poor Johnny Mack Brown) offers to do the "right thing" and marry her - they just spent a night together when Bonnie declared (with abandon) that she wants love in approval - she starts show a character deciding to get a job. <br /> <br /> Find a job in a newspaper and impress quickly with your willingness to do well. His workmate is Bert Scranton (Cliff Edwards) and together they receive an assignment to write about the internal activities of the crowd. Rodney also surprises her with the news that he also has a job. She is thrilled for him, but soon realizes that it is a smuggling and is confused with the cold-blooded killer, Jake Luva (Clark Gable). Rodney is witness to a mass shooting and is falling apart, "spilling the beans" to the first person he sees drinking at the bar - which is Bert. So he is forced to kill Bert and later hides himself. The newspaper pulls out all the stops in an attempt to find Bert's killer and sends Bonnie undercover as a dancer in one of Jake's clubs. (Joan does a very lively dance with "Accordian Joe" - much for Sylvie's disgust). The film ends in a shootout and while Rodney lies dying, Bonnie phones in tears into her story. <br /> <br /> This is a super movie with Crawford and Gable giving their all. Natalie Moorehead, who like Sylvie shared a famous "cigarette scene" with Gable at the beginning of the film, was an elegant "other woman" who had her fashion in the early thirties. William Bakewell had a huge career (he started as a teenager in a Douglas Fairbanks film in the mid-1920s). Many of his roles were weak, characters without a spine. In this film he played the weak brother and was completely overwhelmed by Joan Crawford and the dynamic newcomer Clark Gable - maybe that's why he never became a star. <br /> <br /> Highly recommended.
