Second film by Abhay Deol, written by Imtiaz Ali, first attempt by Shivam Nair. Soha probably has her first (?) Meaty role of Megha, a girl who ran away from home and is waiting for her boyfriend Dheeraj (Shayan Munshi) at the Delhi wedding registry office to meet her. She waits and waits and is finally spotted as a damsel in distress by Ankush (Abhay Deol). They spend many days together while untangling one after another, and eventually falls in love with her. Then the boyfriend returns! Aage pardey par dekhiye! Does it sound familiar? This is yet another adaptation of Dostoevsky's White Nights with a small part of the loan from Le Notti Bianchi (very small though - Ankush keeps lovers separate by telling the boyfriend that she is dead!). But this is a more mature and more realistic adaptation (duh) compared to the so exaggerated and overwhelmed Saawariya. I wonder why nobody brought this gem when we were all discussing Saawariya like a madman a few months ago. <br /> <br /> The settings of Delhi are wonderful - there is the obligatory race through old Delhi, the shots of Jama Masjid from a roof, Connaught Circus, roads with rickshaws (What? How?). The colored lights in the hotel are enough to tell you that this is a shabby mix with rooms for rent per hour! <br /> <br /> The more I see Abhay the more I like this young man. In this second film he is pretty good as a rental witness who is given a purpose in life by a beautiful woman. Soha looks beautiful, and when she smiles she adapts to the role, but I found her unconvincing in the most serious moments. I'm not quite sure if you have a great actress in you, or maybe you will bloom late like your brother. The music of Himesh Reshammiya is not exceptional and in fact the film wavers in the songs, they interrupt the story and do not adapt well to the characters that try to sing them. The supporting cast is excellent and I adapt to this adaptation of White Nights. By the way, the fact that I love the cute dimples of Abhay Deol has NOTHING to do with my evaluation.
