Ahista Ahista is a little small brilliant. I started watching it and at first I got a little bored as the pace was slow and the main idea of ​​a guy meeting a girl who got lost wasn't really new. But as the film went on, I started to feel more and more gradually involved in the film, from the fantastic writing and the fascinating love story. The film was extremely simple and natural and after a while I felt that I was looking at a real documentation of a boy's life. There is a good reason why the film had this feeling, and it is the fresh talent called Abhay Deol. He is extremely convincing as a simple Ankush, good-hearted and in difficulty, whose new love drives him to make amends and fight for a better life. Throughout the film, he is presented as a mischievous prankster, but also as a person who helps and loves, who, like anyone else, will do something to protect his love. Deol portrays all the different nuances of his character, both positive and negative, naturally and with extreme ease. <br /> <br /> The direction of Shivam Nair is very good. His description of people's lives in the rural neighborhood is excellent, but what becomes even more impressive is his portrayal of Ankush's relationships with the various people around him, including his friends and his love interest, Megha, which is ready to do anything for I also enjoyed immensely the way Nair interprets her interaction with her friend's noisy and chubby mother she calls "khala" (aunt). He likes to drive her crazy and annoy her at every opportunity, but we see that she occupies a very special place in his heart and is like a mother figure for him as evidenced in different scenes. Except for Abhay, the rest of the cast performed well. Even though Soha Ali Khan didn't stand out in my opinion, she was good and had the charm of her mother. The actors who played Ankush's friends were very good, as was the actress who played Ankush's khala. <br /> <br /> In addition to the shows, the film's script was exceptional. The dialogues were quite ordinary but ingenious, and the script was also fantastic. This is mainly due to the fact that, despite a story not so new, it has never been exaggerated or melodramatic and there have been no attempts to make it seem larger than life. The biggest weakness of the film was Himesh Reshammiya's uninteresting music, which was not suitable for this film. Otherwise, Ahista Ahista was a delightful watch and only got better in every scene. The concept may not be new, but the film manages to look fresh and becomes increasingly moving with history. The finish was bittersweet, a little sad but optimistic. In short, this film really grows on you slowly, and this can easily be attributed to the wonderful writing, the moving moments, the romantic charm, the realistic acts and, of course, the memorable performance by Abhay Deol.
