This period melodrama is one of Griffith's first claustrophobic films. The characters trapped inside a room are prevalent during his work and, over time, he would have become more and more able to portray his impotence and to involve the public in their terror. In the Sealed Room, in no uncertain terms, there is a big difference compared to the normal plot, in which there is really no escape. <br /> <br /> Griffith achieves the claustrophobic effect here in two ways. The first is its use of space. While the typical Biograph short could use a dozen or more series, does The Sealed Room only have two communicating rooms ?? the court of the king and the dovecote that becomes the homonymous tomb. The design set of these shorts is rarely referenced, but here it is essential. The court is a large interior, with a background that suggests greater depth and shows us a window and a staircase. The actors enter and depart from various directions, suggesting that the room is not only spacious, but also free and open. On the contrary, the back wall of the dovecote is very close to the camera, and the corners inside that suggest an hexagonal or octagonal shape make it seem even more confined. <br /> <br /> The second technique presented here is the cross cut. Anyone with an interest in Griffith's work will probably know its intense use and the development of cross-cutting to create excitement or tension. Many will also know that in the strict sense it was not his invention. However, what makes Griffith's cross cuts so effective is the way in which he traverses opposite images so that they complement each other. The Sealed Room contains a good example of what I mean. The shots of the masons who move the heavy bricks have a slow and gradual step towards them, with the tension that increases as the wall rises. This movement is accompanied by the shots of the blissfully unaware lovers, in which Marion Leonard rips the flower petals one by one. As the couple becomes aware of their situation, the growing panic is completed by the opposition of the king's blow that madly lashes his sword against the wall. <br /> <br /> At this point, Griffith still had to realize that the action could be further intensified by introducing a third strand for cross cutting. The dramatic "rescue ride", absent here, would later become the highlight of Griffith's images.
