In 1909, D.W. Griffith had directed films for the Biograph Company for about a year, and ?? working at a rate of two or three a week ?? he was quickly starting to develop his skills as a director. "The Sealed Room" is a very interesting 11-minute short film, a fascinating piece of gothic melodrama that moves slightly into the realm of early horror. The simple narrative was probably inspired by Edgar Allen Poe's short story of 1846, "The Cask of Amontillado", and concerns a powerful king who conceives a delicious form of revenge to punish his wife's infidelity. <br /> <br /> Middle Ages, 'The Sealed Room' begins with the king (Arthur V. Johnson) who oversees the construction of a windowless room from a seized dovecote, the idea is that he and his wife (Marion Leonard) will have a completely private place to enjoy each other's company. He obviously is very much in love with her, always shows his affection, this last act is the crowning of his affection. However, unbeknownst to the king, his wife fell in love with the royal minstrel (Henry B. Walthall). During a romantic relationship inside the purpose-built room, his wife and minstrel are discovered, and the broken king thinks he will get his salary on the ignorant couple. Silently, he orders his workers to seal the single door with stone and mortar, slowly descending into cackling madness as each new stone is placed. <br /> <br /> D.W. Griffith has always had an eye for sharp details and "The Sealed Room" is an excellent example of this. The sumptuous costumes of the Middle Ages give the film a sense of reality, and the interior of the castle seems authentic enough to be credible. At the time, the director was also a pioneer of methods to create suspense, and I must admit that, as the film progressed, I set out to find out what would have happened to the unfortunate young lovers. In the first few minutes, Griffith limits his shots to long shots from a fixed camera (as usual at the time), but soon ?? parallel to the subject progressively darker ?? alters his editing tactics in a fascinating way. Even though he may not have invented the technique, has Griffith been instrumental in popularizing the use of "cross cutting" ?? that is, alternating different events that occur at the same time. This not only creates a sense of continuity, but also maximizes the level of suspense, since we, like the public, are well aware, not only of the horrible actions of the king, but also that the wife and the minstrel are forgetting everything. <br /> <br /> Despite these innovations, "The Sealed Room" suffers from many of the typical shortcomings of the era. The entire film takes place in just two rooms, with footage captured from a total of only three positions, and is therefore inclined to become boring and sometimes monotonous. The acting performances are exaggerated for an extra effect, however, at least in the case of Arthur V. Johnson, his exaggeration has actually helped to recognize the escalation of the betrayed king's madness. A moment that I considered particularly effective was when the two lovers tried to leave the room, only to find their only door replaced with a solid stone wall. Their panic-stricken reactions, accompanied by the king's silent manic shouting, serve very well to create an imminent sense of claustrophobia. I thought, however, that their oxygen supply was surprisingly quickly exhausted.
