After not having had much luck selling his screenplays to the new film industry during the first decade of the twentieth century, in 1908 the playwright D.W. Griffith got the job that would make him a legend: he was hired by the Biograph Company as a film director. It was not exactly what Griffith expected when he decided to enter the world of cinema, but he accepted the job, and in less than a year he became Biograph's most successful director thanks to his original approach to film production and the wild invention of his narrative. Many years later, in 1915, he directed "The Birth of a Nation", the film that would revolutionize cinema and make him one of the first recognized authors of cinema; however, many of the things that would make him a great director can be found in the many short films he made for the Biograph Company in the early years of his career. "The Sealed Room" of 1909 is one of those and also one of the few horror films of the first decade of the 20th century. <br /> <br /> "The Sealed Room" is a story set in the 16th century in which a count (Arhtur V. Johnson) built a windowless room in his castle. It's a small but nice and very cozy room, because it's meant to be used to enjoy the love and company of his wife, the Countess (Marion Leonard) in a more private way. However, the Count does not know that his wife is not exactly faithful, since she is infatuated with the Minstrel (Henry B. Walthall) at Court, with whom she has a relationship. As soon as the Count is busy with his business, the Countess calls the Minstrel and both lovers go to enjoy the new room of the Count. When the Count returns, he discovers that she is missing and begins to suspect, finally discovering the two lovers in his room; but instead of making a scene, he prefers to remain hidden while deciding that there is better punishment for his unfaithful wife: to seal the windowless room with the couple inside. <br /> <br /> Written by Griffiths regular contributor Frank E. Woods, "The Sealed Room" takes elements from "The Cask of Amontillado" by Edgar Allan Poe and "La Grande Breteche" by Honoré De Balzac to create a obsessive gothic melodrama based on the themes of betrayal and sadism. Despite having an execution time of 11 minutes, Woods' script develops the story in a very good way, and plays very well with the horror elements of the story. While at the center a melodrama, Woods focuses on the character of the Count and his sadism creates one of the best horror characters of this first era. "The Sealed Room" is certainly a very simple and basic story, but Woods' management of the dark and morbid theme of his plot makes the story a very funny film that was very different from most of Griffith's melodramas. <br /> <br /> In "The Sealed Room", Griffith uses his talents to experience tension and suspense differently than his usual. While playing often with editing to create thrillers that excited his audience, in this film his goal was to create despair and horror, playing with the innate feeling of claustrophobia that the stories of origin had. It is interesting how the story begins as another of his melodramas and slowly the rhythm gets faster as the horror themes begin to dominate the plot, culminating in his great use of editing for the final scenes. Not being a film where camera tricks are essential, what shines the most in "The Sealed Room" is Griffith's talent in directing his actors, while the legendary director manages to bring out the best in his cast with his usual natural style far from the staginess was the norm in his day. <br /> <br /> As usual, the cast consisted of usual collaborators of Griffith, starting with Arthur V. Johnson as the Count. Johnson gives a great interpretation and really transmits the transition of the character from loving the husband to the sadistic monster. His performance is not without an exaggerated touch, but actually adds realism to the character's exaggerated personality. As Countess, Marion Leonard looks very good and is also very effective in her acting, conveying a natural charm that makes it difficult not to sympathize with her in her betrayal. Finally, the legendary Henry B. Walthall looks like the handsome Minstrel, and far from being one of his best shows, he manages to give a skillful acting that also adds a touch of comedy to the film. While it doesn't really matter to the plot, it's nice to see the other members of Griffith's company in the background, like his wife Linda Arvidson and a young Mary Pickford as nobles at Court. <br /> <br /> While not exactly a masterpiece, "The Sealed Room" is a remarkable editing exercise to create suspense and tension as Griffith did in those days. The film has a very good set design and, although it has a very low budget, Griffith's attention to detail makes it very convincing and works perfectly with his style of directing. The change of attention towards horror makes him stand out among his other films of that era, and Johnson's performance as the sadistic Count makes it worth it. While Griffith will always be remembered for his influential (and controversial) "The Birth of a Nation", the first short films he made before giving a good idea of ​​the development of the techniques and style that would have made him a legend. Simple but elegant, "The Sealed Room" is a fun movie to watch and one of the few horrors of the first decade of the 20th century. 7/10
