Excellent P.O.W. the adventure, adapted by Eric Williams from his book (a pocket copy of which is part of my father's library) inspired by real events; it could be the first film of its kind and, therefore, has a lot to answer for ?? not only examples similar to rigid brim like ALBERT, R.N. (1953, which I will look at the moment), THE COLDITZ STORY (1955) and DANGER WITHIN (1959) but high-profile versions on the other side of the Atlantic, namely STALAG 17 (1953) and THE GREAT ESCAPE (1963). This, therefore, lays the foundation quite firmly: do British soldiers interned in a German camp devise an ingenious escape plan, borrowing a page from the Greek legend? digging from under a vaulted horse used during exercise and in full view of their captors! In reality, the film is divided into two parts: the first deals with the slow process of digging the tunnel, culminating in the escape itself, while the last stages describe their fortunes outside the camp as they try to reach neutral Sweden. Typically of these British films, the cast features several established stars (Leo Genn), current (Anthony Steel) and promising (Peter Finch, David Tomlinson and Bill Travers), not to mention countless reliable character actors (Anthony Dawson, Bryan Forbes, Michael Goodliffe and Walter Gotell). The three drivers / fugitives are Genn, Steel and Tomlinson: while the first two fit together, does this go its own way? just to meet others to achieve safety. As can be expected, the narration involves a lot of suspense and excitement; as with most of P.O.W. even the sagas, the female interest is reduced to a minimum. Did director Lee not have a long career? with this and something similar (even if with a change of both setting and viewpoint) A TOWN LIKE ALICE (1956) its most noteworthy results ?? but he certainly milked every exciting situation in this case (although, according to reports, the delays in filming saw Lee leave his post prematurely leaving the producer Ian Dalrymple with the task of binding the parts!). In any case, exquisite lighting (particularly during night sequences) in all deserves special mention.
