This is the true story of how three British soldiers fled the German POW camp (POW), Stalag Luft III, during World War II. This is the same camp as the prisoners of war that was the scene of the Great Fugue that caused the murder of 50 officers seized by the Gestapo (and later turned into a very successful film of the same name). <br /> <br /> While the other Stalag Luft III prisoners of war are busy working on their three huge tunnels (known as Tom, Dick and Harry), two enterprising British prisoners have had the idea of ​​building a vault of wood that could be placed near the compound wire fence, shortening the distance they would have to dig from this starting point to freedom. The idea of ​​building their version of the Trojan horse came from them as they discussed "classic" escape attempts and watching some prisoners of war playing frog jump in the compound. <br /> <br /> Initially it contained one, and later with two prisoners of war hidden inside, the wooden horse could be brought into the enclosure and placed almost in the same position, near the fence, on a daily basis. While the volunteer prisoners of war flew over the horse, the fugitives were busy inside the horse digging a tunnel from under the vaulted horse while they were positioned near the wire, under the wire and in the woods. <br /> <br /> The story also describes the dangers that two of the three fleeing prisoners of war faced as they traveled through Germany and occupied Europe after emerging from the tunnel. All three prisoners of war who tried to escape actually hit the slopes at home (they successfully fled to their home base). The Wooden Horse gives a very precise and true feeling of the tension and events of a POW breakout. The film was shot in real places along the path where the two prisoners of war traveled in their escape. Made on a much lower budget than The Great Escape, The Wooden Horse is more realistic if not more exciting than The Great Escape and it never fails to keep you away from your seat and root for prisoners of war to make it flee. <br /> <br /> The plot is sharp and the acting sounds real and is tense enough to keep the tension on the whole film. The Wooden Horse is based on the eponymous book by one of the fugitives, Eric Williams, and is, by far, the best POW escape story ever made in a film. Some of the actual prisoners of war were used in the film to resume their existence as prisoners in Stalag Luft III. I give this film a deserved ten.
