Something of the 40-year-old virgin and the other summer comedy, Wedding Crashers, is similar, but they are two different films in some respects. Both are romantic comedies that have the kind of exaggerated and crazy sensitivity that keeps teenagers and teens between 20 and the usual goers to go and watch movies. Both have some sort of formula for pure stories. But at the end of the 40-year-old virgin, I think I found on the whole that it was more satisfying than "Crashers". Although you can guess where the relationship story with the character of Steve Carrell, Andy and the character of Catherine Keener will go, Trish, it's not too simple to understand how Crashers, and the characters both leader and supportive are realistic, more rounded than the most one-dimensional or inexplicable people in the other. And, perhaps, it can also depend on how much you identify (or find only madness) in both. <br /> <br /> The fact is that some people could enter The 40 Year Old Virgin without knowing Steve Carrell as well as Owen Wilson or Vince Vaughn, as Carrell built his cult status at The Daily Show (one of my favorite shows right now) and in small but unforgettable revolting roles in Anchorman and Bruce Almighty. This is his first leading role, but he is not treated as a third choice vehicle. He and co-writer / director Judd Apatow treat the character of Andy with a certain level of sincerity that keeps the audience on his side all the way, even at the beginning, as he talks with his action figures as he re-paints them. It is also a complicated line to walk on - in the hands of the owner this could not be more or less fun than the Lackluster 40 Days and 40 Nights with Josh Hartnett (also on sexual dysfunctions). As the title suggests, Andy is the 40-year-old who is like the friendly friend with a little bit of Pee-Wee Herman in him (the opening on the credits of his apartment is hilarious, a good sign). <br /> <br /> So his friends (including Paul Rudd, Romany Mancoy, Seth Rogen, all excellent comics) seek and devise different strategies and suggestions to finally break the kind of curse on Andy's head to burst the his cherry, so to speak. He almost always approaches a woman who is too drunk, almost with a strange girl, and almost with his boss (Jane Lynch, also very funny in fake documentaries) as a (explicit) friend. But soon everything starts to fade when he enters a meaningful relationship with Trish, who works in front of him. While relying on a relationship that is not based on sex at all, one might fear that the plot of "how are you going to tell her such things" could hinder the play. It is not so. In reality, if anything, Carrell and the cast rely on it to a very high degree. For almost an hour and a half of the film's two-hour duration, there was barely a moment I wasn't laughing, both big and small. <br /> <br /> Big laughs, however, not only compensate for any kind of formalities with the plot, or one or two small wandering stories (workmates have their relationship problems, Rudd is the most fun). The big laughs come thanks to Carrell's reactions, and that the people around him can back up with their sort of humor / charm, or that it is with a certain truth. Keener gives a very good performance and makes sure there is a genuine spirit in their relationships (and, not-like the 'Crashers', there isn't much that doesn't make sense to the character). For someone like me who loves it when a comedian manages to get a laugh just from the way it appears on his face, Carrell gets very high points here. And like in a Farrelly brothers movie, the most vulgar or outrageous scenes are made with total absurdity; the "waxing" scene (which was done for real, by the way) and the kind of musical number of Aquarius towards the end of the film (the way it comes out at first is a total, amazing surprise). But if you're willing not to feel offended by this, there's more to where it comes from. This is one of the most entertaining films of the year.
