Criticism of the film EVENING, based on the novel by Susan Minot and adapted for the screen by Minot and Michael Cunningham, was harsh, so hard that it may have discouraged many viewers from trying the movie. The main criticism focused on the fact that in this film there was very little concern for a dying woman due to a mistake made during a summer in her youth, that very minor roles were assigned to famous actors, that the entire production was overcrowded, etc. . For this viewer, seeing the film on a DVD in the quiet of the house, a very different reaction took place. <br /> <br /> Ann Grant Lord (Vanessa Redgrave) is dying in her home near the ocean and her medicines and the memories allow her to share a man's name - "Harris" - with her two grown daughters Nina (Toni Colette) and Constance (Natasha Richardson). While her daughters sit at her bedside Ann relives a special summer when she was a bridesmaid for her best friend Lila (Mamie Gummer) - a marriage with both Ann (Claire Danes as young Ann) and her alcoholic brother of Lila, Buddy (Hugh Dancy), feeling that Lila was simply marrying a man of her class instead of the boy she loved - Harris Arden (Patrick Wilson), the son of his housekeeper who had become a doctor. Harris, Buddy, Lila and Ann are intertwined in a series of infatuations and novels that have been kept secret until now, 50 years later, while Ann is dying. The old Lila (Meryl Streep) visits Ann at the end and the secrets are revealed: "there are no such things as mistakes - life goes on". The film is a delicate mood mood and the script by Minot and Cunningham is full of atmosphere and subtle life lessons. Yes, there are gaps in history that could have used more explanations, but to maintain the aura of nostalgia for the words of a dying woman, such "holes" are understandable. The film is honored by the presence not only of Redgrave, Richardson (Redgrave's real daughter), Collette, Gummer (Streep's real daughter), Meryl Streep, Claire Danes, Eileen Atkins, Glenn Close, Hugh Dancy and Patrick Wilson, but also of a cast of short but very solid performances. The setting is beautiful (the cinematography of Gyula Pados) and the soundtrack is the inimitable Jan A.P. Kaczmarek. Lajos Koltai ("Being Julia") directs: judges this film alone ... Grady Harp
