So many wonderful actresses in a film were a practical invitation to local cinema, so I duly replied. Here are some comments .. <br /> <br /> Vanessa Redgrave is also fantastic in bed. She also looks very old and I don't think this is achieved with much makeup, which is a good thing for the film, but a sad thing for us viewers. I think his aging has become a bit tough in recent years. Claire Danes continues her welcome return to the cinema and exudes a definite warmth. The resemblance of Mamie Gummer with her mother Merly Streep both in terms of physical appearance and acting is so amazing that I lost focus on the film for a couple of minutes after it entered. It's surprisingly good; however such a similarity has the danger of working against his favor. I agree with a previous comment: Natasha Richardson has certainly done a plastic job to her face. Certainly it doesn't resemble how I remember it in his previous films ("Nell" for example.) Unfortunately, both she and Toni Collette don't make much impression partly because they don't seem convincing as sisters. Their interaction is weak. Toni Collette is too old for his character. Glenn Close and Meryl Streep had to have more screen time. Streep's performance is actually little more than a cameo. On the other hand, his scenes have a greater emotional resonance than the rest of the film. Eileen Atkins offers a certain dry humor, especially in her second role as an imaginary nocturnal companion of Redgrave's character. As for men; Hugh Dancy animates the film considerably even though it offers a wider performance than necessary. In fact, as soon as the story comes out it starts to drag. It is also to his credit that he manages to create the exact necessary sense of childish fascination in the viewer. Patrick Wilson on the other hand is a complete void in the center of the film. He also has the misfortune that the script is not enough to explain why three people (one of them a man) are so affected by this man. The background of this should have been developed more. <br /> <br /> Cinematography is excellent as expected. However, the main set of the summer house failed to convince me. It doesn't look natural on the top of that rocky hill, particularly with its front lawn. A little too much cardboard. <br /> <br /> On the whole, the film is a class production, but feeling all-before-before-before took over during most of its duration and therefore failed to make the kind of impact on me that I expected from a tear-jerker. However, he still managed to make me reflect on the passage of time, on the expectations of life and on the extent to which these are met or not. It's worth trying at least on DVD if not at the cinema ...
