After seeing the trailer for Evening, you'll probably think first of how beautiful the cast is (I mean they also have Brad's Brady Horror, Barry Bostwick, to show the world he's still acting), and the second next about how they got us just showed the whole movie. Although not entirely true, the film is basically summarized in the trailer, and it's not necessarily a bad thing. This is the story of a dying woman who remembers a long time ago when she met the love of her life, the one who fared well. Her daughters hear it reminiscent of people they've never heard of and the story of what happened when she and Harris killed Buddy early on. No matter what happens, however, the film does not talk about these people and what they do, for better or for worse. It is a vehicle to show that there are no mistakes in life. What could be a regret could actually be the only case in your life that had to happen because the good times that followed never happened. <br /> <br /> The story itself is well told and very clearly adapted from the literature. Our directors here decide to tell the story between the present (Ann on his deathbed), the dream state (Ann hallucinating combining the present with the past in his mind) and the past (Ann who meets Harris at the wedding of the his best friend). There are some times when the cuts are a bit abrupt, and the progression of the past is so good that you can find things present a bit long and boring, but overall it's better managed than before. It's not as if Ann's life is not interesting now, she has only less to do with the plot, so she does with the moral that is learned. While I concede that the parallels with the past help alleviate the problems for Ann's children at present, I was still a little too kidnapped in marriage to worry about how much I might have. There are some good moments, even if, for example, the crash that awakens Ann from the sleep that is mirrored later, and from the cryptic dreams that connect both worlds. <br /> <br /> It is the acting that makes the flashbacks so compelling and fluid. These performances are completely compelling to the point where you get a little angry when our time has changed and we have to wait to find out what happens next. No matter how annoying I find the angry / sad / crying face of Claire Danes that exists in every role she plays, the girl is good at what she does. I find myself warming myself more and more with his talents, and this time he welcomes me. Patrick Wilson is always very good at what I saw in him. You have to give him the credit for choosing really fantastic roles and never having made more than one movie a year. From the Angels in America to the Little Children last year, the boy will soon explode, but I hope he will remain faithful to the trade and not to the cash-in. Heck, even Mamie Gummer is as good as the younger version of her real mother, Meryl Streep, (which surprises very little in the movie). It is still rough, but it was wonderful to express the emotional turmoil that her character went through on her wedding day. The real revelation, however, is Hugh Dancy. I feel I've seen it in a lot of things, but in fact it only seems to King Arthur. Dancy literally steals every scene he finds himself in and the way his role as Buddy is ravaged by love / alcohol / life is etched into his facial expressions. Without his performance, the flashback sequences may have fallen into the somewhat forgettable category like the rest of the film and made the experience as a whole much worse. <br /> <br /> Although not entirely original in the ways of what writers are after, the evening brings intelligence and skill to the table. You might be able to criticize the length and amount of scenes cut to tie everything together, but you can't argue that acting isn't worth sticking to. Perhaps a cinematic version of marriage alone could have been something to be seen, however, when it is all put together, there may also be something that may not have been accomplished without all the other stories. In any case, the reward is worth the ride for the most part and every plane of reality ends with its subtle beauty and lives up to what it came before.
