While on her deathbed, Ann Lord (Vanessa Redgrave) repeats the name "Harris" and remembers the day of the 50s when she was an aspiring singer and traveled from New York to be the maid of honor of her rich friend Lila Wittenborn (Mamie Gummer) in Newport. Ann Grant (Claire Danes) is greeted by Lila's, alcoholic and reckless brother Buddy (Hugh Dancy) in the seaside Wittenborn cottage and tells her that her sister is in love with their friend and servant Harris Arden (Patrick Wilson) who fought in war and graduated in medicine. Later the bride confesses her true feelings for Harris to Ann. However, when Ann meets Harris, he has a crush on him and they have a brief relationship overnight while a tragedy happens with Buddy. Meanwhile, Ann's daughters, the insecure and unstable Nina Mars (Toni Collette) and the happy wife and mother Constance Haverford (Natasha Richardson), are worried about their mother and have differences to resolve. <br /> <br /> "Serata" has one of the best female casts I've ever seen in a movie, with magnificent performances. The resemblance of the beautiful Mamie Gummer with her mother Meryl Streep is incredible and has a performance that honors her mother's name. The settings, costumes, set design, cinematography and soundtrack are also fantastic. Unfortunately the plot is confusing and I did not understand the message of this film clearly. Why is motherhood so important in history? Constance was raised on the night of Ann and Harris and he would become his father? Why didn't Ann and Harris stay together, if the boy really loved her as he confesses on their occasional meeting in New York? What problems did Ann Lord solve after Lila Ross's visit? Was Buddy Wittenborn bisexual or was his love for Harris a brotherly love? Why did Nina Mars change her thoughts about motherhood in the end? It seems that the writers or the director have failed since they have not been able to make sense of the beautiful love story. My vote is seven. <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): "Ao Entardecer" ("In the Eventide")
