Evening is the beautiful story of a mother's imperfect love. The film splits in time, is magically filmed, acted in a surprising way and has a moving script. Vanessa Redgrave plays Anne Grant Lord, a woman who sets from life. Lying in her bed, her mind that remembers and is inattentive, remembers her first mistake. Claire Danes plays the young Anne, giving youthful vitality to the dying woman on the dying bed. Daughters Nina (Toni Collette) and Constance (Natasha Richardson) try to decipher the true story of discouraging dementia. His first mistake revolves around Harris Arden (Patrick Wilson); man his best friend Lila (Mamie Gummer) deeply loved. The daughters have to deal with their mother's past and their future. The cast is bright in Evening. The collective acting energy of this film could have fed the equipment for the production of this entire film. I'm so happy to see that Claire Danes is working again, especially in this role. She is so young and alive, that she fully lives the joys, the errors and the heart of the first error of the young Anne. This is a real undertaking when you realize that she is playing a woman, dying in bed. When her life engulfs her, you can feel her desire to break and her hope without hope that she will not. Some of his facial expressions have softened a bit, but despite all his performance was so radiant, I only have a side note left. Toni Collette continues to prove that you can be a powerful actress without being a super model. She plays the black sheep of the family; a little lost. Nina finds great strength in her mother's mistake. Collette gently avoids creating a cruel character who rejoices at her mother's mistakes, choosing instead the wisest path to learn from her mother's mistakes. There are many internal struggles between Nina and her sister Costanza. Their fights remind me of those I have with my sister all the time. Mamie Gummer, who plays Anne's best friend, is wonderful. His character is stuck between his heart and his status in society. Even when she cries and her heart breaks, she is incredibly regal and charming. I can't wait to see her acting in something else in the future. Vanessa Redgrave's performance is very difficult to describe. His talent for making his mental state ambiguous without being a wacko or even a particularly tragic one is why he is so powerful. The public does not know if it is inventing the story because it is slipping away or if these events really happened. Physically and emotionally speaking, Redgrave acts in a box. Not much physical space and limited emotional range could have been a minor actress's crash, but she makes the limitations work for her. I was constantly surprised. The film is definitely centered on women, but the men in the film are not just accessories. Patrick Wilson is mesmerizing like Harris. No wonder everyone in the movie is in love with him, he certainly is. Buddy Wittenborn is Lila's brother, spiraling out of control. Hugh Dancy bursts Buddy out of control, without completing his acting. Glen Close has my favorite scene in the film. It reminded me of the famous Monster's Ball scene. It's a terrible and terrible pain. I was completely stunned. The only disappointment acting was Natasha Richardson. While his fighting scenes were memorable, most of his acting has the flavor of melodrama. She would have liked to take an acting bath before having to breathe her stench. It's a good thing he wasn't in charge of the images. The images in the film are sparkling. Film director Gyula Pados failed to make a film richer in color, the light so perfectly matched with mood and emotion. The visual concepts of flashback sequences are powerful and resonant. There were many scenes that could have been stopped, printed, edited and sold as art. I admit, I cried. Evening is a powerful film. The evening is provocatively a chick movie but a really big poop hit. If you want to impress a woman with a cinematic choice, choose Sera.
