Since I started reading the book on which this film is based, I have mixed feelings about the filmed result. I learned long ago to see the film adaptation of a book before reading the book, because I discovered that if I read the book before I was inevitably disappointed in the film. This would undoubtedly be true here, while in the case of Atonement, which is probably the best film adaptation of a book I've ever seen, it probably wouldn't have mattered. <br /> <br /> I'm trying to figure out what the cause is, and I suspect I have to point the finger at Michael Cunningham. As much as I respect him for The Hours (which I haven't read but I've seen and impressed me) I can't escape the feeling that he didn't adapt Susan Minton's book so much while taking some of the characters and the basic premise and writing about it his film. <br /> <br /> It's not like I don't like the movie. I love the movie, and that's why, since I started reading the novel, I feel upset about the whole thing. I feel disloyal to Mrs. Minton for enjoying the film that was so deeply detached from her work. Reading it, I can understand why he had such a struggle by adapting it. Unlike what one film reviewer said, it's not so much the fact that some novels don't deserve to be a movie; it's more like some books fail to make the transition. Mrs Minton's novel operates on such a personal and intimate level of her central character, so internally, that it seems to me impossible to place it in a physical realm. Although much of the book is a memory of real events, it is memory, and so fragmented and ethereal as to be, that I feel, not filmable. I think Ms. Minton's work is a real literary work, but she can't make the transition to the film, which doesn't detract from its value. <br /> <br /> I can't say yet that Evening, the movie, does not represent Evening, the novel, in a more than superficial way, since they are only halfway, but the original should make a huge leap to look like the movie that follows at this point. I imagine he is writing it because I feel that if you are going to adapt a novel, adapt it, but don't make it different from what it is not. I'm not sure that Michael Cunningham did anything completely original, but from what I see so far the things he did are all based on someone else's work. We would not have had The Hours if Virginia Woolf had not written Mrs. Dalloway, and we would not have had Sera, in her distressing form, if Susan Minton had not had so many problems doing what probably should not have been attempted in the first place. But it is too much to say that it would be better if Mrs. Minton had gone off pretty well alone, because Sera, the film, is a satisfying and beautiful job. <br /> <br /> So my confusion, mixed feelings, sense of disloyalty and final conclusion that, in this case, the novel cannot be the film and vice versa, and my eventual gratitude to both writers for doing what they did, so you have both jobs as they are.
