The first "side story" of the universal Gundam universe of the century presents a new and refreshing look at the war between the earth and the space colonies. Attention is no longer focused on a small group of individuals who will continue to play key roles in the conflict, but on the everyday civilian population and how the war is seen through their eyes. <br /> <br /> contains some Gundam staples, its premise is the attempts of a ZEON team to capture an experimental Gundam, but it's the execution of the plot that made this show so interesting to watch. This series focuses on the experiences of a boy named Alfred and the relationship between his neighbor, Christina Mckenzie, who is secretly a Federation pilot and a newbie pilot Zeon named Bernie Wiseman. Alfred develops a kind of "brotherly love" for Bernie while our young Zeon pilot also falls for Christina. <br /> <br /> "War in the Pocket" shows that an epic tale of special people is not needed to make for a good war story. There are no ace pilots or large-scale fleet battles here. This short episode of OVA focuses much more on the emotional drama of the characters than on other topics such as politics or philosophy and I love how characters are realistically represented. Alfred is the typical everyday boy who plays violent computer games and thinks the military is fantastic. An intensive course is then given in the horrific realities of war. The unlikely friendship and bond between Bernie and Christina, everyone not aware of the fact that they are soldiers in different parts of the war, is played very real without exaggerating the dramatic novel. The same is true of the endearing relationship between Alfred and Bernie. Having said that, I wouldn't want to ruin much of the story here, but it makes the heart a lot more heartbreaking to watch the tragedies that take place as the show moves along its emotionally devastating devastation finale. <br /> <br /> Despite its lack of action, this show never falls into the category of "boring". The characters are so engaging that they bring the whole show. Don't worry because there are a number of mobile suit action scenes scattered here and there. Each of them is magnificently animated to a level that exceeds that of an OAV and will surely satisfy the lust for some "mandatory" mobile suit battles in a Gundam series. <br /> <br /> Normally when watching anime in Japanese or English, I would leave it to personal preferences. But in this case, I highly recommend the English vocal track on the Japanese one. Not only the characters, who all except Alfred are Caucasians, seem more credible in English, but the performances of the English vocal cast are on par and even exceed the Japanese ones, infusing each character with emotions and intonations so realistic that they seem only to act in some drama films live. <br /> <br /> In short, this show does not try to impress the public. What it does is transmit numerous moving themes that strike closer to home, particularly the death of innocence on the battlefield and the horrors of war through the eyes of a child. A really touching little story that deserves more credit than what is given.
