This is a complex film that explores the effects of Fordist and Taylorist modes of industrial capitalist production on human relations. There are constant references to the production of assembly lines, where workers are treated like gears in a machine, controlled by managers who handle the clipboard, check how much hair the exposed and licensed workers (Stanley) who meet all the criteria leave (as he says his supervisor, I'm always on time, I'm hard workers, they do a good job) but who can, in an unspecified future, make a mistake. <br /> <br /> This system destroys families - Stanley has to send his father to a nursing home (where he dies quickly) after Stanley has lost his job. Iris's daughter is a single teenage mother who leaves school to take a job in the factory. It refers to the fact that now, with declining wages, both partners must work, with the implication that there is no one left at home to take care of children. Iris's husband died of an illness, and with the multiple references in the film about the costs of medical care, the viewer must ask himself if he could live with better and more expensive treatments. Iris's brother-in-law becomes violent after yet another unsuccessful day at the unemployment office when his wife yells at him to buy a beer with his savings instead of leaving her for his face-lift and / or work on his teeth (even the working class without any interest in the conventional bourgeois notions of perfection and beauty they buy into them). The only reference to the race in the film is that of a black line worker whose husband is in prison (presumably he is also black, and black men suffer disproportionately high incarceration rates). She notes that he, like her, "is doing the time" - his family consists of a prisoner and a wage slave. <br /> <br /> Stanley, however, still believes in human relations and is therefore mostly films outside the system of Fordist capitalism. He takes care of his father despite the fact that it was his father's traveling salesman who caused his illiteracy - he has not yet reduced human relations to a purely instrumental contract, as does Iris's brother-in-law (suggesting he "married" the wrong sister "). He, as Iris says, does not conform to everyone else's sleep-work-work routine, but rather uses the technology and techniques of industrial production in a traditional and creative way, in a sort of ideal Bauhaus: This was the dream of the early modernists and socialists of the 1920s (such as the Bauhaus): using technology to satisfy all basic needs, allowing more free time for creative human work and more complete human relationships. outside of traditional gender relations, cooking, cleaning, taking care of her family and knowing how to iron Iris, on the other hand, lives in a traditionally masculine role - she is a worker, the main fon of income for his (extended) family, and brings Stanley into the public realm, traditionally off-limits to women. By teaching her to read and write, she gives him access to the world of knowledge, even the traditional male gender. <br /> <br /> Literacy here is used as a metaphor for the (traditionally male) realm and circulation systems (monetary, vehicular, cultural) which allows participation in the public sphere. Without this access, Stanley is feminized - the jobs open to him are cooking and cleaning. He is excluded from all regular circulations, unable to participate in the monetary (he cannot open a bank account), to the vehicle (he cannot obtain the driving license, he cannot drive the bus), and in the social (he asks if he exists if he can't write his name). <br /> <br /> After learning to read, grab books on car repair, agriculture and spirituality (the Bible). The Word of God is therefore relativized, placed on the same level of value as the instruction books. In fact, organized religion in general is present only occasionally - the Bible also appears on a dresser while the camera opens to find Stanley and Iris having sex. It is, however, recognized as a moral force - Iris, clearly a character dedicated to living a "good" life, mentions at the beginning of the film that her rosary was among the objects lost in a handbag. <br /> <br /> Once able to read, enter the system and land a managerial position with a health care plan, a car and a house, taking his place as head of household, the breadwinner. Presumably, he is an industrial designer, who dreams of products that will require others to endure the hard work of the assembly line to produce. This ending, probably the only conventional piece of Hollywood in the film, is so incongruous with everything that came before I wonder if it was not forced by some Studio exec suddenly worried about the lack of a wellness finale and its potential effect on the bottom line. <br /> <br /> Now that, according to the experts, we have quietly moved to post-industrial capitalism, the film also has a slightly nostalgic aspect, as if we needed historical distance to really analyze what happened during that period. <br /> <br /> However, it is highly recommended, at least if you want to exercise your brain. Ignore the ending, and it's close to a perfect 10.
