I love all dogs going to heaven even if I'm a boy. This and The Land Before Time are the best animated films made by Don Bluth! In the film Gharlie Barkin (Burt Reynolds) is helped by his friend Itchy (Dom DeLuise) of the New Orleans pound sterling freedom in 1939. Charlie, who works in the casino industry, wants to share the same thing with his partner Carface (Vic Tayback ). Carface who is not willing to share the tie with Charlie pushes a car over a bridge and Charlie kills him! Charlie enters heaven and meets Annabelle (Melba Moore) who shows Charlie that her time is up by showing him a watch that has stopped and she explains that All Dogs goes to Heaven because all dogs are naturally good! Charlie hides the chronometer behind his back and brings him back and returns to the earth alive with Annabelle screaming You can never go back! Charlie reunites with Itchy and they go to explore early to discover that Carface has not only tried to kill Charlie, but also kidnapped an orphan girl named Ann Marie (Judith Barsi). When Carface leaves Charlie and Itchy help Ann Marie escape. The next day Charlie Itchy and Ann Marie go looking for money! Ann Marie sees a couple who thinks she can become a parent for her! While Ann Marie talks to the couple, Charlie sneaks up behind the man and steals the wallet! Charlie Ann Marie and Itchy then go to a horse race where they bet the man's money that a horse will win the race! The horse they said would win the wind by winning and Charlie, Itchy and Ann Marie were paid $ 1,000 for the bet! Charlie promises Ann Marie to use the money to give to the poor, but ends up buying a new casino and gambling and buys pizza for his friend Flo (Loni Anderson) and her puppies. Soon Ann Marie discovered that Charlie had stolen the wallet from the man and used his money for the horse race and everything else! Charlie sad for this has a dream of going to Hell and the Devil! Soon Charlie wakes up and finds out that Ann Marie is gone! She went to give the wallet to the couple who forgives her wallet and invites her to have breakfast! Charlie asks Ann Marie to leave with him and pretends to be sick but is captured by rats trying to feed them in King Gator but they manage to escape! Soon Carface shows up and captures Ann Marie. He plans to drown her, but Charlie comes to the rescue and calls King Gator who eats Carface. Charlie's time is up and he must die again. Itching with the help of other dogs finds the couple that brought Ann Marie and takes them to come with them where Ann Marie is. They are there in time to save Ann Marie, but I'm late to save Charlie, the time is up! Charlie, awarded for his heroic effort to save Ann Marie, is welcomed back to Heaven, but before entering he greets Ann Marie, who was adopted by the couple and asks her to take care of Itchy for him. He says yes and tells Charlie that he loves him and goodbye! Charlie enters Paradise again as they say All Dogs Go to Heaven! Full of wonderful animations, characters and stories, Don Bluth has shown us once again that he is a good animator! Too bad this movie was released the same year that Little Mermaid is my favorite Disney movie! They both came out in 1989, the year before I was born! I believe I will have to call them both the best animated features of 1989! 10 out of 10!
