First of all, 'St. Ives's film is based only vaguely on the story of Robert Louis Stevenson of the same name, but for once, this is not a criticism. The original novel was a work-in-progress, unfinished at the death of the author and, by adapting it freely and giving a final, the filmmakers brought to life some captivating characters that, although different from the original by Stevenson, I'm sure, they enchanted and amused. <br /> <br /> It's 1813: Captain Jacques de Kéroual de Saint-Yves is a Breton aristocrat, orphaned by the guillotine of the Revolution, which now served as a hussar in Napoleon's army. We meet him going out for the evening, arguing that since a hussar who did not die by the 30th is "a black guard", he, at 34, is now "on loan"! Certainly, while facing a series of challenges to duels, our unrestrained hero seems in danger, but a surreal joke about his colonel provides him with a way out of the duels and in the bed of a beautiful courtesan / singer. Unfortunately, this also involves the loss of his commission ... Further misadventures leads him to be taken prisoner by the British, and sent to a prison camp in a Scottish castle. <br /> <br /> While carving toys and boxes, Jacques attracts the attention of Flora, the young niece of Miss Susan Gilchrist, a woman from all over the world who lives in Swanston Cottage. They fall in love and most of the story concerns Flora who helps Jacques escape and finds his emigrated grandfather, the old Comte. Of course, there is a problem. Jacques' elder brother, Alain, a dissolute alcoholic, is - perhaps understandably - far from happy when his grandfather disinherited him in front of the whole family, just as Jacques appeared ... Cue betrayal! There is also an amusing subplot of the love story between the naive but kind-hearted Major Farquhar Chevening and Aunt Susan, who crossed much of the Ottoman Empire and was a prisoner of the Turks. <br /> <br /> Even taking into account a natural bias in favor of any film in which heroines share my surname, "St. Ives is magical! Combine beautifully reckless sword fights, a hot air balloon, a comedy and a "Romantic adventure. I would recommend it to anyone who loves" the kind of films that they don't make anymore "- Fairbanks, Colman, Flynn, & co. The acting is splendid. Anna Friel makes Flora a lively and captivating heroine, and Jean-Marc Barr it is delightful as Jacques, a genuinely lovable hero. Miranda Richardson and Richard E. Grant are already my favorites, and they have a lot of fun like Susan and Farquhar, whose relationship is a comical counterpoint to that of the protagonists. , but in the end a tragic Alain, Jason Isaacs shows, as he did more recently in 'The Patriot', which has the classic swashbuckling style, in addition to attractive handsome appearance! Please, please someone will write it as a * hero * in the gener e? !!! <br /> <br /> My main quirks with the film are about settings and costumes. In the book, the castle in which Jacques is a prisoner is clearly Edinburgh, but the film, shot in Ireland, Germany and France, has "set" the setting, making the preservation of names of places such as Swanston, Inveresk and Queensferry decidedly incongruous. Even the costumes are a real hotch-potch, from 1780 to the period in which it is set. While this would not be implausible with the most yielding characters of the "pretend", it seems strange for wealthy ladies like heroines to wear clothes from 1780 in 1813. Clearly, the choice of costume was aesthetic: these previous styles are visually very more attractive and elegant than Regency fashions, and work in the idealized world of the film. Overall, 'St. Ives' is 90 minutes of pure delight.
