Like his older brothers, Claude Sautet and Jean-Pierre Melville, Alain Corneau began to cut his teeth in French cinema with a series of excellent thrillers: "La Menace" (1977) and "Série Noire" (1979) among others . "Police Python 357" is a good example of how Corneau conceived and shot his works at this time in his career. They had a splendid cinematography, meticulous scripts and a sophisticated direction designed for efficiency. <br /> <br /> Police Superintendent Ferrot (Yves Montand) is a policeman with unconventional methods who usually works all by himself. She meets a young woman Sylvia Léopardi (Stefania Sandrelli) and becomes her lover ignoring that she has another lover: her superior Ganay (François Périer). When the latter learns it, he kills her in a fit of anger. Ferrot must investigate the murder and all the clues are inexorably against him ... <br /> <br /> It could be assumed that this type of unlikely story is not without flaws and sometimes can be seen up to background but Corneau's pedantic style of direction helps to recreate a stifling and dark atmosphere. The first part of the movie before the night of the murder may seem uninteresting and yet, it is crucial for what follows this key moment. Corneau falls on a sober treatment with rather scattered moments and brief appearances of secondary characters, minor that the spectator will see again during the investigations. Despite the drawbacks, Corneau and his screenwriter Daniel Boulanger have written a clever story. Ménard (Mathieu Carrière) who sometimes expresses his surprise because Ferrot maintains a relatively low profile during the investigation. But his superior knows that he usually works alone. In reality, Ferrot must find solid tricks to tarnish the waters and then to exonerate himself. In the end, the main idea of ​​the film concerns Ferrot himself. He is a policeman who gradually loses his identity and finds himself in the heart of a terrible depersonalization. It is synthesized from the moment you throw acid on your face so that witnesses do not recognize it when it is brought face to face with them. <br /> <br /> Against the background of this thriller, Orléans is effectively enhanced by Corneau's camera and helps to inspire this ominous thriller with its pernicious charm.
