Knowing what to expect (overall) from a performance by Denzel Washington - quality, integrity, gravity, humorous irony - will prepare you for what awaits you from its directorial debut. Just like Robert De Niro's A Bronx Tale, Antwone Fisher offers the moving drama of a young man's life and the effects of key figures in his life. Just as in A Bronx, Tale De Niro played one of these key figures in the main character (himself a character born to play but too old). Washington also takes on the paternalistic role of the titular character in this role - a character seems to be played by a Washington 20 years ago. Thanks Washington is too old to play Antwone, because if it did we would first be deprived of the wonderfully measured and cleverly nuanced performance it gives as a Navy adviser. However, more importantly, we could not see the superb, we can only hope for the creation of stars, moving from Derek Luke to the main role. Inevitably the character appears shaped in the form of Washington, however one gets the impression that this is not just because Washington directed it, not that Luke was trying to copy it, but that Luke is really powerful and thought to provoke an actor like Washington . It took too long for Washington to receive the Academy Award it deserved for Malcolm X, Philadelphia, Devil In A Blue Dress and The Hurricane, so let's hope Luke doesn't have to wait that long. Also a great casting piece was Joy Bryant in the role of Fisher's girlfriend, Cheryl. While the part could have been a forgettable medium or a standard "girlfriend" role, Bryant infuses it into life. Tender and intelligent, the role transcends the stereotypes with Bryant who lives there, and makes the part significant and interesting. It doesn't hurt either that Bryant is the most attractive woman you'll see on celluloid this year - just the smile could melt the coldest heart. Functionality and behavioral looks - because it is not this woman in all that is done at the moment. Provide good support in a small role in Salli Richardson as the wife of Washington Berta. Saying more with a silence or a look that many Hollywood actresses manage to manage in an entire movie, informs the public of the entire plot long before an exhibition occurs. As for Washington's directing, as I said, it is the directorial equivalent of his acting. Gathering the story of a man of whom few viewers will have heard and make it really interesting is a difficult undertaking that Washington realizes with ease. The film is neither hasty nor flashy, but it never seems slow or boring. It is measured and nuanced, perfectly balancing humor and drama. Antwone Fisher may not wipe you out if you like big, explosive and plotless Hollywood movies, but for those who appreciate a finely crafted piece with excellent performance and well-run direction, this is for you.
