Unlike other commentators who have commented on the ability of this film to transcend the race, on the contrary, I think this powerful film provides a complex and profound story that addresses institutional racism and its effects. Washington directs the story of Fisher with a careful hand and a critical eye, renouncing this cinematographic effort or the dismemberment of women's bodies, perpetuating unexpected stereotypes, or satisfying the expectation of a white gaze. I think this movie might be a little too happy in the end; however, it is deeply rooted in African American culture and discourse to the point that some white viewers may have the feeling of looking into the life of this African American - Antwone Fisher. I have problems with the Naval aspect of the film, but when we look at America, there are not many choices or opportunities for blacks who are / were in the situation of Fisher or in similar situations. Viewers can go to this movie expecting a "Black Movie: What is a Black Movie?" "<br /> <br /> Stereotypes of pimps, whores, drug dealers, single parents and so on constitute a" black film "" I think Washington as a director has recognized that African Americans and other black people face human problems like the abuse and the displaced aggression, just to name a few: these problems have - historically and today - only light and validity only through "Good" Will Hunting "and other white films, it is time that they received the same recognition and the same validity as their white counterparts in and out of the media. <br /> <br /> Sad to say, however, in this racist country, Denzel Washington and Derek Luke will probably have to wait another ten years before receiving an Oscar or anything, both will have to wait until they direct or recite in a film that perpetuates the usual racist and sexist stereotypes to get an Oscar, say, Denzel has earned awards for "Malcolm X", "Hurricane" and alt before that "Training Day" evening. This does not mean denying or setting aside other great actresses and black actors who are denied due praise for ingenious work. Yet Hollywood would prefer to send the message that racism, sexism and heterosexism are acceptable by perpetuating and even rewarding those stereotypes as they appear in countless films like "American Beauty", "Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil", "American Pie," and also " Gone With the Wind ". <br /> <br /> Derek Luke is a helluva actor and I wish him the best. All the other actresses and actors have given very good performances, although I disagree with the selection of Denzel from another sistuh with fair hair and fair skin. That being said, everyone should watch this movie. However, it may not be suitable for everyone. Much love 10/10
