This film, based on a true story, comes from the director and historical actor, Denzel Washington. Denzel Washington gave us some of the best performances of the last decade, like a black soldier in the civil war in glory and a lawyer in the acclaimed Philadelphia. And, of course, he made a special reputation last year when he won the Academy Award for Best Actor in Training Day, in which Denzel Washington became the first African American to receive the award for best actor. I imagine that Denzel wanted a change of pace, so he chose to direct Antwone Fisher, in which he also starred. Fisher is played by Derek Luke, who is new to the big screen, but has made some appearances on TV shows such as King of Queens, and will appear in the upcoming movie release of Biker Boyz. <br /> <br /> This is a really well made film by Denzel Washington, considering it was his first directing. Undoubtedly, Denzel felt a certain kind of commitment and believed in the true life story of Antwone Fisher. Antwone Fisher talks about a young African-American man of the Navy who constantly fights and, after a particular fight, is sent to see a Navy psychiatrist named Jerome Davenport, played by Denzel Washington. Davenport helps Antwone face his troubled past and learns to go on with his life, finding his mother who had to give up birth because he was in prison. What makes this film good is that it is not overly melodramatic. I was expecting something more like Good Will Hunting, with swear words, fights and vulgarity. Not that I didn't like the hunt for goodwill, or the oath, the struggle and the vulgarity of the film were out of place. In reverse! However, Antwone Fisher is a true story, and I don't think Washington wanted to sensationalize the story for a dramatic effect in the film. Don't get me wrong, there are times when we see Antwone struggling, continuing and has moments when the world seems to be approaching him. After all, in his first session with his psychiatrist, the character played by Washington, Devenport asks Fisher where he was born, and Fisher's answer is "from under a rock", a striking blow to the waning pressures of Antwone Fisher's soul . But I had to appreciate the fact that this film was not sensationalized for a dramatic effect. I think it shows a real character from Denzel Washington in providing a more realistic story and avoiding the typical clichés that are common in Hollywood movies, even those based on real stories. Another point I would like to emphasize about Antwone Fisher is acting. Overall, the performance was good in the film, but not great. Sometimes, I think it was a bit obvious that the protagonists were actors, but overall complaining about the performance in this film would be ridiculous. An actress I would like to emphasize in this film is Viola Davis. She plays Antwone's mother, but she barely says two sentences in the film, but not so much because it appears at the end of the film, but more because she, shocked by the fact that her missing son, Antwone, found her. What I would like to emphasize about her as an actress in the lack of use of her. She is essentially a character actress, and I've never seen her play really elaborate roles. He has made appearances on Traffic, Out Of Sight, Kate & Leopold and two recent films: Far From Heaven and Solaris. In the Solaris remake of Steven Soderberg, he played a scientist in a spaceship condemned in orbit around a planet. In that film, he confronts the character of George Clooney and lets himself be fascinated by what Clooney tells them in a particular scene. When I saw Solaris for the first time, I remember seeing him tear into the scene and thinking, wow, that this woman could act. It was as if I could feel the pain of the character. In that short shot of his face, he gave so much expression and honestly I felt very sorry for the sadness and the problems of his character in the film. I think she has a potential defined as an actress and should be used more often perhaps in leading roles, rather than as a leading actress. Nevertheless, Antwone Fisher is a great film. Denzel Washington, as always, brings out a great performance and gives us a great directorial debut. Furthermore, Derek Luke is a very talented actor. I think Antwone Fisher will bring his immense critical reputation for his interpretation of the problematic man, but I think his public popularity will increase with the release of Biker Boyz, which also sees the participation of Lawrence Fishburn. Antwone Fisher is based on the book `Finding Fish: A Memoir, 'by Antwone Quenton Fisher. ***
