"And the time came when the risk of getting stuck in a gem was more painful than the risk we needed to blossom" - Anais Nin Marcel Proust says: "The real voyage of discovery is not to see new landscapes but to have new ones eyes. "The author and screenwriter Antwone Fisher joined the US Navy to see new landscapes but the demons of his past prevented him from seeing the world with new eyes. Based on his autobiography "Finding Fish" written many years after the events, his story is dramatized in the film Antwone Fisher, Denzel Washington's first film. It is a sincere, if somewhat formidable, look at the painful process of moving from being consumed by the past to being able to live life in the present time. <br /> <br /> Requested to attend therapy sessions after several outbursts of basic anger, the painful aspects of his childhood are shown in flashbacks while the grown-up Antwone (Derek Luke) tells his life in the sessions with the psychiatrist of the Marina Jerome Davenport (Denzel Washington). At first he is not willing to talk, but when he starts, the doors are opened. After his father was shot dead by a girl and Antwone was abandoned by his mother after being released from prison, he was put into a foster home where he lived for fourteen years, suffering humiliation and sexual abuse. According to Antwone, the treatment by the adoptive mother Tate (Novella Nelson) that referred to him only as "nigga" and by her cousin Nadine (Yolonda Ross) was in fact much worse than shown on the screen. <br /> <br /> The only friend he has is a local named Jesse (Jascha Washington) who, later in the film, only adds to his feelings of abandonment. It is difficult to make a film around psychiatric sessions, but it has been successfully done in Ordinary People and Good Will Hunting with a much more dramatic interest, but it succeeds here because of the dominant performances of Washington and Luke, even if the film's attempt to compress eleven years in a few months seems a little too easy. The humanity and warmth of Davenport, however, allow Fisher to feel safe enough to discuss his difficult past and Cheryl (Joy Bryant), his new girlfriend who is also in the Navy, supports him in his struggle to get a breakthrough. <br /> <With Cheryl's help and Dr. Davenport's advice, Antwone develops enough self-esteem to return to Cleveland and start the journey to try to find his mother to complete the past. What emerges from Derek Luke's incredible performance is Antwone's desire for acceptance, dramatized in a harrowing dream, shown at the beginning of the film in which he is the guest of honor at a banquet full of people who love him. Comedian Mort Sahl once said that "people just have to remember what we are all here for: finding the way home ..." Antwone Fisher doesn't just touch a young man's desire to find his way home but he reaches all those that they cried themselves to sleep, not knowing the joy of being loved.
