Written and directed by Steve Gordon. Duration: 97 minutes. PG ranked. <br /> <br /> It was the quintessential comedy of the decade. He won the Oscar winner John Gielgud. It was also presented in "I Love the 80's" by VH1. And it looks just as good today as it did on its initial version. Arthur is the acclaimed comedy classic about a drunk millionaire (played with enthusiasm and irony by Dudley Moore in an Oscar nominated performance) who has to choose between the woman he loves and the life he is used to. While the basic plot is a great cliché, there is nothing trivial in this congenial combination of intelligent dialogue and exhilarating farce. Arthur Bach is essentially nothing but a pretentious idiot, but you can't help but like him. Especially when it provides lines like "Wouldn't you like to be myself? I know I know it!" It is also a delineation of the hero of the archetypal film: unlike the richer characters we see on the silver screen, he is not ashamed to be smashed rich. In one scene, a man asks him, "What does it mean to have all that money?", To which he replies, "It's fantastic." Moore gives this charisma and charm to a character that would otherwise be hated by his audience. And Gielgud is just as perfect as the arrogant servant, who turns to his master with extreme condescension despite the fact that his salary depends on him. Arthur is one of those films that does not try to be brilliant or particularly exceptional: it simply comes naturally. The screenplay - which has also won the appreciation of the Academy - is saturated with an authentic laughter dialogue. This is the kind of film that, when you join a group of poker friends, endlessly cite each other. Also look at his characters with sincere empathy. There have been a number of comedies trying to immerse themselves in the drama including the death or illness of a leading star (including both Grumpy Old Men's), but few manage to do it because we don't care. When this film takes the dubious decision to eliminate the butler, it really works, because we really like these people. Why should you see Arthur? The answer is simple: because it is a complete pleasure, not guilty. At a time when movies are becoming more and more serious, Arthur reminds us of what it feels like to go to the movies and have fun alone. <br /> <br /> **** - Classic
