I remember trying a few minutes of this film, I am very surprised that I did not watch everything from director Steve Gordon, his only direct film before he died of heart failure. Basically Arthur Bach (winner of the Golden Globe and Oscar nominated Dudley Moore) is the happy drunk millionaire with everything he could want, a villa, a butler Hobson (Oscar and Golden Globe winner and Sir John Gielgud BAFTA nominated ), and a lot of alcohol. He must inherit $ 750,000,000 if he marries the daughter of fellow millionaire Burt Johnson (Stephen Elliott), the woman he and his family chose, Susan (Jill Eikenberry). But instead, Arthur finds himself falling for Queens maid Linda Marolla (nominated for the Golden Globe Liza Minnelli), who is obviously threatening the legacy, and 3/4 of the fortune of her family by father Stanford (Thomas Barbour) and Aunt Martha (Geraldine Fitzgerald). After Hobson's death, Arthur, on the wedding day, disobeys the wishes of the family, but Aunt Martha still gives Arthur the legacy of living happily ever after with Linda. With Ted Ross in the role of Bitterman, Barney Martin in the role of Ralph Marolla, Anne De Salvo in the role of Gloria - Hooker, Maurice Copeland in the role of Uncle Peter Bach, Justine Johnston as Aunt Pearl Bach, Florence Tarlow as Mrs .Nesbitt, Marcella Lowery as Harriet - Martha's Maid, John Bentley as Perry and Peter Evans as Preston Langley - Party Guest. Moore is wonderfully funny and a little shivering like the almost always drunk millionaire, Minnelli is as likeable as the woman he loves, and Gielgud, of course, makes a great Oscar-winning impression as Moore's humorous humorous servant, a whimsical comedy. He won the Oscar for best song for "Arthur's Theme (the best you can do)" (he also won the Golden Globe) (he was number 79 on 100 Years, 100 Songs) and was named Best Writing, Screenplay Written Directly for the screen, he was named BAFTA Anthony Asquith for film music for Burt Bacharach, and won the Golden Globe for best film - Comedy / Musical. Sir John Gielgud was number 35 of the 50 Greatest British Actors, and the film was number 53 in 100 Years, 100 Laughs. Very good!
