1928 is in many ways a "lost year" in films. Just as some of the best films of the era of silence were made in every genre, the sound was coming and - while collecting big box office profits - it was putting the art of cinema back about five years while the film industry struggled with the new technology. <br /> <br /> "Show People" is one of the great comedies of the silent era. The film shows that William Haines had comic abilities beyond his usual formula of the hateful and over-confident boy who turns everyone against him, learns his lesson, and then redeems himself by winning the soccer game, the polo game , etc. for explaining that Marion Davies was not Susan Alexander Kane. He had excellent instincts and comic times. This film begins with the adventure of Beverly Hillbillies by Peggy Pepper (Marion Davies) and her father, general Marmaduke Oldfish Pepper, fresh from the old south. General Pepper has decided that he will leave a lucky film executive studio to hire his daughter as an actress. While in the commissioner of the studio, the Peppers come across Billy Boone (William Haines), a slapstick comedian. Peggy gets an acting job. He is unhappy when he discovers that it is disgusting, but perseveres. Eventually she is discovered by a large studio and she and Billy separate as he begins to take on dramatic roles. Soon the newfound fame goes to her head, and she is about to lose her audience and get a real title when she decides to marry her new protagonist, who she doesn't really love, unless fate intervenes in some way. > <br /> One of the things that MGM often does in its last films on the silent era and in its first films of the sound age is a photo shoot of how the film was made at MGM around 1930. This film is one of those, as we get Charlie Chaplin trying to get Peggy's autograph, an abundance of cameos of MGM players during that era, including director King Vidor himself, and even a cameo by Marion Davies while Peggy sees Marion Davies while Marion Davies arrives at work. Peggy makes a face and says she doesn't care about her. Truly a pleasure from beginning to end, this is a silence that is certainly worth it. This is one of the films I also recommend using to introduce people to the art of silent cinema as it is very accessible.
