This 1981 comedy continues to shine thanks to the combined efforts of writer / director Steve Gordon and the stars Dudley Moore and John Gielgud. Unfortunately, Gordon, only a little over forty years old, died shortly after completing this, his only feature film. It is a particularly unfortunate loss, since it shows a really clever hand in the farce inspired by the characters that makes the whole film irresistible. It almost sounds like a 1930s screwball comedy, renewed for contemporary tastes. The plot centers on Arthur Bach, a drunken millionaire playboy who risks losing his legacy of $ 750 million if he does not marry the sloppy and boring Susan Johnson, an heir chosen by his old father of money and his bad grandmother . Of course, he doesn't love her and, by chance, he meets Linda Marolla, a working class maid (and, of course, an aspiring actress) after she set up a Bergdorf Goodman tie for her father. <br /> <br /> The standard complications arise, but in a very appealing way with a lot of alcohol-fueled slapstick performed with Moore's classic élan. The fact that he makes such a spoiled character pleasing is a merit not only for his comic talent, but also for Gielgud's energetic and harsh turn as Hobson, the devoted but reality-based valet. It's the kind of role he could play in his sleep, but Gielgud makes Hobson a truly memorable character that his fate in the film brings a welcome injection of intensity into the process. Probably in her role as the cutest film, Liza Minnelli delivers the photo to her co-stars, mitigating her habitual dazzling personality and making Linda a genuine motivator. <br /> <br /> A pre-LA law "Jill Eikenberry plays Susan only on the right passive-aggressive note, while Barney Martin (Jerry's father on" Seinfeld ") steals all his scenes as Linda's father, Slovakian, Ralph. The only drawback is veteran actress Geraldine Fitzgerald, who twists grandma's eccentricities, and I have to admit that I still can't stand the very outdated and exaggerated Christopher Cross song that inevitably won Oscar for the best song of the year Unfortunately, the 1997 DVD, which certainly needs to be remastered, has no noteworthy extras, except for some photos and production notes.
