I had seen Marion Davies in a couple of movies and I really couldn't understand her charm. He didn't know how to dance for peanuts, he didn't try to sing and as for acting - he seemed in a trance. But I had not seen his silent comedies and this film is wonderful. Rather than making fun of his own image, as has been suggested here, to me it looks like a satire on Gloria Swanson, who started comedy comedies, continued to photograph highly emotional women and ended up marrying a Count. Marion, a top mimic, also made a funny imitation of the rabbit whenever she wanted to be seen as a big one, that was Gloria Swanson on the spot !!! <br /> <br /> Colonel Pepper (Dell Henderson) drove all the way to Georgia in Hollywood, determined to prove that his daughter, Peggy, (Marion Davies) will be the biggest star ever. Their hope is reduced and they are down to their last 40 cents when they meet Billy Boone (William Haines) who works in the slapstick studios and promises to get a job from Peggy. Peggy thinks she'll be a great dramatic actress, but the studio thinks he's a fantastic comic. They convince you to make the film and a preview is a great success. Charlie Chaplin asks for his autograph but she does not recognize him and treats him in a rather rude way. "Who was that short kid" - when he finds out he faints !!! Peggy and Billy get a call from High Art Studio, but only Peggy is wanted and suddenly she's coming. There's a funny scene where he sees a star he doesn't think much about - it's Marion Davies !!! <br /> <br /> Finally, you have the chance to be a dramatic actress - but you can't cry! !! It's a hilarious scene in which the director does everything to make her cry and when she succeeds, she can't stop !!! Her new protagonist, Andre (Paul Ralli), convinces her to forget her comedy past and become elitist and sophisticated - she even adopts a new name - Patricia Pepoire !!! He also seems to have forgotten Billy and his father - he has developed a "STAR" personality !!! When the slapstick studio chooses the same location as the "Patricia" film, Billy is thrilled to see it, but rather unprepared for his snobbish attitude. When she calls him an economic clown, she realizes that she is not the girl he once knew. <br /> <br /> After a lunch in the studio (a magnificent overview of some of the biggest stars of the day) "Patricia" receives a call from the Boss. It seems that his films are a failure and that no theater wants to book them - the public is tired of his ways and wants old Peggy to come back. She and Andre decide to get married, she dreams of being a Countess (although Billy says that Andre served him spaghetti in a small bar in the center and is no longer a Count of what he is). On his wedding day, Billy visits and after a hilarious mess with custard he realizes that Billy is the one for her. <br /> <br /> It was incredible to see all the guest stars - John Gilbert is seen passing through MGM Gates, Lew Cody is talking to Elinor Glynn, who not only wrote "It", but several novels of love that was made in the MGM films. William Haines, another actor whose films I always wanted to see, was great - especially in the canteen scene, he had wonderful comic times. Harry Gribbon was hilarious as the director of comedies - there were so many hilarious scenes in this film and Marion was in first place - I'm giving this movie 10 out of 10. <br /> <br /> Highly, Highly Recommended.
