I had the pleasure of projecting "The Big Bad Swim" at the 2006 New London Film Festival last week. The festival features some of the best independent and non-mainstream films of last year. My hypothesis is that "The Big Bad Swim" was chosen for the screening of this festival for the simple reason that it was shot locally in eastern Connecticut and its surroundings. However, as the credits began to roll, I could only think about how well "The Big Bad Swim" compared to others present during the festival. Far at the top of my list, followed by "The Puffy Chair", "Who Killed The Electric Car" and "Transamerica". <br /> <br /> The "The Big Bad Swim" is an engaging, truthful and often humorous look at several pupils of adult swimming classes and their very nice but turbulent instructor who has a depth that I don't see on the screen for some time. The interplay between character development and storylines derived from something as absurd as adult swimming lessons works in subtle and engaging ways that I found refreshing. The plot doesn't beat you on the head with a direction; rather it builds and grows organically with a rhythm that was perfect. I was never bored I never did shudder. I never left the story on screen. <br /> <br /> The film's humor is something like "Napoleon Dynamite" meets "Old School". The acting of a relatively unknown group of actors was credible and their dialogue never seemed embarrassing or forced. Obviously not being a multi-million dollar production, the shots weren't all impressive and clear, but adequate and well-made for the budget. The lighting and shooting technique of the scenes shot in the strip club environment were particularly eye-catching due to a more realistic approach than a similarly-themed scene found in "Closer". I also found that the underwater shots of the class from the waist down seemed to be a portrait of character as much as a shot from the shoulders up could be. <br /> <br /> I am sure that it is repeated over and over again by many in the independent film industry, but I have to say it: if "The Big Bad Swim" is not picked up for some sort of distribution I would be extremely disappointed. "The Big Bad Swim" must be seen. If you have the chance to watch this movie, WATCH IT! Disappointment is impossible!
