Sunday, July 16th, 8:00 pm The Castro, San Francisco <br /> <br /> "Like a colonel in the South, your trick is very Indian" <br /> <br /> Hollywood gossip has managed to sling more a bit of mud in the direction of Marion Davies over the years. That fame was recognized and did not deserve is often hypothesized. Considering the mawkish dramas she has often been driven into, this criticism would seem to have some validity. As a comic, however, his star shone very brightly. Left to pursue a career in light comedy and farce, he could rival Mabel Normand. One of his best releases was King Vidor's Show People (1928), which survives and is so well known above all because MGM filled it with stellar cameos. This fortunate coincidence has inadvertently saved what is certainly among the best works of his two stars, Davies and that notorious Joe College essayist, William Haines. Show People is said to have been loosely based on the life of Gloria Swanson, who started in Sennett's comedies and who rose to great drama (and didn't think she didn't spend the rest of her life reminding everyone!) Stroheim, Walsh and DeMille. Coincidentally, the comic studies used in this film are the original excavations that Keystone had abandoned the year before (think of who worked there!). Colonel Marmaduke Oldfish Pepper (Dell Henderson) leads his daughter Peggy (Davies) from Georgia to Hollywood to star in movies. These two country hicks are unaware fodder for the incorrigible Billy Boone (Haines), "an English pastry chef?" coming down on their cafeteria table in an outrageously entertaining entrance (look at the piece with pasta), and then helping Peggy do a part in her next photo. What he thinks is the high drama turns out to be crazy, but a job is a job and Billy convinces her "all the stars have to take it on the chin ??". At the preview, Billy and Peggy meet ?? .. Charlie Chaplin, who asks for his autograph! He pushes the child aside and a horrible Billy grabs the book and motioned. Chaplin climbs into his car and Billy tells Peggy that she's just been snubbed, so naturally, she faints. It's very funny, considering that the character of Davies shouldn't recognize this guy! Peggy soon moved to work at High Art Studios, changed her name to "Patricia Pepoire" and left poor Billy behind. Davies makes a wonderful greeting from a serious actress, with all the prerequisites floating eyelashes and trembling lips. Vidor throws a parade of stars eating lunch in a long roundup (and they are all sitting shoulder to shoulder, facing the camera!) Which includes Polly Moran (which is also incredibly fun to play Davies' maid), Louella Parsons (one of the friendly vampires), Estelle Taylor, Claire Windsor Aileen Pringle, the comic duo of Karl Dane (with the arm in a sling) and George K. Arthur (pretending to steal the silver), Leatrice Joy (amused by Arthur's antics) , Renee Adoree, Rod (eats and smokes) La Rocque, Mae Murray, John (in a tunic) Gilbert (who also appears while driving through the doors of MGM in the first images), Norma (eeeww!) Talmadge (who looks bitch and detached as usual) and Patricia dressed like Marie Antoinette, stuck between Douglas Fairbanks (like a funny trick) and William S. Hart (protecting her from Doug). Billy meets the High Art crew on the spot when the comedy troupe stops shooting, with predictably nutty results. Vidor even works in the final scene as current director of Peggy's production. Also noteworthy is Harry Gribbon as the director of the comedy who makes a great caricature of Eddie Sedgwick, Sidney Bracy as the dramatic director who fails to make Peggy cry for her screen test and then fails to stop her once, and Paul Ralli as Andre, his dramatic love interest and a hilarious fake. When her character tries to "act" as if Davies is having fun in all the terrible dramas she was forced to do and she's brilliant at doing it. <br /> <br /> Even if it is true, Show People is a "good days" satire between now and ten years, it remains an extremely amusing example of quality work by MGM, Irving Thalberg and their huge wealth of assembled talents. Too bad that so much has been lost. There are also too many examples of great films like The Patsy (1928), the hugely successful Vidor and Davies comedy earlier that year, languishing in safes when they could be seen and enjoyed.
