I had the opportunity to watch this film twice at the 2006 Moving Picture Festival in Birmingham, Alabama. I liked it so much that I looked at it a second time when they made the encore. <br /> <br /> When I think of the films being shown at festivals, I usually expect them to be angular and unusual, often with the feeling of an elaborate student project. There is nothing wrong with these types of projects, of course, and I like the unique styles of independent films, but sometimes I want to see a more mainstream approach to independent film production. For "mainstream", I mean more like a film produced for the national release - In other words, a film that you would see in a normal cinema. <br /> <br /> Writing, directing, cinematography, casting and acting in this film are all totally pro. There is nothing typically independent about this film. As an aspiring director, I am always looking for films that will motivate me to stop procrastinating and push more to advance my career. This is one of those movies. While watching The Big Bad Swim, my motivation level was incredible. I felt like my adrenaline had exploded. The reason I felt this was because I was so impressed with every aspect of this production. I left the theater excited and ready to start writing that long put-off project. When a film makes me feel like this, I know it's really beautiful. This is Ishai Setton's first long-term project and I found myself wishing it was my project. For me, it's really rare. <br /> <br /> Watch this movie. It is well shot and directed, and the casting is excellent. Paget Brewster offers a very credible and enjoyable performance. She has a quality about her, a charisma that really attracts you and keeps you focused on her every time she is on the screen. It makes you feel like you know her personally as a friend. This is a gift. I think the industry is really missing out by not using its acting skills more often. Jeff Branson and Jess Weixler also did top-notch work. I can't say enough good things about The Big Bad Swim. I look forward to the future projects of all those involved in its production.
