I wasn't a big Star Trek fan until 2-3 years old. Thanks to the advent of Netflix and the distribution of video technologies post 2000, I am able to embark on the past of all the great episodes of Star Trek. For those who don't really look at every single episode and know them by heart, through TNG, DS9, Voyager, etc., the general popular consensus will say: "I like The Next Generation" is the best. This is because Captain Picard and his crew were fresh when they first appeared after Star Trek's decades of hunger. But to be honest honest, I appreciate the creativity of the Voyager episodes more than TNG. Voyager episodes progress over time unlike TNG. The data provided by TNG are fantastic but eventually they get old but Voyager's doctor - now it's creativity! Instead of making the artificial intelligence clumsy and spasmodic, give it the freedom to express beyond anything you have imagined. Picardo is not only a great actor, but the prerequisite for his expansion, personal growth, as a doctor, personal achievement now that it is science fiction at its best! Endgame portrays him as a husband married to an "organic" neuro-implant transceiver, inventing a man-machine interface, and even - in the episode before Endgame, to disobey the Captain's order and make "human" mistakes. Unlike DS9 who are blessed with 2 beautiful women from the first episode, Voyager must survive 3 seasons without Jeri Ryan and I think it is Picardo who brings them with his personality. Obviously the rest of Voyager's cast chemistry flows effortlessly, Harry Kim and Tom Paris - very natural. I love Tuvoc's occasional humor, despite being a Vulcan. Finally, I'm so happy that they got rid of that original woman captain - oh, if you watch the rare footage - thank God for Kate! It has developed over the 7 years into an extremely confident, credible and respectable female captain. What a great job! Thanks to Star Trek for making Voyager, I enjoy every episode, the creative exploration of possibilities, of morality and of our Cosmic extension.
