In the last few months I have collected the Voyager seasons from 4 to 7 on DVD (I only had 1 or 3 videos before, because Kes is my favorite character) and I have just reached the end. I saw them when they were initially shown on TV here in the UK, but I had forgotten most of them. Am I satisfied with the ending? I think I am. Of course, as a fan I would have liked to have seen more about what happened to the characters when they got home, but this is left to our imagination. In many ways "Endgame" is similar to "All good things" by Next Gen? The involvement of the crew in the future, but mainly the captain. A new love story that begins in the finale (Troi and Worf in Next Gen and Seven of Nine and Chakotay here), which will cause death in the future. I really loved "Endgame", right for all the characters, Neelix appears even though he left the ship two episodes before. B'elanna gives birth to her daughter with her loving husband Tom. Tuvok is sick but going home means he can be treated. Harry has always been the most anxious and determined but admits that the journey is important. The Doctor, in the future, is well respected by all and eventually chooses the name Joe! But obviously the Captain has the most important role, meeting his future self that wants to bring the team back home first to avoid victims. The Borg are involved, as they played an important role in this period of Voyager. Alice Krige dresses the Queen Borg in a fantastic way, only her voice and her acting method are magnificent. I'm sorry for Susanna Thompson, though, the Borg TV queen replaced by the Borg queen movie. Maybe it wasn't available though. The special effects are fantastic, the Borg underground hub and the Borg queen fall to pieces! It's very tense especially when they come out of the Borg subspace corridor and say their position is right where they thought they were after they said they should go to a corridor that leads to the delta quadrant. And what a nice idea to enter a Borg sphere to protect yourself, on the special features of the DVD they say it was like the Trojan horse. Voyager could have continued. If it were more popular, they would have remained true to their original idea of ​​the crew, realizing that the ship was their home, as in Harry's speech and what Tom said because his wife and son are there. And then they could go home in a movie! <br /> <br /> Overall, Voyager was a bit fickle. The sixth season seemed to be a good one followed by a less good one. The two episodes set in the holographic Irish village are horrible! My perception of Seven of Nine was that she took over, turned everything around her, which wasn't true. When she appeared for the first time, season four focused on her for too many episodes, but after that she leveled herself. And his character is ingenious, sometimes, 20 years like a Borg drone that gradually rediscovers his humanity. I like it, especially in "Someone to watch", "Imperfection" and "Human error". When Naomi Wildman was initially afraid of her, but then she became her friend often by his side, it was nice. Chakotay has become my favorite character. The chemistry with Janeway was over (will they do it or not?) And you never thought it was the first officer, it was put aside most of the time. I enjoyed seeing the relationship between Tom and B'elanna bloom against the odds. I've always really enjoyed Neelix. Tuvok was good sometimes, especially when he lost his logic, he gained emotions and was a friend of Neelix. Sometimes Harry was annoying, but an okay character at other times. The Doctor is probably my favorite, given how far he gets and the comedy situations he creates ("Tinker, Tenor, Doctor, Spy" is fantastic!). Janeway is my favorite Captain of each series and you can tell Kate Mulgrew that she's really enjoying herself. <br /> <br /> I wish there was more, I love Voyager!
