So, every year there is at least one film, which has no chance of being a box office success, because since the production, even before a simple movie has been filmed, everyone is taking this movie ... There is a long list of this type of film and, in the end, some are really bad (Battlefield Earth (2000)), some may have their flaws but they are pretty funny (Catwoman (2004), Elektra (2005)) and then there are some , which in reality are really great for what they are, but nobody admits! I mean, my God, just because the big crowd must have a victim every year that they can choose, not everyone has to join them. So, yeaaah, maybe those movies aren't perfect, but come on, how many movies are there? Not all movies should be a new Lord of the Rings! Not everyone will appreciate these films, but I bet there are more than those who admit they did. Hudson Hawk (1991), which is only hysterical fun, Color of Night (1994), which may not be worthy of the Oscars, but is definitely an idiot in every thriller with some twists, Swept Away (2002), which I thought it's a great mix of sick humor and a beautiful love story, Gigli (2003), which was a great entertainment with some really memorable lines and it wasn't bad for the first time "Bennifer" -Couple, and this year is "Basic Instinct 2"! Well, when I heard the rumors of a sequel to one of my favorite movies, I was very skeptical, and even though I really love Sharon Stone I was skeptical until I finally saw this movie. And really, I was very positively surprised! I can't understand why he makes such a bad print and such bad grades here. It does not simply copy the original, it has a fairly intelligent history, it has tension, action, humor and the extraordinary Sharon Stone who takes up the role of her life! With 47 years during the filming of the film it looks sexier than many other twenties, but it is more than beautiful, it is brilliantly acted, with all its appearance, its famous smile, the way it speaks and moves ... from life the first frame in you can't take your eyes off her. It is simply a pleasure to see her as Catherine Tramell, and all the other actors also offer solid performances! So I can't really see what's wrong with this movie ... it looks dark, electrifying, sexy and gritty, strong performances and you've never been bored! Perhaps the story is not of the caliber of the Oscars, but it doesn't even try to be! It is an animated film, and according to this standard it is absolutely in my opinion! So try it!
