Finally, after years of waiting for a new film to continue the "Basic Instinct" sexual chaos, we have been given a great following full of right elements for a franchise like this! I remember everything about the original, the steam, the love story, the sex, the interrogation, the music (of the master Jerry Goldsmith), and all the rest from violence and murder, to the intense clashes of every guy! Make no mistake, "Basic Instinct" was a real winner for audiences around the world. I remember in 2001 when they gave us the first news about such a sequel. Five years later, we have it. I never thought it would end this way. When an abandoned project was declared, time could not tell if it had ever been a real possibility to begin with. Well, I suppose we now know everything is possible in this case. Even if the original director or writer is not present, all we need is the charming, always reliable Sharon Stone, and we have a deal made! Please listen to me ... <br /> <br /> When people say this movie is bad, I think it's only due to the fact that the style is extreme and slightly dated. I use the word "dated" just because we have not seen a certain film of this kind in many years, and the public has adapted to the useless and boring plot of other films that actually make money, and the only reason they make them a big number is because those films are suitable for families. Who needs to puncture a little and clean? Of course it's a nice thing to have, but come on! These days, escapism is really rare, and "Basic Instinct 2" gives us real fans what we expected. This film is not an Academy Award winner, nor does it try to be. It simply gives the diehard fans what they expected. It's a movie for fun. Today's films seem to take too seriously, but this film is just loose and fun, not taking itself seriously, not too seriously. Having said that, I will evaluate the film. <br /> <br /> The film is a film from the first minute, since we see Cathernine Tremell in a car, which travels at 110 MPH and enjoys the thrill of excitement. . Maybe sex and driving don't mix, because our sexy novelist takes a bad turn and ... well, he goes away unharmed, but his classmate doesn't get along too well. Once again, Tremell is the main suspect in the accident, and will be submitted to analysts and psychiatrists. Dr. Michael Glass (Morrissey) is automatically attracted to her from the first moment he meets her. Like another criminal investigator before him, he is enchanted and seduced, slowly and surely. His denial of everything starts to crumble around him as he weaves a spell that only she has the power to do. Tramell is perhaps more dangerous now than he was before, but like the first, we'll never really know, will we? Once the seduction is in motion, jealousy, anger, drugs and a series of erotic scenarios follows! <br /> <br /> This film does not recycle the first, but remembers from time to time the episodes of the previous films briefly. This is a good thing. It tells us that the script was written to bring the level up a notch or two. Sharon Stone dazzles us again, as if 14 years had not come true. His second version of the deceitful novelist is right there as before. Simply fantastic! David Morrissey is well pitched and manages to do quite well. The fact that an unpopular star has been chosen makes his performance even more enjoyable because we, as an audience, have no background on him, only what we see see him perform. My final thought - 8.5-9 out of 10. So it's not the first, nor can it live up to the first prize winning place. It can, however, live up to the standards set by the first film, and make people! It does.
