"Wisecracker", the biography of actor William Haines, offers a gratifying anecdote about the former star when he turned 70 and has long since retired from film production. The old gentleman was not sentimental and rarely watched his films, but in 1972 he was persuaded to participate in a screening of the Los Angeles museum of SHOW PEOPLE, the late-silent film in which he starred with Marion Davies. Previously, Haines was worried that this comedy would cause the wrong kind of laughter, but he was pleasantly surprised (and undoubtedly relieved) by the way he resisted and by how much the young audience enjoyed himself. Watch the movie today and you can see why: SHOW PEOPLE is a delicious Hollywood satire that retains its charm because it radiates its goals with intelligence and talent, but without malice. It's still fun and its satirical points still resonate. Needless to say, the technology of cinema has changed enormously since the silence, but the pretensions and follies of filmmakers have not changed much. <br /> <br /> SHOW PEOPLE also stands out as the best surviving work by Marion Davies, a first-rate comic artist who deserves a prominent place in the pantheon of great comedians. As for his career, Davies was both blessed and cursed by the patronage of his lover, newspaper magnate William Randolph Hearst. It is known that Hearst exerted an enormous influence on the choice of roles of Davies, and also well known that, despite his talent for comedy, he preferred to see her play dignified heroines in period costume. Towards the end of the 1920s, for whatever reason, Marion was allowed to strut in several exuberant light comedies (including THE RED MILL and THE PATSY), but SHOW PEOPLE, directed by the great king Vidor, is his most entertaining showcase. . William Haines interprets his boyfriend and co-star Billy Boone in a compelling and enjoyable way, but this is the protagonist's show all the way. <br /> <br /> Marion plays the southern queen Peggy Pepper, an aspiring actress who rages Hollywood accompanied by her father, determined to become a movie star. (His father, Colonel Pepper, is played by actor / director Dell Henderson, a veteran of Griffith's Biograph dramas who coincidentally resembled Hearst!) One of Marion's most amusing pieces, often drawn elsewhere, is his audition at casting office of Comet Studio. While dad helpfully suggests emotions to portray ("Pain! ... Joy!") And drops a handkerchief over his face, Peggy assumes the appropriate expression and posture. She is hired, only to find out that Comet makes low-key comedies, the kind of comedies in which people splash each other with seltzer and incompetent policemen rush against each other running to the rescue. Of course, Comet is intended as Mack Sennett's Keystone take-off, but the true nature of satire becomes clear as the story unfolds. While Peggy Pepper enters the hierarchy of movie stars, she leaves Comet for the most prestigious High Art Studio, taking on the name "Patricia Peppoire" as more suited to her new position in the life of a serious actress. At some point it may happen (as surely he did to the spectators in 1928) that Davies' rival, Gloria Swanson, started in the Keystone comedies before becoming prominent in series scripts for Cecil B. DeMille. And while Miss Peppoire takes herself more and more seriously, giving the high hat treatment to former colleagues like Billy Boone, Davies' performance takes on an element of evil parody that seems to be aimed directly at Swanson herself. This is particularly noteworthy during a sequence of interviews, when Miss Peppoire's spokesperson emits specious absurdities while the star offers an inscrutable interpretation of Swanson. I suppose this was meant as a friendly parody, but I have to ask myself how were the friendly relations between Gloria and Marion after this movie was released. <br /> <br /> In any case, SHOW PEOPLE is a delicious delight for fans, who will enjoy the parade of star cameos everywhere. Charlie Chaplin contributes quite a bit, without make-up and with a distinct appearance, looking forward to Patricia Peppoire's autograph! (And in a demonstration of good sportsmanship, Marion Davies presents himself in a disguised and disdainful way, the evening soundtrack to make fun of Swanson by making fun of herself.) This is a silent film that viewers not particularly attentive to silences could appreciate , at least those spectators with a taste for films about the business of cinema. SHOW PEOPLE certainly belongs to the company of classics such as SUNSET BOULEVARD and SINGIN 'IN THE RAIN, among the most entertaining and fun Hollywood exercises conducted with amused self-examination.
