As a child I always hated being forced to sit between musicals. I never understood why people would break out into a song like that, and I was too young to appreciate art (choreography, set design, costumes, rhythm) behind it all. "Oliver!" By Carol Reed it was the only musical I remember strangely enjoying as a child, probably because it is one of the most obscure and appropriately soaked in the spirit of Dickensian squalor. This is a musical about ghetto life in Victorian London, and while landscapes and set designs are rigid, obscure and true to that way of life, it is bizarre that people can burst into such ridiculous songs amidst their misery. In a recent vision, my first since childhood, I have some new thoughts and insights into why this musical "works" in that bizarre break the genre of song, and why most don't do it for me. <Br /> <br /> When musicals work or really say something, it's because they realize their intrinsic strangeness. "Dancer in the Dark" by Lars von Trier as tragic and operatic and at the limit, it worked like a musical because the musical numbers were the products of the imagination of the protagonist, an immigrant obsessed with Hollywood musicals. Similarly, the very cynical and amusing "Chicago" worked at a similar level because the musical numbers were the products of a naive homicidal singer / dancer. Musicals do not work when they take their musical nature too seriously (as in "Moulin Rouge") or are simply too many for nothing (ie something as useless as "Mary Poppins"). After seeing "Oliver!" for the first time as an adult, I saw it in a new light. Mostly from the point of view of the young Oliver, I saw the musical numbers as the products of his childhood imagination and his way of dealing with the horrors of ghetto life around him. The best musical number was probably when Nancy let everyone into the tavern to sign and dance on the joys of getting drunk (as a cover to help poor Oliver escape the clutches of the evil Bill Sykes). It was undeniably catchy and it felt like real pub music that drunks could start singing around a piano. There are other great and classic melodies to listen to here, and the direction and acting of the leads for the dancing extras are all top notch. <br /> <br /> Again, despite all its squalor (even if it has a happy at least for Oliver, even if things certainly didn't go well for Nancy, and unless you think that a life on the street is a game as a boy it's fun, it wasn't necessarily a good ending for Fagin or Dodger, despite their peppy closing melody) I wouldn't really classify it as a family movie, although I don't think it would show it to children older than seven or eight it will hurt. This is a tough story about an unfortunate orphan trying to survive on the streets and finding some happiness. I think it would be very interesting to see a modern update on this as, perhaps a revisionist, on which the people on the streets of Compton break into happy songs of their horrible lives. I'd like to see a hip-hop version of "Oliver!" I always thought that Dickens would translate well in those cases. As it is, "Oliver!" it was probably the last of the great musicals in the film and perhaps the strangest G-rated movie I've ever seen.
