The great cinematographic musicals were made between 1950 and 1970. This twenty-year spell can rightly be labeled "Golden Era" of the genre. There were musicals before this, and there have been musicals since then ... but the real classics seem invariably made at that time. Singin 'In The Rain, An American in Paris, The Band Wagon, Seven Brides For Seven Brothers, Oklahoma, South Pacific, The King And I, and many others, are the most loved products of the time. Perhaps the last great "Golden Era" musical is Carol Reed's 1968 "Oliver". Freely adapted from the Dickens novel, this vibrant musical is a film version of a successful theatrical production. It is a magnificent film, winner of six Academy Awards, including the award for best film. <br /> <br /> Orphan Oliver Twist (Mark Lester) lives a miserable existence in a laboratory, his mother died a few moments after giving him birth. Following an accident, a meal is expelled from the laboratory and ends up as a clerk in a funeral home. But Oliver is not satisfied with his new job and escapes after some difficult days. He makes the long journey to London where he hopes to seek his fortune. Oliver is taken under the wing of a pickpocket named Artful Dodger (Jack Wild) who in turn works for Fagin (Ron Moody), an old swindler responsible for a gang of child thieves. Despite the illegal nature of the work, Oliver finds good friends in his new "family". He also makes the acquaintance of Nancy (Shani Wallis), the girlfriend of the most cruel and feared thief of them all, the threatening Bill Sikes (Oliver Reed). After many adventures, Oliver discovers his true lineage and discovers that he is actually a rich and rich environment. But his chances of reuniting with his real family are put at risk when Bill Sikes forcibly exploits Oliver, making him complicit in some particularly risky and ambitious robberies. <br /> <br /> "Oliver" is a brilliantly assembled film, always pleasing to the eye and well interpreted by its talented cast. Moody recreates his stage role with remarkable verve, stealing the film from the young with his energetic interpretation of Fagin. Lester and Wild also do well as young pickpockets, while Wallis enthusiastically excites the role of Nancy and Reed generates genuine contempt as Sikes. The musical numbers are staged with incredible precision and a sense of the show: Onna White's Oscar-winning choreography helps make the sets of songs and dances memorable, but also the lively artists and the skilled direction of Carol Reed make the their part. The unforgettable songs include "Food Glorious Food", "Consider yourself", "You have to choose a pocket or two", "I'd Do Anything" and "Oom-Pah-Pah" - all immensely catchy songs, transmitted through very sequences well done. The film is a really fun experience and never really loses its overall duration of 153 minutes. Sit down and have fun!
