Almost too well done ... "John Carpenter's Vampires" was fun, a solid piece of popcorn entertainment on a budget small enough not to be flooded with special effects. And of course focusing on "Da Dusk Till Dawn" -audience. "Vampires: Los Muertos" tries the same starting from a rock star Jon Bon Jovi who plays one of the main characters, but he does it all too well ...: I have not seen Jon Bon Jovi in ​​any other film, so Not I can compare his acting in "Vampires: Los Muertos" with his other roles, but I was really surprised by his good performance. After the film began, he convinced me not to expect me to take a guitar and play "It's my life" or something like that, but it kills vampires, without showing mercy and doing a job that needs to be done. This means a lot, because probably a part of the audience (me too) thought: "... just because it's a rock star ...". Clearly Bon Jovi is not James Woods, but to be honest: it could have been a lot worse, and I think Bon Jovi did a great performance. The vampire played by Arly Jover is not the skin-killing machine of a vampire leader that we encountered in the first part (or similarly in "Ghosts of Mars"). Jover plays the very seductive and very sexy vampire, moving like a cat as agile as a cat, attacking fast like a snake and dressed in a very erotic, thin, light and almost transparent fabric. And the optical effects that support his type of movement are also very well done. It really takes a little beating. But in some parts of the film the director avoids only turning the film from an action film into a sensitive horrormovie like Murnau's "Nosferatu". You can almost see the director's temptation to create a movie with a VERY personal note that is different from the original. This is the real strength of the film and at the same time its weak point: the audience that celebrates the bloodbath of the first film probably expects a pure bloodbath for the second time and may be a little disappointed. Make no mistake: "Vampires: Los Muertos" It's a fun bloodbath but this kind of film is NOT ALL THE TIME. Just think of the massacre in the bar compared to the scene in which the vampire tries to seduce Zoey through the ruins: the bar slaughter is what you expect from American popcorn entertainment, Zoey's seductive scene in ruin is ALMOST European cinema (the movie is eager to tell us more about the relationship between Zoey and the vampire, but at the same time rejects the answers because it would have slowed down the action? she showed the public a vampire with a human past, a creature now suffering and not just a beast that is just slaughtering someone). And this is the point for me that decides whether the film is accepted by the audience of the original film or not. And also: will you really like the "Da Dusk Till Dawn" audience? I'm not sure. However Tommy Lee Wallace did a really good job, "Vampires: Los Muertos" is surprisingly good. But I also think of directing a sequel to a film about popcorn. Wallace is sometimes too creative, too expressive. As if he were holding back from the development of his talent to meet the expectations of the public. In my opinion, Wallace's talent fills the movie with life and maybe he sucks it sometimes at the same time. "Vampires: Los Muertos" is all too well done. (I give it 7 out of 10)
