In Frank Sinatra's first three films, it was purely a specialty: apparently playing himself, he merely performed to sing a song during a nightclub sequence in someone else's movie. In his fourth film, the very funny 'Higher and Higher', Young Blue Eyes turns into an acting career playing a real role ... a task made easier because you are playing in an imaginary story that gives him the chance to sing a few numbers. <br /> <br /> Sinatra's entrance is quite fun. Michele Morgan hears a knock on the door and asks who is there. From the outside, a voice with Hoboken tones responds to "Frank Sinatra". Sure enough ... <br /> <br /> The opening credits of "Superior and Superior" can confuse some viewers, as the names of songwriters Rodgers and Hart are in evidence. In fact, only one song contributed to this musical: "Disgustingly Rich", which this cast manages to take off as a sort of introduction to a completely different song, "I'm a Debutante". It is interesting to note that the song by Rodgers & Hart - one of the weakest - is perhaps the least pleasant song on the soundtrack of this film; many others are lively up-time numbers, in particular 'It's a Important Important Affair', 'When It Comes to Love, You're On Your Own' and 'I Saw You First'. <br /> <br /> Sinatra is good in this film, but he would have done a better job (and sing better material) elsewhere. The true merits of "Higher and Higher" are the delightful turns of some artists who rarely made films. Paul and Grace Hartman were an extremely popular couple of husband and wife dancers who performed in various Broadway magazines: genuinely graceful ballroom dancers, they put a lot of physical comedy into their dance material. (Here, Grace makes a kick that hits a shoe from Paul's hands.) Grace Hartman, who died of cancer at age 48, almost never made a film, so it's a real pleasure that this movie gives us a rare chance to see his first floor, to hear his beautiful singing voice and to notice how sexy he is in his maid uniform. After the death of Grace Hartman, her husband had a long career as a character actor, occasionally dancing alone. (Or next to Ken Berry in a memorable episode of "Mayberry RFD".) <br /> <br /> Also very attractive in a maid uniform here in "Higher and Higher" is the lively teenage singer Marcy McGuire. Why didn't this talented girl make more movies? Maybe it was a bit too similar in personality to Betty Hutton. I like Hutton performances but I still like Marcy McGuire. Towards the end of "Higher and Higher" there is a fun physical affair with McGuire and Mary Wickes as a waiter, taking turns moving from one table to another in a nightclub. The alternate steps of the short McGuire and the awkward high wicks are hilarious! Unfortunately, even though Leon Errol plays an important role in "Higher and Higher", he is given almost no comedy business: not once does he make his famous dance with rubber legs. Jack Haley, despite his prominent billing, is also wasted. <br /> <br /> Very well represented here is Dooley Wilson, inevitably remembered as Sam of "Casablanca". In that film, Wilson sang alone, but he simulated his performance with the keyboard of "As Time Goes By". (In real life, Wilson could not play the piano.) Here in 'Upper and Upper', he sings pleasantly and gives some funny reactions to the other players. Mel Odious is less pleasant, I mean Mel Torme. Victor Borge performs a rare film performance here, managing his dialogue skillfully but never doing any keyboard comedy which he then successfully performed in his theatrical performances. <br /> <br /> The plot? Forget about it. "Higher and Higher" is not the idea of ​​a "big" musical, but it is a pleasant joy, and I will rate it 8 out of 10. Director Tim Whelan, who has worked both in Britain and in Hollywood, deserves to be much better known.
