I imagine that Victorian literature slowly sinks into the mud of an increasingly distant past, knocked down by the weight of her skirts. Television arrives: at its best, it has a power of redemption, and with dramatizations like those that the BBC produces so finely, Victorian literature suffers a new stab at life. Religious themes, moral nuances, could be increasingly uncomfortable in a world that is no longer easily shocked, and learn about cohabitation, business and domestic violence. But those old well-told stories have lasting power, and this is a hidden gem. <br /> <br /> It is difficult to assess today how powerful, feminist and extraordinary Ann Bronte's masterpiece, "The Tenant of Wildfell Hall" "was, in reality. Emerging from the primordial slime of restrictive bodily corsets , her social heroine, Helen Huntingdon, escapes a miserable marriage, flees from brutality and alcoholism, not only challenging the fury of her violent husband, but from society's intolerance and malicious gossip, to change her life. You pay a price, but you respect yourself; you fall in love along the way; you emerge battered but victorious and strong. I love watching women like these on screen. <br /> <br /> The actors are superb the best English have to offer. The love story is beautifully managed, with true passion and feeling from well-matched actors. Tara Fitzgerald inhabits every aspect of the complicated heroine, and as has been said here by other reviewers, no less nitidament and defined and a beautiful face could survive that petrifying hairstyle. Toby Stephens, sparking sparks from her, contributes just to the right combination of stubborn, beautiful young and passionate, tormenting vulnerability. Rupert Graves (one of my favorite British actors of all time) has fun like the charismatic villain (so much so that in the end you're almost with him. No one is perfect). The supporting cast skillfully creates a world in which you sink without feeling that the big compromises have been made to modern tastes and without having felt preached. Another highly recommended BBC classic: this is how romantic literature should be dramatized.
