"Creep" is a new horror film that, no doubt, will appeal to many fans of the genre simply because it is so down to the point and unscrupulous! It has many real moments of shock, a lot of repulsive blood sequences and a rare claustrophobic tension. What it does not have is a logic and a solid plot but, to tell the truth, this didn't bother me for a second. When the credits begin to spin, there are still many unanswered questions to think about, but director / writer Christopher Smith (in his debut) seems to prefer to focus completely on tension and adrenaline acting rather than long speeches and soporific theories which could explain the existence of the "creep" in the London Underground. The story revolves around the young and haughty Kate, who leaves her own party to go and meet the famous actor George Clooney who is in town to present his new film. He falls asleep in the subway, misses the last train and finds himself trapped in the underground subway network. Things get really scary when he meets a crazy fool who lives in old tunnels and kills / kidnaps people to experience them. Even the experienced homeless, security guards or sewers can't save her from this ravenous monster! I really dug the creep character! It is nauseating, horrible and primitive but in a strange fascinating way. Christopher Smith leaves us only clues and suggestions, and it is only the spectator's task to sense the origin and background of this evil creature. I think this is not very original, and I'm sure many people won't appreciate the lack of content, but I lose Smith and I think it's better than going to the top completely, the "Jeepers Creepers" style (even that particular movie started great, but as soon as Creeper's identity was clear, it turned into a very mediocre horror effort). The obvious aspect of love is outrageous blood! In this film there is a hard slaughter and the makeup, as well as the sound effects, are very convincing. The disturbing setting of London's abandoned subway at night is used effectively. There is also some acting talent in this film, with Franka Potenta (Run Lola Run) returning to horror graphics almost five years after the fine German film "Anatomie". Creep is fantastic entertainment when you are in a non-committal mood and Christopher Smith is definitely a director I will keep an eye on. Make sure you don't have to take the subway right after seeing this movie ...
