Emory is a mason of Cincinatti like his father before him and for most of the 20th century the two pillars of his family were the steelworks and the union. The mill, which once employed 45,000, has seen its number reduced to 5,000 recently and now 1, as the plant has just closed its doors, leaving only one security guard. At first, Emory and his friends, newly unemployed, enjoy their independence, wander around the city and revel in their favorite bar, where "profound accusations" with reckless abandon. They think the mill will reopen after listening to their union representative's optimistic speech, but reality begins to sink when they find themselves selling their personal vehicles in a struggle to put food on the table and ward off the foreclosure of their homes. Emory's father - a dedicated union man - is sure that the plant will reopen and remember for his son all the short-term closures during his 35 years at the mill. Meanwhile, some of the unemployed men engage in humiliating jobs or jump into their trucks and set off in search of desperate work. <br /> <br /> Finally the union admits its impotence, as Emory explains to his stubborn father that times have changed and that the mill will never open again. Emory in tears asks "What did I do wrong?" as a life of hard work and devotion to work, the union, the church and the family left him with nothing and nowhere to turn to. It hits the bottom when in a drunken rage it manipulates its young children and makes its wife fall to the ground. Thrown out of his house and shouting from the plant manager's comments that he and his men did not work enough to justify their substantial salaries, Emory recruits steel workers still in town to do something that will show everyone what they are capable of . Early in the morning they break into the mill, light up the furnaces and work harder than they ever did in their lives, producing in one shift enough high quality steel tubes to fill the loading basins from wall to wall, from the high down - something the factory manager thought was impossible. <br /> <br /> Arrived at the plant suddenly reopened, the stunned manager looks around him for the enormous result that comes from a single day of work, realizing that a production like this could make the plant profitable again. The manager asks Emory: "Can you do it every day?" Emory is forced to nod "No" and the manager asks, "So what were you trying to prove?" Emory explains that the decades of hard work, honesty and devotion of workers to their work had a meaning and that by demonstrating how they could produce "We just spit in your eyes" in one day. Emory makes a goodbye in tears to his wife and children as he leaves with his friends to look for work in the south, promising to move into the family when he finds it. <br /> <br /> It is an honest and powerful treatment of the situation of American workers supplanted by foreign competition and offers a realistic view of the costs they bear due to the myopia of the unions demanding from the concessions and the owners of greedy plants he extracted every penny they could from their factories, but never returned them by modernizing them. Peter Strauss as Emory, John Goodman as his best friend, Gary Cole as the younger brother, Pamela Reed as the inclusive wife of Emory and John Doucette in the role of her dying father.
