Ah, McBain ?? The character's name is immortalized and forever ridiculed by "The Simpsons" but will it always be? to me personally, at least ?? the name and title of an action movie of the early 90's remain tremendously entertaining and outrageously violent; directed by the cool guy who brought us "The Exterminator" and played by two of the B-movie heroes Christopher Walken and Michael Ironside (the latter with a pretty macho ponytail). I imagine that "McBain" should be labeled as a guilty pleasure, because there is no way to convince anyone that it is an intellectual film. The film is unimaginably absurd (most action heroes face a small group of gangsters? McBain takes over a whole country) and yet takes himself too seriously. The screenplay is an uninterrupted and incoherent spitfire of cliché situations, meaningless twists, obligatory sentimental interludes, grotesquely staged action sequences and drawings of absolutely implausible characters. It is a totally delirious film; I loved it. <br /> <br /> Vietnam POW McBain's life is saved by fellow soldier Roberto Santos on the last day of the war. Each of them holds a half-dollar bill as McBain's symbol in Santos's debt. Eighteen years later, Santos is a lively rebel who leads the revolution against the corrupt president of his home country, Columbia. Santos' first attempt to seize power fails and he is publicly executed on the balcony of El Presidente. His sister travels to New York with the dollar note and turns to McBain for financial assistance and labor. McBain and his former friends from Vietnam, who coincidentally were fed up with the injustices in this world, hire a miserable airplane and fly to Colombia to open a giant screaming can. <br /> <br /> Ok, let's not tease each other here. The fact that you are reading a user comment on "McBain" already indicates that you have some kind of interest in the low budget B-movie action. One of my fellow reviewers spent a good deal of time writing a list containing all the major nonsense and insensitive moments of "McBain". This list is completely accurate and I can only agree with it. Hell, I could also add some senseless sequences to that list (like the absurd and useless heroic sacrifice of a soldier who doesn't even have any affinity with the mission objective and the rest of McBain's team), but what is the point? Surely you know you are not expecting a coherent and 100% plausible masterpiece. We know from before that this will be a stupid and excessively flamboyant film, and it is perhaps also the exact reason why we want to take a look! This is a terrifying and exciting film about a group of ex-friends from Vietnam who turn into mercenaries and declare war on the president of Colombia and the national drug cartel. Please don't expect another "Apocalypse Now". This particular film is based on the ruff 'n thunder that recites the macho performances, a lot of explosions and shootings and ?? last but not least ?? a fantastic soundtrack in which Joan Baez sings a cover of "Brothers in Arms".
