First, an explanation: despite my title, I'm giving this film only 8 stars because overall this is NOT one of the best films ever made. All the criticisms recorded here have valid points. Also, keep in mind that to really appreciate the script you really have to appreciate the genius of Neil Simon in finding intelligence in real human jokes. He has a typically New Yorker ear for dialogue - especially dry sarcasm, Jewish, suffused with love - and if you have trouble accepting sarcasm as an expression of love, then you may have difficulty accepting optimism in the heart of this film. <br /> <br /> So much for warnings. Here is my main point: Walter Matthau is perfect, even beyond perfect, in this film. I've never seen it more fun, or more touching, because at the same time it shows us the exhilaration of this character who refuses to give up his self-image of the Great Star or unbearable attitudes even if his coherence is in decline, also shows us the most vulnerable person, perhaps even the most frighteningly harrowing, inside the grumbler. And it barely shows us that sad part - it's enough to really get to you if you happen to face the mental decline of your father or husband now (I say this as a warning), but artistically, it's just enough pathos to give this character is the most authentically deep roots I have ever seen in any film performance. This goes beyond the recitation of the Method: Matthau's performance is as exquisite as the characters' work and pure pleasure as a comic delivery. This is a masterpiece of comic acting. <br /> <br /> About Richard Benjamin: Personally I find his acting annoying in general, and his work in this film is no exception - although he has some good moments here. ("Chicken is funny ...." is one of these.) So if you like it, you should like it here, and if you don't, this movie won't change your mind. <br /> <br /> Information on the 1976 Oscars ... I agree that Matthau was unlucky to confront Nicholson in "Cuckoo's Nest" that year. It was a deadly year for the competition of the main actors; if only there were separate Oscars for comedies and dramas, then I think the best actors' Oscars would have gone to Al Pacino for "Dog Day Afternoon" and to Walter Matthau for "The Sunshine Boys" - not for Jack's good work as McMurphy , but I think that Pacino and Matthau were all CLEARLY more masterly and surprisingly effective and decidedly legendary in their Nicholson performances that year. Also, I think Burns got the Attackers' Oscar more for sentimental reasons than for the quality of his performance - I mean, he was good in this film, but not THAT good. (The beautiful return of Burns, but not exceptional in itself, to show the biz beat Brad Dourif's brilliant debut in "Cuckoo's Nest", not to mention Chris Sarandon's fascinating debut in "Dog Day Afternoon" - which I think you prove my theory.) <br /> <br /> Apart from the Oscar theories, here is my background review: if you like Matthau's comic acting, then watch this movie and enjoy its fairytale shootings and wonderful gestures inspired by the grandmother, fleeting facial expressions and seemingly unwritten phrases. (But if you are currently facing the pain of watching an elderly person lose your grip, then keep in mind that this movie could be the comic relief you need or a dose of reality too painful to watch right now.)
