This film was poorly received and poorly reviewed. Rebecca West's book was written in 1918, shortly after the First World War, when the shock shock and amnesia caused by the trauma were not clichés, as the reviewers call it many books and films later. It is difficult to go back in time and live, as the characters lived, the realities of the time: the war and the horror of the experience of the first war of using lethal gas, the British class system that his wife considered very important, the spinster hopeless, and the lover of the past still seen with the eyes of love that is as young and beautiful as twenty years ago. <br /> <br /> Alan Bates in the role of the amnesic soldier who "will die" if he is not allowed to see Margaret, the girl of his youthful dreams, built on the devotion shown by his character in "Far from the madding crowd". Having seen that performance, it is possible to perceive her strong romantic attachment to the girl who did not live up to the expectations of family and society. Margaret says, "We had a fight, and when you rowed, you turned your face away from me." So we know that the breakup was something he instigated, that brought him shame, but that he forgot the shame in his memory of his time with Margaret. I have not seen all his films, but in those I have seen, he transmits a strong masculinity, which also transpires in this role of disabled soldier. <br /> <br /> I did not even recognize At the beginning, Ann-Margaret believes that her performance was underestimated. Not having read the book, I wondered if the child who died was the result of acting on a borderline incestuous feeling between Jenny and Chris, even though Jenny states that she "is a cousin". The way Kitty keeps Jenny in the children's room in the hair-drying scene, the fact that Kitty says she always dries her hair in that room seems more like a way for Kitty to keep the hot coals warmer than the orientation of the room in the sun or feeling about a lost child, and the claim that he wished that Chris hadn't found it necessary to preserve the room exactly as it was when the child was alive made her seem unattended to the child's memory. Furthermore, Jenny is shown as living in the house in a secondary role, as high society would have done to a member who fell at that time. <br /> <br /> Recently he was the recipient of a lover's intense fantasy (non-sexual in line with the customs of the time) 50 years ago, I could stick to the dilemma of Margaret and her husband. I was also sidelined because I was not good enough for his family, and his rediscovery of me via the internet, I was burdened with helping him manage his still terrifying experiences in Vietnam and marrying a woman over the his class that he didn't believe he loved. My husband, like Margaret, was very understanding, but the tension was very real. The lover was finally able to reconcile his real life situation with his fantasy of loving only me. I thought it was a good decision to show very little about reliving the war experience that was happening in Chris' mind. I thought of "Mrs. Dalloway" with the soldier of the First World War who recites very violent memories and commits suicide against Chris's joy in his Margaret fantasy. On the contrary, the soldier's action in "Mrs. Dalloway" seems exaggerated. <br /> <br /> Showing that the psychiatrist understood very little of what was happening to Chris emphasizes what a big problem the whole group faced. Everyone seems to take their life back, but was it the right choice?
