I just saw this exquisite 1982 film, Return of the Soldier, based on the novel by Rebecca West. This is a forty-year-old captain, shocked by the shell, who has not even told his wife that he has returned to British territory, but remains in a London hospital. He lost his memory and is a boy again, with a persistent yen for the lower class lover he chased 25 years earlier. It's a delicate story. He lingers in his childhood, while the reader discovers that his wife is an unbearable and aspiring sociality that wants him to resume his place in society. Living with them is cousin Jenny, who loved Chris Baldry the soldier, when they grew up as playmates, but settled in spinster. The woman of the lower class, played by Glenda Jackson, is Margaret Gray. It is SHE to those who are notified that Chris has returned to England. Chris Kitty's wife is shocked when Mrs. Gray comes to tell her that Chris is in a London hospital. Kitty (Julie Christie) is vacuous and snobbish. Why, she wonders, did that other woman send a telegraph to Chris rather than to her? Chris has completely forgotten about Kitty. He wants to renew his relationship with Margaret. The married hour Margherita is reluctant to meet him, but then she does and continues to meet him. There is a psychiatrist (Ian Holm) who warns Kitty and Jenny that Chris's temporary happiness with Margaret will disappear if he "cures" it. Jenny realizes how empty Kitty is for Chris and forms a secret lover alliance through Margaret. Both are in love with him. Jenny wants to help. Towards the end of the film, Kitty reveals that Chris and her had a boy who died five years ago. Saying that to Chris, weighs the Shrink, it will surely return to normal. But is this a good idea? Chris, barely aware that he and Kitty have ever married, is unaware of his child and his death. The psychiatrist, just learning from the child, believes that this knowledge will restore Chris. Jenny and Margaret have Chris all to themselves because Kitty believes she's a fake and refuses to accept Chris's illness by going back to her youth in her forties. The film leaves it primarily in consideration of what to do with Chris. <br /> <br /> But Jenny and Margaret, in the perfectly maintained child's bedroom - with Kitty in the novel, but not in the script - discuss what they believe should be done about Chris from their separate perspectives. Margaret is that criticism here, because, although married, she almost fell in love with Chris again. Jenny's social stature, according to Jenny, will be threatened if Chris doesn't straighten up. However, it does not reveal this to Margaret. Margaret decides, looking ahead, that Chris cannot keep his fantasy over time, but has to go back to something like a real life. While Kitty and Jenny look out of the window of the house, Margaret approaches Chris and tells him about her lost son. The exuberant head of the war victim sinks, his shoulders go limp, he looks away. He heads down towards the house. Fin <br /> <br /> I read some criticisms of this first Rebecca West novel. The novel was written something after the first war. The film is never clear enough who Jenny, her cousin or sister is. It would be more fun if she were his sister, of course. The criticism does not make it clear either. I'm sure West in his novel, makes Jenny her cousin, not her sister. West is not Henry Miller, nor Anais Nin, whose book Incest (about his relationship with his father as an adult to get even with him to harass her as a child), I thought I'd read, but then I decided against. Rebecca the author needs to also restore Chris. She also has outposts in her head for the Society, her novel ends in excoriations but eventually she embraces him again.
