'The Shop Around the Corner (1940)' is a pleasant romantic comedy, not the kind I will cherish until the end of my days, but nevertheless a film that fully deserves its reputation. In 1940, director Ernst Lubitsch had long since conquered Hollywood, and his famous "Lubitsch touch" had become a shining commercial brand. This film was scheduled for a 1939 publication, but conflict planning meant that James Stewart and Margaret Sullavan were not available for filming. Instead of replacing one of its main stars, Lubitsch decided to postpone the production, in the meantime directing Greta Garbo in "Ninotchka (1939)". When it was finally completed, "The Shop Around the Corner" seems to have been received with relative indifference, receiving Oscar nominations despite an excellent screenplay by Samson Raphaelson and excellent performances by his two protagonists and Frank Morgan in a supporting role . Time, however, betrayed the massive and enduring influence of the film, with high-profile remakes including "In the Good Old Summertime (1949)" and "You've Got Mail (1998)". <br /> <br /> On its surface, one could suppose 'The Shop Around the Corner' to simply be the story of two lovers, Klara Novak (Sullavan) and Alfred Kralik (Stewart), who love each other without knowing it. However, Lubitsch's film is much deeper than that. It's the story of Matuschek and Company, an elegant gift shop in Budapest and the various human relationships that make the store such a close-knit family. When the shop owner Hugo Matuschek (Frank Morgan) begins to suspect that his oldest employee is having an affair with his wife, we witness the breakup of two families, both at home and at work. Is there absolutely no reason why the story should not be set in the US ?? maybe in the windy streets of New York ?? but Lubitsch was deliberately recreating passions and memories of his past years in Europe, the bizarre nature of love and life before the war brought terror and bloodshed on every threshold. Does this subtle subtext bring a more significant and personal touch to the film? in fact, as I write this review, I'm starting to appreciate the story even more. <br /> <br /> Sullavan and Stewart are both adorable in their respective roles, but I think it's the supporting cast that makes the film. Each character brings a distinctive personality to the mix and their interactions are always credible and fun. I particularly liked how Lubitsch knowingly directed most of our sympathy towards Hugo Matuschek, who, in every other film, would have been limited to an underdeveloped and two-dimensional portrait. Matuschek may have lost the love of his family, but he takes it back in the love of his employees, and you feel a moving light when, in the bitter cold of a Christmas snowstorm, he finds company in a young freckled-boy mission ( Charles Smith). This genuine warmth towards a supporting character seems to me similar to many of Billy Wilder's latest creations, such as Boom Boom Jackson in "The Fortune Cookie (1966)" or Carlo Carlucci in "Avanti! (1972)". Sure, he doesn't really need to say, but Billy Wilder has learned from the best.
