THE STORE AROUND THE CORNER is one of the sweetest and most beautiful romantic comedies ever made. There's really no way around it, and it's hard to put your feelings into words for this movie. It is not one of those films that strives too much, nor creates the strangest possible scenarios to bring the two protagonists together at the end. In fact, all its charm is innate, contained within the characters and the setting and the plot ... which is highly credible to boot. It is easy to think that such a love story, as beautiful as any other never told, could * happen * to you ... a feeling that you often do not feel from other romantic comedies, however sweet and affectionate they may be. <br /> <br /> Alfred Kralik (James Stewart) and Clara Novak (Margaret Sullavan) do not have the most favorable of the first meetings when he arrives in the shop (Matuschek & Co.) for which he has worked in the past nine years, asking for a work. They collide from the beginning, mostly on a box of cigarettes that plays music when it is opened - he thinks it's a ridiculous idea; makes a big sale and is hired. Their squabbles take them for the next six months, though both (unconsciously, of course!) Fall in love with each other when they share their souls and minds in past letters through box 237. This would be a pretty plot subtle for it is based on an entire film, except that THE SHOP AROUND THE CORNER is cleverly enriched by a brilliant supporting cast composed of totally engaging characters, from the paternal but solitary Hugo Matuschek (Frank Morgan) himself, who learns that his shop it is really his home; Pirovitch (Felix Bressart), Kralik's companion and a friend who always comes out of the room in front of the possibility of being asked his honest opinion; smarmy pimp-du-jour Vadas (Joseph Schildkraut) who eventually gets his asuppance from a gloriously virtuous Kralik; and ambitious bellboy Pepi Katona (William Tracy) who wants nothing more than to be promoted to the position of clerk for Matuschek & Co. The unpretentious love story between "Dear friends" takes place in this small shop in Budapest, Hungary, in that the unceremonious dismissal of Kralik and the subsequent promotion to the store manager help the two lovebirds to be ahead. It's nice that everyone has a story in this movie; the supporting characters are well developed and Matuschek's path in life is almost as touching as the one shared by Alfred and Clara. His invitation to the new bellboy Rudy (Charles Smith) for Christmas Eve dinner, made in the swirling and beautiful snow of a Hungarian winter, makes the audience happy not to be alone; we also come to worry about the characters whose love story is not the story of this film. <br /> <br /> Besides the love story, I must say that James Stewart is really one of the best things about this movie. In this film he does not play the character of Jimmy Stewart (c / f 'Mr Smith Goes to Washington' for this); in fact Alfred Kralik is pungent and brusque and not particularly kind. He is a rather abrupt man, in fact, with a small hint (until, perhaps, at the very end) of the fascinating boyish charm that Stewart would soon have patented. When he finds out in front of Clara that they were secret correspondents, in fact, Kralik does not "pull up" - he is waiting to see how far he can take the charade, mainly because he quickly realizes (given his stormy relationship with Clara as head and undertone) that loving the person you know through the letters exchanged may not be equivalent to loving the person himself. His description to Clara of the fiction Matthias Popkin (what a name!) That he was to become her boyfriend is exhilarating to the extreme, but also his way of demonstrating that the letters do not reveal all that there is to a man, just like she letters do not reveal all that is from her. Stewart plays this role perfectly - he keeps his face perfectly controlled whenever Clara insults Mr. Kralik, as he often does, even (and above all) on his face. Yet it is believed, under the blunt and professionalism, that he * could * reveal his identity with such seriousness, sincerity and pure hope * as in the end. <br /> <br /> A special mention must also be given to the other cast members. Margaret Sullavan does a little less good in the first half of the film, but really comes across the closing shop scene on Christmas Eve, when her heart is almost broken by Alfred's vivid description of her friend from her mailbox. Frank Morgan turns into a great performance when the jealous Hugo Matuschek is driven to a nervous breakdown, the man who has to rediscover his meaning in life when he realizes that his 22-year-old wife does not want to "grow old with him". And Felix Bressart wonderfully interprets the mild but faithful Pirovitch (a regular by Lubitsch, since he appears as a hilarious Russian ambassador in NINOTCHKA) - of particular note is the scene in which he helps his good friend Alfred to receive the Christmas gift quest 'last * really * wants ... a wallet instead of that ridiculous box of cigarettes to which Clara is so hung up. <br /> <br /> Ernst Lubitsch is really proud of this film: for example, the well-known and meticulous attention to detail in the creation of the Matuschek shop is worth, up to the Hungarian names on the door, the goods and the cash register and so on. But even if Lubitsch chose to set the plot in Hungary, the setting is actually universal: it could happen anywhere; could happen to you. Here lies the charm of this simple story, these believable characters who actually * are * people. Even the snow on Christmas Eve is real, or at least as real as Lubitsch could make it (he brought with him snow machines at great cost). It is this desire to make everything as realistic as possible that contributes to making the story even more credible, which gives the entire film a dreamy realism that cannot be replicated. (No, not even in a remake like YOU'VE GOT MAIL.) <br /> <br /> * This * is really Jimmy Stewart's Christmas movie that people get lost when they talk about IT'S A WONDERFUL LIFE. Not to detract from the merits of that other film, but there would be nothing wrong with it, and indeed a lot of good, done in watching THE SHOP AROUND THE CORNER this Christmas instead. He is sweet, funny, charming and Stewart is impeccable in his role. We should all be lucky enough to have the love story depicted in this movie; the best thing about this movie is that we come away feeling that we can most likely do it.
