This is full of important spoilers, so be careful. <br /> <br /> "Prix de Beaute" always suffers in comparison to the two Louise Brooks films made with GW Pabst, "Pandora's Box" and "Diary of a Lost Girl," but somehow, "Prix" is the Brooks film par excellence. Here he has the chance to be fascinating without the dark side of his collaboration with Pabst. That "Prix" has that Pabst's films are not music. In this first French film, the entire mysticism of Louise Brooks is enriched by a conjunction of images, songs and music. The Charleston is the one that seems most associated with Brooks (it was the first to dance in Europe), but the essence of the actress becomes stronger in the tango. The tango also has a plot point in "Prix", being the music with which he danced with his brief rise to fame after becoming Miss Europe. Later, when he abandoned his fame in favor of a worldly existence as the wife of jealous husband Andre, the desire for his fame to be abandoned becomes evident when the same tango record is seen in his apartment turntable. So appropriate is Brooks' tango which is used to accompany the documentary about his life, "Looking for Lulu", a film narrated by Shirley Maclaine. The bold and vigorous quality of tango embodies the strong, elegant and erotic individuality of Louise Brooks. <br /> <br /> The song, "Je n'ai qu'un amour, c'est toi", adds an immense amount of pathos to what is not a great film (but very beautiful). By the way, Brooks's voice was not dubbed for Edith Piaf's film as some have claimed. Piaf was born in 1915 and was not discovered until 1935. The song, however, is what the character of Brooks, Lucienne, sings to Andre at the beginning of the film to cheer him up and express his deep affection for him. And at the peak is the song that sings for his screen test, which he sees with producers and managers who want to shape his career. She continues on the screen after her husband Andre, who has followed her into the screening room, shoots and kills her. In one shot, with the body of Lucinenne at rest in the lower part of the screen while the screen test continues on with the song that once sang to Andre, the essence of what the films do are not perfectly characterized by other forms art. While Andre watches his dead wife sing for him on the screen, the murder weapon continues to smoke, smiles subtly. Now it's his forever, and by association, ours. <br/> <br /> Coincidentally, the real career of Louise Brooks crashed and burned after "Prix de Beaute", so it was also the death of her last starring role. This film really seals the mystique of Brooks more than Pabst's films (which are films of superior quality, no doubt). It also indicates what are the films that create the whole idea of ​​the "cult" of the films - where people like Brooks, James Dean and Marilyn Monroe live more intensely after their death than when they were alive.
