A story of obsessive love pushed to its limits and of a lovely swan whose beauty is the real ticket to his untimely death. Located at the beginning of talkies, PRIX DE BEAUTE has a thin line in being a full-length silent film - which is still in the heart - and which flirts with sound and sound effects. The effect is a bit irritating for anyone who enters this film because the recorded audio is extremely metallic and simply doesn't help at all. Listening to a sound conversation on the initial sequence that takes place on a beach, for example, is part of the film as the actress who dubbed Louise Brooks's dialogue and in doing so robs the audience of a beautiful performance. Apart from this, the film runs more or less well, with little leaps of continuity here and there - something quite common in films of this era - and has that vague accelerated sensation typical of silences. In a sense, this is an experiment of a film, and closer to the style of Sergei Eisenstein in visual presentation and close-up close-ups that elevate him from what would be a more pedestrian level. Louise Brooks here plays a less flapper character than she was known for: she is a stenographer who on a lark decides to enter a beauty contest despite the angry opposition of her extremely stifling boyfriend. His role is quite thirty and contemporary for his time; the last roles of Flapper / Jazz Baby were shown on the screen and now, with the beginning of female independence, women as professionals were represented in the cinema. The character of Brooks decides to leave her boyfriend (although she "reconciles" with him later) is also a little ahead of her time. However, his character's fatal flaw is his willingness to believe what is not there - that his boyfriend wants it to succeed - and this is what leads to his demise at the cinema. This final sequence looks like something directly from Hitchcock in his acute suspense (seen in THE MAN WHO KNEW TOU MUCH) and cuts from Brooks, his image on the screen, and the killer boy. Even more dramatic is the location of the Brooks "live" with the by now defunct singer, a chilling effect on a chilling and powerful film.
