We have seen the silent version of this film, and it is simply incredibly beautiful. It is rather difficult to see how a sound version would have been created, since it is shot with pure silent technique, long sequences without narrative words without a single subtitle - except for some puzzling sequences in which Louise Brooks, who plays a French typist, is talking enough. visibly in English ... The only section that obviously cries for sound is the final scene, in which Brooks is watching the rushes for his rehearsal 'for a sound film': movie that takes place constantly in the background while the action it takes place, with the mouth moving in a song without incessant sound. I was not surprised to learn later that this passage alone in the spoken version had been hailed as an example of a new technique! <br /> <br /> In the solar beauty of its opening scenes and the fairy-tale inevitability of what follows, the film resembles a dream. As a movie "Louise Brooks" was not at all what I expected, from her Hollywood comedies or from the German melodramas of GWPabst: I found the idiom most fluent and fun of both, and Brooks herself is a different creature, a robust animal laugh young rather than a window vampire or a manipulated doll. <br /> <br /> But what gives this film a greater depth than what appears at first sight is the unexpected second half; rejected by the rich parasites that gather around her beauty, the poor princess returns to a meeting full of tears with her sincere and humbly born love ... and the story could very well have ended there. The fairy tale, however, turns into tragedy. The amateur Grabovsky, confident in his ability to manipulate the woman he wants, is still all too correct in his selfish prediction - the young lovers cannot make each other happy - and André, ironically, was right to be wary of the social influence of beauty contests: after the thrill of the glory of his moment, Lucienne lets herself go to desperation for the banal routine of married life, while her husband, in turn, is triggered by any reminder of the whole affair . If it were a simple case of wrong marriage, it would be one thing ... but the real tragedy is that they love each other. <br /> <br /> In many ways it is reminiscent of "Prix de Beauté" or of "Sunrise" by Murnau. But if this were the case, the fair and photographer scenes here would form a distorted mirror image of the joyful reconciliation in "Sunrise"; no dream but an alienating nightmare. And the following dawn does not bring a miraculous meeting, but an empty bed and an abandoned house. Leaving a letter to say that she loves him and will always love him, Lucienne vanishes again from André's life in search of brightness and freedom; and this time he will never come back. <br /> <br /> The columns of gossip confirm all of André's worst convictions, as he finds out where his wife is through the reports that she puts her name to Grabovsky. When the young worker finally enters the sumptuous sanctum of the projection room, he is with the gun drawn - to be greeted by the sight of his rival who courts and caresses a Lucienne who laughs, the same woman who had promised her immortal affection as she he left. He kills her, but even as he kills she is pierced by the living image on the screen, Lucienne in all its splendor transformed as she has never seen it. The two women are juxtaposed in an infinite and powerful moment, while André is seen, grasped, does not resist and moves away: the dying girl and her singing self continue to project themselves on, unconsciously captured by time in the eternity of celluloid, playing on the 'unconscious of life or death or love under her ... <br /> <br /> The main stoner element of the film is the character of André Antonin's colleague, who seems to have no role other than that of be the ass of his license the malice of contemporaries. It is the ugly that the girl never succeeds in taking, the clumsy clumsy that has stumbled and tormented in the bathrooms and at work, and must take everything with an uncertain captivating smile in her useless hope of social acceptance: a typical product of the bullying of the most gifted and popular, in other words, but one is apparently invited to laugh along with his tormentors. Unless the intention is to expose a dark side to the protagonists (for which I perceive no sign), the character seems to exist only as a comic relief, but a comic relief with a decidedly unpleasant edge. When we only know him as an inept Peeping Tom on the water, it's easy to laugh, even if the revenge of the others seems a bit exaggerated; when we find out that he has no chance - met stranger but colleague of André and regular helper, continuous attacks quickly cease to be very funny. <br /> <br /> But these are the images that remain. Beauty, nightmare and dream.
