I am rather the fan of Mitchell Leisen so it was a great expectation that I rented this film, but the print I received was extremely bad, so worn by the use and burned seemingly irreparable, the film was so dark. So dark that in certain scenes that are filmed in the dark, you can't see a single thing. Having said that, I think I share the same opinion as the first review of this film. He begins unusually and does not take into account the lines and rhythms of the typical 1930s Hollywood movie. Hell, not even your typical Hollywod movie of every age. It seems that the director has been influenced by the Europeans because there is a certain caustic realism in the proceedings from the opening blow that is so realized in the movement of the camera and in the position in which Maggie (Carole Lombard) and Skid (Fred Macmurray ). You almost expect me to start singing "Make believe" from Show boat. He starts with some laughter and poor Anthony in a role in a scene where he doesn't speak a word of English that is slapped by Freddie. Skids is a bum who doesn't care about being a bum. That's why he enrolls in the army where he can hide from the world. He has just been released and in a series of scripted scams, he misses his boat for New York. This is when the film takes over and we begin to bring the 1960s French film vibes to the whole process. The scenes are so well played by Lombard and Cecil Cunningham, the film gains an impulse. MacMurray is also good because he and Lombard fall in love with each other while nurturing his talent for the trumpet. Then the temptress arrives in the form of Dorothy Lamour. Enough with the plot. The film has fantastic editing sequences that dazzled me. They are very good. And Lombard marks a home run in this film, but in the second half, another bit is called Freddie and he can't deliver the goods. With a strongly melodramatic ending and an actor that you don't believe, the film is not up to par, but since it is not the typical film in structure, set design and direction. It's worth a look. For what was one of the 37 successes of the 1936-1937 season. I don't know its exact degree though.
