I discovered this film for the first time when I read a book (written in the 70s) about the career of Mitchell Leisin. I have to admit that over the years I've seen many of his films and found his best work really high quality. SWING HIGH, SWING LOW had to be one of his best. While he wasn't boring me, he didn't impress me as much as TO KEEP BACK THE DAWN, DEATH TAKES A HOLIDAY, KITTY OR ALSO THE GOLDEN EARRINGS. I suspect it's too old to be appreciated now. <br /> <br /> Working at Paramount Leisin had a problem in those films that made what were musicals. Most of the scores with which he worked were quite mediocre. It is true that his films have appeared twice as standard, but they have been very rare cases: "Cocktales for Two" appeared on MURDER AT THE VANITIES, and "Mona Lisa" was released by CAPTAIN CAREY, USA But the rest of the score for MURDER AT LE VANITÀ was forgettable. "Mona Lisa" was the only reason in CAPTAIN CAREY. It should not have been like this: Leisin's studio had Rogers and Hart working in the early 1930s. Why couldn't he have been assigned to a project with them? The SWING HIGH score, SWING LOW, is pleasant but forgettable. Unfortunately, the film is centered in the entertainment world, as Fred Macmurray shows great talents as a trumpeter (he even works with Carole Lombard in his act by wrapping it around his arms when his trumpet blows). The song (sung by Lombard) on how her lover's sound excites her, is important for the plot. It works in the film, but it would have been better if the song was more memorable. <br /> <br /> There is a picaresque style in the film - it starts on an ocean liner on which Lombard works, as a manicurist. He is constantly bullied by his boss Franklin Pangborn (the ship's barber). Then the ship is entering the Panama Canal, and we see MacMurray as a soldier, whose enlistment is ending soon. Their first scene together has a nice touch of Leisin: MacMurray talks with Lombard, she on the deck of the boat and he on the edge of the lock wall. Nice way to keep the action going while the dialog box has a somewhat boring outcome. <br /> <br /> The film follows the rise and fall of the Skid Johnson (MacMurray) when he meets Lombard and begins his reputation as a trumpet player, but meets the other woman in the film, Dorothy Lamore. The film's best moments concern the collapse of the relationship with Lombard and its collapse as a jazz trumpeter (his appearance and need for alcohol is very atypical for a MacMurray character - even his darkest figures like Walter Neff or Mr. Sheldrake or the naval officer pushing the Caine Mutiny has not shown that he can rely on alcohol. <br /> <br /> Lombard is as good as the woman he loves but offended by MacMurray. Love has very little to do - maybe the movie he had more scenes with her, but the first is his attempt to bring MacMurray back to the cart, in his initial little Pangborn is fine Rarely noticed in the movies, the little actor Carl Judels is as effective as a MacMurray good weather fan / friend. who drops him while he goes under (even if he gives an explanation.) Charles Butterworth is trivial in this film as usual, but he has a moment in which he looks embarrassed for his hands the keyboard of a piano in the rooms he, his girlfriend , MacMurr ay, and the Lombard part - its red appearance is due to the embarrassment of a lie that MacMurray insists is true. It was a nice, delicate moment. If only his subtlety had been in his acting, rather than in his moments of wary humor.
