THE ODD COUPLE by Neil Simon has created a model for many of his later works. Felix Unger and Oscar Madison were the unmatched roommates in the original, the first was fussy and clean, the latter was sloppy and loose. Simon would have rewritten (with less success) the drama in the 90s as THE NEW COUPLE ODD, with female roommates. He made a mixed couple (a woman with his daughter and a man) in THE GOODBYE GIRLS. He also gave a further breakthrough in 1973 with THE SUNSHINE BOYS, a Broadway hit with Jack Alberson and Sam Levine as Al Lewis and Willie Clark, retired old Vaudevillians. Here the problem of the "apartment" is reduced to a group of two men who cannot stand each other. The 1976 film starred with Walter Matthau in the role of Willie, and George Burns in the role of Al. <br /> <br /> Actually, Al probably doesn't think it bad at all about Willie - Willie is pathological about Al. First Al had small habits, like spitting lightly when he uttered words that started with the letter "t", and struck Willie lightly with his forefinger on the stage. Secondly, Al retired when his wife died. Willie was not ready to retire (and forced his nephew and agent, Ben (Richard Benjamin) to try to get him to work in advertising, but Willie can't remember the jokes unless they are funny, and he continues to do so is able to stay until the end of a test for a spot. <br /> <br /> Ben is invited to put the two back together for a live scene of their most famous sketch on a TV show on American Comedy. leads Al to see Willie, and the sparks begin to fly, as neither of them can figure out what the other is doing (and this is only during rehearsals. Furthermore, Willie insists on the changes (the lesser ones, but they drive away from Al) how to say "ENTER !!!" when Al knocks on the door. The initial test is a failure, but Ben manages to take them to the recording of the show. The question is whether they will complete the scene in the finished program or will Willie tighten the neck of Al ? <br /> <br /> The three protagonists, Matthau, Burns and Benjamin, they do very well with the jokes, f remember the vaudeville mess with caution (example: "Chest pains ... I'm getting chest pains, Uncle Willie. Every Thursday I come here and have chest pains! "" So, come Friday! "). Benjamin strives to show his deep affection for his uncle, even though Matthau's rough outer shell makes it difficult (he smooths himself only when he talks about the glory days of vaudeville.) Matthau has a little more understanding of reality (at first) of Burns, who seems senile from repeating himself - but in reality Matthau's sense of rejection by the world that once applauded him makes him less willing to behave properly. Burns is not senile - he takes the "Things slowly but seem much happier in accepting his retirement. I call it the final" Voyage of Discovery "for our modern Lewis and Clark. Al and Willie transcend their old skits, while gradually they end up realizing they have more things in common in their old age than they thought. Even the irascible Willie admits that Al could be (for him) a pain in the ass, but he was a funny man. <br /> <br /> Burns was not the original choice for the part of "Al Lewis" (explicitly on Dale of the Smith and Dale team). Jack Benny was. Probably Benny would have done a good job, but bad health forced him to go out (he died in 1975). Burns (whose last involvement in a film was in THE SOLID GOLD CADILLAC in 1956 as a storyteller) got a performance so beautiful that he won the Oscar for Best Supporting Actor, and had a career in cinema over the next decade in movies like OH GOD! OH GOD, YOUR DEVIL; and GOING IN STYLE. He died in 1996 at the age of 100, having proved to be more than a brilliant straight man for his wife Gracie Allan.
