I've seen "Miracles still happen" now at least four times. I never get tired of this fantastic movie. From the beginning, it maintains a person's interest. As the movie progresses and the plane crashes, the story becomes very intense as we watch this little girl trying to survive alone and scared in the Amazon, after a plane crash in which she was the only survivor. Losing his mother in this plane crash makes this movie even more dramatic when we see the dangers this girl had to endure during her ten days in the Amazon. Thinking that this happened is unreal and thinking that anyone could actually survive is unspeakable as we see wild animals, snakes and other reptiles, huge forests and wildlife and countless insects. As the movie progresses, we see the many dangers this girl faces as she tries to follow the river in the hope that she can take her to a city. Remembering what her father told her about how a stream will always lead to a river and then into an even bigger river and this means that it will eventually lead to a community, this girl keeps track of the small stream that eventually leads to a huge river throughout the film. Sometimes, having to swim in dangerous waters, alone, scared, wounded, he always managed to continue. Towards the end of this film it was obvious that she would not be able to continue much longer because she hadn't eaten in ten days and only had water to drink and was very sick and tired from her dangers. Eventually, as she sees a canoe, she realizes that there must be a village and the men find her and they take care of her and then take her to a hospital where her father comes to see her, having feared she died along with many other passengers. A film so dramatic and so moving to see his father's face when he sees his daughter is still alive after all this time in the Amazon! Movies like this aren't made that much in those days. I will see him again and I know that I will never get tired! To think that this girl is the only survivor of this plane is just unspeakable! Moreover, the fact that he only had some very slight wounds was even more remarkable, while all the others on this plane perished in the horrible battle in the Amazon desert. A brilliant film, superbly interpreted and that I will keep forever and I love to keep watching! Strongly recommended by me for sure!
