It has been considered the "Swiss answer to the Lord of the Rings", but it is much more than that. It is not an answer to anything, it is something new in itself, something funny and, at times, it is simply stupid and silly - but is Monty Python different from the foolish one? <br /> <br /> The beginning immediately states that this is a low budget film and is not meant to be taken seriously. The cardboard clouds on the strings hit the plane in which the main character is sitting. But, to compensate for the missing special effects, the landscape does the trick. It's absolutely beautiful and surprising - those who need New Zealand, Switzerland have it all. <br /> <br /> What I liked about the film was the simple approach and the obvious passion and energy that were in it. It is not brilliant; yet it has some fun parts. Edward Piccin in the role of Friedo is absolutely convincing, it would be enough to go see the film thanks to him! There are some good jokes, some are very lame, some of them will not be understood by people outside Switzerland. I liked the idea of ​​having "Urucows" instead of Uruk Hai; I loved the scene where Friedo decides to bring "Pupsi", a telehobbie, with him on the journey. Even the scene is very funny when Rackaroll, the knight who fights with the sword, decides to flaunt the sword and then breaks it into a wall, breaking it. And there's this scene where the "nazgul-ish" characters make a wonderfully comic scene that includes a toilet brush ... I didn't approve of the idea that Ring is used by Schleimli, the "Gollum" character, in to "seduce" the ladies. It was a little exaggerated. The idea of ​​Lord Sauraus that he wanted to cover the lands with the fondue wasn't all that brilliant. Original, certainly, but not brilliant. But above all, I didn't like the idea of ​​a gay dragon, which was not really necessary. All in all, I recommend seeing the movie simply because it's so crazy and totally unkempt. Don't expect a LotR parody like "Spaceballs" was for Star Wars. But if you go to the movies thinking that this will be a fun evening, without ambitions, then you'll have fun. I'm not sure that it works in other languages, because it lives from Swiss dialects, but also from jokes and actors. <br /> <br /> All in all: run to the courage of the Swiss crew who did this!
