Sarafina was a fun movie and some of the songs were really cool. Sarafina was a lot of fun. Normally I don't like music things like this, but the singing wasn't lame as it seemed on the box. The film was useful to learn about the story because it was an interesting perspective of the Soweto revolt of 1976. It showed you things from the student's point of view during the riots and showed you that they were real characters. Because you have to see them as real characters, this makes you more like an audience, and makes you more sympathetic to them as totally the victims of the white government, with whom you can't sympathize. The singing of the students is correct because we know from the stories that the students of the revolt were singing and dancing before it became violent. Student clothing in Sarafina is very similar to clothing shown in Soweto photos. They actually made the film in Soweto, which is why it seems very accurate in many parts. All these things make the film more accurate for those who use it to learn something apart. As viewers, we need to be critical of how the history of apartheid was presented. As I said before, you become understanding with students - this makes it potentially less reliable and objective. Also, change some details from other accounts. In Sarafina it turns into chaos when the policeman enters the classroom and shoots the students. The police and the army were very aggressive in Soweto, but this is probably an exaggerated event. The police and the army shot at the students, but there is no evidence that they enter schools and people like this are executed. The fighting was more in the streets and they had looting and crime. This is done in the film probably to make you feel more sorry for the students at the school. The film would have been more useful if it had some different information on aparthied. The teacher was arrested for being against the government and the mother goes to work in a house of white people. But there is no information about the government and why they are doing it, nor any details about racist policies and laws. - For George S, Chris and Finlay
