This film reminds me of 42nd Street with Bebe Daniels and Ruby Keeler. When I watch this movie it reminds me of 42nd Street, in particular the character Eloise who is a temperamental star and ends up falling and breaking his ankle, as Bebe Daniels did on 42nd Street and another performer gets the part and becomes a star . This film, like most race films, keeps people watching for entertainment. Competition films have always shown Black Entertainment as it really was popular at the time. Dancing styles, Music, Dress styles, You will love it. This movie could have been great if it had been made in Hollywood, it would have had a better scenario, better shots and more money that would have made any film better. But it's worth watching because it's good and Micheaux does well with what little it has. I must say that of all the films of Micheaux, Swing is the best! The film features popular but forgotten singers, dancers, actresses and actors. Doli Armena, a fantastic female trumpeter capable of playing the horn so well that you think Gabriel is playing a horn in the sky. The sexy and sexy female lady Consuela Harris would have shamed Ann Miller and Gyspy Rose Lee. <br /> <br /> Adding more information ... The popular blues singer of the 1920s and 30s Cora Green is at the center of the film, she is Mandy, a good woman who works hard with a bad man who takes the money and spends it on other women. A nosy neighbor played by Amanda Randolph tells Mandy what he saw and listened to and Mandy goes down to the club and captures her man with an attractive and shapely woman named Eloise (played by Hazel Diaz, a Hot-Cha entertainer in the 30s) and a fight breaks out. Then Mandy goes to Harlem where she reunites with a guardian angel Lena played by one of the most beautiful women in Dorothy Van Engle's films. Lena provides Mandy with a home, a job and helps her become a star when Cora Smith (played by Hazel, I think she plays two parts or perhaps changes the stage name) tries to ruin the show with her bad behavior. When Cora gets drunk and breaks her leg, Lena convinces everyone that Mandy is right for the job and Lena is right and a star was born in Mandy. Tall, long, gangly but charming, Carman Newsome is the aspiring producer in search of Lena. The handsome boy Larry Seymour plays the not good, but after Lena has threatened him, he could calm down. There are some highlights, but what comes to mind is the part where Cora Smith (Hazel Diaz) struts late for rehearsals and goes over all and then her man comes in and jabs her in the jaw, but it's not enough, she fought again with Mandy. In the middle there is a great entertainment of choir girls, tap dancers, dancers of shaking, swing music and blues singing. There is also white people watching the entertainment, I wonder where Micheaux found them, there is also a scene where there are blacks and whites sitting together at the club, Micheaux often integrated blacks and whites into his films, should be praised for such a bold move. <br /> <br /> This film was the first race film that I really liked and helped me introduce myself to Oscar Micheaux. This film is one of the best in the film genre of racing, it's a story behind the scenes at the show's highs and lows. <br /> <br /> No, these first competition films may not be the best, they can't be compared to Halleluja, Green Pastures, Stormy Weather, Cabin In The Sky, Carmen Jones, or other Hollywood movies but their fantastic to watch because their first signs of film production and in addition to these films provide a glimpse of black life and black entertainment through the eyes of a black person. These films have given blacks the opportunity to play people from all walks of life, to be beautiful, elegant and classy, ​​and not just to be stereotypes or how whites should have been portrayed as black people in Hollywood. Most of the actors and actresses in these race films were not the best, but they were the only ones that could be afforded at the time, Micheaux and Spencer Williams could not afford Nina Mae McKinney, Josephine Baker, Ethel Waters, Fredi Washington, Paul Robeson, Rex Ingram and other older stars, so Micheaux and other black and white filmmakers would use musicians in their films, some were good, some were not great actors and actresses, but I think Micheaux and others knew that most part were not good actors and actresses, but they were used more as an experiment than for real talent, they just wanted to tell their stories, and in return many black artists were able to show their true talents in the movies. For some real actors / actresses, race films were the only kind of film they could get, especially if they didn't want to play Hollywood stereotypes, so I think you'll be able to spot the real actors / actresses of nightclub artists. These race films are very historic, they could be lost forever, many are lost, perhaps the competition films are not the greatest example of cinema, but even Hollywood movies did not start off big in the beginning. I think if the genre of the competition film continues, it would have been better. If you are looking for great acting, most race films are not those, but if you are looking for a real example of black entertainment and how blacks should be portrayed in movies, then watch the competition films. There are some fun race films with a benevolent cast, Moon Over Harlem, Body and Soul, Paradise In Harlem, Keep Punching, Sunday Sinners, Dark Manhattan, Broken Strings, Boy! What A Girl, Mystery In Swing, Miracle In Harlem and Sepia Cinderella, which not only has good entertainment but good acting.
