I'm a big fan of Vonnegut's work and I'm very fond of this film, but I wouldn't say this is a "Mother Night" movie I read. When people say that Vonnegut is adamant, two things come to mind. One is that many of his themes are very close to the junction or even to the taboo, despite the accusation sometimes used against him who chooses relatively "easy" goals for his satire. This means less every day that passes with regards to filming. The directors of these days seem to have fun with the breaking of taboos and I have high hopes for the version of "Bluebeard" now in production. Incredible to think that an innocent piece like "Sirens of Titan" by Vonnegut would probably be the equivalent of "R" evaluated when shot when it was published in the 1950s, due to its violence, language and sexual and thematic content, too if it is a tragedy that no one has yet arrived with a filmable script for this. And in the current economic climate, I also hope that some filmmakers will look closely at "Jailbird", "Galapagos" and "Hocus Pocus". <br /> <br /> The other thing is his narrative style, which pilots irony ironically, but still made hilarious and fun. It seems impossible to objectify, and this seems to be the biggest obstacle to the making of great films of his great novels, because the small authorial comments that color our response as readers are not possible in the films without resorting to techniques too clumsy as "talkovers" " "Vonnegut suggested that a character was missing in the filmed versions of his work, himself as an author / narrator. To his credit," Breakfast of Champions "(the film) tried to keep the comedy and came a bit of a crunchy for his pains, as did another turkey based on a novel by Vonnegut, "Slapstick" in an even more spectacular way. <br /> <br /> However, there is nothing wrong with a director who gives us his subjective interpretation of Vonnegut, and "Mother Night" is an excellent example of how, as another reviewer said, a good director can add a visual poem to a source like this, but so much of humor or it is lost that although it is the same plot, it is not really from the same novel I read. If it had been, I would probably have rolled in the corridors laughing a few times to look at him. For a reader of the novel, I think a laugh at the end is also forgivable. The end of the film, however, is very touching, and I think one of the successes of the film is that it can really make you feel that you have seen someone walking on the razor's edge between good and evil, and the jury is still out. <br /> <br /> Standing alone and worth a look by itself. Technically there are some minor but striking errors, particularly in the continuity, and too often it seems sad and theatrical, but most of the time it hits an acceptable note and occasionally shows a remarkable imagination and resourcefulness. Acting in general is of a high standard, although perhaps the dialogue is somewhat compiled by today's standards. <br /> <br /> He survives quite well watching the back to back with "Slaughterhouse-5", and actually there is a little more "good" he filmed Vonnegut out there, mostly versions of his stories - "Harrison Bergeron", "Who Am I This Time?" and some other things like, of course, the very funny but throwaway version of the movie, "Happy Birthday Wanda June". There was also an interesting piece, if it still exists, made in the '70s with the title "Between Time And Timbuktu" which apparently did not appeal to Vonnegut, although he was involved in his production, because he felt it was misinterpreted in its generality. He said it reminded him of the bizarre surgical experiments performed in HG Wells's "The Island of Dr. Moreau", but he did it for many people who serve as an excellent introduction to his work. <br /> <br /> But if the movies don't make you want to go to the higher source material, they're not doing their job. <br /> <br /> As the man said, more or less, the big show is in your head.
