I have not yet read Kurt Vonnegut's Mother's Night (although I have read other books of his, all exceptional pieces of satire and pieces of novels that change the game). After seeing Keith Gordon's film adaptation of his book, it will be an immediate obligatory read in the near future. It is the kind of material that I am sure that if it had not been made in 1995/96 as a film, it would be picked up immediately today in the period in which many post-present-Holocaust / WW2 films are quite popular. Except that this is much more obscure, even more resounding, about the nature of the game roles and the real underlying horror of living with life after the war than saying The Reader. This is the real danger of pretending in wartime, which means being a spy in WW2. <br /> <br /> It would be one thing if Mother Night had a script with a lot of emotional depth and the complexity of the moral choice and the constant role - even after the end of the war - for Howard W. Cambpell (Nick Nolte), who it is reality. But it is also just a really strong film technology company. Keith Gordon is not a person I usually consider a director of very strong material (more, therefore, I think of him as an actor, strangely described briefly with Vonnegut himself in Back to School), but this is a revelation. It tells the story of Campbell as the story of a fragmented life: a German propaganda master ("the only American left in Berlin"), who is actually a spy for the Americans but can never reveal his identity, and it was before a playwright who really belonged to "a nation of two", he and his wife (Sheryl Lee). He follows him from his prison cell, awaiting trial in Israel in 1961, while he writes his memorial and tells of his disillusionment with being a "fake" Nazi, and then in 1960 in semi-hiding in a New York apartment, which is where most of the film takes place. <br /> <br /> The Mother Night can be quite heavy, as on a level that could be associated with the Pianist, but on another emotional-brain level more than the harsh poetry of that film. Gordon, through Vonnegut, is trying to give us a strong look at a man who has nothing, except the memory (and then a strange transposition) of his long lost love in a "sister" who has returned to him in New York, so he is left to himself when he befriends a painter (Alan Arkin, very good here), and then he is discovered as a Nazi hidden in a white supremacist newsletter, which brings wackos to his apartment. At first glance, this should only be a simple espionage story, but it's not a simple thing. The "something" of this man's life is stunning, but in the end it is his choice. Campbell is one of those characters that could be analyzed for hours and hours, but the same conclusions could be reached (and, in a sense, reflects the Goebbels line): the bigger the lie, the more people believe it. This is except for the chosen few who have started the lie and know its secret and power. <br /> <br /> But oh, it would be one thing if it was just a wonderful and tragic-comic tale, or another if it were there were some really fantastic performances (which is true: Nolte is at its best here, and Sheryl Lee, whom we could remember from Twin Peaks as Laura Palmer, stuns multiple roles, especially in the scene when she reveals that she is not "properly" 'Helga'. It is also a wonderfully shot film, with bright lights and shots that reflect the mental state of the character, or just the ruthless or raw colors of the time (look at the scene where an old Campbell watches a movie of his younger self making a rant , the juxtaposition of faces is great). And the musical selections increase the level of the tragedy. It could be argued that part of the music is too much, but at other times it elevates the material beyond its usual dramatic dimensions and makes it operatic, solemn on human nature. <br /> <br /> It is not always an easy film to take emotionally, and some of the turns have that touch of "whoa" as in any spy story. But it is the subversion of Vonnegut to make its way, the way of taking appearance and performance, the life that imitates art by imitating the life that imitates death and transforms it into something worth remembering. I still have no idea if the book is better than the film (or vice versa), but at the moment it is difficult for me not to recommend it to anyone in search of a post-WW2 masterpiece / holocaust narrative.
