American playwright Howard W. Campbell, Jr. (played by Nick Nolte's moldy obsolescence) lives happily in Germany with the actress's wife, Helga Noth (Sheryl Lee), before the start of World War II. At the height of his life, Howard is drafted by an American agent (John Goodman) to become a spy on behalf of the Allies; Worried about the risks that the job holds, Howard has everything to lose, but finds the offer irresistible. After his wife's death and the end of the war, Campbell camouflages himself with the anonymity of a solitary life in New York City, which confuses his neuroses even more. The central question (in fact, a question that has frustrated many critics) of the film and Kurt Vonnegut's original novel is "Is Campbell a hero or a traitor?" Director Keith Gordon and writer Robert B. Weide offer us clues, but no answer, and this ambiguity, this NON-knowledge, is what keeps "Mother Night" fresh and interesting. At the beginning of the film, Nolte portrays Campbell smart and confident; in the end, he is frightened and uncertain, or frightened and COMPLETELY certain of his contribution / debt to humanity for his role in the war. Gordon applies a certain icy brilliance to the images of the first half of the film, which complement his portrayal of the Nazi bourgeoisie and captures the dramatic side of Vonnegut. The flip side, when Campbell is confined to his lonely New York apartment (which he affectionately calls "purgatory") only to be discovered by a group of Nazis, the humor produced is purely distinctive of the author, and provides a truce temporary from the dramatic tension that develops. The moral paradox (also spiritual) of "Mother Night" does not lend itself to a simple resolution, and to a certain extent, the black and white scenes of Campbell that wearily fixes the space while imprisoned should be left ambiguous Israel suggests a contemplation unexpressed to which we are not made aware while Campbell is a character whose internal mechanisms end up ignoring very little; the war changes it, returning to America changes it, and meeting with the Nazis in New York forces him to further prolong the facade of his "act", to the point that he can only wearily fix an image of himself projected on a wall, vomiting the anti-Semitic bile. Maybe it's the best reaction we could hope for.
