That magical moment of life, that point between the beautiful innocence of childhood and the confused whirlwind that marks adulthood. . . this is what this film is about. <br /> <br /> Danni (wonderfully played by Reese Witherspoon) is right at that moment in life when the film begins. He slams on Elvis, plays his records and, willingly, thinks about love. Maureen, her sister, will soon go to college, she has no problem attracting boys, she is beautiful and seems to have understood everything, even if she is not. A local loser says that father is also behind her, and only hopes to be able to find a decent boy and be wiped out. Damages like most young people want you to be someone else but yourself because most teenagers think that they are not good enough. She wants to be Maureen but doesn't see that she is beautiful herself. <br /> <br /> The moment when adulthood begins to intrude on his life is when he meets Court Foster for the first time. The court, whose father died recently, moved into their old farm to work with his mother and two younger brothers. He took responsibility when he should have fun. On a particular hot day he goes to the pond and jumps just to find Danni diving deeper. They shout and fight and Danni leaves. But they see each other a day later, when Courts mother is invited to Danni to visit old friends (Danni's parents). Danni becomes attracted to Court and Court to Danni. She is a tomboy and is spunky, has attitude and says what is in her mind. <br /> <br /> The Court is 17 years old and Danni 14 and he knows it, but they continue to approach with their days at the pond among the Court working on the farm. When the court kisses her one day, Danni is hit. Danni's father tells her to invite the court into the house and does so. but things are inconvenient for Court in his "type of appointment". However, the silence is broken by his meeting with Maureen who has yet to see the Court. A look between the two and all around. The looks of pain and defeat on Danni's face are both beautiful in their genuineness to life and at the same time painful. I won't say the rest of the film, but the film has more of a relationship between a boy and two sisters. <br /> <br /> The greatness of the film is in its representation of moments of life both beautiful and painful and the relationship between two sisters whose love is put to the test by a boy they love and the pain they have to endure both together than individually. Danni finally marks his entry into the world when he sees that the world is unfair, painful and perhaps even a little less optimistic than when the film started. Few films can really capture the wonder of childhood and the pain of adulthood in a perfect way. This film saw the first time I saw it stuck in my mind. It is on my list of the 100 best films and deservedly. I just wish other films like this were made, because if that were the case. . . my trust in Hollywood would be much better.
