When I heard about the show for the first time, I heard a lot about it, and got good reviews. I saw the first episode of this "forensic fairy tale", as it proclaims itself, and I really loved it. I've loved it since then. This show has a good sense of humor and it's fun to see a good show like this. The cast is as good as their characters, and I wouldn't want to change them in any way. <br /> <br /> For those unfamiliar with this show, Pushing Daisies focuses on a man named Ned (aka The Pie Maker, played by Lee Pace) who discovered a special gift when he was a boy: he could bring the dead back to life with the touch of a finger. He did it for the first time with his dog, Digby. However, there is the grip: if someone keeps a dead person alive for more than a minute, someone else dies. He learned that when he brought his mother back to life, and the father of the childhood crush died in place of Ned's mother. The other grip is if he touches the person again, they are dead again, but this time forever. He learned it when his mother kissed him goodnight. His father took him to boarding school, and when he left, Ned never saw his father again. <br /> <br /> Nearly 20 years later, Ned owns a baked pastry, cleverly titled "The Pie Hole". A colleague of Ned, Olive Snook (Kristin Chenoweth) has a crush on Ned, but Ned refuses his moves, trying not to get close to anyone, learning from past experiences. Private investigator Emerson Cod (Chi McBride) has discovered the gift that Ned has, and decides to make him a partner in the resolution of murders. Ned touches the victim, asks who killed them, and when the minute has expired, he touches them again, and they solve it. That's how they usually solve it. During the episodes, the murders have very interesting plots and that's what people least expect. <br /> <br /> One day, Ned discovers that his next murder to solve is his childhood love, Charlotte "Chuck" Charles (Anna Friel). He brings her back to life and decides to break the rules and keep her alive. In his place, the funeral director, who stole jewelry from the corpses, died. When Emerson finds out, and when Chuck wants to help solve the murders, he doesn't agree a little - for a while, we hear him called Chuck 'Dead girl'. All this is kept in secret by Olive, Chuck Vivian and Lily's aunts (Ellen Greene and Swoosie Kurtz, respectively), and by anyone else, in case someone acknowledged it by the obituaries, news, etc. Vivian and Lily, previously synchronized swimmers, hadn't left home in years. Emerson, Ned and Chuck agree to work together. Ned and Chuck grow up to love each other, even if they can never touch each other again. <br /> <br /> This show is fun, it has fantastic characters, it contains great twists, and it will surely give the morale. I hope it's not canceled at 13 episodes.
