This show was appreciated by critics and by those who realized that any similarity between the "Push the daisies" style and that of anyone else was not a bargain. (Yes, I saw "Amelie". "Pushing the daisies" is somewhat similar but different enough to be original.) Rather, there are too many TV shows that have this kind of bizarre charm. The major similarity is with "Dead Like Me", but "P.D" derives from that honesty similarity: Bryan Fuller created both shows. (Both shows involve an "undead" young woman, for example.) This show never ceased to be fun and fascinating, and it was always weird, but it was constantly human. <br /> <br /> I have to say a word about the current story conventions. some people complained that this show lacked a moral center because in the first few episodes (and many later) Ned seems to have succeeded in causing Chuck's father to die without any sort of consequences. First of all, this must be a new definition of "without consequences of any kind" because, despite the fact that Ned was only a boy and did not realize he had caused the death of Chuck's father, he felt guilty anyway in which he realized what he had done. Also, about a dozen episodes of the series, Ned eventually confessed to Chuck that he caused his father's death with his gift. Now, there are no policemen who accuse people of magically provoking the death of a person by bringing another person back to life, so questions of acquittal and restitution must be taken without a guide of society. In other words, it is between Ned and Chuck, who was not inclined to forgive Ned at any time. <br /> <br /> But this points to a problem with the continuous plots in network movies. I remember when the character of David Caruso on "NYPD Blue" did something wrong and it seemed that if he got away with it - for a whole year - then he was captured and forced to quit his job (and left the show) . The point is that viewers should learn by now and not assume that just because a normal character does something wrong in a single episode, and is not caught in that episode, that he got rid of it. There's always next week - and maybe next year too.
