"Pushing Daisies" is certainly one of the best TV shows of its kind in the last 5 years, I agree with that or not. Bryan Fuller, the creator, has an incredible creative mind. It is the mind behind other great television programs like "Dead Like Me" (2003), "Wonderfalls" (2004), and the other not exceptional like these, but also interesting, "Heroes" (2006). It's a mix of the wonderful worlds that Brian Fuller created in previous TV shows, once again mixing a fantastic fantasy world with real types of people masked by colorful images and exaggerated feelings, something that is always a fairy tale. So, being a kind of fairy tale, you can't expect more than an unrealistic world and unexpected situations, or even highly anticipated situations, but not in a way that would normally have been said. <br /> <br /> A gift always comes with a curse, and what is sweet can also be bitter. That's right, Ned (Lee Pace), The Piemaker, is a simple guy with an interesting gift as well as being an extraordinary chef: he can give life to the dead with a simple touch. This could be a power that everybody could die - or live - if it weren't for another simple and very sad thing: it can even give death forever if it touches it again. The curse of this amazing gift does not stop there ... everything has a reward and if you bring something to life for more than a minute, another species of that person would die instantly. He is a boy full of unfortunate events in the life in which he grew up in an introspective way, he is always afraid to touch everything and once again lose the things he once loved. Until the day he could finally be close to his greatest childhood love, Chuck (Anna Friel), had it not been for another sad fact: she was dead. He gave her life back and she loves him as much as he does, but this love is untouchable. The real kiss of death. And this is how this beautiful modern fairy tale begins. <br /> <br /> When I heard about "Pushing Daisies" for the first time, it was promoted as something very familiar (or maybe a kind of tribute) to everything that Tim Burton created from "Pee-Wee's Big Adventure "(1985) to" Big Fish "(2003) and" Charlie And The Cholate Factory "(2005). The results could not be better. The world around The Pie Hole was magnificent. Stories about Ned and Detective Cod (Chi McBride) to solve unsolved crimes can be very common on TV, but this is just a way to guide people through incredible stories surrounding characters like Chuck and Olive (Kristin Chenoweth) in a world wonderful full of beautiful and dreamy images that you can almost perceive the taste of colors. Not only that, you have merged into a group of unbelievable and charismatic gentle characters, even those with the deepest dark moods. <br /> <br /> Forgetting the banal concept of murders and unresolved crimes, the show is brilliant and is triumphant in many other things. The actors here are the most important. Lee Pace is tender, soft and content as the character asks. Anna Friel is the muse of the show as her character should be. But the best moments have always been secondary actors like Chi McBride (Detective Emmerson Cod), Swoozie Kurtz (like Lilly Charles), Ellen Greene (like Vivian Charles) and Kristin Chenoweth (like Olive Snook). Swoozie Kurtz shines showing a character so dry drowned in an impossible black humor that could frighten a clown, surely he has the best dialogues and his expressions and body language are mesmerizing. But if the best dialogues are given by Swoozie and her character, the best funny moments are given by Kristin Chenoweth. It seems like he's improvising all the time, it's so naturally fun that every single scene is a separate show. Kristin is so brilliant on the show that winning the 2009 Emmy for her supporting role on the show was absolutely right and well deserved. There is also chemistry between the actors and their characters, which are also fantastic. <br /> <br /> There are no words to express what this TV show really is and what it should have been. For those who think this show is a waste of time or claim to have no sense in it, it definitely needs to open their minds and go back to a time that they probably never had: childhood. <br /> <br /> being told ... TV has never been as bold on a TV show as with this fantastic. "Pushing Daisies" was a huge step forward in terms of great artistic entertainment and his sudden death was very disrespectful. It is true that the TV does not respect the great television programs like those created by Bryan Fuller - except "Heroes" which is still on the air and is far from surprising as the others.
