After reading two or three negative reviews on IMDb's main page for "Pushing Daisies", and having literally spent minutes watching the final episode, I thought it was time to say what I thought of PD. <br /> <First of all, to clarify some of the problems I have seen other people with this show: something along the lines of "I expect people who have been awakened from death to have a more realistic reaction". Realistic, in this show? Pushing the daisies is, in reality, pure and total escape. It's the color palette, the dialogue used, the scenarios, the situations, the music: for me, all this is just an escape from everyday life. An escape from the banal and boring. This is where Pushing Daisies exceeds exceptionally well Pushing Daisies is not for everyone: a large majority of the television audience does not "understand" it, for some people it is simply too out and stupid. But for people like me, even from the first episode I saw ("Frescorts" of Season 2), I was simply blown away by the show. From that moment on, I bought both boxes and just left my DVD player. Other people I know can't stand it, it really seems to be like Marmite. <br /> <br /> The show follows the adventures of Ned, the Piemaker, with a magic finger, which reports Charlotte, the childhood childhood, works in collaboration with private investigator Emerson Cod, owns the Pie- hole and employs the waitress Olive Snook. Rounding out the main members of the cast are the aunts Lily and Vivian, to whom Charlotte (Chuck) is never allowed to see. They live in a fantasy world in which the dead are brought back to life, everything is shown with a wonderfully luminous splendor of colors and narrated by Jim Dale. <br /> <br /> In addition to describing the basics of the show, I really can't praise it much more without saying: just look at it. Despite being screwed by the Guild of America strike, with only 22 episodes ever made, it provides wonderful twists, plots, characters and situations while providing (for me) a satisfying ending (yes, I could say he had been attacked at the end and hurried, but I was still happy with the way it came out). Whether creative or simply pretentious, for many people (including myself) has made the vision more compelling and wonderful, and I hope for the future of television that more shows like this will be created, so I have only 22, 40 minutes of memories left of what can be the real fun.
