The young Dr. Fanshawe (Mark Letheren), a passionate archaeologist, is sent by his head of the Museum to the large country house of Squire Richards (Pip Torrens), where his task is to find the origin and catalog the collection of antiquities and curiosities belonging to the deceased father of the squire. The Squirinth is surprised by Fanshawe's arrival, he hasn't been waiting for it for another week, but still welcomes him and gets his only servant, Patten (David Burke ... of Dr Watson), to show him in his room, like Fanshawe he must stay for a few days to finish his rather large task. Patten would seem not to be the kindest guy and seems to resent the extra work that Fanshawe's visit, the large empty house that provides an infinite amount of cooking, cleaning and maintenance for him, will entail. Fanshawe is a fussy type, very clean and precise, with everything in his place, whether it's his clothes or his books and newspapers, and he is rather disgusted by the dirt in his room. Needless to say, he is rather anxious to start his work, but unpacking finds that his binoculars have been damaged during transport, so he asks Squire for a replacement pair, The Squire, which is a modern man, but it would seem rather uneducated. arguments, he is also eager to get rid of the confusion around the house, so he forces and walks Fanshawe to the top of the hill so that he can control the estate and the surrounding villages, there the squire directs him to the points of interest, including Gallows Hill, where the locals were hung up for their crimes and illicit, his interest is also taken from a local abbey which the squire describes as a ruin, but Fanshawe can see through binoculars that clearly is not, further investigates and pays a visit to the site of the abbey and is shocked to discover that there are only a few remains of stone? Fanshawe does not have much time to think about this riddle while darkness falls, he feels he is being observed, he feels a presence, he begins to see the shadows that move in the woods, he gets caught while he runs home. During dinner he gives the details of his harrowing day to the Master, Patten hears the story and suggests an explanation for this ... The Binoculars! belonged to a local man called Baxter, who seemed to collect bones and skulls from Gallows Hill, boiling them for some concoction or otherwise, Baxter had mysteriously disappeared one night, the late Squire had bought his belongings, including a mask made of a skull and some old engravings in the area. These etchings fascinate Fanshawe while depicting the abbey he saw through his binoculars, but learns that the abbey had been destroyed during the reign of Henry VII and therefore it would have been impossible for Baxter to have drawn the sketches, never the less they are signed and dated by Baxter to the recent past, he concludes that binoculars have special power. That night he has horribly vivid dreams, when he wakes up, leaves with binoculars to take a closer look at the abbey through them, what he finds surprises him but he put himself in dangerous danger by doing so? Fanshawe eventually becomes trapped in his dangerous obsession, while darkness falls on the Master and a search team goes in search of the missing archaeologist, they are alerted by dozens of croakers who are croaking around Gallows HIl, speeding up their speed, but they will be in time to help or save Fanshawe from his fate? The Ghost Story series for the BBC's Christmas movies sadly ended its first film series in 1978 with The Ice House, mostly based on the work of the great M.R. James. In 2005 and 2006 the series was briefly revived and Luckily A View from a Hill also marked a return to the work of James, whose ghostly writings haunted many generations of readers. Director Luke Watson who is new to the series may have worried fans of older films, but returns to the period abandoned by subsequent films that immediately set the tone for a great story by Ghost, his direction is assured by the fact that he remains faithful to the the mood of the masters works and gradually builds the fear factor into a terrifying climax, while maintaining what the viewer sees to a minimum, thus increasing tension and mystery. The autumn countryside offers a great deal of atmosphere, the falling leaves and the low lying sun provide a disturbing scenario for the sinister events to come. The cast must be told that they are all superb and are perfectly expressed in their respective roles. The idea behind binoculars is simple but very effective, the use of an object created by man to see supernatural beings and events that the naked eye cannot see, may even have influenced Álex de la Iglesia in his film La habitación del niño (2006) of the following year, with which it bears surprising similarities. I had heard mixed reviews of this particular film, but I must say that I always found it intriguing and it even raised a few hairs on my head and gave me some thrills, which doesn't happen much these days, I think any negativity surrounding the film can only be attributed to its rhythm, which in my eyes is perfection, but for the modern public it will be seen as mortally slow. He is given a lot of time, even in his short 40 minutes of execution, for character development and plot expansion and I must say that he is one of my favorites and certainly one of the best films of the decade.
