The year 2005 saw no less than 3 filmed productions of the great novel by H. G. Wells, "War of the Worlds". This is perhaps the least known and probably the best of them. No other version of WotW has ever attempted to present the story not only as Wells wrote, but also to create the atmosphere of the time it was supposed to take place: the last year of the 19th century, 1900 ?? using the original setting of Wells, in and near Woking, England. <br /> <br /> IMDb seems hostile to what they consider "spoilers". This could apply to some films, where the ending could actually be a surprise, but as far as one of the most famous novels in the world is concerned, it seems positively silly. I have no sympathy for people who have neglected to read one of the fundamental works in English literature, so let's go straight to the point. The aliens are destroyed by the capture of an earth disease, against which they have no immunity. If that's a spoiler, so be it; after a book and 3 other films (including the 1953 classic), you should know how it will end. <br /> <br /> This film, which follows the plot of Wells as a whole, is also presented very cleverly ?? in a way that could alienate many viewers because of their ignorance of late nineteenth / early twentieth century photography. Even if shot in a widescreen format, the film does everything to give an impression of contemporaneity. The general coloring of the skin and clothes shows a sepia hue that is often found in old photographs (instead of black). Colors often resemble hand coloring. Other times, the colors are faded. These variations are typical of early films, which did not use standardized celluloid stocks and therefore presented many changes in print quality, from black / white to sepia / from white to blue / from white to reddish / white and so on ?? as you will see on the occasion here. The special effects are deliberately retrograde, of a type seen even up to the 20s ?? yet the Martians and their cars are just as Wells described them and have a more "realistic" feeling. Are some effects really embarrassing ?? like the destruction of Big Ben. Acting is often more in the style of that period than in ours. Some aspects of the Victorian dress may seem strange, especially the use of ointment or brilliantine on the hair of the face and face. <br /> <br /> Is this film the only one that closely follows Wells's original narrative ?? as has been noted Viewers may find it informative to note the details of the plot that appear here that are occasionally stored in other versions of the story. Wells' description of the Martians ?? a giant head mounted on numerous tentacles ?? is actually depicted. When the Martian machines appear, about an hour into the film, they also give a good impression of how Wells described them. Are both Wells and this film doing a great job portraying Martians' progress from the limited (mainly) perspective of rural England ?? plus some scenes in London (involving the Narrator's brother). The director is unable to resist the destruction of an important landmark (Big Ben), but at least he does not unduly dwell on the devastation of London. <br /> <br /> The victory of the Martians is hardly a surprise, despite the destruction by some of their machines. The Narrator, traveling to seek escape, sees much of what Wells calls "the course of Humanity". Meet a curate endowed with the Victorian affliction of a too precious and nervous personality. Eventually they find themselves on the edge of a Martian nest, where they discover a terrible fact: the Martians have shown themselves to be vampires who consume their living prey in a very effective scene. Wells adds that after eating they set up "a prolonged and cheerful whistle". Is the Narrator finally obliged to beat the increasingly hysterical curate senseless? that lives again just as the Martians drag it to the pantry (applause from the gallery, the British curates are so often absolutely unbearable). <br /> <br /> This film lasts almost 3 hours, passing through the Wells story in welcome detail. Has the time come for the author to have the due? in a compelling presentation that creates a dramatic impact. A word about acting: don't expect rewarded performances. They are not bad, however, the actors are serious and grow on you. Most of them, however, have had very short film careers, often only in this film. The Narrator is played by Hunky Anthony Piana, in his second film. Is the Curé John Kaufman ?? also in his second film as an actor but who had more experience in directing. The brother ("Henderson") is interpreted with a certain conviction by W. Bernard Bauman in his first film. The Artilleryman, the only other important part, is played by James Lathrop in his first film. <br /> <br /> This is overall a wonderful film, which for the first time represents the War of the Worlds as Wells wrote it. Despite its slight defects, it is far better than any of its competitors. If you want to see the War of the Worlds by H. G. Wells ?? and not a completely distorted version of it ?? watch this movie!
