Imagine being able to have everything you wanted, going wherever you want, being all you ever dreamed of being - through thought alone. Now imagine sharing this gift with the love of your life. What would you do? Are these powers worth your soul? This is the dilemma presented to Captain Christopher Pike in "The Cage", the now legendary pilot episode of the original Star Trek series. Notoriously considered "too cerebral" and "too cold" by NBC brass and rejected, "The Cage" was still the most ambitious and expensive pilot ever made in network history at the time, and Gene Roddenberry didn't want to leave all the effort and the costs go to waste, with the result of this truly classic Star Trek episode, which incorporates "The Cage" in a plot that deepens and extends the emotional and philosophical depth of this haunting tale, a landmark in the history of TV and one of the first really serious science fiction stories ever filmed for the small screen ... Star Date 3012: The USS Enterprise diverts into Starbase 11 after Mr. Spock receives an urgent message from the former Enterprise commander. Surprisingly, the message cannot be from Captain Pike after all, since he is now confined to a wheelchair, mute and horribly disfigured after a tragic accident. The commanding officer of Kirk and Starbase Commodore Mendez tries to get to the bottom of the mystery, but before the matter can be clarified, Spock - for reasons still unknown - commits an act of open mutiny, kidnapping the defenseless Captain Pike and hijacking the 'Enterprise through a brilliant and thoughtful plan, aided by some Vulcan volcanic nerves. Soon, the Enterprise heads for the remote forbidden planet of Talos IV. Mendez informs Kirk that Talos IV is under interdiction and any contact with the planet by ships or Starfleet personnel immediately leads to a death sentence, which means that Spock seems to deliberately destroy himself, and also Kirk, since the Captain will be held responsible for the activities of the ship. Horrified, Kirk and Mendez hurried after each other in a shuttle, which becomes dangerous when the Enterprise refuses to answer their calls or picks up the aircraft until power and oxygen are almost gone. Spock - knowing that Kirk must be the one following the ship - is obviously unable to deliver the Captain to certain death. After ordering to retrieve the vessel and the occupants on board, Spock reveals what he did to McCoy and asks to be arrested, having established the ship on an irreversible path to Talos IV. After summarizing the command, Kirk asks for an explanation, at which Spock demands immediate court martial from a court of Starfleet commanding officers - of which there are three on board - Mendez, Kirk and the invalid paralytic Captain Pike. Spock's encyclopedic knowledge of Starfleet regulations allows him to manipulate the court to allow him to present otherwise inadmissible evidence. Spock presents video recordings of the only contact ever made between the Federation and the inhabitants of Talos IV - a journey made 13 years earlier by the Enterprise itself under Pike's command. Kirk expresses doubts about the authenticity of the video due to its extreme details, but the reality of the events represented is confirmed by Pike himself, who appears to have been lured to Talos IV by a distress call from the alleged survivors of a search by the ship Federation which crashed there 18 years ago. Among the survivors is Vina, a splendid beauty who is said to have been born shortly before the disaster. Pike is attracted to the girl and allows her to lure him to an isolated place, after which he is kidnapped and captured by the Talosians, a race of androgynous humanoids with enormous cranial capacity and the power to transform thoughts into virtual reality. After Pike's capture, the rest of the "survivors" vanish because none of them ever existed except Vina. The episode ends when the court learns that Spock's "evidence" is actually transmitted to the Enterprise directly by Talos IV, in violation of Starfleet regulations. Starfleet orders an immediate stop at the broadcasts, and we wonder what will happen next ... Continue in a review of "The Menagerie: Part II"!
