The Menagerie episode one and two was the only 2-parter during the three years of the original Trek series and it was because Roddenberry was able to insert most of the footage from the 1st pilot "The Cage". The move was made out of necessity, to combat the problems of expiration in obtaining the episodes produced (such a sf show in the '60s was a nuisance to do in time). A positive result was that the public, unaware of the pilot produced almost a couple of years earlier, had been treated by a whole new crew and captained for these two episodes on top of the regular cast of the characters, as if the producers had spent the double the money from these episodes to present a TV epic that spans a dozen years of Starfleet history (although in these early episodes they still used terms like "United Space Fleet"). <br /> <br /> The enveloping plot begins as a plot of the space mystery: the Enterprise is diverted to Starbase 11 for unknown reasons and very soon Spock is a suspect in these tricks. Surprisingly, although even McCoy believes that Spock's Vulcan heritage makes it impossible for him to subterfuge, it turns out that Spock is actually implementing some rebellious scheme for shanghai our precious spaceship and kidnaps his former captain, Pike, now horribly crippled. Well, Spock is half human, we tend to forget. Or is he simply mad? It could very well be, since it will direct the Enterprise to Talos IV, a planet so off-limits that it is the only known death penalty on Starfleet books. When the jig is over, there's a big scene of Spock surrendering to a stunned McCoy, while Uhura looks at him shocked. Even Kirk, usually constant as a captain should be, does not know what to do with the illogical conduct of his first officer. <br /> <br /> In the third and final act, we begin to see the images transmitted of a mission of the Enterprise 13 years earlier, when Captain Pike commanded and Spock was one of his officers. We don't really know where this is going and what Spock is hoping to achieve - and that's another thing that makes him a great 2-parter - we really need to find out what it is about in the second part. Spock is not only facing severe penalties, but it seems that Kirk's career may be over. Double danger, people. This is also the first television episode to present one of these spaceships (none was available in the previous "The Enemy Within" when boats were really needed). There is also one of those beautiful opaque paintings to convey the atmosphere of a futuristic base - this was the only way to visualize these things back then. Finally, check out Kirk's smug approach at the beginning of the episode - boy, things go about him as the story progresses.
