You shouldn't take what I'm about to say lightly. I've seen many, many movies and I've reviewed a lot of them, in print. So when I tell you that this movie has the funniest scene I've ever seen in a movie, you might want to listen to me. There is a lot of diversity of opinion on what makes this film AMAZINGLY stupid as much as fun. And to those who haven't arrived, well, I can't blame them, too. The scene I'm talking about comes around 30 minutes and involves a dead condemned man chained to John Candy. Until that moment I had found the film stupid, confused and was beginning to lose me. When this scene came, I laughed so hard, I pissed my pants. No film has ever done this to me before. At the beginning of the project, "Going Berserk" was to be the SCTV movie. I remember it was announced. Over time, the cast has been reduced to John Candy, Joe Flaherty and Eugene Levy. There must have also been a regime change at Universal, as it was being shot, because once released, it was shown in ZERO theaters. When I looked at this second time, I listened to the acronym (which actually shows how incomprehensible the plot is in the lyrics), relaxed my logical nerve and understood what was happening. Apart from the aforementioned routine, "Going Berserk" has many other hilarious scenes to recommend it. This is almost a 3 Stooges movie, except it's a lot more fun. Director David Steinberg has crystal-clear timing and must have laughed all this. As for Candy, which is practically in charge here, it was NEVER more fun. With all the plot devices and explanatory scenes thrown out the window, it's absolutely wild. Flaherty and Levy follow him effortlessly. There is a plot, but a plot like "Animal House" has had a plot, and yes, the script is irregular and a little slow to start. Once you know it, however, you can well appreciate the incredible SCTV style madness that shines through. It's stupid, but it's stupid on purpose, and you have to remember it when you see it. Let's see it, and find out for yourself, if it has the funniest scene of all time.
