This is a Casper the Friendly Ghost apart from my childhood, and I watch it again on YouTube (thanks to GOD! For You Tube); after that I love this short, and it's one of my favorite Casper shorts. <br /> <br /> I like how the spooky short begins with Frank Gallop's disturbing narrative; until we see Casper sitting by his gravestone in the cemetery, reading. While all the ghosts went up from the graves to the "whistling" people, Casper decides to leave in search of a friend. But in trying to make a friend, anyone who sees Casper runs away. Poor Casper sat on a log and wept; until a small fox cub approaches him. Casper and the little fox quickly get together and quickly name the puppy Ferdie and consider him his best friend. <br /> <br /> The relationship between Casper and Ferdie is jeopardized, however, when Casper does not keep an eye on Ferdie while playing Hide and Seek. While Ferdie is hiding a hunter and two of his hunting dogs come and try to kill the little Ferdie and Ferdie is running as fast as he can until he is out of breath and starts panting. While the hunter is firing shots at Ferdie Casper, he notices that they are trying to kill him and he flies in the direction of the hunter and begs that the hunter leaves Ferdie alone. And the hunter and the dogs are terrified of Casper. Casper yells at Ferdie that the hunter and the dogs are gone and that all is well. But Casper sees that Ferdie's body does not move and asks if he is okay. When Casper sees that Ferdie is dead, he starts crying in pain because he has lost "the only friend he has ever had in his whole life". Casper returns to the cemetery where he buried Ferdie and made a tombstone for him next to Casper's tombstone. Casper continues to cry with pain until he sees that Ferdie has risen like a ghost in person. Ferdie starts licking Casper on his cheek. Casper screams with joy because he has been reunited with Ferdie. <br /> <br /> Overall, it's really a good short; though surprisingly disturbing, it shows death in a family-oriented cartoon.
