Oh dear . Yet another example of "Oireland" and religion. No doubt we will see some depressing nonsense showing some "freedom fighters" and "macho" of the IRA. Well, this was my first reaction when the credits started, but a little over an hour and a half later I was in a state of shock. What a great movie <br /> <br /> The story begins on the day of the marriage between Sean Cloney and Sheila Kelly in the 1950s. There is a small problem since they get married in the Catholic church and Sheila is a Protestant, but to ensure that the marriage takes place Sheila is committed to raising her Catholic children and attending Catholic school when they "are old enough. History - set in the 1950s - it leaps forward a few years when the Cloney daughters are about to start school, but Sheila has decided that they will participate in the local Protestant school to the disgust of the local priest, Father Stafford. /> <br /> Let me put my papers on the table and declare that, despite having both the Protestant Irish and Scottish Protestant heritage, I was raised as an agnostic and considered myself an atheist throughout my adult life. when it comes to religion, I consider myself a Marxist and religion is a cynical weapon used to manipulate people, and a LOVE DIVIDED shows what happens when moral self-guards named take responsibility to tell others what to think and believe. Can I have the temerity to say that if Karl Marx saw this film he would love it and call it a masterpiece? Maybe I shouldn't since the drama of this story shows what happens when others think of you <br /> <br /> In response to the couple of reviewers who have argued that this movie is the worst kind of propaganda I wear I claim to know the exact details of what happened in Wexford County and it cannot be denied that Father Stafford and his flock of Catholic sheep are portrayed as bad, but Sheila is not above reproach. Think of a woman living in a rural village in 1950s Ireland who is committed to bringing her children as Catholics, then she changes her mind and believes that there will be no consequences of this? This is a warning against taking promises and not respecting them. Not only that, but it disappears to let other people collect the pieces of their destroyed lives. There is also something that no one else has understood and that is that the only character with any kind of moral sense is the former man of the IRA, Andy Bailey, who shows himself gallant not because he was a former member of the IRA (This we are not talking about THE DEVIL'S OWN here) but simply because he is an atheist who has decided to think for himself <br /> <br /> A LOVE DIVIDED is a superb film that has a lot to say for itself, everything of which I agree. If there is any kind of criticism it is that it looks too much like a TVM rather than a cinematographic film, but believe me I can live with it and it is essential to see who thinks religion is the opium of the masses
