I never fail to be amazed and horrified by the evil that has been prophesied in the history of the world in the name of religion, and it seems that the machinations of the Catholic Church in the twentieth century in Ireland are located just nearby - considering that the wisdom of history modern times should have had a moderating effect. <br /> <br /> A Love Divided is the story of a true family marked by ignorance intolerance and prejudice in the name of a Church-senseless doctrine. At the beginning of the film, we are offered a vision of bucolic life in a small Irish village where Sheila and Sean Cloney are happily married with two small children. Sean is Catholic and Sheila is a Protestant, but he has no qualms with children raised as Catholics. There is no sign of animosity between Catholics and Protestants in the village. Peaceful and loving relationships are soon broken when Sheila expresses a desire to have her eldest son attend the Protestant school. The local priest pledged to prohibit this "sin" and soon Sheila's husband and the entire Catholic population of the village turned against her as did her father, the local breeder. In an act of defiance and despair, Sheila abducts her two daughters and flees the area. <br /> <br /> A special note should be given to Orla Brady who plays Sheila. It gives an extremely powerful performance in which the spectator is attracted by the emotional trauma in which he decides to reject the desires of a husband who loves deeply to express his fervent desire to assert himself independent of the pressures of the establishment. On a level playing field is Liam Cunningham who plays Sean to give a realistic portrait of a man not as complex as his wife who is torn between his love for her and the influence of the Church and community. <br /> <br /> If the fiction, this film would have been a compelling and interesting drama. Considering that it is true, it turns into a terrible tragedy. In real life, people and the village never fully recovered from the events that took place there. It took almost half a century for the Church to recognize its negative role in events, and even though Sheila and Sean lived their lives in the area, they never fully recovered from what was done to them by religious leaders and their fellow villagers <br /> <br /> Whether it's denying basic rights to education of choice, crashing planes into buildings, subjugating women, condemning whole races or simply torture and murder, we humans we certainly have the possibility of using religion as a powerful negative force in our society.
