It would require the beauty and eloquence of Shakespeare to do justice to this exceptional cinematic undertaking. However, I try. <br /> <br /> As for the adaptations of Hamlet, this is already a better starting point than all the other versions as it includes the whole game. Again this is no guarantee for a first-rate film, or even for a quality film. Usually it's not much for films that are too long and the trend that seems to be widespread in Hollywood today, which is to say that movies should last at least two hours, preferably three, is one that hopefully won't last long. Few stories are strong enough to withstand so much exploration and could do some cutting. Making a four-hour film and keeping it interesting is no small feat, but Kenneth Branagh pulls it out with flying colors. He was able to make a long movie no more than any average movie. I was completely absorbed from beginning to end. <br /> <br /> The cast is excellent with Kenneth Branagh himself as the tormented prince who gives a strong and memorable performance. He manages to convey his feelings admirably through his voice and one does not have to be an expert on Shakespearean verses to capture the myriad of emotions that are leading within him. Kate Winslet was a positive surprise, I must say. I didn't know what to expect really. I always liked her enough as an actress, but I wasn't sure she could play to play Shakespeare. Well, surely he has eradicated all doubts with his performance. She is the best Ophelia I have seen and she has given so much depth to the character and she was simply wonderful. Other brilliant interpretations are Derek Jacobi in the role of Claudius, Richard Briers in the role of Polonio and Nicholas Farrell in the role of Horatio to name just a few. I liked the fact that Branagh used some of the most internationally famous stars to perform in some of the minor roles; I especially liked the sparring between Hamlet and the undertaker played by Billy Crystal. <br /> <br /> The setting of the theatrical work in the nineteenth century gives a welcome change to the usually darker gothic settings. Overall it is much lighter than other versions I've seen, more colorful and sumptuous, but this does not distract from the tragedy of the game. It is exceptional, elegant and aesthetically pleasing, a real pleasure for the eyes and also for the other senses. Patrick Doyle's music is magical as always and completely in tune with the film. You can only experience a deep sense of satisfaction after seeing this. I am shocked and upset that this exquisite work of art did not win an Academy Award for Best Film, especially as it was not even nominated. There is no way that there would have been a better film made that year, or any other year for that subject. This is the closest to perfection you can hope to achieve. <br /> <br /> To sum up, a splendid work of pure genius and I can't see how anyone could overcome this. My hat is for you, Mr. Branagh.
