William Shakespeare would be very proud of this particular version of his drama. Not only is it the best film version of it, but it is also the only complete version of Hamlet. Kenneth Branagh's Hamlet is simply brilliant. Not only because it was written by Shakespeare, but also because he had the courage to do everything, even if it lasted just over four hours. <br /> <br /> We all know the story of the Prince of Denmark and his plot to avenge his father's death, so I won't go into the details of the story. However, I will tell you that the best part of this version of Hamlet is not the breathtaking scenery or the splendid photography, but the interpretations of the actors of each character. I doubt you will find a delightful portrait of Polonius rather than of Richard Briers. Also, you can't go wrong with Julie Christie and Jack Lemmon. Furthermore, Derek Jacobi, a regular between Shakespeare's adaptations is as magnificent as the antagonist of Hamlet. Of course, we need to talk about Kenneth Branagh. He thrilled the audience when he entered the scene with his first release with Shakespeare, Henry V. Overcome himself with Hamlet. Of course, Olivier's presence was captivating, but I think Branagh's performance is wonderful. When you look at it on the screen, it's almost as if he knew exactly how Shakespeare wanted the role to be played. How he was not nominated for an Oscar is a total mystery. At least the film has received some nominations and also a strange choice for the script. I guess they know how to write well when they see it anyway. <br /> <br /> All in all, you will never find a richer and more abundant production of the best game of the Bard. To say that the technical aspects were fantastic would be an understatement. If you love this show and are a fan of Shakespeare, you should definitely watch this movie. Even if you don't really care about Shakespeare, the images will keep you busy for the duration of the movie. You may not think you will be able to sit down all at once, but you will soon discover that pausing this movie will make you want to see it even more.
