A lot of people don't believe that the Branagh's Hamlet movie is so good, but I have to admit I think it's great. Like virtually every production of Shakespeare, he has problems and has had to make difficult choices, not all of which work. The "secret door everywhere" thing, for example, simply doesn't work. This element never reaches the threatening sensation of metaphor or analogy to which it tries, the result of which is that the game is too showy and is losing the sense of the mark of a thousand impending mysteries. This is the biggest problem with this production. And even though it's a big deal, I'm also inclined to say it's the only problem. Almost everything else works absolutely beautifully. Okay, so Branagh is a mite too old for the title role. And the relationship with Ophelia seems a little forced. And sometimes it becomes too hysterical. But it is so. No other complaints. Even with these faults, I think this version is seminal, and if it is not a drama as powerful as it should be, it is still the literary work that should be equally. We get the full text of the longest version of the game, brought in an innovative and economical way on the screen, mostly enunciated in perfect, modern and highly understandable voices - even if sometimes they talk too fast to get a huge text. But in a Shakespeare staging, it is simply not possible to speak slowly enough for the audience to truly appreciate the full depth of the language. For this, it is necessary to deepen the print versions of the games. <br /> <br /> All the actors in this version are simply mesmerizing and absolutely classic (including Jack Lemmon). Julie Christie as Gertrude is certainly one of the best ever, and even the American actors are stunning, especially. Charlton Heston as the king of the player - who would have thought that ?! (A story tells that Heston once played Hamlet on stage, and when a critic in the front row couldn't stand his acting dry and said aloud: "This is terrible!", Reportedly, Heston said immediately from the stage: "Well, I didn't write this shit!" Of course it might not be true, but it's a funny story - and if so, a bold and ironic choice for Branagh to include Heston here.) Robin Williams in the role of " Young Ozric "is perhaps not young enough for the part, but makes it a comedy film, which is guaranteed. <br /> <br /> Overall it is a very well crafted version, with most of the key scenes in my opinion, extremely memorable. Of course, I watched this film just as I was interested in Shakespeare (and roughly at the same time as Luhrmann's formidable Romeo + Juliet), and it gave me a great impression, which must account for my passion for this. <br /> <br /> All in all, I have to pronounce Branlet's Hamlet as my favorite, with the 1980 BBC version of Derek Jacobi in second place. I probably prefer Branagh's Shakespeare to work more than most, finding him an expert interpreter and divulger, with an attractive and casual attitude towards words and a deep appreciation, appropriately and shamelessly enthusiastic about the text. In the world of Shakespeare's acting, the two most brilliant luminaries remain Olivier and Branagh, and while Olivier is the superior actor, Branagh brings Shakespeare down from the pedestal of snobbery and artifice, and transforms her into a worldly, gay, populist worldliness , while compromising nothing of his dignity. Branagh, I believe, brings out Shakespeare more true than the world has yet seen. <br /> <br /> And so, 10 out of 10 for an absolutely tremendous Hamlet.
