When I first read Hamlet, I couldn't help but think of the OUTRAGEOUS FORTUNE finale, where Bette Midler puts the game down because of how undecided it is, and says "Give me Romeo every day". Five acts of a man trying to decide whether or not to kill his uncle or not? It seemed excessive to me. But after further reading, I learned to really appreciate the game. I saw the versions of Olivier's and Gibson's films (and part of the Nicol Williamson version), and they all take their Olivier model; the melancholy Dane. Olivier did it at least without self-indulgence, but Gibson and, from what I saw, Williamson, looked like they had gone to "Look, But, I'm acting! I'm acting!" school. <br /> <br /> Now comes the version of Kenneth Branagh, which is breathtaking from beginning to end. Finì n. 2 in my top ten of 1996 (behind THE ENGLISH PAZIENT, and in front of LONE STAR, JERRY MAGUIRE, FARGO, SECRETS and LIES, ALL SAYS I LOVE YOU, FLIRTING WITH DISASTER, GREAT NIGHT, AND LOOKING FOR RICHARD), and it's the best Hamlet , and perhaps the best Shakespeare, put on the stage. Obviously, Branagh's talents as a director, to make the full version, in 70mm, and without losing our interest for four hours, are great, but what seems to have been overlooked in the discussions on this film is his performance in the title role. This was my favorite performance of the year by far. Branagh avoids the melodrama in which the actors seem to be trapped playing Hamlet as a normal and normal human being, and he makes us understand his actions and feelings at every stage of the journey. And unlike Olivier, who mostly depended on his voice, Branagh uses his whole body to demonstrate the range of emotions Hamlet goes through, but since he interprets it normally, none of this seems like a scenic chewing. <br /> <br /> The rest of the cast is also top notch. I didn't even care about Jack Lemmon, although I agree that he was the weakest member of the cast. The most surprising turning point came from Charlton Heston; I've always found it as rigid as a board, but it's quite authoritarian as a king of the player. The other big surprise was Billy Crystal; I thought I found it all as wrong as the 1st Gravedigger, but it was his usual being funny while he was in the character. All in all, a glorious film!
