It was the second of the two "Hamlets" filmed in the nineties, the first was Franco Zeffirelli, with Mel Gibson, from 1990. Zeffirelli's version, like that of Laurence Olivier in 1948, was based on a reduced version of the show, with many of Shakespeare's works. original text to be cut. (I've never seen the 1969 version of Tony Richardson, but since it lasted less than two hours, shorter than Zeffirelli's, I assume it was also shortened). Kenneth Branagh was attempting something much more ambitious - a film based on the full text of the play, with a running time of about four hours. <br /> <br /> With his "Henry V", Branagh supported Olivier's crown as Shakespearean cinema leader, confirming his claim with his ingenious "Much ado about nothing", a rare example of a great film based on a Shakespeare play. "Hamlet" was his third Shakespeare film as a director (he also played Iago in "Otello" by Oliver Parker in 1995) and, as one might expect, is very different from "Much noise". The previous film, shot in a villa in the hills of Tuscany and in the beautiful surrounding countryside, is a joyful summer film about everything that makes life worth living. <br /> <br /> "Hamlet", instead the depths of winter are set. (The flowers in the description of Ophelia's death suggest that Shakespeare himself thought of the action in progress in the summer). The appearance of the film is particularly striking, both sumptuous and cold. It was shot at Blenheim Palace, perhaps Britain's grandest but also rather forbidden residence. The snowy outdoor scenes are cold and wintery; the interiors are formal and elaborate. The action is updated to the mid-nineteenth century; the female characters wear the elaborate fashions of that era, while the main men wear mostly splendid military uniforms. (There is a contrast here with Zeffirelli's film, where both the interiors and the costumes were deliberately undertone in tone). The game is dominated by images of corruption and decay; Branagh's intention may have been to thwart a beautiful surface with the underlying "something rotten in the state of Denmark". <br /> <br /> The film is famous for the large number of famous actors, some of them in minor roles. (Winks and you might miss John Gieldgud or Judi Dench). Apparently, a cast of famous actors was requested by the production company, who was nervous about a four-hour movie. Some of the imported Hollywood stars, such as Robin Williams's Osric, didn't really give up, but others, like Charlton Heston's King Player or Billy Crystal's First Gravedigger, played their parts very well. Yorick, normally seen only as a skull, is seen here in flashback, played by British comedian Ken Dodd. Brian Blessed, who often plays jovial characters, is thrown against the type of Ghost, and makes the scenes in which he looks really scary. <br /> <br /> Of the main characters, perhaps the weakest was Ophelia by Kate Winslet. Branagh's main actress in his first two Shakespeare films was his then wife Emma Thompson, but their marriage ended in divorce in 1995. However, I found myself wishing that Thompson had been chosen for the role; although Winslet entered his part in the crazy scenes of Ophelia, he seemed weak in the background where his character is still sane. (I preferred Helena Bonham Carter in Zeffirelli's version). Richard Briers plays Polonio with a dignity greater than that which is often given to him, a wise and expert adviser rather than an old fool. Julie Christie also gives dignity to the role of Gertrude; there is no attempt here, as there was with Gibson and Glenn Close in Zeffirelli's version, to suggest an incestuous attachment between her and Hamlet. (An interpretation that owes more to Freud than to Shakespeare). The age difference between Christie and Branagh is big enough to be credible as a mother and son, which is certainly not the case with Close and Gibson. (Gertrude of Olivier, Eileen Herlie, was, oddly, thirteen years younger than him). Branagh stated that his intention to restore those scenes that are often cut into film versions was to "reinforce the idea that the game is about a national and domestic tragedy". Much stress is placed on the war with Norway and the Norwegian Prince Fortinbras - a subplot ignored entirely by Zeffirelli. This emphasis on national tragedy is perhaps best shown in the character of Claudio, sometimes played as a one-dimensional evil. There is something in Derek Jacobi's performance that suggests that Claudio could have been a good man in different circumstances, but that he was deceived by ambition and lust. He could be a good and faithful servant to his brother, but he chose to rule like a bad king. Although he is tormented by guilt, he sees no way to make amends for the harm he has done. <br /> <br /> Branagh, a wonderfully fluent speaker of Shakespeare's verse, is superb in the lead role. Like Gibson, he has little time for the old concept of Hamlet as indecisive, passive and melancholy. His is an active, physical, energetic Hamlet, something better shown in his fatal duel with Laertes. Its guiding principle is not the tired despair of the world, but an active disgust for evil and corruption. <br /> <br /> It was a gamble for Branagh to make a four-hour epic, and the film didn't work well at the box office. However, he was praised by many critics, James Berardinelli was particularly enthusiastic. My opinion is that, regardless of the financial returns, Branagh's gambling has paid off in artistic terms. Focusing on the complete text, he was able to bring out the full meaning and full emotional power of Shakespeare's most complex work. When I reviewed his "Much Ado ??", I said it was the biggest film in a Shakespeare play. His "Hamlet" could be the greatest film ever of a Shakespeare tragedy. 10/10
