The image of film studios that are guided from the financial point of view instead of from the creative point of view is not without truth (indeed, it is truer than false). This raises the question of why Castle Rock Entertainment allowed Kenneth Branagh to create an integral and complete version of "Hamlet" with his complete creative control among other things. Of course, Branagh had to accept some concessions (a star-studded cast and a 2.5-hour version for a larger version), but because the movie studio would have allowed Branagh to spend money on a 4-hour version that they knew few would seen? Could they, at least in this case, have enough respect for Branagh's material and vision to create something only for a few people? It is not a question I can answer. Whatever the reason, this is a glorious vision for those who are willing to spend four hours watching "Hamlet". Everyone knows the story, so I won't spend much time on this. However, unlike other game productions, including the stage, this is a completely integral production, which has never been done before. According to some, Shakespeare never intended that the comedy be produced without cuts, leaving the decision on what to include in the director's discretion. Having said that, I have no doubt that if he had been able to see it, the Bard would have been delighted with Branagh's production. <br /> <br /> The film is very heavy with movie stars, although most of them have some bite parts. Everyone plays their parts equally well. I would have thought that Branagh was too old to play Hamlet, and while he might still be, his performance more than made up for it. Hamlet is a complex part, which shows every emotion from pain to anger, from happiness to madness and all the rest. Branagh nailed it. Derek Jacobi is terrifying as the shrewd Claudio, whose deception and betrayal set all these things in motion; his unique voice is perfect for the role. Julie Christie is also very good as Gertrude, the caring mother of Hamlet who doesn't realize what's going on until late. <br /> <br /> The classical actors are expressed in tiny parts (Judi Dench is 60 seconds on and has no lines), but at least they are inside. Surprisingly, nobody takes it to heart; all give their all, and show. A special mention must go to Jack Lemmon and Billy Crystal, who are excellent. Robin Williams is a bit too silly, but it's not bad (his part is still small). <br /> <br /> However, this is indisputably the Branagh show. He adapted one of the most famous theatrical works in history, and in so doing took a whale from a project; it is impressive that he did it, but the fact that the film is so good is a monumental result. What I really liked about this movie is that you don't have to be a Shakespeare scholar to enjoy it. As many know, Shakespeare is hard to digest, but Branagh and his cast understand it. "Hamlet" is still immensely pleasant to sit and listen to the actors offering brilliant dialogues and excellent acting. <br /> <br /> This is a must see for everyone. It can be four hours long, but it's definitely worth it.
