First, what I didn't like. The acting was not up to the standard of Hamlet. Branagh was really exaggerated, mostly screaming. In my opinion, those actors who weren't famous big names generally did a better job; although I could exclude Billy Crystal and Robin Williams. (And Charlton Heston too, but I wasn't sure he was playing the scribbler.) Many of the ambiguities in the game were clearly solved in a flashback way. <br /> <br /> What I think speaks a lot in favor of this game is that it is accessible. Shakespeare is hard to understand for the vast majority of people nowadays; many people are not even inclined to try it, because of its reputation as Serious Literature and its archaic English. If they see this film they will clearly understand at least the interpretation of a man of comedy. They will see it more as Shakespeare's audience saw it: a game of sword battles and battles and powerful kings and nobles, murders and incest and evil schemes and ghosts - and great art, if you are looking for it, but in The Day Shakespeare's was not the most, any more than most people do now. Branagh's exaggeration and his forcing of his interpretation of history on the spectator can somehow diminish Shakespeare's art, but it is better for the modern public to get a piece rather than nothing. <br /> <br /> I have to say one more thing. Some people complain that "it is set in the nineteenth century and that it was not Shakespeare's time". Well, in Shakespeare's time their costume and their scenery were their day for all their comedies. Shakespeare may have said that it is in the days of ancient Rome or medieval or other Denmark, but he did not dress his characters as they were, he used the costumes of his time. For the same reason his works are full of anachronisms. For example, in King John, English and French have cannons - at the time of Robin Hood. In Julius Caesar they speak of chimneys, which would not have been invented for another thousand years, and in Henry IV they speak of Machiavelli, who had not yet been born. So I think this objection is silly - one could even complain that the game is not in Danish (after all, they live in Denmark, right?).
