Despite being of school age, and having to learn Shakespeare almost consistently for the past four years (which is very discouraging to any writer, no matter how beautiful), I didn't really expect to enjoy this movie when my English teacher put up; I thought it would be the classic English film: bad acting, terribly shot, badly written and feared terrible old dialogue, so, as you can see, I was almost ready to go into a coma from the beginning. However, I looked and, to my great shock, found myself not only paying attention but also enjoying the film. This production of Hamlet is probably one of the best dramatic films I've seen in a long time and gives life to what I expect Shakespeare wanted his works to be (well, with the difference that this is cinema) much better than my teacher of English that sought the text could never. The story is good, the dialogue seems to flow with an unexpected grace that is anything but boring (although a little difficult to manage if you're not used to the language of Shakespeare) and even the smallest parts are performed with a skill that you would not expect; mainly, perhaps, due to the impressive number of cameos that this film has. Brian Blessed and Charlton Heston are fantastic as you would expect from these two veterans, even in such small parts, but they are Robin Williams in the role of Osric and Billy Crystal as the Gravedigors that really stand out, giving these minor parts an unexpected enthusiasm, as well as offering some comic relief amid the tragedy. <br /> <br /> The main stars, of course, are also wonderful. Kenneth Branagh excels as Hamlet, bringing not only the confusion and pain necessary for the launch, but also a sort of sardonic air that plays magnificently in comic scenes, making the film as a whole much more watchable. The other top players are also good, but it is Kenneth Branagh who ranks first in the lead role. <br /> <br /> Even the sets are quite surprising, refreshing the old and boring corridors of the castle that we are used to seeing in Shakespeare's productions, as well as a true sense of the country that surrounds them. <br /> <br /> Of course, the film, taken as a movie in its own right, is not without flaws, but not large ones (rhythm is the only real problem I can think of gradually, as well as the prose for those who are not used, as I said, the Shakespearean language) and, especially when compared to the type of Shakespeare productions that I am used to seeing in class, they are really brilliant. He even made me reconsider my previous position as a typical Shakespeare teenager, that his works are boring (I came to the conclusion that they are not boring representations, but only the teachers who play them in class). If only they did all his works in films like this, English students in schools around the world could have a higher opinion of the Bard. <br /> <br /> General 7/10
