What an ambitious project Kenneth Branagh has undertaken here and how it was achieved! This is the first filmed version of "Hamlet" to use the full text of Shakespeare's comedy, but Branagh didn't just do it because "he was there". His intention, I believe, was to make the game accessible and understandable to the general viewer without losing it, so to speak. In return, he asks viewers to set aside some work, a fairly fair proposal and one that is a bargain. <br /> <br /> The setting is a generic European of the 19th century and this does more than a good job, it maintains a modern or antique look from possibly distracting from the work itself. Production design and cinematography are exceptional, which helps enormously when watching a four-hour movie. The casting of Branagh, once again, is inspired and even acting is the same way. The management fulfills the heavy task of making this a movie rather than a deluxe version of a play. Since much of "Hamlet" is based on the inner monologue and there are relatively few duels, battles, etc., this can be a daunting task. But all that Branagh tries to do seems to work. <br /> <br /> Branagh has always been one of the most interesting actors / scriptwriters / directors, if not always the best, since he made his great success with "Henry V." A quibble I had with him "That was what I saw as a tendency to pick it up sometimes. In his portrayal of Hamlet here he could be accused again, but there is a method to work. Let's face it, 'Hamlet' isn't an easy job to understand the ordinary person and if you've never seen him before, he needs help even though he has read the game Hamlet has the most Shakespearean characters and Branagh makes sure his viewers know what this man thinks and feels about everything the film, even if you don't know the literal meaning of each arcane word This Branagh performance was at least worthy of an Oscar nomination. <br /> <br /> There are so many other outstanding performances here that are almost too numerous to mention, but some of them they must be recognized. Derek Jacobi, like Claudio, is superb, but he also takes second place to Kate Winslet when it comes to distributing praises. His portrait of Ophelia is impressive in his deep feeling, only made more exceptional by the knowledge that he was only about 20 years old at that time! She looks like the most beautiful young actress out there. Other super performers in random order are Richard Briers, Nicholas Farrell, Michael Maloney, Reece Dinsdale and Timothy Spall respectively Guildenstern and Rosencrantz. Honorable mention goes to Julie Christie, Charlton Heston and Robin Williams, who manages to do her thing here successfully. Even Billy Crystal as an undertaker works. The cast member who is not, inexplicably, Jack Lemmon. In the opening scene, it appears, and while the other three actors do a great job of fixing the tense mood, Lemmon sounds like he's just performing the jokes during rehearsals as a favor. You know this must have been a real dilemma for Branagh, since the rest of the film screams that it's a perfectionist's job. <br /> <br /> Don't be facetious when talking about a four-hour movie, but it just seems a little too long. Some monologues and conversations tend to go a little, if I can be so bold, and some judicious pruning would be welcome. <br /> <br /> Have I forgotten anything besides the Patrick Doyle score? I certainly did. I summarize only by saying that Kenneth Branagh may have made the definitive film version of "Hamlet", and it will be a truly monumental production that surpasses this.
