Moonchild is a very difficult film to catalog. It is easier to think of it as many snapshots of the lives of the two central characters. The fact that these characters are members of a street gang set in a multicultural city in the near future and that one of them is a vampire does not prevent them from having moments like any other person, and this is one of the places where this film is unlike anything else I've ever heard of. Don't let the fact take hold of the fact that one of the main characters is a vampire, it's just something that needs to be addressed like any other problem. The way the characters interact is surprisingly realistic - there are embarrassing relatives and tricks that are meant to look fantastic that they simply don't work, which leaves the film with the good feeling of not taking itself too seriously. <Br /> <br /> The other area that really struck me was the languages. The fictitious city of Mallepa contains various cultural groups, and the characters speak the language they should be required to speak. Japanese gang members speak Japanese to each other, but they are Chinese when they talk to characters of Chinese origin. Perhaps the most amusing exchange concerns an Australian and is conducted in English. The actors of the four main characters have three separate mother tongues and speak different levels of the languages ​​of the others, so it is quite a feat that the film was made. Which, I suppose, brings me to the main actors. <br /> <br /> Much has been made of the fact that the film features two of the biggest Japanese rock stars, Gackt and Hyde, as well as Taiwanese superstar Lee-hom Wang, whether to praise them for acting or to criticize them or simply fangirl on them. In my opinion, Lee-hom is the best at playing a straight and realistic character. However, Gackt's lack of acting ability is mostly masked by the fact that the character he plays is inclined to be too dramatic. I wasn't sure that the character of Hyde should have been sullen and sarcastic as he came across, but in reality it doesn't take anything away from the film. <br /> <br /> There are several scenes that take quite melodramatic turns, which made it difficult for them to influence me emotionally (although this doesn't seem to stop many people). I have discovered that it is better to enjoy the film only for what it is and not take it too seriously. It's perfect for going out and watching with a group of friends. It has its flaws, but overall it was very pleasant and I highly recommend it to anyone who doesn't care about some subtitles.
