Based on Gackt's idea, Moon Child took place in a poor poverty country called Mallepa. In a futuristic timeline, history has followed the lives of the two main characters, Kei (HYDE) and Sho (Gackt) and their friends grow together. <br /> <br /> Although some actions may be overly accomplished or perhaps humorous, I strongly believed that this was a friendship film. Even among all the difficulties between each character, in the end, each of them wanted to have someone on their side, to have friends. <br /> <br /> Unlike most vampire characters, Kei played a vampire who hated the idea of ​​having to kill to live. A vampire has found friendship in the hand of a boy, Sho who is not afraid of Kei. Regardless of what some may have thought, I see Kei as a father figure for Sho. Kei was there during Sho's first life, took care of him and taught him to live in a world where the power between the bands controls their lives. On the other hand, Sho who may perhaps be seen as an innocent young enthusiastic style, grew up to become a man who realized that life is not just fun and games, that death exists and can take away his loved ones. <br /> <br /> I like the part where Lee Hom, the actor who played Son, first appeared on the screen. The way they met was really strong. Son also has an important role in this film, the fact that he is of a different race, a Taiwanese, has had a noticeable impact on the theme of friendship within the film. The way friendships have been developed, despite the basic differences, has been interpreted excellently in this film. I believed that every actor did a great job considering that this was the first time they appeared in such a big movie. Both HYDE and Gackt managed to do quite well and created quite credible characters. Unlike films with musicians who have transformed actors and filled the film with songs, they did a great job of acting! Moon Child has really made an impact for me, has given friendships new meaning and consideration, that we must appreciate every friendship in our lives. The film shows much hope, despite all the bad things that happen in their lives, that there is always hope. Life can be cruel, it seems that hope no longer exists. It also shows a very strong sense of friendship between them, even when Son became the enemy, Sho had a kind of "fun" in their last fight. Each of them wanted peace in the end, no matter how far they had become. The final scene showed it to us.
