The third collaboration for Karloff and Lugosi sees a departure from Poe and in the realm of the science fiction series. Karloff plays Dr. Janos Rukh, creator of a device capable of capturing light rays through his telescope in the Carpathians and translating them into images that form a visual story of the universe. <br /> <br /> Before many guests, including Lugosi as the dr. Benet, an astrologer chemist who had previously mocked Rukh's theories, demonstrates the existence of an unknown radioactive element, here called "Radium X", contained in a meteor falling on Earth in the darkest Africa several thousand years ago. Karloff joins the expedition to prove his theories, but Radium X is a complicated compound: it levels out long-range mountains and treats blindness a short distance away. Rukh is careless, however, and poisons herself, glowing in the dark rather like those old Ready Breck commercials! Dr. Benet is available to invent a radiation counter-active, but the combination of poison and cure drives Rukh insanely paranoid. Convinced that he was deceived, he looks for the expedition members in Paris, including his extraneous wife, and his true touch while in his radioactive state means death ... <br /> <br /> Along the way we get the old pseudo idea -scientific according to which the eyes of a dead person record the image of their murderer (a remarkably distinct Karloff!) and the Radium X device used to symbolically merge statues representing members of the expedition. And also a touch of James Whale in a cockney mistress in Paris! <br /> <br /> The Invisible Ray is a lot of fun, apart from the Gothic opening it is interesting to see Universal move the action around Africa and Paris. The film lacks rhythm, but is always absorbent. Karloff slightly enhances his performance, but Lugosi is exceptional. Universal again used the basic outline of Man Made Monster, this time with Lon Chaney Jr. as the incandescent threat (this time caused by electricity) and Lionel Atwill as a doctor much crazier than Lugosi. The Invisible Ray is a dark and intelligent film with a lot to admire. It's not as famous as other universal horrors, maybe, but it works and it's a lot of fun.
