The gods of horror Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi should be more than enough reason for any lover of the genre to watch a movie, and, even if the most convincing are not the only reason to watch this particular little Sci-Fi / Horror. While "The Invisible Ray" by Lambert Hillyer of 1936 almost does not share the genius of other contemporary films with Karloff ("Frankenstein", "Bride Of Frankenstein", "The Mummy", ...) or Lugosi ("White Zombie", "Island Of The Lost Souls", "Dracula", ...), or both ("The Black Cat", "The Raven", ...), this is undoubtedly a very funny film that no film lover from cult should consider Compared with other images of Universal Horror, the plot seems a bit silly, but in a delightful way. Karloff and Lugosi, of course, shine as always, and the film also benefits from great scenarios and excellent photography. Janos Rukh, a brilliant scientist who invented a technique to look at the past through a telescope and discovers that a meteor hit the earth thousands of years ago. Stunned by Rukh's invention, the famous French scientist Dr. Felix Benet (Bela Lugosi) invites him to join an expedition to find the meteor. Rukh makes a discovery that is capable of causing great benefit and great destruction in the same way ... It is a bit strange that Karloff, who was actually British, plays a Hungarian scientist while Lugosi, who was Hungarian, plays a French scientist, but they are both excellent as usual. As far as I'm concerned, these two gods of horror could probably have been filmed by reading the phone book, and I'm sure they would have done something outside of it - or the man is an icon of the Horror genre, and seeing them together is a treat for every fan of the genre. By the way, this is one of the few films, if not the only one, in which it is obvious that Lugosi was actually taller than Karloff. Frances Drake is an excellent female protagonist in the role of the beautiful and young wife of Dr. Rukh. The rest of the performances are also good, if not particularly noteworthy. In addition to the casting of Karloff and Lugosi, the greatest qualities of the film are probably the atmosphere due to fantastic settings and photography, as well as the wonderfully fat and very funny plot. My main complaint is that I wanted more time on the screen for Lugosi and that his role had a little more meaning. He is fantastic as always, but his role could have been bigger and more sinister. Otherwise, "The Invisible Ray" is a wonderfully entertaining film that should please any lover of classic Horror / Sci-Fi cinema, and a must for all my Lugosi / Karloff friends.
