The horror films of the thirties that are best remembered are always similar to Dracula and Frankenstein; and there is a good reason for this, but there were a number of smaller but still excellent productions, and The Invisible Ray is certainly one of them. The plot is not particularly original and similar plots have been seen many times in the past (even as far back as 1936) but the way everything is put together is certainly very imaginative and the director Lambert Hillyer has created a small and original original horror film. The plot focuses on the good heart of Dr. Janos Rukh; a man who discovered a way to recreate the history of the Earth. His discovery leads him to believe that there may be an unknown radioactive element somewhere in Africa and so he travels with a team of esteemed colleagues to find him. However, the tragedy strikes during the expedition and the good doctor ends up being exposed to the element; which makes it glowing in the dark, and also sends him mad ... <br /> <br /> The biggest draw of the film is undoubtedly the fact that he is the protagonist of the two greatest stars of the horror of his time - Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi, and both give excellent performances. Karloff really shows what a good actor he is and his character has a lot of meat with which Karloff can impress. Bela Lugosi has an extremely different role from the one in which we are used to seeing it, and it is also a great interpretation on his part; it's nice to see some versatility from Lugosi. The film starts rather slowly; but things are soon starting to rise. The second part of the film is the best and this is really when the film gets exciting and Karloff has the chance to shine (literally). The film does not focus on great special effects and largely relies on the actions of the central character to keep things interesting; and it works very well. The film remains interesting in everything and is reduced to a very decent climax that wraps everything well. Overall, The Invisible Ray may not be one of the best horror films of the thirties; but it is very good and is recommended.
