The story of Ned Kelly has been shrouded in myth and exaggerated for the time out of reach, and this film is no exception. What ensures that Ned Kelly has a permanent place in history is the effort he went to, including the odds against the policemen who kicked him out. During several battles, he marched out wearing wrought iron plates, out of which the bullets available to the police at that time would have bounced harmlessly. Indeed, it is only because there were some bright sparks among the Victorian police who noticed that he had not plated his legs that he was caught and hanged. The story has been told in the schools and stories of Australia for so long that some permutations of history have, ironically, become boring. The more stories try to portray Kelly as an inhuman or superhuman monster, the less people pay attention. <br /> <br /> This is where this adaptation of Our Sunshine, a novel about the Kelly legend, excels. Rather than trying to interpret a Ned Kelly who is as callous as the armor he wore, the film quickly establishes him as a human being. In fact, the reversal of the popular legend, which shows the corruption of the Victorian police and the unbearable situation of the settlers, does much to bring out this film in the crowd. Here, Ned Kelly is simply a human being who lives in a time and place where, to be convicted of murder, one simply had to be the person closest to the corpse when a policeman found him. No, I'm not making it up. About the only area where the film is wrong is exaggerating the Irish mentality against the English of battles. While Kelly's band was distinctly Irish, Australia has long been a place where people of wild ethnicity have mixed together seamlessly (a scene with some Chinese migrants points out). <br /> <br /> Heath Ledger does a fantastic job of impersonating Australia's most famous outlaw. It is only thanks to the fame that he has found in other films that the public is aware of being watching Ledger and not Kelly himself. Orlando Bloom has finally found a role in which he does not seem completely lost without his bow, and the appearance of Geoffrey Rush as head of the police contingent in Glenrowan shows that he is one of the most revered actors in that small desolate island state. But it is Naomi Watts, who looks like Julia Cook, who gets a bit of bad business in this film. Although the film basically implies that Cook was essentially the woman in Ned Kelly's life, but you wouldn't know it from the minimum screen time he gets here. Indeed, many of the ten and ten minutes of the film feel more freeze-dried than exploratory. Once the element of police corruption has been established, in fact, the film moves so fast that sometimes it seems almost rushed. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, most of the film's strengths are not capitalized. Rush barely gets more time on the screen than its name in the opening and closing titles. Ditto for Watts, and the rest of the cast is a bit like dummies. I can only conclude that another fifteen, or even thirty minutes of shooting may have solved it. But this leads to another problem, as the lack of any depth or background for characters other than the titled hero leaves the events of the story with zero impact. A scene manages to do the talk well, but unfortunately everything becomes a collage of moments without connections after a while. If one were to believe that the impression this film creates, a matter of weeks, even days, steps between the time when Ned Kelly becomes a wanted man to say a corrupt policeman and the infamous Glenrowan shooters. Annoyingly, the process and execution of Ned Kelly are not even depicted here, simply mentioned in the subtitles before the launch of the credits. <br /> <br /> That said, apart from some wobbly photographic work, sometimes, Ned Kelly manages to paint some exciting shootings, and has a good start. For this reason, I rated it seven out of ten. Other critics have not been so kind, so if you are not hit by shootings with unusual elements (and what could be more unusual than full armor in a colonial shooting?), Then you might be better off looking elsewhere. Especially if you want a more factual account of Ned Kelly's life.
