Okay, note to the people who put together these DVD collections about the legends of acting horror: I'm really grateful and I greatly support the initiative, but ?? Have you ever seen the movies before selecting them as part of the collection? When I purchased the Boris Karloff collection there were several films in which the star played only a supporting and non-essential role ("Tower of London", "The Strange Door"). "The Invisible Ray", however, is part of the Bela Lugosi collection and here is actually Boris Karloff to obscure Bela! This actually would have been a great title for the Boris Karloff collection instead! The character of Bela Lugosi is probably the most kind and serious he has ever played in his entire career and good old Karloff actually plays the mad and dangerously obsessed scientist. "The Invisible Ray" presents three main chapters. The first, set in the Carpathian castle of Dr. Janos Rukh, is rather boring and requires a lot of patience on the part of the viewer, but obviously the character drawings and the topics covered here are fundamental for the rest of the film. Dr. Rukh (Karloff) demonstrates to a couple of eminent colleagues (including Bela Lugosi as Dr. Benet) how he managed to capture extraterrestrial rays within a self-produced device. Scientists are genuinely impressed by his work and invite Rukh and his lovely wife Diane to make an expedition to the heart of Africa. There Dr. Rukh is isolated from the group, he discovers the essential element "Radium X" to complete the medical radius and becomes completely mad after being overexposed to the meteorite itself. The third and final act is obviously the best and the most horrible, since it runs on a beautiful homicidal spree with ingenious geniuses (statues that melt) and a surprising climax. Karloff lights up in the dark and, convinced that others are ready to steal his discovery and even his life, intends to eliminate them using his mortal touch. The narrative structure of "The Invisible Ray" seems rather complicated, but the film is easy to follow and fun. The story is rather unbelievable but nevertheless compelling and the director Lambert Hillyer offers several moments of pure suspense. Boris Karloff is really fantastic and so is Lugosi, although he deserved to have a little more time on the screen. Their scenes together are the highlights of the film, along with the funky images of the glowing Boris.
