Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi have made many films together, but overall (quite interestingly) Karloff is usually the better man of the two. The real exception is "The Black Cat" (1934) in which Karloff plays the evil leader of a devil cult, and Lugosi is seeking revenge for destroying his life. But the most common is "Black Friday", where (whatever his motivation) Karloff is trying to improve brain surgery while Lugosi is a murder murderer. In "The Raven" Lugosi is a sadistic surgeon, who blackmails Karloff to help his evil plans until Karloff has had enough. Both are rarely totally negative characters. In "The Body Snatcher", Karloff kills Lugosi, but Lugosi is trying to blackmail him. <br /> <br /> The only exception in which both are extremely sympathetic but cross-referenced to each other is this 1936 film, which I rarely received from the audience of some of the other films that I mentioned. In it Dr. Janos Rukh of Karloff is a scientific genius led by the "official scientific community" for his theory that a rare form of radio is in Nigeria on a meteorite landed centuries ago. He finally got the support of a well-funded expedition led by Sir Francis Stevens and his wife Lady Arabella Stevens (Walter Kingsford and Beulah Bondi), and has another scientist, a Frenchman named Dr. Felix Benet (Lugosi), his young wife by Rukh Diane (Frances Drake) and a friend and protege of the Stevenses named Ronald Drake (Frank Lawton). <br /> <br /> Before they leave, Rukh is warned by his mother (Violet Kemble Cooper) who may be looking for wisdom that should not and could end in tragedy. He tries to liquidate it, but he is worried by what he says, by his scientific position and by the fact that he has obtained the due credit or not. <br /> <br /> What you get is a disaster. Find the substance, but it is infected by its remarkable radioactivity. He realizes that he is slowly burning and, if he tries to touch people or animals, he dies. He actually built a friendship or an understanding with Benet, who discovered a type of radioactive fighting cocktail for Rukh to use to counteract the danger. But there are two things that are unbeatable here. The antidote can only last for a certain period of time and must be replenished. And radioactivity hit Rukh's brain. He is increasingly jealous of Diane's friendship with Ronald (encouraged, unfortunately, by Sir Francis and Lady Arabella), and is equally shocked that (because of his pretending to be dead - the effects of radioactivity are like that) Benet and several others are collecting the compliments of the wonders that "Radium X" is giving to man. Soon Rukh is in a murderous fury that destroys many lives, ending with his own. <br /> <br /> The film has certainly been inspired by science. Madame Curie had recently died of cancer that had to work with Radium. Few perfectly understood the dangers of radioactivity in 1936, but some idea of ​​this was coming up. The wave of Rukh's murders causes the newspapers to speak of a "curse" on the expedition. Of course, with the idea of ​​a "cursed" expedition (on the African continent) for a hidden treasure buried centuries ago, financed by an appointed Englishman, we entered archeology and not physics or geology (paying Howard Carter and Lord Carnaevon) . <br /> <br /> On the other hand, Benet tries to solve the cause of the death series and returns to an idea that was actually demolished in 1888 in England. During the Whitechapel murders, Sir Charles Warren ordered the retinas of many of the victims to be photographed to see if the last image on the retinas was Jack the Ripper. It turned out that he only had photographs of the retinas of dead prostitutes. But the idea is not dead. Jules Verne used it in his novel "The Brothers Kip" in 1899, and here Dr. Benet uses it. Since this is a science fiction story, he finds the image of Rukh on the plate, but Benet accidentally drops the plate and shatters. <br /> <br /> The film is good for many reasons, the most interesting for a change Karloff and Lugosi are not indifferent to each other. There is a kind of tragic fatalism in this story that is missing from their other films. The other performances are also good, in particular Mrs Kemble Cooper. She is remembered as Basil Rathbone's frightening sister (Jane Murdstone) in "David Copperfield". Here his final act is the only way to complete this tragedy, and who can say that he didn't hurt her more than his goal.
