There is no doubt that during the decade of the 1930s, the names of Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi became a certain guarantee of excellent performance in high quality horror films. After being the "first monster" of Universal in the classic seminal, "Dracula", Bela Lugosi became the horror classic par excellence thanks to its elegant style and its foreign accent (unfortunately, this last factor would also have led it to be castigated during the 1940s). Similarly, Boris Karloff's performance in James Whale's "Frankenstein" turned him into the man to look for when he wanted a good monster. Of course, it was natural that these icons ended up sharing the screen, and the film that united them was "The Black Cat" of 1934. This formula will be repeated in several films over the decade, and the mix of horror and science fiction by director Lambert Hillyer, "The Invisible Ray", is another one of those little classics they did in those years. <br /> <br /> "The Invisible Ray", Dr. Janos Rukh (Boris Karloff) is a brilliant scientist who invented a device capable of showing scenes from our planet's past captured by light rays from the galaxy of Andromeda. While showing his invention to his colleagues, Dr. Felix Benet (Bela Lugosi) and Sir Francis Stevens (Walter Kingsford), discover that thousands of years ago, a meteor struck in what is now Nigeria. After this wonderful discovery, Dr. Rukh decides to join his colleagues on an expedition to Africa, seeking the landing of the mysterious meteor. This expedition will have no benefit for Rukh, as during the expedition his wife Diane (Frances Drake) will fall in love with Ronald Drake (Frank Lawton), an experienced hunter brought by Stevens to help them on their shipment. However, Rukh will lose more than his wife on that journey, since he will be changed forever after being exposed to the invisible ray of meteor. <br /> <br /> Written by John Colton (who previously made the script for "Werewolf of London"), "The Invisible Ray" has its roots in an original science fiction story by Howard Higgin and Douglas Hodges. Since this was a film with Karloff and Lugosi, Colton attaches great importance to the horror side of his story, playing very effectively with the mad scientist's archetype and adding a good dose of melodrama to make things more interesting. One element that makes "The Invisible Ray" among other horror films of that era, is the way Colton plays with morality through history. I mean, there aren't exactly heroes and villains in the classical style, but people who make decisions and then face the consequences of those choices. In many ways, "The Invisible Ray" is a modern tragedy about obsessions, feelings of guilt and revenge. <br /> <br /> An experienced director of low budget B films, director Lambert Hillyer had the chance to make 3 films for Universal Pictures when the legendary studio was facing serious financial problems. Thanks to his experience of working with limited resources, Hillyer's films have always been very beautiful despite budget constraints, and "The Invisible Ray" was no exception. Nowhere near the elegant gothic atmosphere of previous Universal horror films, Hillyer's film effectively recalls the essence of Colton's script, as it gives this film a dark and morbid mood more in tune with pulp novels than with pure science fiction. Finally, we must say a word about the use of special effects by Hillyer: for a very low budget film, they seem much better than those in several films of the time. <br /> <br /> As usual in a film with Lugosi and Karloff, the performances of these legends are of an extraordinary quality. As the protagonist of the film, Boris Karloff is simply perfect in his portrayal of a man so blinded by his devotion to his work that he can't see the evil he unleashes. Like his colleague, dr. Benet, Bela Luogis is simply a joy to watch, steal every scene in which it is found and show which actor was underestimated. As Rukh's wife, Frances Drake is extremely effective, really helping her character become more than a damsel in distress. However, two of the highlights of the film are the performances of Kemble Cooper as Mother Rukh and Beulah Bondi as Lady Arabella, as the two actresses make the most of their limited screen time, making their secondary roles unforgettable. Frank Lawton is also good at his role, but nothing surprising compared to the rest of the cast. <br /> <br /> If you judge this film by today's standards, it is very easy to dismiss it as another inexpensive science fiction movie with bad special effects and careless pseudoscience. However, it would be a mistake, because despite its small budget, it is extraordinarily well done for its time. On top of all this, considering that the film was made when the nuclear age was about to begin and radioactivity was still a relatively new concept, his ideas about the dangers of radioactivity are frighteningly accurate. One last thing worth mentioning is the interesting way in which the script manages the relationships between the characters, in particular the friendship and rivalry that exists between the obsessive Dr. Rukh and the cold Dr. Benet, as this allows great scenes between the two iconic actors. <br /> <br /> Although close to the Gothic expressionism of the "Frankenstein" films, nor to the elegant suspense of "The Black Cat", "The Invisible Ray" by Lambert Hillyer is certainly a minor classic of the Universal catalog Pictures of horror movies. With one of the most interesting horror scripts of the 1930s, this mixture of suspense, horror and science fiction is a very underrated gem that still offers a good deal of entertainment courtesy of two of the most amazing horror actors: Boris Karloff and Bela Lugosi. 8/10
