I'm sure not many people outside Australia have ever heard of the Ned Kelly legend. I once saw a documentary about man, but it's the only time I once saw or heard about him. And I imagine this could be the biggest problem this film will have to face. Nobody knows anything and probably not many people will worry about the subject. <br /> <br /> The film tells the story of Ned Kelly's life. The Irish immigrant lived in the north-west of Victoria for life, but was never welcomed by the authorities. The police always accuses him of everything they can think of and continue to harass his family. When Kelly is fed up with the way everything goes, he forms a gang with his brother and two other men. They start robbing banks and even hijack an entire city for 3 days. All this violence leads to a manhunt organized by the police and when they kill three policemen, they are outlawed. Finally they take over a pub in Glenrowan, where they party with all the visitors, waiting for a train full of police to derail on a part of the track they ripped. But the train is able to stop in time for someone to warn them and what will follow is a battle over life and death between the police and the four armed men ... <br /> <br /> It is very difficult to tell if everyone what is shown in the film is true or false. I guess nobody really knows, because there will always be two camps that will each tell their own truth: one camp says he was a hero, a kind of Robin Hood, the others will say he was a normal criminal, a murderer and a thief. I couldn't really tell you which of them is right, maybe they both are, but what I can tell you is that the facts in the film and the documentary were almost the same. <br /> <br /> This the film was a nice addition to the documentary I once saw and I really enjoyed the performances of all the actors. Heath Ledger, Orlando Bloom, Naomi Watts, Geoffrey Rush are all well-known actors, but even the lesser-known actors show in this production that everyone knows what good acting should look like. I really enjoyed this movie and give it a 7.5 / 10
