Having borrowed this film from the local library a couple of weeks ago with the intention of seeing it originally a few days after Memorial Day, I finally saw Sayonara this morning. In this Marlon Brando plays Major Lloyd "Ace" Gruver, the son of a general raised in a certain way, transferred from Korea to Japan, where his girlfriend Eileen Webster (Patricia Owens) turns out to be. Before leaving, try to convince one of his men, a Joe Kelly (Red Buttons), not to marry the Japanese woman Katsumi (Miyoshi Umeki) as this is a violation of the laws on military fraternization. With the love story of him and Eileen coming out, however, Ace not only becomes the best man at Joe and Katsumi's wedding, he falls in love with an Asian himself after he and Captain Mike Bailey (James Garner) come out on city ​​and watch the sky entertainer Hana-ogi (Miiko Taka) on stage. Bailey himself goes out with one of the dancers, Fumiko-San (Reiko Kuba). Eileen herself seems to have a fantasy for one of the Kabuki artists, Nakamura (Ricardo Montalban). I will stop there and say that this was a mostly gripping drama about the biases regarding American-Asian romanticism that was very touching from beginning to end. Even seeing Hispanic Montanban playing an Oriental is not too embarrassing (although it is a good thing that his part is short). And there are some nice touches of humor like that of Brando's head hitting the top of Button and Umeki's inner door more than once. Red and Miyoshi themselves deserve their Oscars, especially Red, with their provocative and proud emotions. Rookie Garner, before being chosen in his legendary role in "Marverick" on TV, looks good in his scenes with Brando and Miiko Taka shows great restriction in his initial anti-American characterization. While I read there were some changes from the James Michener novel, I can't imagine the director Josha Logan, who had previously taken another Michener's work in the Broadway musical "South Pacific" and who would eventually become a movie, not remaining faithful to the original source. He certainly provided inspiration for the final scenes that made the film's most heartbreaking tragedy a necessary twist. Some of the production numbers may have made the film a little long-lived, but otherwise, Sayonara was a wonderful educational experience on the costumes of the 1950s that permeated America and Japan at the time.
