There are a few films that leave me with the feeling that Gregor Jordan's movie "Ned Kelly" did. Initially I had only heard half-hearted recommendations and decided to see it myself. Since then, I have acquired both the video and the soundtrack, and I must say that, after several views, I am still very impressed with the underlying character of this film. It's also wonderful to see something Australian! I appreciate its quality of quality, which if you ask me is a rarity, as well as the absence of stickiness that takes away from so many films. This film demonstrates that fantasy costumes and a glamorous set that absorbs millions of dollars to make a point are not necessarily required. The cast was a bonus, including a variety of well-known, and I might add, good-looking people who did well to slip into the role of such unique characters. It is interesting to note that much of the criticism about this film is about who has played what and how many lines have said. However, if any criticism is due, he should constructively focus on the fact that a number of basic elements of the original events have been excluded. In reality, these worked to make it the hallmark that is in Australian history. For example, on closer examination you may find that there was much, much more in the relationship between Joe Byrne and Aaron Sheritt, and that this was in fact responsible for many other final results for the band than they had been explored in the movie. It has also been underestimated that not only Aaron Sheritt's efforts have provided the Victorian police with their insights into the mystery that is unfolding. Yes, this is their interpretation of history, and it is understandable that true stories require sensationalism and sometimes the modification of the original plot to capture the attention of viewers. I feel that in this case, this is the only limitation. However, I can accept that perhaps historical accuracy is important only to those who have a particular interest in realistic events underlying a situation. Surely it inspired me to look more closely. So look at it and decide for yourself. You may not like it at all, this is your opinion, and that's fine. Is it a film that largely attracts an Australian audience? For me, I would call it a breath of fresh air!
