Because of reading negative reviews and being told by friends that they couldn't believe how bad it was, I didn't go to see this movie in the cinema. After seeing it on DVD, I have to say that I regret it now. I'm not saying it's brilliant, but I'd say it's a good movie. I liked it. <br /> <br /> People have thicker skulls than Ned's if they go to see a movie like this and expect it to be a documentary. If you read the current history of most films based on historical characters, there is usually a huge difference between the fact and the fictional representation. I don't think Ganghis Kahn has ever been portrayed even close to historical facts. What kind of man was actually Ned Kelly is a matter of debate, and he seems rather passionate. Despite the efforts of governments and some historians, Ned Kelly has become a legend. Legends are stories and stories tell so much about those who tell them and listen to them as they do themselves. Ned Kelly has become such a popular identity because it represents that aspect of Australian culture that does not trust or accept authority. A society in which there is no dissent or challenge to authority is more insane and more dangerous than any bushranger. <br /> <br /> So, not expecting it to be an accurate recreation of Kelly's historic band, I actually found that surprisingly film is not bulky and refreshing. It was sentimental and romantic, but fortunately not everywhere it was as trivial as it could have been; for my Australian colleagues, look at 'The Lighthorseman' and you'll see what I mean (it's a pity the way the plot was treated so badly). Perhaps the romance could have been abandoned for a little more detail in other areas, such as the shooting of soldiers. Ironically, I really enjoyed the film for this, because it would be those details that most of the focus on Ned's story could linger. And it is the details of the story that are best discovered by reading the different points of view given by the various historians. <br /> <br /> This film has always had difficulties, having made a compromise to appeal to a global film market (to pay for the pills) and the legend as it means to Australians; maybe some of Ned's spirit is in this film, because I think he rebelled against people's expectations, and unfortunately he missed both goals. Fortunately it was a fine example of a film. For me it was an unexpected film about Ned, and that's why I liked it. Even Orlando Bloom's performance did a lot for the film - it really added something. I think he would have liked to be the monster instead of the cute elf, for a change. <br /> <br /> When you consider other films that are much worse than this, your opinion of this film should be reconsidered. Send me this on DVD for Christmas rather than Croc Dundee or The Man From Snowy River at any time.
