It must have been several years since its release, so I don't know why it was at the cinema. But I liked it as a child. I just found a VHS tape from Superman and Mole Men at the flea market and decided to watch it again (many years have passed). I didn't expect much, now knowing how the B movies were made at that time. But I was pleasantly surprised to find the film very watchable and the acting of everything exceptional. The usual acting in these type films leaves much to be desired. Surprisingly, writing wasn't bad either. Forget the fact that Superman switched from one sequence to another and could have kicked all the kicks at the beginning, because then the story would have ended, right?! OK, the men's mole costumes were incredible and not very scary (they didn't even frighten me as a child). However, taking into account the likely low budget for background and customs, it was a job well done by everyone. I recognized the sheriff right away as The Old Ranger of Death Valley Days and many secondary roles in TV westerns. J. Farrell MacDonald played the old pop and has always been a great supporting actor in many films than he can count. Walter Reed and Jeff Corey were also known faces from other films. Did you recognize the old doctor as the captain of the ship that went to get King Kong? Did you recognize the girl who rolls the ball to the mole men like Lisbeth Searcy in Old Yeller? Even some of the mole were famous. Jerry Maren played Mayor McCheese for McDonalds, Little Oscar Mayer, it was the Munchkin who gave Dorothy the lollipop, it was about an episode of Seifeld and a wealth of other works. Billy Curtis played an unforgettable role with Clint Eastwood on High Plains Drifter, was one of the friends he met with the Incredible Shrinking Man star, had a part in a movie I just took for a flea market called My Gal Sal with Rita Hayworth, Wizard of Oz and many other parts - great actor. John Brambury was also a Munchkin. Phillis Coates, who played Lois Lane in this film, was undoubtedly wonderful in the part and George Reeves in the role of Superman / Clark Kent WAS Superman. He did a great job playing a strong man. The conclusion of all that I have said is that it is worth watching this film because of the cast and script in dealing with a rather inconsistent idea for a film. But it was the 1950s and everything was possible from intruders from the outer space to the mole men from the inner space. It is certainly worth seeing, there is no bad actor in the group. Those who put the cast together were very, very lucky to have so many gifted actors in a type B movie. Some already had extensive experience and some were going to get a great experience - but everyone was gifted. So if you have the chance to watch the movie, forget the stupid costumes and enjoy the excitement and acting. Is it a bird? Is it a plane? No, just a good old-fashioned movie to enjoy!
