I saw it on HBO or Showtime or Cinemax during the summer in the mid-90s that my parents had signed up for those channels. I have met him several times in various parts and have always found him obscure, bizarre and fascinating. I was young then, in my early adolescence; and now years after discovering the great Arliss Howard and being swept away by "Big Bad Love", I bought the "Wilder Napalm" DVD and saw it with my girlfriend for the first time in many years. I absolutely loved it! I was really impressed and impressed. There are so many dynamic complexity and fluid dynamics within the movements of the camera and cinematography; all perfectly gelled by intelligent, intense and immediate chemistry between the three protagonists, their history, music and all the other actors. It is truly "cinematic". I love the subtle intensity, the ambivalent strength and the hidden intelligence of Arliss Howard, I am a big fan of everything he does; and his interaction with the gaiety of Debra Winger (who are obviously married) has that magical, fascinating reality that goes beyond the camera. (I wonder if they watch this on wedding anniversaries? ........ "Big Bad Love" should be the next stop for those who haven't seen it, it's brilliant.) And, Dennis Quaid in full clown make-up , introduced secretly, angled, hidden and displayed by the selection of strokes and full flowery delivery is the kind of magic of pure dark film that is not seen very often. Quaid has always had a sinister quality for me anyway, with that huge open mouth, hiding behind his intermittent eyes that lie waiting to lash out like mischievous charm or diabolical strangeness (here like both). Both Howard and Quaid have the crazy fire behind their eyes to bring out their wonderful and intense gunfire shoots inside in a dark way. In fact, the whole film has a dark energy and intensity of the hip. It is really a fantastic film, put together by intelligence, imagination, agility and chemistry by all the parties involved. I really can't imagine how this was financed, and it seems to me quite expensive, with such a conventional, unimaginative system, but I thank God that films like this slip into the system from time to time. In a fantastic way, with all its bright carnival colors, hip intelligence, truthful obscured humor and fascinating chemistry, it reminds me of one of my favorite movies of all time: "Grosse Pointe Blank" ... ... now it's a compliment in my book!
