At the height of the "Celebrity Big Brother" racism in 2007 (which involves Shilpa Shetty and the late Jade Goody), I condemned those "C.B.B." the fans who praised the show, after years of "racist" 70s sitcoms like "Curry & Chips" and "Love Thy Neighbor". I thought they were hypocrites and they said it. 'It Is not Half Hot Mum' was later thrown into the discussion, with some pointing out that he had starred in a blackened English actor. Well, yes, but Michael Bates had lived in India as a boy, and he spoke Urdu fluently. The detractors of the show neglect the reality that led to his interpretation of "Rangi Ram". Renowned Indian actor Renu Setna said in a 1995 documentary "Perry & Croft: The Sitcoms" that he was shocked when he heard that Bates had landed the role, but added: "No Indian actor could have played that role as well as Bates. ". Indeed. <br /> <br /> 'Mamma' was the accompanying program for Perry and Croft at 'Dad's Army'; set in wartime, the seductive English town of Walmington-On-Sea had been replaced by the warm and humid jungles of India, particularly in a place called Deolali, where a group of soldiers organize shows for the troops, including Bombadier Solomons (George Layton, his first role in the "Doctor In Charge" sitcom), stands Gunner 'Gloria' Beaumont (Melvyn Hayes), diminutive Gunner 'Lofty' Sugden, 'Lah de-dah' Gunner Graham (John Clegg) and Gunner Parkins (the late Christopher Mitchell). Presiding over this band of misfits was the warlike Sergeant Major Williams (the brilliant Windsor Davies), who considered them all "mugs". His frustration at not being able to drive his men into the jungle to engage the enemy in combat made him harsh and overbearing (though he was kind to Parkins, who he thought was his illegitimate son!). Then there was always English Colonel Reynolds (Donald Hewlett) and Captain Ashwood (Michael Knowles). Rangi was like a wise old wise man, who started every show by talking to the camera and closing them by quoting obscure Hindu proverbs. He loved being the bearer so much that he considered himself practically English. His friends were Char Wallah (the late Dino Shafeek, who continued with "Mind Your Language") and the rope that pulled Punka Wallah (Babar Bhatti). So the real Indians participated in the show - another point that detractors ignore. Shafeek has also provided what has been described in the credits as "vocal interruptions" (similar to the songs of the 40s used as secondary music on "Dad's Army"). Each edition ended with him "Land Of Hope & Glory" while being silenced by a "Shut Up!" from Williams. The excellent opening theme was written by Jimmy Perry and Derek Taverner. <br /> <br /> Although she never equaled "dad's army" in the affections of the public, the "mom" was nevertheless popular enough to run for a total of eight seasons. In 1975, Davies and Estelle reached the top of the charts with a cover version of the old "Whispering Grass". They then recorded an entire album of old chestnuts, entitled (what else?) "Sing Lofty!". <br /> <br /> The hit point of the show hit three years later when Bates died of cancer. Rather than reworking the role of "Rangi", the writers let him quietly forget. When George Layton left, the character of "Gloria" took its place as "Bombadier", providing another source of comedy. <br /> <br /> The last 1981 edition saw the soldiers leaving India by boat for Blighty, the Char Wallah observing them with great sadness (as the spectators did). The reps were few and far between (mainly on UK Gold) all due to its so-called "dubious" reputation. This is strange. First, the show was not specifically about racism. If a dark white man is so wrong, why is David Lean's 1984 film "A Passage to India" still being shown on television? (introduced Alec Guinness as an Indian and won two Oscars!). It comes from the personal experiences of Jimmy Perry. Some characters were based on real people (the sergeant major actually referred to his men as "crazy"). I am of the opinion that if you intend to put the story on television, do it right. Sanifying the past, no matter how unpleasant it may seem to the modern public, is fundamentally dishonest. 'Mamma' was both funny and truthful, and viewers saw this. Thank God for D.V.D., I say. It's time to stop this review. As Williams would say, "I don't want to gossip in this jungle!"
