This wartime sitcom written by Jimmy Perry and David Croft, who wrote the best Dads Army TV program ever, was not as good as Dads Army, but still very, very funny. <br /> <br /> It is a concert band in India. Most of the episodes involved BSM Williams (Windsor Davies) trying to organize the concert party, which referred to a series of puffs, posted in the jungle. He was never successful because the vague Colonel Reynolds (Donald Hewlett) and the stupid Captain Ashwood (Michael Knowles) were big fans of the party. The party was composed by Bombadier Solomans (George Layton), impersonator of Ginger Rogers Gunner "Gloria" Beaumont (Melvyn Hayes), pianist trained by the aeronautics Gunner "La de da" Gunner Graham, aka Padarouski (John Clegg), singer Gunner " Lofty "Sugden, Gunner Parkins (Christopher Mitchell) (Williams thought Parkins was his son, he was very wrong), great eater Gunner" Nosher "Evans and animal impersonator (Kenneth MacDonald), was not Percy Edwards. Also heavily involved in the adventures were the faithful Indian servant Rangi Ram (Michael Bates), with the Char-Wallah and the Punkah-Wallah (Dino Shafeek and Babar Bhatti) who gave Ram wonderful support. <br /> <br /> The show, just like Dad's army, has left many slogans. Rangi Ram used to say to his Punkah Wallah "Do not be such a crafty" and he concluded many of the shows saying "Here is an old Hindu proverb, for example when the wife has a relationship with the best friend, the your home to catch fire "It was Williams, even though he had the most slogans. He would always shout "Shuddup !!!!!", say "Oh dear, how sad, it doesn't matter" and when it comes to Gunner Graham, he would always talk sarcastically with an elegant accent. <br /> <br /> the show does not enjoy the same recognition as Dad's army did. This is probably due to a matter of taste: this is seen as crude. Williams is homophobic and calls his men "Puffs", although it must be said that Williams is boring. Also, some people think that there is a racial element in humor, using the fact that Michael Bates was overshadowed to play Rangi Ram (actually Bates was born in India and spoke with Urdu before speaking English), then the BBC will feel a little uncomfortable putting it into practice, even if the vast majority of people who have actually WATCHED the show agree that the show is not racist, I know someone who is half Indian, and they were not in the least offended and agreement like me was a very funny show When I see an episode for the first time, I probably laugh more than I do for any other sitcom, but when I see it for the second time, they don't laugh a lot, but no matter how many times I see the army by Papa, I laugh many times in an episode. <br /> <br /> Best episode: The Road to Banu, series 1, episode 7
