7 if you are a child - 6 if you claim to be an adult. This semi-sequel of the Lion King sees the side characters of Timone and Pumba turning, telling the original story through their eyes, including the story of how they met. In the great Disney tradition, lower level sequels are made, and occasionally TV series with the adventures of lesser characters of their greatest hits. You can be skeptical about this, but the kids and fans of the series probably won't care; they are enough jokes and songs and interesting things to make sure this is one of the few above-average sequels. This works thanks to the charm of the much loved central characters, the fast pace, the jokes involving the first film, and for older viewers there are some funny gags. The animation is as good as ever, although a little less flamboyant than the original, but the plot here is all about taking it easy, Hakuna Matata. <br /> <br /> Timone and Pumba decide to watch the events of the first film, frequently interrupting half of the film to joke about parts of it, like a true audience. Let's see how Timone is a marginalized neighbor, he feels that he doesn't adapt and he decides to go beyond what he sees to find his ideal home. On the way he meets Pumba, another outcast and they become friends. Soon they meet Simba, a lion cub, natural predator of T and P, but they form a trio. However, when Simba realizes that he must follow his destiny and leave the group, it is up to others to decide whether to help or not, and how. Of course the usual Disney elements and themes are here, friendship, good versus evil, etc. The plot is simple but works on many levels, making it smarter than your average animated film. While CG movies appear, the traditional form of Disney must become smarter, but don't forget the roots that made them popular. Toy Story and all that has come since then have been smart, with jokes for all ages, and it seems that this is how the market is moving. However, there will always be a place for films like this, and you can't go wrong buying it for young people. <br /> <br /> 7 out of 10
