The Shining is a strange example of adaptation: it has very little in common with the original novel, written by Stephen King, yet it is widely remembered as one of the best cinematographic interpretations of the work of the master of horror. This is due to two factors: the magisterial direction of Stanley Kubrick and the cold interpretation of Jack Nicholson. Nicholson plays Jack Torrance, a writer who agrees to take care of the Overlook Hotel in Canada during the winter, unaffected by the gruesome stories surrounding the place: he claims that a beautiful secluded location is just what he needs to finish his new book. Therefore, the Overlook becomes the new home of the Torrance family: Jack, his wife Wendy (Shelley Duvall) and their five-year-old son Danny (Danny Lloyd). The boy in particular feels from the beginning that something is wrong: he was told by the cook, Dick O 'Hallorann (Scatman Crothers) that he is endowed with a mysterious psychic energy, the titratable Shining, which allows people like him and Dick to see the flashes of the past and the future, among other things. Because of this "gift", the forces that inhabit the hotel are immediately interested in Danny, even though he is quite capable of resisting. This is not the case with Jack, however, who becomes increasingly paranoid with regards to his wife's affections and seeks comfort in the company of what can best be defined as ghosts, triggering a chain of madness and terror that is very difficult to break. <br /> <br /> The Shining works like a horror film because Kubrick, even though he had never worked on this type of film, knew exactly what was effective and what was not, hence the greater concentration on the atmosphere and the psychological shocks that bleed and creative blood baths. King criticized the director for changing most of the story, omitting most of the Jack / Danny subplot (only hinted at in the film) that led to the emotionally strong climax of the book, and while his disappointment is valid, the omission it was actually necessary: ​​The novel dealt with redemption, albeit in an unconventional way, and redemption is a theme in which Kubrick, one of the most famous analysts of human degradation, never had a weakness for. What interests him is the mental and later physical imbalance that threatens the characters, and maintains the disturbing tone thanks to a very cold approach and the expert use of steadicam shooting (Danny's encounter with ghostly twins is the best example Another criticism that King raised concerns the actors, in particular Nicholson: according to the author, his trademark at the beginning of the film seemed to indicate that Jack was already crazy, thus undermining the rest of the film. Now, it's true that Nicholson seems a little stupid from the start, but it's equally true that Martin Sheen (the ideal choice for the role of King) probably wouldn't have been able to offer a terrific performance like Nicholson's: from the moment he begins to grin in a more disturbing way than before at the immortal "Here's Johnny!" scene, it is impossible to imagine another actor playing that part, and even if the television version of The Shining of 1997 does not it's bad, the character of Torrance is indelibly linked to the One Flew over the Cuckoo's Nest. As for Duvall and Lloyd, both add tremendous support, the latter particularly deserves a place alongside Harvey Stephens (The Omen's Damien) and Haley Joel Osment as great icons of horror cinema. One could complain that Duvall is completely different from the counterpart of the book (blond and handsome) and that he doesn't have much else to do but scream and run away, but two things should be considered: a) in 1980 the cliché of the "scream queen" does not it was still one; b) rarely does an actress look so genuinely terrified of the camera, making the differences between secondary books compared to the real fear that emerges from Wendy's eyes. <br /> <br /> Irvine Welsh, the author of Trainspotting, once said is not a completely faithful adaptation of any literary work (and should know, given the freedoms that Danny Boyle took when his junkie masterpiece is been brought to the screen), but this does not mean that the film is necessarily bad. The Shining demonstrates this point to perfection: very little from the novel, about 5%, is included in the film, but in the hands of Kubrick and Nichlolson this masterclass in free cinematic translation becomes one of the most beautiful and original horror images of all time, which is actually saying something given the current poor form of the genre.
