Sometimes, this surpasses The Thing as my favorite horror movie. While Carpenter's film is the most efficient and funniest film, Kubrick's is more artistic, more inspiring and probably scarier. It is one of the few films in which I can look beyond its flaws and love it sincerely and totally. I try not to compare it with the book ?? that I only read once, a number of years ago, and that scared the hell out of me ?? because the two don't have much in common, besides obviously the story and the characters. It's almost as if Kubrick was exploiting people's love for the novel to make his film more terrifying. And in this way, it is certainly one of the most interesting adaptations of books ever made, as well as one of the greatest horror films. <br /> <br /> What makes the film so terrifying is not the jump of fear, not the blood and gore, not the various ghosts that appear from time to time. It's the destruction of Jack Torrence. Some people have complained about Nicholson's casting in this role, saying it is too obvious that he will go crazy in the film, given his past roles and appearance. I do not agree. Do we know he's going crazy? since most of us read the book ?? and Jack's appearance only reinforces this notion. But it is the way it acts in the beginning that makes us really scared. He is calm, calm, patient. He talks in small talks with the hotel managers and even with his family. And with a wife and son as irritating as his, it's kind of weird that he can do it. But once you get to Overlook, it changes. Become irritable, angry, nervous. The scene that always baffles me is when Wendy interrupts him by typing, and he completely loses it, telling her to "leave him f *** alone". This is the first bomb bomb in the film, and it's a shock to the system. From that moment on, all bets have gone. <br /> <br /> Another thing I love is the multiple interpretations in the film. We are never really sure if what we are seeing is really happening. Many critics have noticed that whenever Jack talks to a ghost, there is a gift in the mirror, which shows he could even talk to himself. But what about the other characters? Wendy never sees anything until the orgasm of the film, until she is given a tour of the many ghostly inhabitants of the hotel, but is aware that something is wrong, while Danny connects almost immediately with the place. Are your psychic powers not in question? how else would Hallorann have been able to come to the hotel? ?? but do you ever see any of the ghosts that your parents saw? Is it easy to say that Jack simply loses it, being trapped in a hotel with his family, and then Wendy does it too? see your husband try to kill you with an ax, will he? But what about Danny? It seems his body is occupied by Tony, but how do we know for sure? None of these characters is a reliable witness. Hallorann probably would, and warns of dangers in 237, but is killed as soon as he arrives at the Overlook (Kubrick's fear is realized by playing on the hypothesis of the fans of the novel). And that final shot. Has there ever been an enigmatic ending in cinema? Was Jack really there before? Or was his body simply "absorbed" in the hotel? When it comes to acting in this film, any discussion begins and ends with Jack Nicholson. Shelley Duvall offers one of the most annoying performances in the history of cinema ?? probably on purpose, to give Jack's character more than one reason to shoot ?? and Danny Lloyd is no better, but Jack is a power plant. Method piece, partly improvisation, is at the same time terrifying and attractive. For better or for worse, it is the character we identify with, not the annoying child or the annoying wife. We all want to have a hotel all to ourselves for a season, to be able to do whatever we want. Who cares if it's haunted? Of course, the technical aspects are fantastic. Kubrick's long takes, strange angles and bizarre images all contribute to horror. The use of color, mirrors, long corridors and any other reason only increases this. And don't even get me started on that score. I don't know if the film would be almost scary without that scary, electronic song. Its strangeness perfectly reflects the hotel, the mood and the entire movie itself. <br /> <br /> I know that King doesn't like this movie, but King's input on cinema is not something to brag about. However great a novelist he may be, his screenplays are terrible and his attempt to direct is best left unseen. This is not a very faithful adaptation of the book, but it does not need to be, and really should not. Part of the horror of the film is that the viewer does not have the book to rely on; there is no reassuring source material. Kubrick masterfully alters the narrative to terrorize the audience even more. If only for that, this is one of the most innovative films of any kind. And he has everything else on top of that.
