The Shining begins with Jack Torrance (Jack Nicholson) driving in an isolated hotel called "Overlook" located in the high mountains of Colorado for an interview with his manager Stuart Ullman (Barry Nelson) on becoming the keeper of winter. Ullman tells Jack that he will be responsible for the hotel's basic maintenance, but will be almost completely isolated from the rest of the world for six months during the harsh winter. Together with his wife Wendy (Shelley Duvall) and young son Danny (Danny Lloyd) Jack moves into the hotel and at first it all seems to be okay, it's a beautiful hotel, absolutely huge and everything they need is available to them. However, the Overlook hotel has a dark past with a previous caretaker who kills his entire family before committing suicide and Danny has the ability to "shine", which means he has psychic powers that allow him to see and hear things that "normal" people can't. As the days, weeks and months begin to outrun Jack becomes more and more crazy, Danny continues to 'see' things and people while Wendy becomes frantic since she has no idea what is happening to her family, while a heavy one snow storm leaves them trapped Jack eventually loses it ... <br /> <br /> This British production was co-written, co-produced and directed by Stanley Kubrick and is a beautiful horror film. It seems that The Shining is another film that exists in two different different versions and the one I will comment on is the shorter European cut, which lasts just under 2 hours. The screenplay by Kubrick & Diane Johnson is based on the Stephen King novel that I haven't read so I can't compare them, it goes for psychological rather than visual horror with just one murder during the entire movie. There are very few characters in The Shining with Jack, Wendy and Danny the only ones that really matter, since the film focuses on them almost exclusively to take care of them, involving them with them and what they are experiencing. The pace is a bit slow, but this is a film that hasn't seemed so long and has always interested you. As for the negative side, I don't think that the reasoning on which Jack was going crazy and wanted to kill his family was strong enough to convince me, the fact that Jack escaped from the freezer without any explanation bothers me and I don't know if I'm lost Something, but that ending didn't make any sense to me, I'm still trying to figure out what it is! There is very little in terms of violence or blood, a couple of rotten zombie ghosts and someone is killed with an ax but The Shining is a horror film that does not need to rely on blood and special effects as it has a compelling storyline. With a budget of around $ 19,000,000 The Shining is technically unexceptionable as you would expect from an obsessive filmmaker like Kubrick, the cinematography is brilliant with some fantastic free and fluid shots, while the camera effortlessly follows the character around the corridor maze , the sets look absolutely real and instead of clichés on the themes of haunted houses like dark corners, basements and cobwebs Kubrick updates things with luminous corridors, wide open spaces and a modern decor (80 modern, just check that red toilet outside! ). The acting is good on everyone's part, although, as usual in horror movies, the child is very annoying and Nicholson seems crazy from the start. The Shining is an engaging film that I enjoyed watching even though I'm not sure I'll see it again soon. For those in search of explosions and imaginative special effects you will be disappointed, for those in search of a good haunted house-type horror with a strong story. I think The Shining is for you, it deserves a guard in my humble opinion.
