A series of casual and seemingly insignificant thefts at her sister's pension shook Miss Lemon. A ring, light bulbs, a backpack, a lighter, a stethoscope, a shoe ?? there seems to be no rhyme or reason for any of them. Miss Lemon asks her employer, the great Belgian detective Hercule Poirot, to look into the matter. But what Poirot sees is something far more sinister than Miss Lemon could have imagined. And Poirot's fears are confirmed when one of the students who lives in a pension is found killed. It is up to Poirot to bring a murderer to justice. <br /> <br /> Hickory Dickory Dock is a solid, but not spectacular, entry in the long Poirot series. I appreciate how faithful the script is to Agatha Christie's original story. I realize that certain freedoms had to be taken, but I appreciate the effort anyway. The main points of the mystery are all there ?? petty theft, retirement, students, ripped rucksacks and, of course, Poirot's ability to see something sinister going on before it happens. With few exceptions, the cast of students is almost like I imagined them. Damian Lewis and Jessica Lloyd standout among the group. As much as I always like David Suchet's Poirot, I have a real ass in the episodes with Phillip Jackson's Inspector Japp and Pauline Moran's Miss Lemon. This episode is a real pleasure as Miss Lemon has more screen time than usual. Finally, I liked the use of the mouse, always present as an observer of the activities in the hostel. It's a fun game about the Hickory Dickory Dock title. <br /> <br /> I realized during the revisitation of Hickory Dickory Dock, just what a tremendous influence Agatha Christie's work had on the highly stylized yellow or yellow films of the 60s and 70s. Take the murder of Mrs. Nicoletis as an example. If you were to increase the graphic nature of the scene, you would have something straight in the early 1970s. In fact, the entire plot of Hickory Dickory Dock could have been used in a Yellow. It's just twisted and interesting enough to have worked.
