Sometimes it takes a film master like Kubrick to bring that extra something, that unique, untraceable and elusive ingredient that turns a great movie or a great script into a masterpiece, one for centuries. <br /> <br /> It's not just the fact that the story of Stephen King has enough meat and potatoes that makes it difficult even for the most hard-working directors. Hell, even the king himself didn't get off so bad. This is how Kubrick perceives the universe of King, how he transforms the page into time on the screen, which makes THE SHINING a visual joy and a compact masterclass in the direction. <br /> <br /> Kubrick's miss-en-scene is formidable as usual. The film proceeds with a lively, sharp, lively rhythm, although it is neither fast nor heavily modified and works at no less than 160 minutes. The camera runs through the luxurious corridors of Overlook Hotel as if it were a sort of mystical labyrinth for exploration, linear shots that show the interiors impeccably decorated in all their grandeur. There is a symmetrical and geometric approach to the way Kubrick perceives the space that reminds me a lot of the way the Japanese directors worked in the sixties. As if what is represented is in no way the way in which all the different elements are balanced within the frame. <br /> <br /> Some images certainly stand out. The first shot of Jack's typewriter, accompanied off-screen by shots of a ball, like drums of doom coming from some other plane or produced by the same typewriter as if it were an instrument of destruction alone, later to demonstrate to be nothing short of that A red river flowing through the hotel elevators in slow motion. Jack hits the door with the ax, the camera moves with him, following the action as it happens instead of remaining static, as if it were the camera that penetrates through the door and not the ax. The ultra-fast zoom in the baby's face pushes his head into it before we see the two dead girls from his POV. And of course, the bathroom scene. <br /> <br /> Much has been said of Jack Nicholson's offensive obviousness. His fool doesn't have all the success, because, well, he's Jack Nicholson. The boy still looks half crazy. Playing crazy turns him into an exaggerated caricature of himself. Shelley Duvall on the other hand is one of the most inspired casting choices I've ever had Kubrick. Coming from a series of fantastic shows for Robert Altman in the seventies (3 WOMEN, THIEVES LIKE USA, NASHVILLE), he brings to his character the right amounts of fragility and emotional suffering. A terrifying and underrated actress.
