The Shining, do you know what's strange about this movie? This is the film that everyone, for people who say they don't like horror movies, will always say that The Shining is a fantastic film. This is Stanley Kubrick's classic view of Stephen King's horror of madness and blood. This is just an incredible film and you have seen it or not, you have heard of it, you know a few lines and I know some of the classic images. Who could forget Jack "Here's Johnny!"? Who could forget "Dull Boy All Work and No Play Make Jack"? Who could forget that chilling ending? This is the film that is unforgettable and, honestly, in my opinion it is Kubrick's best work. I know there are a lot of discussions in that department, a lot of people say it's 2001: A Space Odyssey or A Mechanical Orange or even Dr. Strangelove, but if those films were pioneers of film production, then The Shining perfected it. This is the story of isolation, madness, terrifying images and the final ghost story that will crawl under your skin. <br /> <br /> Jack Torrance, Jack Danny's son and Jack's wife, Wendy arrive at the Overlook Hotel on closing day. The elderly African American chef, Dick Hallorann, catches Danny talking to him telepathically and offering him ice cream. Tell Danny that he and his grandmother shared the gift; they called the "shining" communication. Danny asks if there is something to be afraid of in the hotel, particularly in room 237. Dick tells Danny that the hotel has a certain "splendor" and many memories, not all good, and advises him to stay out of the room 237 in all circumstances. Danny's curiosity about Room 237 finally gets the better of him when he sees that the room has been opened. Danny looks injured and visibly traumatized after Jack tells Wendy that he loves his family. Seeing this, Wendy thinks Jack has abused Danny. Jack wanders into the Gold Room of the hotel where he meets a ghostly bartender named Lloyd. Danny starts screaming frantically at the word "redrum" and scribbles it on the walls. He enters into a trance and retires; now he says he is Tony, his "imaginary friend". Jack sabotages the hotel radio, interrupting communications from the outside world, but Hallorann received Danny's telepathic cry for help and is coming. Wendy discovers that Jack has written endless manuscript pages repeating "All the works and no acting make Jack a boring boy" formatted in various ways. Horrified, Jack threatens her and she puts him on the ground unconscious with a baseball bat, blocking him in a locker in the kitchen. Jack communicates with Grady through the cabinet door, which then unlocks and releases him. Danny wrote "REDRUM" in lipstick on Wendy's bedroom door. When you look in the mirror, you see that it is "Homicide" written backwards. Jack takes an ax and starts cutting the door to his family's quarters. "Here is Johnny!", And the legendary image of Jack was born. <br /> <br /> The Shining is one of those films that you must seriously find time to see, this is an incredible film and continues to give me nightmares. Jack Nicholson's performance is timeless and unforgettable. But what I feel is also extremely neglected is Shelley Duvall, her scene of finding Jack All Work's maze ?? it's unbelievable, it's a look of horror and you can see that fear on her face after realizing that her husband is crazy. Another incredible scene is when Jack sees a ghost woman in the bathtub, it's honestly one of the most terrifying scenes of horror cinema. The reason why this film is so famous is because it's a film of perfection, it's been on The Simpsons, it's been shown in other films and it's a film that will stay with you forever when you see it, trust me. <br /> <br /> 10/10
