Ok, ok, maybe not the biggest. I mean, The Exorcist and Psycho and a few others are hard to ignore, but The Shining is very high. It is, however, by far the best Stephen King story that has been turned into a movie. Better than The Stand, better than Pet Sematary (if not quite scary), better than Cujo, better than The Green Mile, better the Dolores Claiborne, better than Stand By Me (barely, though,), and yes, it's better of The Shawshank Redemption (shut up, it's better), I don't care what the IMDb Top 250 says. I read that, a couple of decades ago, Stanley Kubrick was sorting the novels at his house, trying to find one that could be a good movie, and from the other room, his wife would hear a pounding noise every half hour or so as she threw books at the wall in frustration. In the end, he heard no sound for almost two hours, and when he checked to see if he had died in his chair or something (I say with all due respect, of course), he found him focused on a book he had in his hand, and the book was The Shining. And thank God, also because he continued to convert that book into one of the best horror films ever. <br /> <br /> Stephen King can be thanked for the complexity of the story, for a man who takes his wife and son from a remote hotel to oversee him during the extremely isolated winter while working on his writing. Jack Nicholson can be thanked for his dead performance as Jack Torrance (how many movies does Jack have in which he plays a character named Jack?), As well as his impeccable delivery of several now famous lines (`Heeeeeere's Johnny !! '). Shelley Duvall can be thanked for giving a performance that allows the audience to relate to Jack's desires to kill her. Stanley Kubrick can be thanked for giving this excellent story his very recognizable touch, and whoever was the casting director was thanked for stealing the scariest twins on the planet to play the part of the killed girls. <br /> <br /> One of the most significant aspects of this film, necessary for the story as a whole to have its most significant effect, is isolation, and presents impeccably. The film begins with a long scene followed by Jack as he goes to the old hotel for his interview for the winter watchman's work. This is soon followed by the same thing that follows Jack and his family as they drive on the windy mountain road to the hotel. This time the scene is mixed with shots of Jack, Wendy and Danny talking in the car, in which Kubrick managed to sneak into a quick hint about TV ills, while Wendy expresses her concern about cannibalism in front of Danny, who he says it's good because he has already seen it on TV ("see? everything is fine, he saw it on television"). <br /> <br /> The hotel itself is the perfect setting for a story like this to take place, and its bloody past is made much scarier by the huge, echoing rooms and long corridors. These rooms with their echoes constantly underline the hotel's void, but it's the corridors that have really created most of the fear of this film, and Kubrick's traditional shots give the corridors a disturbing three-dimensional feel. At the beginning of the film, there is a famous pursuit shot that follows Danny in a big circle as he walks around the halls of his Big Wheel (is that what it's called?), And its relative speed (as well as the clunking done from the wheels like he goes back and forth from the wooden floors to the throw rugs) gives the feeling of not knowing what's around the corner. And being a Stephen King story, you expect something to jump out of you. I think the best scene in the halls (and also one of the scariest in the film) is when Danny is playing on the floor, and a ball slowly rolls towards him. He looks up and sees the long empty corridor, and since the ball is a kind of a child's toy, you expect it to have been those horribly creepy twins that rolled him. Anyway, you've got the point. The Shining is a damn scary movie. <br /> <br /> In addition to having the rare quality of being a horror film that doesn't suck, The Shining has a very deep story that really keeps you open-mouthed and leaves you feeling like there was something that you had missed. Was there always Jack, like Mr. Grady said in the men's room? Was he really at that dance in 1921, or is it just someone who looks exactly like him? If he was always the caretaker, as Mr. Grady also said, does that mean he was the one who went mad and killed his wife and two daughters, and not Mr. Grady, after all? It's one thing for a movie to leave the free parts that should be tied, it's just a mediocre movie. For example, The Amityville Horror, which obviously copied many aspects of The Shining, did this. But it's completely different when a movie is presented in a way that really makes you think (like most Kubrick movies are). Another thing to which we can all thank Stanley Kubrick, and we should thank him, is not to throw this book against the wall. That launch would have been a cinematic tragedy.
