Cool, majestic piece of cinematic scare, this film combines all the great elements of an intellectual thriller, with the grandiose vision of a director who has the instinctive ability to beat a lunatic horror film in the realm of his cinematic genius that includes an eye for original shot, an icy soundtrack and a general sense of dehumanization. This film goes through all the typical horror films like a red poker through a human eye, as it allows the viewer not only to feel the violence and psychosis of his protagonist, but he appreciates the seed from which the disorder derives. One of the scariest things for people to deal with is the unknown and this film presents its plot with this single thought in mind. The setting is perfect, in a desolate winter refuge. The quiet of the moment is a character in itself, as the ferocious aggressor in the mind of Jack Torrance calms down in this free time and generates the devil's new playing field. I have always had the feeling that the presence of evil was dormant in all our minds, with only the circumstances of the moment, and the reasons given here, necessary to wake up his violent sit and jump on his unsuspecting victims. This film is a perfect example of this same thought. <br /> <br /> And it is within the subtle touch of the canvas of this film, the clackity-clacks of the big wheel of the young boy who rides along the empty corridors of the hotel, the labyrinthine garden that represents the thin line of the mind between the healthy and the mad, the inconsistencies of Kubrick's editing expressly transformed, the errors of continuity and the wrong arrangements, that we discover a world guided by the right and the tangible, but removed from the powerful and the unknown. I have never read the book on which the film is based, but without that as a point of comparison, I am proud to say that this is one of the most terrifying films I have ever seen. I thought the film's runtime could have been cut a bit, but then again, I'm not one of the most acclaimed directors in the history of cinema, so maybe I should keep my criticisms from two cents in a superb film, to me same. All in all, this film catches your attention with its great form and vision, it deceives you with a bit of terror and eccentric direction, it binds you and pierces you in the heart with its cold-eyed vision of the mind of the dispersed man, disturbing atmosphere and loss of humanity. <br /> <br /> Rating: 9/10
