Anthony McGarten adapted his work, Via Satellite, and directed the best comedy film released in New Zealand for a long time. Chrissy Dunn (Danielle Cormack) is a drop-out. She hasn't gotten much in the last few years and has become resentful of her family by confessing her father's deathbed. Twin sister, Carol (also played by Danielle Cormack) is basking in the media spotlight while representing New Zealand in swimming at the Olympics. A desperate and desperate middle-aged director (Brian Sergent) and his tender cameraman - who is also Chrissy's one-night concert of the previous night - Paul (Karl Urban) film the most proud moment of the Dunn family; watch Carol swim towards victory. This wouldn't be so bad but Chrissy's family is the epitome of embarrassing. First of all there is the Matriaco of the Wellingtonian Dunns, Joyce (Donna Akerston). He makes fairy cakes and cocktail sausages for the all-important film crew and refuses to change the way it is. His eldest daughter, Jen (Rima Te Wiata), is desperate to be something more than common. It has a beautiful house (with the walls of the bedroom painted "sorbet with blackberry"), expensive tastes and a bad parasitic attitude to match. She is also approaching 40 and is desperate for a child. Her husband, Ken (Tim Balme) is an electrician and engages in jobs that they don't need to do ... besides doing jobs that need to be done, ie Jen. The average daughter, Lyn (Jodie Dorday - who won best supporting actress at the New Zealand Film Awards for this portrait) is a "slammed" idiot who has a questionable story with Ken. Both older sisters collide, the mother is in a state, Ken is a bad ToolTime Tim Taylor, Carol is fueling her Olympic desire and Chrissy is aware that all this must be squirted on national TV - why should she not be embarrassed? It's nice to see some famous New Zealand faces performing in the suburban comedy that has witty remarks to remember. I loved the fight between Jen and Lyn. One is like an adult Mona-my-biological clock-tick-away, the other a narcissistic tramp who has what his sister wants - a sandwich in the oven. The climate of the film is rather sentimental and is well done. Performances are a pleasure and the film works perfectly. A great way to spend an hour and a half. <br /> <br />
