Lorna Green (Janine Reynaud) is a performance artist for wealthy intellectuals in a local club. He falls prey to his fantasies as the promise of romantic interludes turns into murder while killing those who believe that sex is on the horizon. It is possible that, through a form of hypnotic suggestion, someone (.. a possible master of tasks pulling the strings like a puppet) is guiding Lorna to kill those she meets in secluded places, just when it seems love is about to begin . After the murders within her fantasies were committed, Lorna wakes up disoriented, often without knowing if what she knew in her dreams ever happened in reality. <br /> <br /> If someone asked me how to describe this particular work by Franco, I would say that it is elegant and difficult. At this point, you probably have read other comments from confused users about what this film is about, as much of it takes place in the surreal atmosphere of a dream. Franco mentioned in an interview that he was heavily influenced by Godard at the beginning of his career, as far as film style is concerned, and therefore decided to abandon a clear narrative structure in favor of trying to create a type of visual experience completely different. And, as we read from the reaction of users' comments here .. like this decision, others find the style laborious, boring and disconcerting. I'll be the first to admit that the film is over my head, but even Franco himself, questioned by critics who saw "Succubus", admitted he didn't even understand the movie and directed it! Some might say that "Succubus" was simply a precursor of his most admired work, "Venus in Furs", considered his masterpiece of loyalist, because he also adopts the surreal and dreamlike structure in which the protagonist does not really know if / she is living something real or imagined. In a sense, like the protagonist, we are experiencing the same kind of confusion ... surely, "Succubus" is an unconventional film where we are not given the keys to exactly what is happening. And much of the elusive dialogue doesn't help things. "Succubus" is also populated by beatnik and "poet-speak" types, Corman's film, "A Bucket of Blood" was fun. My personal favorite scene teases a possible lesbian interlude between Lorna and a woman she meets in an elegant party ... rather a bizarre fantasy sequence in which the mannequins are used in a rather unusual way. Great venues and jazz soundtrack. I really enjoyed this movie, although I can understand why it gets a negative reaction. I liked a scene at the luxury party with Lorna, a little drunk, writhing on the floor in a splendid evening dress while the others who go to the shindig (.. equally wasted) run into her in a hug of kisses.
