I haven't seen all of Jess Franco's films, I've seen 5 of them, I think, and there are more than 180. So maybe it's a little early to say, but "Necronomicon Geträumte Sünden" (better known as "Succubus", but this is the cut version) I think if not the best, certainly the best of Franco. Franco is better known (although "known" could be a little exaggerated) for "Vampiros Lesbos", a bizarre film that gained more support in the mid-90s when people discovered that Jess Franco was an interesting composer . Through the soundtrack some happy people discovered the man and discovered what could be expected after seeing the video of "The Lion and the Cucumber" ("Vampyros Lesbos OST"): Jess Franco is an overwhelming director. When the phone rang during "Vampire", I let it ring. I just wanted to see another movie. From that moment Franco never managed to grab me so much. But then I stumbled upon this film. It's even better than "Vampiros Lesbos", I think. Franco is looking for what he can do with a story and a camera. We find out that he can do a lot. Certainly I did not expect to find "Necronomicon" so great: its beginning did not impress me at all. Remember, I had already seen "Vampiros Lesbos" (although chronologically it only came three years later) and both films started the same. But then the story went on, disconcerting and compelling, the good job of shooting and the things you would like to see Godard if he wasn't so busy spreading his political messages. Later in the film I heard a dialogue about which art was antiquated or not. The man says that all films must be antiquated because it takes weeks before the audience sees what was filmed. But the girl replies that "Bunuel, Fritz Lang and Godard yesterday made films for tomorrow". Janine Reynaud is an interesting leading actress and of course Howard Vernon, a director of Franco, is there too. Fortunately the acting is good (something that can ruin many of Franco's films for you, but not this one). But certainly pay attention to the fictitious scene. The erotic tension, the wild direction and the fact that it is a film of yesterday for tomorrow make it a film that many people should see. The fact that it is a little more accessible than "Vampiros Lesbos" certainly helps.
