Police, investigations, murders, suspicions: we are all so familiar in the movies galore. Most films nowadays deal with crimes that are believed to involve viewers, to provide them with an electrifying atmosphere. However, most thrill-seekers will rather focus on the latest films of that genre, forgetting the older ones. However, it happens that these people can easily be misled. A film entirely based on suspicion can be very interesting now, despite having more than 20 years ... it's GARDE A VUE, a unique film by Claude Miller. <br /> <br /> Is there a lot of action? Not really since the events presented in the film take place in a considerably short time. But the way they are performed is the great advantage of the film. Jerome Charles Martinaud (Michel Serrault) is investigated by the inspector Gallien (Lino Ventura) and by the Belmont (Guy Marchand). It is a new year, a rainy evening and not very accurate for such a meeting. And yet, after the rape and murder of two children at the dawn of the old year, the door of suspicion must finally be opened. In other words, (more quoted from the film), it must be revealed who is really a bad wolf. To achieve this, it takes a lot of effort and also a lot of emotion on both sides ... <br /> <br /> Some people criticize the script for being too verbose. However, I would like to ask them: how should an investigation be if not many questions and, practically, a lot of talk. This verbosity touches the very roots of the genre. In no way is it boring, but during the entire movie, it involves you, as a spectator, as an observer. Furthermore, the film contains well-made flashbacks as the stories are told. Not too much and not too little of them - enough to make the whole story clearer and more interesting. The most memorable flashbacks, for me, are when Chantal (Romy Schneider), Martinaud's wife, speaks of a beautiful Christmas ... But these flashbacks also contain the views of the places, including the infamous beach. It helped me wonderfully to keep the right pace. And since I saw GARDE A VUE, I have always mentioned this film as one of the "defenders" of French cinema against the accusations of disorder and chaos. <br /> <br /> But those aspects already mentioned may not appeal to many viewers because they may not like these films and in any case will not find the content and its execution satisfactory. However, GARDE A VUE is also worth seeing for these people. Why? For performance reasons. But here I do not expect to praise Romy Schneider above all. GARDE A VUE is not a Romy Schneider vehicle. He does a fantastic job as a mother who is deeply desperate for a lost child. Credibly describes a calm, concrete person who does not reject a cup of tea offered but who does not want to play with words. His part which includes a profound discourse on life and duty is brilliant, more credible than the too melancholy role of Elsa in LA PASSANTE DE SANS SOUCI. It is still recited. However, Romy Schneider doesn't have much screen time. Practically, it appears for the first time after 45 minutes from the credits; she, like a wife and a different point of view, comes symbolically with the new year, at midnight. His role is purely supportive. Who really shakes is Lino Ventura. It is the middle-aged Inspector Antoine Gallien who wants to discover the truth, who is aware that his questions are "missiles" to the other party, but does not hesitate. He is an inspector who, having been married three times, is perfectly recognized by the female psyche. He is the one who does not consider his work as a game to play but a real service. Finally, it is a person who does not find it abnormal to sit there on New Year's. Michel Serrault also does a great job expressing fear, particularly in the final scenes of the film. But congratulations to Mr. Ventura. Brilliant! <br /> <br /> As for memorable moments, this is not the kind of film in which this aspect is easily analyzed. The whole film is memorable, must be seen more than once and must be felt with its atmosphere and, which I have not mentioned before, wonderful music. For me, Chantal's and Inspector Gallien's speech is the most brilliant and impeccable moment. You are there with the two characters, you will experience their moods if you deepen what you see. <br /> <br /> GARDE A VUE is a very interesting film, not to be missed for thrill-seekers and art connoisseurs shows. The new year has changed and ... is it easier to open the door now? You'll find out when you decide to watch the film directed by Claude Miller. 8/10
