We Ed Wood fans tend to be an obsessive group in the first place, but this particular film has led me to a fan-dom level that I've never seen before! One of the most intense thrills of non-mainstream cinema adulation - at least for me - is the pleasure of discovering the dark. I remember how, as a teenager, I wanted to see Eddie's "Revenge of the Dead" (a.k.a. "The Night of the Ghouls"), which had been darkened for a couple of decades at that time. Likewise, these arcane low-budget film masterpieces like "A Night to Dismember" by Doris Wishman or half the works of Jesus Franco! However, in recent years we have seen videos and DVDs that make these treasures once unavailable almost TOO accessible - even to those of us on the "wrong" side (!) Of the Atlantic .... <br /> <br /> And then, here, there was "I Woke Up at the beginning of the day I was dying" - a film that SHOULD have been so "great", but that disappeared into the ether even before Fangoria printed the first article long enough on that for the first time tickled my appetite. The 90s NEED a difficult movie to find with which REALLY worth to go hunting: and this, for sure it is .... I don't particularly want to add a comment on all those wonderful aspects of the film - the his still-kitsch-class cast, his haunting but often hallucinogenic images, his wonderful moments of "pure cinema" (in the sense of the French filmmakers of the 1920s) and surrealism, or even his memorable soundtrack - from the moment that everything has been described very eloquently by other users here. <br /> <br /> What I want to mention, in short, is the pleasure I received from hunting for some obscure artifacts related to this almost-lost-for-us -mut-luckily-not-enough film! I think the German video, which I collected while I was in Cologne on a cold winter day, is well known to the followers of Ed Wood now. It is also known that a promotional poster for the film has been published. However, luckily there is more to find !!! First, there are a number of reviews available from the German THEATRICAL version of the film - I used many of these in my translation courses in an attempt to "Woodify" my students ..... some of these reviews are positive praise for the film, artistic value and entertainment - and the most interesting thing of all is that most critics have inserted it directly into the American trash and European art traditions. Secondly, there is the soundtrack of Larry Groupe ', which can be acquired by the man himself - many of the tracks exert a real emotional attraction on the listener, particularly if you are thinking about the "vaulted" state of the film and growing a little melancholy at the same time. Finally - for now - I would like to mention the SOUNDTRACK promo that Cinequanon published in extremely limited numbers. BEG, BORROW, STEAL, KILL or do anything if you can buy one of these !!!!!! Contains 14 tracks from the film, including Eartha Kitt's ballad, "Jesus I Was Evil" by Darcy Clay (two versions are also available on CD from New Zealand, although that's another story!), Beautiful radio music to which Christina Ricci dances, and also those incredible techno drops by Minty and ZHV (the latter is Billy Z's techno band) ..... <br /> <br /> Become obsessed - let Ed Wood dominate the your life.
