This 1998 film was based on a script by the late Edward D. Wood, a script that did not include dialogues in the tradition of films like THE THIEF. While much of Wood's work was bizarre low-budget items in various genre traditions, his first feature, GLEN OR GLENDA, was a truly visionary attempt to express the inexpressible through primitive avant-garde techniques. I WOKE UP EARLY THE DAY THAT I DIED represents THAT part of Ed Wood, the experimenter, even if this film is a comedy (however a nightmare comedy!), While the GLEN O GLENDA cross-dressing theme was taken this way seriously from Wood that there was no room for comedy there. From the first few seconds of this film, I realized that I had been brought into a new film world, and I can't really compare that world with anything else. The technical side of the film - production design, sound design, music scoring, photography, etc. - it is revolutionary on any number of levels. In particular, even if the film does not have "dialogues", there are sounds of all kinds and even "language", but you will have to see how it is done on its own, since the intelligence and the surprise of the methods provide a level of excitement in Worldwide. The Glen or Glenda technique of juxtaposing films for surreal effects works well in the film and is minimized. The entire film is played hysterically, and Billy Zane offers an extraordinary tour-de-force performance that shows how brilliant he is comedian and physical actor. In a just world, he would be awarded a prize for this performance. LOWS also likes Ed Wood, and as interpreted by Zane this character is at times funny, squalid, tragic, sympathetic and anonymous (sometimes simultaneously !!!). Too bad this film was involved in legal problems and never received a North American film or video version, just playing some festivals. At the moment, it is only available for videos in Germany (in fact my copy comes from a German source - extracts from Wood's script that are shown on the screen from time to time are translated into German, although the headlines (which are large the low-cost technique of giving plot elements, especially those that would be too expensive to film, through the headlines is used here in the Wood tradition that Zane sees are in English). I think this movie could have gotten a buzz after being played at midnight in some big cities with some careful promotion. And if you played outside the city slowing down on the art film circuit, you could have done well. In fact, if the legal problems can be solved, I would suggest that the film still needs to be released in the room, especially a "cult" version of MIDNIGHT. This is a classic waiting to be discovered. <br /> <br /> Have I "understood" every scene? No, but I "felt" every scene emotionally. Did everything work in the film? Maybe not. I only saw him twice and the first time I saw him I was interrupted a number of times. However, with all the garbage in the assembly line reproducing multiplexes and with so many "alternative" films that are fetishists or pretentious scraps of film on shot-on-video, we need real experimentation on Hollywood like this. Bob Dylan's recent film "Masked and Anonymous" had similar possibilities to something like Steven Soderbergh's FULL FRONTAL. This film could find a much larger audience than one of these. If you are reading this review in a few years and the idea of ​​this film seems intriguing, see if it was ever released on video. You will NOT be bored. Invite a few friends to ... have a party. Play the incredible LOUD soundtrack. I have the feeling that, wherever he is in the afterlife, Ed Wood is happy with this film and feels as if his unique vision was justified and validated somewhat by the making of this film. Wood is also probably laughing at the fact that, just as he has always had bad surprises in life, the film made in tribute to him after his death is locked up in lawsuits and is unpublished in the country where it was created.
