OK, so I know this movie because of a friend of mine and in fact I visited the set when they were shooting, so from a personal point of view, I was intrigued by finally seeing this little dark gem. If you do research regarding this film, you will find that it is bogged down in legal problems (even over 7 years after being filmed) so if you are like me - then you will do whatever it takes to get a copy. My source? Ebay. About $ 15, but I felt torn because when I received it today by post, it was a very rough and grainy copy of a "SCREENER ONLY" version, complete with annoying mini-time code but, alas, I could still enjoy it but not as much as if I had a correct copy, something I suggest you get if you want the maximum impact that this film can have or not on you. From what I gathered, it was released on DVD in Germany and now in Spain. With that, good luck and happy search / offer ...;). The score / sndtrk is worth alone. Very eclectic and varied (something rare these days IMHO in the film) - I think it will be my next sndtrk / score to localize, but I digress ... <br /> <br /> Now, in the review. The film opens when Billy Zane's character is injecting a nurse into the mental ward where he is apparently locked up. You steal clothes (even shoes) and move quickly to a series of stalls / loans but after escaping with the loot, well, I guess this is where the "plot" begins - inadvertently losing it. After having committed several over-the-top crimes and events of various celebrities from A to C to locate the money, he finds himself somehow in a cemetery where there is a funeral - I think for the deceased who shoots in the loan office / bank, and - even with the police cars of 1950 and the cops who look at him everywhere for ever - is never seen or caught. (He sees daily newspapers that report his "crimes"). I liked that, because it gave the thin plot an extension. After all, it's a FILM (see: fiction) and director Iris Iliopulos does what I think is all possible 1) Complete Wood's vision and 2) Give him an updated look, but get the shots of authentic police cars of the years '50 intertwined with, ahh, local shops LA.99 $ - so my vote so good 9. If the period and the props were authentic - I would have given a 10. Now it wraps it in a strange way and I won't ruin it for anyone , but let's say that the final ending is a bit disappointing for this, for me, it had promise, action and comedy - everything to the end, so ... with EVERYTHING I said - you can transfer a copy of it at your discretion. <br /> <br /> You realize that there are no dialogues (except for storytelling and singing) this could be your alley, maybe not, but I think it's worth looking at. The actors all make good performances and it's just the inconsistency in the pieces of the right period that really made me crave that correction - so I would say absolutely checking this movie because it's not something these studios have released these days (or will be in the future), I'm sure.
