To finally see what many consider the greatest film of women in prison of all time, I felt like I had achieved something as ridiculous as it seems. Boy, it certainly contained the elements I expected and delivered much more. A constant that I am discovering in these films is the harshness and determination of the actresses in the roles of prisoners who are preparing to flee while the threshold, tolerance and determination (not to mention sanity) are tested by their superiors. While most of them have been hired for the way they seem naked, because the nature of the genre requires such free elements, something else emerges, other attributes, such as attitude and courage, to which I eventually respond. <br /> <br /> This, as you may know all too well, was Demme's debut for his mentor Roger Corman, and provides the target audience with exactly what they want, putting its stamp on the proceedings. For example, there are bizarre dreams that certain characters have defined their current psychological states (.. there is a particular number that sees the guard Barbara Steele where Alex de Large reminded me of A Clockwork Orange). <br /> <br /> The film has female prisoners who are planning a daring escape, tired of the crazy crowds of their wheelchair user and his crazy criminal doc, Randolph (Warren Miller). Juanita Brown is Maggie, the tough and impertinent sister who is fed up with the environment and will do everything necessary to get out. It is the only one that all girls fear to cross. Erica Gavin is Jacqueline Wilson, the most recent prisoner who was arrested by the police and convicted of murdering a policeman, unwilling to give up the names of those with whom she was involved. Roberta Collins is Belle, a serial kleptomaniac, Pandora's best friends (Ella Reid). Belle becomes Randolph's obsession that promises Superintendent McQueen (Steele) that he can remove his violent tendencies through a surgical procedure. Juggling her, Randolph takes the nude photos and sodomizes her, moaning like a child because of her own mental deficiencies while hugging her naked body in his arms. Cheryl Rainbeaux Smith is Lavelle, in prison for life for killing a charlatan whose relative was a senator. Lavelle gets a job in Randolph's office and is solely responsible for relating her dirty antics with Pandora. Demme effectively builds the film on the intended end as a planned escape, using those behind the various traumas inflicted on prisoners as hostages, with erupting shots. <br /> <br /> I was very impressed by the photographic work of longtime collaborator of Demme, the director of photography Tak Fujimoto, since he is able to establish some visually interesting moments within the narrow confines of the prison, of the cells and rooms is not an easy task. The prison is appropriately poor and the girls, despite being quite attractive, watch the part of desperate inmates eager, eagerly longing for their own souls, to escape that horrible entrapment. Steele is superb as the guardian, understanding how to take the role near the abyss without going too far, candidly able to express the folly of his repressed character within a moderation ... notoriously how glasses work and settles without doing it blow up especially when certain behaviors have contempt to push her to stagger to the limit. Cale's blues soundtrack is incredibly depressing, and even blinking to the audience that the film is still fun. I think Cale's score reflects Demme's material handling. The collaboration of Cale and Demme is a disturbing alliance that presents the setting as a sad, insulating, oppressive place, while, almost simultaneously, it shows a humorous tone that permeates due to the colored characters thanks in part to the cast personalities. My favorite scene happens outside the prison, as two of our girls (.. joining forces with a third) interrupt a bank robbery already in progress ... the kicker is that it was a bank they were planning to rob ! As one might expect, naked women in showers, prisoners in solitary confinement, clashes, shootings, attempted escapes that go wrong, and other elements of exploitation are obtained (such as a terrifying shock therapy session, to avoid excluding the shocking sequence above where the vicious doc uses Belle). Interestingly, Demme relates the film to the public without a minimum of pretense, understanding exactly what kind of film she was making.
