When I think of "Women in Prison", my mind often goes to the squalid Italian / Spanish productions of directors like Jess Franco and Bruno Mattei; and while these films are often very shabby, they are also very similar and once you've seen one; you might as well have seen them all. I must admit that these types of films are generally not my favorites; but in reality the idea of ​​women behind bars has been done very well on several occasions outside of Italy and Spain; and New World Pictures of Roger Corman is responsible for some of the best of them. Caged Heat is the directorial debut of Oscar-winning director Jonathan Demme, and it is a small film well done and full of fun! Naturally, the film focuses on the story of a girl who is caught committing a crime and sent to a women's prison where she is presented to a host of violent prisoners. This prison is governed by Superintendent McQueen; and is offended by a play performed by girls; leads them to trace an escape route. <br /> <br /> This film is much lighter on the squalid than it is used to a woman in prison. but this is more than compensated for by some great action scenes and dialogues and this is what ensures that Caged Heat becomes fun. It must be said that the plot is not particularly original or ambitious and basically follows a structure similar to many other women in the prison films that came before; but it's not a big problem. The film never gets boring and is studded with extraordinary scenes; including an escape attempt while working in a field and a bank robbery. The film is helped by a sure direction by the man who would go to direct the masterpiece The Silence of the Lambs and a very talented cast with many cues; including the best of all the legendary Barbara Steele in the role of prison chief. Overall, Caged Heat cannot leave the viewer with much to think about in the end; but this is an incredibly fun little grindhouse movie and anyone who loves this kind of movie will definitely want to track it down.
