Jonathan Demme's directorial debut for the legendary exploit outfit by Roger Corman, New World Pictures, is considered one of the best grindhouse classics of the 70s that can reproduce celluloid. Beauteous Russ Meyer, actress Eric ("Vixen", "Beyond the Valley of the Dolls"), Gavin offers a robust and winning performance like a new, resilient and resilient fish that does its best to persevere in a filthy hellish penitentiary. The always fabulous Barbara Steele offers a deliciously evil portrait as the petty, crippled and sexually frustrated guardian (her erotic dream of doing a slow and fluffy striptease in front of inmates is a real dilemma). The long-lasting actress of the '70s, B-movie Roberta ("The Arousers", "Unholy Rollers"), interprets in an exhilarating and captivating way a kleptomaniac felt with joy forward that tells a dirty joke about Pinnochio. Lynda Gold (a.k.a Crystin Sinclaire of "Eaten Alive" by Tobe Hooper and "Ruby" by Curtis Harrington) makes her lively film debut as uninhibited "Wild Alice". And the always cuddling Cheryl "Rainbeaux" Smith makes a beautiful, moving revival of her fragile and frightened role as "Lemora: The Tale of a Supernatural Child". <br /> <br /> Although this image provides the expected large amount of vulgar language, nudity, rape and violence, it is still not a typically coarse and sexist piece of filthy senseless filth; the film very effectively explores the many ways men cruelly exploit women and strongly affirms the feminist notion that women can overcome any obstacle if they join a group in order to bravely confront their misogynist oppressors as a powerful fighting force . The loving kindness of Demme, the confident direction comes from a glorious abundance of incidentally observed incidental details and delicious moments of a particularly eccentric human behavior. Furthermore, both the vibrant cinematography of Tak Fujimoto and the wonderful and painful Bluesball score of John Cale are 100% on excellent money. Patrick Wright (Sheriff Mack in the terrible hideous monster of "creatures of the moon") has a bully-like side like a policeman whose car is stolen by a trio of fugitives when he stops at a gas station to use the bathroom. Lively, fun and immensely fun, "Caged Heat" qualifies as an absolutely essential vision for drive-in movie fans of the 70s.
