The premise for this film was that which focused on the polarization of ideologies in the United States. This was a highly flammable scenario in America where two completely different cultures collided. What justified these depraved actions atrociously? ... While this film presents the scene, (while Hickock and Smith were drinking) these two men were not intoxicated, nor were they under any kind of drug influence !! It was a clear case of cold and calculated deliberation. Basically, these violent acts were the end result of emotional and social abandonment ... At any time, after 1975, we as a nation nurtured an empathy for the deviants who were victimized by their environment ... However, this incident takes place in 1959 !! This terrible revelation swept us away, and bogged the nation into a spiral of conflicting ethics !! With the recent release of the film "Capote" based on Truman Capote, who was the creator of the documentary "In Cold Blood", the American people have cultivated a new fascination for this film !! Robert Blake played the role of Perry Smith, one of the villains in this film ... This is apparently appropriate given the notoriety with which he was involved regarding his personal life !! "In cold blood" centers the element of the inexplicable ... There was no revenge, there was no material gain to be acquired, there was not even any potential for social progress, this is simply an example of latent and insidious belligerent rage that ends surely does not justify the means !! The situational diatribes that Hickock and Smith complained about were always ambiguous !! Given the circumstances, why then should they take their frustrations into an anonymous, unsuspecting and innocent Kansas family? Will Geer (grandfather Walton) plays the lawyer who is disgusted by this act of macabre capriciousness !! His argument is absolutely convincing ... His thesis is: "These two men who have not shown mercy are now asking for your" This is a line of logic that would lead me to issue a verdict of conviction if I were to be one of the jury members !! Absolute disregard for your precarious situation in life does not serve as a justification for orchestrating a capital crime !! It was Capote's instinct that dictated that such an unbalanced act of violence should have been brought to the attention of the American public !! As it turned out, it was a harbinger of things to come .. "In Cold Blood" did just that !! This incident was the calm before the storm related to a relevant aspect of the emergency to the radical 60s !! Such a lethal charade also served as an intuition for isolated interests that would beset many typical Americans for the future !!! <br /> <br /> Truman Capote does a tremendous job of authenticating this wild event with his book, (which was a best seller) and, with this documentary as well ... The acting in this film by Robert Blake and Scott Wilson, as well as people like John Forsythe, was incredible !! The director, Richard Brooks, ("Cat on a Hot Tin Roof", "Blackboard Jungle" "Elmer Gantry" and "Key Largo" to name just a few !!) was exceptional in his collaborative efforts in this film !! I think "In Cold Blood" is one of the best films in the history of cinema !! The film describes two shameful executions of depravity that have disappeared into a theatrical madness, and ended up enchanting a trivial gratification for being recognized nationally pejoratively !! .... This film highlights a psychological discontent that stimulates an emerging group of counter-culture suppliers of violence !! Our nation's ideologies are incredibly different now, compared to when they were in 1959 !! This film introduces the American people into the emotional and vacillating culprits who have initiated such a precarious metamorphosis in our overall value system !! I recommend everyone to see this movie ... "In Cold Blood" was the focal point of the film "Capote"! Think about it, making a movie on a film is a rare and coveted award in Hollywood !! In the case of "In Cold Blood" is an extreme example of a film that is indirectly clairvoyant, intellectually high, and, of course, it is obvious that "In Cold Blood" was absolutely fascinating, as well as absolutely remarkable film !!
