Easily one of the top ten films of the 20th century. In Cold Blood he is brilliant in the simplicity and realism of his narrative, and absolutely compelling. <br /> <br /> Robert Blake leaves with the film. The story seems to be presented almost entirely from Perry's point of view, despite Dick being the leader and the planner of the couple. The observer will invariably perceive Dick as more unstable, immature and will generally feel as if Perry had not been dragged into this nightmare, but for Dick and his need to be someone and bring out a great result. <br /> <br /> Based on a true story with a focus on accuracy, In Cold Blood depicts the story behind the brutal and senseless murder of a rural Kansas family on a cold and windy night, because Dick bought an ancient rural myth about the rich farmers who have a safe house full of money. As a "prosecutor" (a character who is not given a name in the script), played by Will Geer, so cunningly points out, their lives are bought for only $ 10 apiece. Director Richard Brooks wisely chooses not to share with us the gruesome details of the murders until the end of the film, before we know only that it happened and watch Dick and Perry's lives slowly unraveling as they try to escape not only being arrested by law enforcement, but also the ever-increasing sense of Perry's feeling of imminent death. He makes repeated comments, "Nobody ever gets by with such a thing" and "I can't help but think that we left something behind what belongs to us". Dick is neither mature nor moral enough to feel an irresistible guilt for their crime, only irritation for Perry. In fact, after being captured, it's Dick who breaks first, and suddenly faints when he finally confronts an irrefutable proof that places the two men at the crime scene. I felt a little sorry for Perry from the beginning of the film, and even more, as events progressed, but I only hated Dick. <br /> <br /> The genius of the film is the engaging way in which the played story is set. For a moment we do not think that we are looking at actors portraying characters, but that we are looking at the participants and the real events while they occurred. The plot is inexorable, provocative, the execution time slightly over two hours seems more than a few minutes. <br /> <br /> For those of you who are interested in these things, I noticed a couple of "Goofs" listed here on In Cold Blood's IMDb page are incorrect or exaggerated. Like the "inverted" process, at the beginning of the film, while Dick and Perry cross the bridge to Kansas. To begin with, it's not even a process, the camera is actually positioned in the back seat and the image you see beyond the windshield of the car is real. A large cargo truck located on the left front of Dick's Pontiac creates the optical illusion that they are going backwards because it travels at a greater speed, but a closer look will reveal that they are really going forward and it is a real shot from a vehicle in movement. <br /> <br /> As I said earlier, this is one of the ten best works of 20th century cinema, not recommended for young people due to a course language and implicit and inferred violence a modern film would appeal to), but an absolutely excellent film.
