The real crime story at the heart of In Cold Blood might seem a bit "domesticated" to those who hang on to classic serial killer stories (Gein, Bundy, Dahmer), or just to Hollywood's best-known cases (OJ, Manson ). The essential facts in the case are not something terribly complicated: Perry Smith and Dick Hickock (played here respectively by Robert Blake and Scott Wilson) met for a bit of luck, they conspired to rob a safe man's farm in Kansas, and after killing a family of four with a rifle and a dagger came out with $ 43. Apart from their return to the United States after having fled briefly in Mexico, there is not even much mystery about the resolution. They were seized by an ironic opportunity (a policeman followed them and stopped them for a stolen car after Smith and Hickcock helped a boy and his old man collect the bottles for the rest), and condemned to hang by the neck until to death. The story ended in 1965. <br /> <br /> But it is the management of history, the moments of confrontation, the performances, a pure cinematic touch that Brooks and his absolutely wonderful (the fine / great) DP Conrad Hall provides in widescreen in black and white and a narrative style that seems realistic without going too far into naturalism or too much melodrama (except perhaps for the end, which is perfect for sound). The air of tragedy hangs over history, and not so much because of the killings themselves, no matter how brutal they are as the "third" man who is evoked, as the narrator observes, by Smith and Hickcock who collaborate, but because of the inevitability of history. You feel somehow for these criminals, who in other hands would be just conventional figures or something of a B-movie. These are not good people, but they are not necessarily monsters, at least to the end. <br /> <br /> It is also an excellent "road-movie" when we see Smith and Hickcock on the way down to the residence of Clutter (the current late night crime scene in the film), then in Mexico, then back to America to Las Vegas. We will succeed in immersing ourselves in the personality of these two, probably even more than that of the police detectives who at first have no leads and then finally take a break with an inmate. It is actually quite disturbing to approach these two (a bit like the aimless quality of the Malick's Badlands characters), and it is also a sign of audacity for the period. There is no sermonization, as "he did this because of this and this or that". We see how Smith had an abusive and psychotic father, but Smith loved and hated him. The complexity is too much for the film, maybe too much for the book by Capote (which, I should confess, I still have to read, even if I'm going to do it). And we see that Hickcock is a slick security creature (ie getting the seed and other things with wrong controls), but without any explanation rooted at all. <br /> <br /> The fatalism strip in In Cold Blood is one of the most severe of the 1960s, and it is Brooks's luck to have his stars like Blake in his top-of-the-pops performance (this and Lost Highway, strangely considering his real life in recent years, his quintessential pieces of work), and Wilson's innovation before becoming a character actor. While they are surrounded by excellent support work, they themselves are strangely absorbed, driven more or less by greed and escapist fantasies, and remain quite rooted in their situation through death row and through their ends. Is this the moral of the story, if there were one, that it is more horrible to face the possibility that those who kill cannot be classified, between good and evil that get dirty? Smith apologized for his crime before he was hanged, and points out "but to whom?" This is a story destined to give the most hardened fans of real crime the thrills in good faith, and it is probably the best American film of 1967.
