Criminals Perry Smith and Richard "Dick" Hickock believe that Mr. Clutter of Holcomb, Kansas keeps a large amount of money in his hand in a safe. On November 15, 1959 at two o'clock in the morning they end up killing Mr. and Mrs. Clutter and their teenage son and daughter. After a small police investigation the two men are found and sentenced to be hanged. In Cold Blood (1967) is directed by Richard Brook. Now, I haven't read the Truman Capote novel on which this film is based, so I can't make comparisons. The film does a great job recounting those horrible events that actually took place. Robert Blake is as good as Perry. Of course, Blake had his murder case a few years ago, accused of killing his wife. He's free now, but we still don't know the truth. Whatever it is, he's still a very fine actor. Scott Wilson does an amazing job like Hickock .John Forsythe is as formidable as Alvin Dewey. Paul Stewart is as good as Jensen. Jeff Corey is as wonderful as Mr. Hickock. It's a story with Charles McGraw playing Tex Smith. John McLiam plays Herbert Clutter, Ruth Storey is his wife Bonnie, Brenda Currin is daughter Nancy and Paul Hough is son Kenyon. Great work by each of them. There is a lot to remember from this movie. Let's start with the lighter side. It's nice when Perry wants to go gold hunting in Mexico and he tells Hickock: Remember Bogart in Treasure of the Sierra Madre? "And Blake himself was in that movie as a boy! And it's a fun time when, giving a ride to that boy and his grandfather, they collect bottles and deliver them for the money back. These darkest moments are the most disturbing. The sequence of flashbacks, where the murders are seen to happen, is extremely terrifying. When Perry goes to kill the girl, Nancy last, and she says "Oh, please, don't do it" ... Man's brutality, it's impossible to explain "Then the suspended scene. First goes Hickock and then Perry, first talking to the minister. In the last picture of the film we see Perry hitting the rope. Safe movies, and the books can try to sympathize with these bad guys. Especially the character of Perry is someone you might be sorry about, think of his mom and dad whom he hates, but still loves. But it doesn't change the fact that both of these actors portray brutal murderers, who don't feel sorry for anyone. to and kill an entire family, in cold blood. How can you sympathize with these people?
