Having matured, my passion for the Academy Awards has evolved from intense interest to casual fun. As in some other comments I have written, the bizarre results of the Academy Award vote are often difficult to explain. The omission of "In Cold Blood" in 1967 as one of the five best nominated films is one of those inexplicable instances, especially when one of the nominations that year went to the wretched and unwatchable "Dr. Dolittle". While only an insomniac or a masochist tune into that disaster of Rex Harrison, Richard Brook's powerful adaptation of Truman's non-novel novel retains its ability to capture the viewer's attention and leave it completely drained by the final fade. While there is nothing particularly graphic or creepy on the screen, the film is definitely adult material. Based on a Nebraska multiple murder in the 1950s and shot in the real places where the murders took place, "In Cold Blood" was shot by the black and white master of photography Conrad Hall, and his screen compositions require be seen in their correct widescreen proportions. Along with Quincy Jones's disturbing score, Hall's work should have been attributed to the title with Brook's script as the three pillars on which this intense film is built. Performance is also good. Scott Wilson has a cold charm and an intense intrusion of Robert Blake as the two murderers. (There is an internal joke at one point when Blake talks about Bogart and "The Treasure of the Sierra Madre" while the duo is driving in Mexico, while Blake sold the lottery ticket to Bogart in that John Huston movie. film, like the book, is decidedly inclined towards the killers and has an anti-capital inclination, even if the inexorability of the killers somehow denies that feeling despite the final scenes difficult to watch. Some have criticized the film for concentrating on the criminals, their backgrounds and their lives, while the Clutter family, who was literally murdered in cold blood in the middle of the night, comes across unimportant one-dimensional characters.This lack of balance comes from the book when Capote spent much time with the two murderers while they were on death row, apparently the Clutter family was not studied at the same depth, however, whatever the feeling that you can have in favor or against the death penalty, "In cold blood" will leave you immersed in conflicting thoughts. Make a double bill with "Dead Man Walking" and you may not talk for days.
