In 2006, "In Cold Blood" - a thrilling 1967 thriller - has two new interesting contexts that were unprecedented. The first, and most chilling, is the fact that the star, Robert Blake, was recently tried for killing his wife. Second, the recent Oscar-winning biopic, "Capote" showed the confused story of this author, the true triumphant of the real crime, Truman Capote. These two new twists make the film punctual for a modern audience. <br /> <br /> As an independent film of his era, "In Cold Blood" is first-rate in every sense. Worthy of note is the extraordinary black and white cinematography of Conrad Hall (later the fame of "American Beauty" and "Road to Perdition"). Many of the photos of this film of the Kansas farmhouse at night or of the country tree-lined streets could be sold as fine art photographs. Combined with Brooks' direction and superb montage in the early scenes (where we see the trivial daily life of the innocent family that is going to be senselessly broken down beautifully intertwined with the plot of the two unfortunate murderers), a rich meditative atmosphere is created that places bases for a compelling suspense (even when everyone knows how it will turn out due to the fact that everything is based on real life events). It is also nice to see in this day and age how a brilliant script can be represented where the graphic scene of the act is transmitted to the viewer in a subliminal way with a drop of blood shown on the screen. <br /> <br /> The film is also well anchored by the disturbing performances of Robert Blake as the most likable and senselessly brutal side of the murderous duo. The flashback scenes of his horrible childhood are extremely well done. Then there is the scene towards the end of the film in which he is speaking to the reverend before being sent to the gallows and makes his last "confession" so to speak. It is one of those classic moments in the film that is a perfect combination of feisty acting, superb writing, perfect direction and disturbing photography. I challenge you to erase from your mind the bare image of the reflection of the rain from the window that runs on Robert Blake's pale face instead of tears. <br /> <br /> The only thing that hinders "In Cold Blood" is the slow moving median act in which the killers are on the run and the forced nature of social commentary in the end. The petty political message on the death penalty is secondary to his convincing representation of the mad killers and their prey.
