Although it was released way back in 1967, IN COLD BLOOD still remains the reference point for which all real-criminal films are paired. Veteran writer / director Richard Brooks (ELMER GANTRY) has adapted the non-fiction book Truman Capote into a chilling docudrama that retains a disturbing power even today, thirty-five years later. <br /> <br /> Robert Blake and Scott Wilson portray Perry Smith and Dick Hickock, two former inmates who, at the suggestion of Hicock's old cellmate Floyd Wells, burst into Holcomb's Kansas home to Herbert Clutter , looking for a secure wall containing $ 10,000. But a safe was never found, and instead the two men ended up killing Mr. Clutter, his wife and their two children, escaping with only a radio, binoculars and a bad dollar. Two months of escape, including an aimless "vacation" in northern Mexico, ended in Las Vegas when the police captured them in a stolen car. But in the end it comes out, after ruthlessly screaming with the Kansas law enforcement, that these two men committed that odious crime at Holcomb. Tried and convicted of four counts of murder, they are in prison for five years of appeals and denials until both are hanged to death on April 14, 1965. <br /> <br /> Blake and Smith are absolutely chilling like the two dispassionate killers who show no remorse for what they did, but are worried about getting caught. Even John Forsythe makes a good breakthrough as Alvin Dewey, the chief detective investigating the crime, as does Gerald S. O'Laughlin as his assistant. In a tactic that is both faithful to the book of Capote and a good artistic maneuver all around, Brooks does not show the murders at the beginning; instead, it shows the two assassins approaching the Clutter house as the last light goes out, then cuts the next morning and the terrifying discovery of the bodies. Only during the trip back to Kansas, when Blake is questioned by Forsythe and tells the story, we see the real horror of what happened that night. We don't see much blood shed in these scenes, but we don't need it. The explosions of the shotgun and the horrified look on the faces of the Clutters as they know they are about to die are more than enough disturbing, so there is no need to resort to explicitly bloody violence. <br /> <br /> Brooks wisely filmed in COLD BLOOD in black and white, the results are excellent thanks to the experience of Conrad Hall. Quincy Jones's chilling jazz score is the caper. The end result is one of the most disturbing films of all types ever made, devastating in its own low-key fashion. This is a 134-minute study of a crime that has shaken an entire state and indeed an entire nation, and should be seen, even if the viewer's discretion is advised; the "R" rating is there for a reason.
