For anyone with moderate sensitivity, a moderate feeling of the human and human condition, for anyone who is able to overcome Hollywood, for anyone who is satisfied seeing a cinema that does not have a series of Seagals / Willis / Van Dammes that blow up the brain from anyone or seeing who goes to bed with whom, for anyone whose intellectual level reaches the ability to grasp, sympathize, understand, laugh WITH, cry with a tender and natural heart, hilarious compassionate HUMAN BEINGS, "Le Huitième Jour" is waiting for you. Jaco van Dormael did not simply make a masterpiece, which would have been too simplistic; has created one of those rare monumental works in the world of cinematography that challenges all types of encapsulation. Is it a drama? Is it a comedy? No: it's the story of Georges, a wonderful wonderful pitiful, ridiculous and loving, beautiful frightened personality, a victim of Downes syndrome. It is a story that makes you laugh through tears, but this is not one of those classic tears; this film moves through a world that immediately mixed your feelings of compassion or pity or even shame with those of admiration, warmth and even love. A successful banker, Harry, meets Georges: both go in opposite directions with absolutely opposite ideas, problems and priorities; skillfully van Dormael dissolves these two unlikely men in a warm friendship, but that is much more than the good friendship of those who have a beer down the street. This is a relationship that develops into a profound need on both sides. The cuasi-surrealist scenes fit perfectly: Georges remembers (or invents) scenes from the past of his life while he dreams or sleeps every day; even the almost phantasmagorical final scene is completely correct. The only scene that could be considered a bit out of place is when they steal a bus and take it out of the showrooms. However, this does not detract from the whole. This film is a monument. Even if your French is not by far, please show it with subtitles. "Le Huitième Jour" is worthwhile. As for anything else, well, just read the following comments ?? I get along with all of them. This film is a joy, it is majestic, it is unique. If you saw "Rain Man" which I consider an excellent film, you have to see this: it is far superior because it does not have the superficial patina of the famous world famous Hollywood actors; does Pascal Duquenne and Daniel Auteuil ?? Oscar TEN for these two and another three for Jaco van Dormael. Who cares????????? Yes: 11 out of 10 if the IMDb ranking does not break under the effort. <br /> <br /> Magnifique! Chapeau!
