This film has all the dimensions and grandeur of many of the great biblical epics of the 50s and 60s. But it is also perhaps the first that really humanizes the biblical characters themselves. The best thing is that it doesn't reduce them in the viewer's eyes. This is a unique and irresistible balance that helps us to understand that even fantastic people like David are imperfect people who find their faith and their greatness in facing their faults. <br /> <br /> The actors are all top notch in the Gilbert movie Barnett is David's second son, Absolom, up to the wonderful Susan Hayward as Bathsheba. Hayward is at his best in this film. His style of sincere but greater acting of life is quite at home here. She is always the seductress, but she plays the role in a way that sympathizes with her. <br /> <br /> Raymond Massey does a great job as a prophet Nathan. As a child, when I first saw the film, it seemed that Massey had really conversed with the Lord himself and it was a fantastic show. Undoubtedly helped also by the great music composed by the always surprising Alfred Newman who also had great successes in other epic biblical films like "The Robe" and "The Greatest Story Ever Told" along with maybe even 100 other films! Leon Shamroy's cinema photography is well done and adds to the dimension but also to the intimacy of the film. Henry King, a truly underrated director who like William Wyler never really took the pigeon in any genre, brings together a larger production of life that never loses sight of the love story between David and Bathsheba and the deep struggle of David with his faith in God. The film's journey in this film could have been a lot of fun, but King keeps it real and interesting to the end. Furthermore, we never lose the sense of mystery in trying to understand the will of God, just as David himself is struggling with it. From the first scene in which a soldier dies trying to save the ark from destruction. David is not satisfied with Nathan's answer, (paraphrase) that no one can understand the will of God. This is the journey we take until the powerful ending in which David is finally confronted with himself. <br /> <br /> Finally this film belongs to Gregory Peck who is as wonderful as King David. His David is a man who can be believed to ruthlessly dominate a country, but was once a faithful psalms singer. This is one of his best interpretations. <br /> <br /> I don't see this movie on television anymore, but when I do I never stop watching it. I think it still holds up very well today.
