Is there no shortage of bad dialogues in David and Bathsheba ?? "I was quite a hand with a slingshot," "The King of all Israel out there in the dark exposing himself to the enemy" (fully to Dennis Hooey for delivering the one with the straight face), "Go and sit with the concubine" . And somehow I doubt a bored David ever told the prophet Nathan "Whatever you say". He will even try the old "My kingdom doesn't understand me" routine about a desperate housewife, at one point Bathsheba. So it is probably a tribute to the direction of Henry King that the film is not bad at all, despite the pitfalls that much of the first third provides. Perhaps it is the censoring nature of the plot? a married man kills the husband of a femme fatale and gets along! ?? but King brings out the growing moral and theological complexities in Phillip Dunne's script rather than raising the hokum of sin and sandals. This is the conflicting David on the descent, abandoned by a vengeful God who no longer understands, and the film does not move away from embarrassing questions about why a loving deity would choose to take revenge on the innocent rather than the guilty. It even offers a very surprising criticism of the sexual inequality of the law, in which husbands' failures translate into the punishment of their wives. <br /> <br /> Unlike King David, who put the king aside in favor of the more interesting Interesting Saul, David is firmly at the center of the drama and despite an interesting display of spasms behind him and an exuberant close up close when he visits the site of Saul and Jonathan's death, Gregory Peck's performance grows in stature when David narrows. Susan Hayward is a pure Hollywood professional, Raymond Massey is an appropriately theatrical prophet (why be a naturalist when you have a voice that shakes the skies?) And Uriah by Kieron Moore such an intransigent chauvinist chauvinist that you can't exactly blame David for putting him in danger, but despite threatening to sell the film, the film does not allow David to get out of jail for a death for free. With a surprisingly strong but subdued design and technicolor photography, this is definitely a step above most of the biblical epics of the 40s and 50s. The new Fox DVD is a good transfer, including an incredibly 'candid' short behind-the-scenes and a trailer with short shots taken from the film's only battle scene.
