This film is famous for several qualities: a literal script, for once in a partially religious film, by Philip Dunne, some excellent performances, a first-rate production in every department and his intelligent direction by the veteran Henry King. If you were making a film, then getting talents like Leon Shamroy as director of photography, Lyle Wheeler as art director and Alfred Newman as an original music composer would guarantee quality production. Add the cast of this film, including Gregory Peck and Susan Hayward as the title characters, James Robertson Justice, Raymond Massey, Kieron Moore, Jayne Meadows and John Sutton as well as a Gwen Verdon dance and one might think the resulting film could be turned into something special. But in a biblical subject, usually a sub-genre prone to illogical motivations and miraculous interventions, everything would ultimately depend on the author's abilities. Philip Dunne has provided human beings here, a rare achievement in biblical films. David is a man in this film, multifaceted, not someone who does mythical works on paper in the Old Testament. Gregory Peck makes him curious, passionate, self-controlled, self-deprecating and attractive. Like Bathsheba, Hayward is certainly not the perfect choice, but conveys a good dose of terror of common sense and emotional normality that helps to understand why the king of Israel would risk so much for her. The rest of the cast is brave and capable in turn. The family plot provides them with little to work, but the author Dunne and the cast do as much as possible with human situations. David's youth is told in flashbacks; as he was chosen by a Prophet of Yahweh to be the King of Israel, and he earned his way to be the king's second, Saul, defeating Goliath Phiiistina in battle when everyone else is afraid to carry the giant warrior. Subsequently, he is finally chased from the court of King Saul of Israel, becomes a famous warrior, and returns to reclaim the kingdom and become the instrument of death of Jonathan, the son of the king, already a friend. His wars are successful - the film opens with a successful attack scene; but his life has been empty since his wife Michal, Jayne Meadows, is Saul's daughter and is cold with him. He turns towards Bathsheba, who sees bathing naked from the roof of the palace; later he admits that he had hoped he would see her. But she has a husband, Uria; when she becomes pregnant, it becomes necessary for Uriah to enter from the battlefield and spend time at home; instead, he asks David to put him on the front lines of the battle, even after being excited by the Verdon dance. David agrees. He is killed, a war hero; but this does not solve the question of infidelity. The drought arrives in Israel, and the king's infidelity is blamed for the phenomenon. Eventually, David gets his hands on the Ark of the Covenant, recently brought to Jerusalem and housed in a temple, which caused the death of others who accidentally came into contact with it, inviting his god to punish him - and it does not happen nothing ... David leaves the temple and discovers that the rain has come to his dry land. This film is always interesting, varied in its types of scenes and physically beautiful. The director and the author make use of the principle of the observer and frankly have more success in humanizing the characters than in almost all the films outside the Greek / Near-Eastern canon, in which the enterprise is a little more simple since neither miraculous themes nor religious themes are such adventures. . Well remembered for his luminous realization, his excellent performances and intelligent dialogue, this dramatic effort brings repeated studies.
