Not being a fan of first-person shooters I was very reluctant to play this game. After playing the demo, however, I was sold. "Undying" can really get you into the game and be part of the universe where your character is. You have this green amulet, called "Gel'ziabar Stone" which has special powers and warns you of particular events or things to look at. With a special spell "the scrye" you can see certain things that would otherwise be invisible to you. Walking in a corridor, you suddenly hear the magical stone whisper: "Look", with the stone illuminating for example a painting. And then using the scrye spell you can see some strange and creepy things about the painting. Let me tell you to testify that such a thing is scary to die for. People who expect to finish this game in a few hours can forget it even with the use of tricks. This game is based on the character who uses ingenuity and walks around carefully. Because like in any horror movie your surroundings are usually pretty dark. And the ghosts and monsters appear randomly when you don't expect them and you can kill yourself very quickly. There is this scene where you want to enter a room where you are so forcefully rejected that it takes some time to figure out what happened. This was a scene that could have come straight out of the horror classic "Evil Dead"! Experiencing something similar is a real achievement. There are many elements that bring "Undying" to the level of the best classic horror films ever produced. But unfortunately I have to report that there are some flaws. First, the universe you are playing in is huge. You start in a large villa with all sorts of hidden secret rooms and even a hidden infernal dimension called "Oneiros". This is all right at the beginning. But with all the loading times and some tough enemies in between it can become frustrating. And there is no map. The game requires you to memorize the surrounding environment. So patience is needed. Also there are some puzzles that you must do otherwise you cannot progress. I don't mind jumping on platforms in third-person adventures. But in the first person it can be a tedious task. Fortunately you can save anytime and anywhere. And believe me, you'll need it. Overall "Undying" is an extraordinary first person shooter that deserves to be played by any horror or game fan.
