My scalp still emanates from the coals lit on it when I swore I loved this movie. Bring on the grill; I will walk on them to say again that I love "Fold it like Beckham". Of course, there is a lot of "despite" in that confession. It's a bit like the movie of the week; the script is on the side of the paint by number. And, the most worrying, the director's comment says that in this film beauty is found mainly in the white of the skin. <br /> <br /> The genius of the film is not in what is obvious for Syd Field's doctorate eye: the character's strings, themes, construction. It is in the surface and in what is hidden in depth, but not in those layers of artistic soil that the reviewers seem to scratch more often. Bodies of powerful women, sometimes half-dressed, are not simply on display but kicking the balls of a football do a better job of naturalizing the strength and female agility than Lara Croft or Zhang Ziyi ever do. These are real bodies (except Keira Knightley) whose job is not to look great before and kick in later. They are bodies of work whose beauty is in their movement and self-determination. And, in my book, the lead actress Parminder Nagra is one of the most beautiful creatures ever captured on the screen ?? not only because it can claim that banal, "luminous" adjective, but because its exhibition has an honesty and a contemptuous intelligence that is absolutely irresistible. <br /> <br /> The result is a film that women can try without feeling like they are making a deal with the devil to do it. As in "Bride and Prejudice" by Chadha, relationships between women sizzle with a chemistry that cannot be neatly inserted into the boring categories of "best friends" or "sisters". Perhaps Chadha is even right in his comment to disavow the flirtation of the film with lesbianism. "Bend it Like Beckham" has an electricity that cannot be reduced to the simple hetero / homosexual triangle that its conventionally structured script would suggest. The precise nature of his pleasure is ultimately a bit of a mystery ?? and it is all the more seductive for this. <br /> <br /> Oh yes, and did I say it's fun?
