The saddest thing about this film is that only 8 people wanted to leave a review and NO-ONE considered it useful to leave a comment on the message boards. <br /> <br /> Made the same year as Philadelphia ... Tom Hanks' Oscar winner ... this is the film that people REALLY should have seen and rewarded. There is more humanity, life, love, tenderness and beauty in these two people than any other gay movie I've seen ... and it's all true. <br /> <br /> For this to be printed I need to leave a few more lines of text: suffice it to say that anyone who REALLY wants to know what it means to be gay in the 60s and 70s, and to understand what AIDS was before modern drug cocktails "has allowed people to breathe a little more easily ... this is the movie to see. <br /> <br /> Oh, and I'll add a personal comment on AIDS. Despite everything, actually there was a positive side to all the horror When AIDS first came, it was called "gay cancer" and governments preferred to "let them die" rather than spend a red penny in research to help save a lot of fagots.Then it became clear that AIDS would also be a heterosexual disease, but the government was not ready for it, so even when straight people began to feel sick, the only organizations were associations available to them were those created by same gays (examples: The Names Project: the quilt that stores all those who have died of AIDS, Act Up etc.) The result is that people who probably would never have come into contact with gays in their ordinary lives suddenly found themselves to count on them and to need them, because there were no other organizations. This close contact, in my opinion, is what eventually broke the barriers of prejudice and allowed the hetero world to finally accept gays as equals. When AIDS first arrived on the scene, many of us thought that the hetero world would use it as a way to get even stronger on us ... and that it probably would have been true if the stairs didn't they were suddenly ill; however, the progress made in freeing gays - to the point that, as I write this, there are at least 5 countries in the world that accept gay marriage - these gains would probably have taken much longer without AIDS to bring us together. It's sad to think that all those people - both heterosexual and gay - should die before our common humanity became more obvious - but if what I'm writing here is true, and I think it is - then there is some comfort to be caught realizing that all those people did not die in vain.
