"Dragonlord" sees Chan return to his role as "Dragon" from "The Young Master". Not much, however, was reported in the first film. "Tiger", his older brother, is nowhere to be seen; neither the Marshall, nor his daughter nor his son have superbly played Yuen Biao in the original film. Dragon has the same teacher - presumably all the other students have switched to other things. (Dragon's laziness in training is very much depicted in this film, so maybe he's still studying!) <br /> <br /> Originally titled "Young Master In Love", this film sees Dragon (for the first sixty minutes at least ) that pursues a girl in various ways idiots and slapstick. His rival for his affection is his friend (improperly called "Cowboy") played comically by the long-standing member of Chan Stunt-team Mars. We see various scenes in which their silly schemes turn against each other. It is one of these scenes that (fortunately) we find "Dragon" in the head. <br /> <br /> This film is famous for having failed its box office expectations. Having said that, I'm sure the expectations were quite high and I think this film has never had a fair judgment based on its own merits. But even when I try to do it, I still feel that there is a problem with the film. It seems quite fuzzy, sometimes hasty, and I think the action is too sporadic and not as brilliant as Chan's other work of this period. <br /> <br /> The thing that really saves the film is the final sequence. As in "The Young Master", there is a fantastic final reel full of incredibly exhausting action: you really feel every shot. And again, Chan goes against the same rival of "The Young Master" (is he the same character?), And the moment and the energy here is brilliant. Chan's style of using every part of his environment to help defeat his opponent - not just relying on pure physical ability - is evident here as elsewhere. The barn they fight in is full of clever gags and improvisations. This is an absolute highlight of the film and one of Chan's incredible careers. <br /> <br /> It is not necessary to see the prequel before seeing "Dragonlord", indeed, it may even raise more questions than it hopes to do. answer. But it must be said that the original film is the superior film, and "Dragonlord", with its focus on hunting girls and team sports, seems disconcerting. Fortunately, the few fighting scenes he offers (in addition to a fantastic shooting scene) push him beyond the line like a must-see movie in this genre.
