This film must be seen in the right frame of mind. First, the central father-son relationship makes it quite clear that the film was intended as a prequel to his film Wun Fei Hung "Drunken Master" (ideas from this film recur in "Drunken Master II), and not" Young Master " that Chan withdrew from this plan and renamed the characters indicates that he himself was not convinced that the material was coming together properly and, indeed, the film conveys the feeling of being incomplete, for example, the romantic relationship around which half of the plot turns into a hanging at the end of the film. "Young Master" from the same period also feels subdued, but at least all of its central threads are tied together at the end. This film looks like Chan's struggled with the plot and characters trying to find its central theme, only to abandon the effort, probably because of the time and the budget. <br /> <br /> Or maybe the film is simply too ambitious. This is an important breakthrough film in Chan's career, because he is committed to developing the central character's nt above all other concerns - that's why there is such a lack of kung fu in the film. Chan wants to make a historical romantic comedy that seems to have kung fu. But both the historical element and the romantic element are presented as little more than a plot weave. <br /> <br /> This leaves us with comedy. Since Chan's concern is character development, the play is largely character-driven - as in the conflict between the character of Chan and his best friend, a discussion of a girl. But there is also a lot of slapstick. Frankly, I find the comedy fun enough to forgive the incompleteness of the plot. <br /> <br /> This film represents an effort by Chan to find a valid formula that he can use and develop over time. It doesn't work, and Chan will find this formula only after he has abandoned the historical elements of his previous films, with the creation of the contemporary action comedy "Police Story". But going back to see this film is still very instructive about how Chan made his way into the historical genre, and perhaps why he abandoned it.
