Although Louis B. Mayer apparently was not interested in signing the young Greta Garbo on a contract, this first American and MGM movie for the actress seemed pretty good. It is obvious that the film has been given an incredible talent for filming the production and creating opaque paintings, given that it has all the smoothness and craftsmanship that is expected of the best photos the studio could produce. It looks simply beautiful - even 84 years later. <br /> <br /> As for Garbo herself, like her first American films, she too looks different. While it is quite recognizable, her makeup is much softer than it would have become only a year later - giving it a less severe appearance and a kindness about her that you have not seen in subsequent films. I wanted them to have kept this look, but considering how famous she was with her brand look, who am I to say that they shouldn't have gone that way ?! The film is about Garbo and how she and her family are unjustly forced out of their land by the owner. While the hostess, the acclaimed Doña Bernarda, claims that it is because the bank has requested payment, it is because her son fell for Garbo - and what better way to get rid of her than to force them on the streets! Beautiful lady, eh? Years pass and now Garbo has become a new singer famous all over the world. When he returns home years later, his old boyfriend (whom HAD had promised to marry her, but complained when his mother, Doña Bernarda, refused to accept him) sees her. His new love for another woman is now tested: will he be content to marry this lady who is the heir to a huge pig fortune or will he want his old flame? And more importantly, will Garbo take it even after he has behaved like this without a spine? Meanwhile, it hits a huge storm. The earth begins to flood and the houses are soon swept away by the flood. Cortez and a friend make a mad dash as the dam breaks! In a scene in which they evidently superimposed his rowing boat on the cascading stream, he eventually manages to get out alive and in the house where Garbo is now. He welcomes them in and stays with her until the storm passes. Then, he admits that he still loves her and challenged the storm to make sure she was safe. She tells him to get lost! Then, see Ricardo about to marry his second choice, the pig king's daughter. Obviously he has little enthusiasm for this - and you feel sorry for the lady, since he didn't do anything wrong. Soon, Cortez is seen wandering around Garbo's house - he is sick of love and needs her. In this scene, Garbo is quite bright and cannot tell him to leave - as they dissolve into each other's arms. Once again, he tells her of his love for her. <br /> <br /> When Doña Bernarda finds out about this, she is not happy. Evidently, a pig queen is a better hold than an internationally renowned singer. Because of the intrusion of this unpleasant old lady, Garbo leaves, not wanting to get in between his mother and his skimpy son. But, Cortez rushes in - announcing that he MUST have her and that he won't stop until she has him as his wife. Moments after making this announcement, a family friend talks to Cortez and convinces him to leave her for the sake of his career and reputation. Just to "not rest until he has it for his wife", eh?! Although Cortez is perfect at nothing, for some reason he can't hate him. And so, he marries the Pig Queen and lives a very boring life. When, years later, Garbo meets Cortez again, he is a dull-looking middle-aged man - while beautiful as always. And, not surprisingly, she tells him, once again, to get lost. <br /> <br /> At the time this film was shot, Garbo was not a star in the United States and Cortez was a star. In light of this, it is surprising that they gave Cortez such an unlikely character to interpret. Instead of the usual and confident role that Valentino had given him, here he is, an indecisive whimper, a huge imbecile. And from here on, his career was in a slow spiral. As for Garbo, the role helped to make it a big star - as he was at the center of the film and played a character very similar to that of his later personas. <br /> <br /> As for the film, the new music composed because it was very beautiful, even if a little repetitive. The press, strangely, was almost perfect everywhere except for the subtitle cards - which could use some restoration. <br /> <br /> A very funny film - cleverly built, melancholy and worth seeing. And, for one of the few times I can think of it, I have no complaints in this excellent film.
