The young and bored and unhappy Zandalee (a captivating and vibrant performance of the beautiful brunette Erika Anderson) feels trapped in a stale and loveless marriage with the failed poet and the decent and boring businessman Thierry Martin (a solid and credible Judge Reinhold's interpretation). Zandalee has a torrid adulteress with the superb and arrogant artist Johnny Collins (delightfully interpreted by Nicolas Cage's slimy grip). Can the relationship between Thierry and Zandalee be saved? Or will everything go to pieces and go to seed? Director Sam Pillsbury and screenwriter Mari Kornhauser stretched out on the tiring soap opera-style histrionics as they tried to tell a serious and insightful story of the desire that went mad and its potentially dangerous consequences; the plot passes gloriously from the tracks into the ridiculous histrionic third of the last. The dialogue is equally exhilarating and vulgar (example line: "I want to shake you naked and eat you alive"). Better yet, this film certainly offers a lot of tasty female nudity (the beautiful Anderson statuary seems to smoke hot in the buff) and sparkling semi-pornographic soft-core scenes (Johnny and Zandalee do the dirty deed in a confessional culminating steam point ). The tart'n'tangy setting of New Orleans adds an extra touch to the already humid process. With his long black hair and disheveled, fat mustache, dirty mouth and coarse manners, Johnny di Cage is a real hoot like the single most unpleasant "romantic" that leads to pass on celluloid. The cast deserves props to act with admirable sincerity: Anderson, Cage and Reinhold all do respectable work with their parts, with the excellent support of Joe Pantoliano as the cheerful and brazen gay friend Gerri, Viveca Lindfors in the role of the wise mother and sensible of Lory, Tatta, Aaron Neville the likeable bartender Jack and Steve Buscemi as a funny and shamelessly shameless thief. The clear and brilliant cinematography of Walt Lloyd gives the image an attractive and bright appearance. Similarly, the harmonious soundtrack of Pray for Rain strikes the same way. A delightfully campy and seamy tumult.
