I saw "New York: I Love You" today and I loved it! I couldn't wait to see him after seeing 'Paris je t'aime' and overall I think I liked it a lot more ... Maybe I need to watch 'Paris je t'aime' again, I don't know .. I read some reviews here on NY: ILY and yes, the film is not without flaws. When you pay tribute to a city like New York - it can become quite overwhelming and nothing seems fair enough to do justice to the city ... so without going into the shortcomings of the film, I'll write only what I have <br /> <br /> Unlike of "Paris je t'aime" in which each director's short film was correctly segmented and titled, NY: ILY is not and many reviewers here have found the continuity of the stories and the overlapping of characters here annoying and even confused. I thought differently. I loved the way the stories came one after the other and I especially liked the overlap of characters - it could be misleading because it was done so often in movies now. But I still liked it because I didn't find it forced. And the idea that we are all connected in the end has a melancholy, even extravagant quality - that some may find trivial but I find beautiful. <br /> <br /> I liked all the movies but what touched me the most was Yvan Attal's Robin Wright Penn and Chris Cooper. It was so well acted and scripted that the revelation at the end - again unused in the past - brought me to tears and I was crying for the whole segment that followed. I've always liked Wright Penn and I'm also a fan of Chris Cooper. Those precious first seconds in which he stands alone outside the restaurant, just before he gets the call - they talk a lot about Cooper's ability to convey a character just by staying there without saying anything. <br /> <br /> Most of the stories in this film involve characters who meet for the first time or who have recently met only with the exception of 4-5 stories in which the characters have known each other for a long time . It seemed to me (and I could be wrong) that the stories were different but they were all trying to take the point home, the need also, to take a step back and see in a new light the people and things we knew in our lives for a lot of time; see the people and things around you with the eyes of a stranger and appreciate them as you did when you met them and saw them for the first time. <br /> <br /> The other films I liked were Shunji Iwai's with Orlando Bloom and Christina Ricci, Natalie Portman's with Carlos Acosta and Taylor Geare, Brett Ratner's with Anton Yelchin and Olivia Thirlby, of Shekhar Kapur with Julie Christie, Shia LaBeouf and John Hurt and once again of Yvan Attal with Ethan Hawke and Emilie Ohana when they are at the bar. I really need to see more work by Yvan Attal since he seems very nice to me! <br /> <br /> In general, watch this movie with an open mind. Don't read the reviews before looking at them! It may not live up to your expectations of what a movie about and about love in New York should be and I doubt that any film can really live up to that concept. Just watch this movie to listen to good music, a beautiful landscape cinematography, a little dressing room comfort and a story or two that could simply pull the strings of your heart.
