New York, I Love You finally arrives on our shores, but its 10 love stories somehow haven't found a sufficient reason to be published on Valentine's, probably because this year's festival also falls in the lunar new year, and with this comes the usual LNY hit movies, like Jackie Chan (no, not The Spy Next Door) and local director Jack Neo, who has traditionally released his latest film at that time until its resounding success. So why set a formula that hasn't been broken? <br /> <br /> Continuing the concept in which Paris, Je T'aime had begun to generate the Franchise City of Love (Shanghai will be next, so says the end of the end credits here), the buzz here is certainly about the intertwined stories set in one of the cities of the world to allow various interpretations by the directors of everything to create stories based on love as a theme, even if someone probably forgot to tell Scarlett Johansson some of the best points of the rules basic sandbox, and his short film was removed without too many ceremonies from the theatrical edition for not being able to adapt to everything else (well, it was shot in black and white), but we hope it would be at least on DVD. <br /> <br /> Structurally, this series is less compartmentalized than its predecessor, which if I need memory has had individual stories set in its borders and never really come out of its artifice created borders. Here is given a little more margin, in which the characters of various stories interact in short fill segments used to connect the scenes together, and not just relying exclusively on shots taken of buildings and landscapes, in the hope of making things seem a little more serendipito with the idea of ​​casual encounters between strangers, even if a story has cleverly adopted this mentality for its own narrative to offer a surprise, even if already seen in Paris. <br /> <br /> One of the best projects to sit through a film like this, is definitely the creative forces behind the stories, from writers, directors and filmmakers of various geographies and backgrounds that reflect the make-up of the cosmopolitan city, which is unite for a conceptual film. And what else there is also the star cast, with big names among the lesser-known ones that have raised the stakes through the perfect performances, both for the entire length of the short, and as a support on which to build. The initial observation of the stars in recognizing the notables cannot be denied, from Irrfan Khan to Natalie Portman (who also had writing and directing duties), Rachel Bilson (similar to Bardot) to Spielberg's blue-eyed boy, Shia LaBeouf, which surprisingly can recites, and shows more in its few minutes here than its entire filmography to date. <br /> <br /> History wise, like any anthology, you will find some that attract you automatically, and with others who wear 't. Some are simple in nature, while others have to invent twists that fortunately worked. But these 10 plus 1 stories (because Randall Balsmeyer had the task of integrating everything together for a more organic touch instead of just shooting shots of lesser-known areas and established landmarks) somehow lacked the "all right" spirit of the his predecessor, with stories more rooted in reality, compared to some fantastic elements of the previous film (Elijah Wood's alliance with a vampire anyone?), or even less adventurous with his narrative style (that of Christopher Doyle and Tom Tykwer with Natalie Portman). Here it seemed that the filmmakers opted a lot for security, without anyone venturing into that spirit of adventure and experiment. <br /> <br /> Minor quibbles aside, I still enjoyed almost all the short films here, contrary to what many others have heard about it. The format of the short film is still very much alive, and having put them together in a function under the banner of the City of Love works well, and left me wondering which other cities are or have been included in its lineup. I hope perhaps the franchise will take hold and spread its influence here. We certainly have enough prolific filmmakers to put together a Singapore, I Love You, so here I cross my fingers that maybe something will materialize along the way. Otherwise there is always the Sawasdee Bangkok route to do it without any attachment to the house franchise rules.
