When I was born, this TV series was the number one series of T.V !! America has embodied the enterprise of the country of fatted calves with great ambitions, unlimited potential and a very comfortable economy !! After a great Sunday dinner, why not sit back and watch "Bonanza", IN COLOR !!! This homemade western evokes an American tradition that accompanies the complacency of the typical American family during the era in which it was seen .. The breathtaking cinematography of Lake Tahoe symbolized an infinite prosperity of the emerging American culture !! Western movies were so popular that Western television series followed suit !! This was a period in our country that wanted a concise reflection on our country's struggle for survival !! The final result of the trials and tribulations at the Ponderosa Ranch, as demonstrated in this series, has unleashed the awareness that now the Americans are fully enjoying the fruits of Cartwright's laborious work !! <br /> <br /> The TV Show "Bonanza" was popular for so many different reasons, especially due to the fact that the late fifties and early sixties had not yet established the division of two different cultural mentalities who were ready to emerge with our nation! The unification of the ideologies in the United States that prevailed during the debut of "Bonanza" was a great reason for the success of the show !! In the last years of the show, "Bonanza" had established a market television audience strongly rooted in the market !! The cast of "Bonanza" became famous, and the healthy entertainment of "Bonanza" included a camaraderie for the All-American idealist !! Everyone liked "Bonanza" and many Americans loved it! Reflecting on rough and crumbling family values ​​is the favorite past time of many Americans, and the TV show "Bonanza" was perfect for that mood !! I really enjoyed the show, and most people know it well !! Of course, my whole family loved "Bonanza" !! This show was one of the all-time American classics in television history !!
