"Cinderella" is one of the most loved of all Disney classics. And it truly deserves its status. Based on the classic tale told by Charles Perrault, the film follows the trials and tribulations of Cinderella, a good girl who is abused by her wicked stepmother and equally unlikely stepsisters. When a real ball is held and all the suitable young women are invited (read: the King wants to convince the Prince to marry), Cinderella is left at home while the stepmother takes her horrible daughters with her. But there is a Fairy Godmother on hand ... <br /> <br /> The story of "Cinderella" alone would not be able to extract a function, therefore, while generally remaining true to history, the Random enough characters from the animals that the Fairy Godmother uses to help bring the title character to the ball become the true companions of Cinderella. The Jaq and Gus mice are the main companions and their nemesis is the cat of the stepmother Lucifer. Their antics generally intertwine with the main plot of the fairy tale, and are for the most part marvelous. Of course, the film slows down a bit between the main characters' introduction and just before the stepsisters get away for the ball, but after this slowdown, the film really and surprisingly resumes (since "Cinderella" is the most consummate story of all the times, probably) ends up as one of the most engaging Disney stories. <br /> <br /> Animation and art direction are lovely. All the legendary Nine Old Men animated on this image, and the style of colors and conceptual art of Mary Blair (she also created concept art and color styling for "Alice in Wonderland", "Peter Pan", "The Three Caballeros "and many others) manage to squirm on the screen. The colors and designs are adorable, especially in the fairy Godmother and in the ball scenes, as well as in those little moments here and there. <br /> <br /> Overall, "Cinderella" is considered one of the best Disney fairy tales - stories and is recommended to young people and all that embodies the Disney philosophy that dreams can really come true.
