Walt Disney and his 9 Old Men gave their 1950s spin to the classic tale of Cinderella, which I imagine could be said to help form an unofficial "princess fairy tale trilogy" from the classic Disney years. <br /> <br /> THE PLOT: Cinderella is a good girl who can't take a break. She is the daughter of a beautiful and rich widow who loved her dearly, but her mother died when Cinderella was very young, and Cindy's father felt that he needed a mother figure, so he eventually married the woman who would become known as Lady Tremaine, herself a widow with two daughters of the same age as Cinderella, Anastasia and Drizella. At first they all seemed to get along, but then Cinderella's father died and the true nature of Lady Tremaine was revealed - she was a cold, cruel, insensitive, heartless, carefree woman, and passed those traits to her daughters, who they were ruined, bratty and equally petty. Anastasia and Drizella hate Cinderella because they know that she is more beautiful and a more beautiful woman, more attractive than them (ie, more attractive to men), and their mother, Lady Tremaine, hates Cindy for the same reasons. Over the years Lady Tremaine has begun to squander family fortunes in a stubborn but useless quest to improve / sharpen her unattractive daughters (calling them "housewives" would be an insult to housewives around the world) while all three they relegated Cinderella to be the multi-tasking servant of the house, abusing her, mistreating her and humiliating her with all the possibilities they get (they are particularly fond of increasing her already absurd workload). This leads us to Cinderella in the present, where she turned into a good-looking young woman who somehow manages to keep a good heart and kindness despite her abusive passing family and clings to the hope that one day the tables they will turn into his favor. <br /> <br /> Cinderella gets her stroke of freedom and happiness when holding a real ball to present the local prince to a young eligible girl so that she can take her as a wife, settle down, start a family, etc. Naturally, her passing family tries to prevent her from attending, even going so far as to physically attack her and tear off the dress she had procured herself (with a little help from her mice friends - the dress belonged to her biological mother). Finally pushed past his breaking point, Cinderella runs into the yard and cries in despair. It is at that point that his Fairy Godmother, a short, plump and cheerful woman, arrives and provides Cinderella with a carriage and a transformed dress (after all, Cinderella would not make a good impression on the ball if she entered the scene looking as if she had just been raped by a gang). Cindy arrives at the dance, the Prince falls hard for her, but that annoying midnight rule intrudes, forcing her to flee, leaving behind a glass slipper. Make a long story short - after a long, heart-rending search to find the mysterious girl through the glass slipper test, you find Cinderella and she and the prince get married, giving her the happy ending she deserves. <br /> <br /> Overall, a fun classic Disney. Not without its flaws, the most glaring of which is that the Prince is little more than a MacGuffin to help push the plot - it has very little time on the screen and even less dialogue, so we never know it very well or get a good view of his relationship with Cinderella (which is unfortunate since, according to the production of the documentary, the prince was originally destined to play a bigger role), and some additional scenes to help give body to Cinderella itself could have been helpful (there was a song that showed her fantasizing about turning into an army of maids to clean up the house, as well as eavesdropping on her post-family pole to show her fun at their jealousy, which had been cut off because Walt himself thought that made her look spiteful). Still, Cinderella herself is a pretty likeable heroine, even though she is overwhelmed by her mice friends, and there is a sweetness in the film that is becoming more difficult to find these days. Certainly, if it had been done now, Cinderella would probably have had to face more than one fight against her family during the clothes-ripping scene and probably would have freed herself in the climax (either by taking the lock itself or by making a practical but exciting jump from the his window) but this is beyond the point. <br /> <br /> And for all those who say that Cinderella is a bad example for girls, well, consider this - at least Cinderella didn't go around getting drunk publicly and indecently exposed, unlike some "princesses" of our modern days (you know who I mean).
