People criticize the animated features of Disney in the 1950s to be overly lucid, set in landscapes that are too pristine. That criticism is right. And yet it cannot be the whole story, because the two less lucid - "Alice in Wonderland" and "Peter Pan" - are also the weakest. "Cinderella", on the other hand, set in a world where the same dirt shines, is clearly the best. <br /> <br /> It looks beautiful. The backgrounds are subtle and consistent; the colors are pure without being too bright. The animation varies a little. I swear some of the humans are rotoscopati - but then the rotoscopic humans (including Cinderella herself) are not whole blood characters in the script, so this approach works quite well. The animals really make the film. I think the studio has never used animals in this way before, as a totem rather than as helpers. Mice, for example, are the creatures that drag us into history; but they are really representatives or allies of the most colorless Cinderella. The cat, Lucifer, is a kind of witch familiar for the wicked stepmother. (The cat is brilliantly conceived and animated - one of the best feline creations of all time. The supervisor animator was Ward Kimball and he modeled it on his cat. I wonder how he endured the animal.) This approach allows animals to steal the show without attracting our attention from the main story. Their actions are of maximum interest only in light of the main story. <br /> <br /> Among the supporting casts, the remarkable men are the King and the Grand Duke. The king is a character on a note: he wants his grandchildren and seems to have no other desires, but the note is played in a pleasant way. The Grand Duke is a putate character who deserves to be removed from his sphere as much as Cinderella does. (Although, of course, he is richer.) <br /> <br /> "Cinderella" is the return of Disney to feature films after a break of eight years, and neither with it nor with a subsequent film would recover the brilliance of his early years. He also made things difficult by choosing "Cinderella". It is a passive heroine and there is not much that anyone can do about it. (Maybe I was wrong about this score - I didn't see the recent "Ever After".) However, Disney's success in bringing this unpromising story to life is remarkable, without cutting the bottom of its spirit.
