Legendary film producer Walt Disney brought three of the world's greatest fairy tales to the screen. They remain among the most popular animated films of all time. The first was his revolutionary classic "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs" published in 1937. The last was the acclaimed "Sleeping Beauty" which made its debut in 1959. Between these two was perhaps his most satisfying adaptation of a classic fairy tale : "Cinderella" (1950). Of the three films, "Cinderella" is the most faithful to its origins. Ironically, unlike "Snow White", which for better or for worse, has become for many the definitive version of history. "Cinderella" did not follow the same path. Although it was a success and, like "Snow White", he was responsible for restoring Disney's ten-year fortune, he never received the same recognition as the public he certainly deserved. Disney, for once, is proud, choosing not to alter a classic, instead of processing and adding substance to the plot, rather than rewriting it for the screen. The result was enchanting. <br /> <br /> A combination of superb animation (in wonderfully soft Technicolor) and perfect vocal talent have brought history to life with a splendor that lasts until today. Ilene Woods, who was a radio artist, recorded demo songs of the songs as a favor to the authors of the material, Al Hoffman, Mack David and Jerry Livingston. When Disney heard them, she knew she had found her Cinderella. And indeed he had it. The comedy heard by Woods of "A dream is a wish for your heart", "So This Is Love" and "Oh Sing Sweet Nightingale" are perfect. Eleanor Audley, who would continue to give voice to Maleficent in "Sleeping Beauty", masterfully captured her mother's cold cruelty, while Rhoda Williams and Lucille Bliss were convincing half-sisters. Luis Van Rooten admirably interpreted both the king and the grand duke, and James Macdonald was captivating both as Jaq and Gus, the devout mice of Cinderella. William Phipps has few dialogues as the prince (the future talk show host Mike Douglas provided his voice) but the veteran of the film (and Disney), Verna Felton was born to play the fairy godmother, and did the best number, (nominated for an Oscar) "Bibbidi-Bobbidi-Boo") his show-stopper. <br /> <br /> Among the artists responsible for the "look" of the film was Mary Blair, whose inspired use of color was much admired by Disney. Its elegant French backgrounds contribute enormously to the quality of the film. But the most important of all 'are the believable characters - from Cinderella to Lucifer, the delightfully wicked stepmother's cat. They bring both life and vitality to history, often told, something very difficult to create in an animated film. <br /> <br /> To coincide with the 55th anniversary of the film, (and, not surprisingly, the upcoming holiday season) "Cinderella" has just been released on a special edition DVD. It has simply never been better. The completely restored film must be seen to be appreciated - suffice it to say that it is wonderful. An improved stereo soundtrack has been added and is good for music. The extras for DVDs, now a standard part of the Disney Platinum editions, are too numerous to list here, but as usual some are aimed at children, some are inclined towards adults and the rest falls somewhere in the middle. But the real fans will want to get the deluxe gift set, because, along with a real cell of the film and sketches of eight characters, it includes a 160-page hardcover book, which not only incorporates most of the material found in the book with the Special edition for the 1995 home video, but much more. As usual for Disney, "Cinderella" will only be available for a limited time. So, if like me, you are a "Cinderella" lover, download NOW! This edition is really a "dream come true".
