And here is another piece of evidence to say that we should all adore Italian yellow and recognize it as the absolute absolute subtitle of horror. "The Red Queen Kills Seven Times" by Emilio Miraglia is a true hypnotist complete with original plot, stylistic production values, enchanting music, great acting talents and sequences of murderous inventions gutally. It's a fabulous thriller (released in the golden year of 1972) that belongs to the top-five of all fans of Italian cinema. The plot not only introduces your average black murderer and sexually frustrated, but combines good reasons for old-style revenge with the macabre myth of the murdering "Red Queen". At an early age, the grandfather tells the brothers in constant fighting Kitty and Evelyn of a mysterious woman who, once every 100 years, on April 6, kills seven people of which her sister is the inevitable last victim. Fourteen years later, Kitty became the successful choreographer of a leading modeling agency (even sharing her bed with the general manager) when suddenly the murderous madness begins. Sister Evelyn was the obvious culprit, but she recently moved to the United States ... Or is she? Complex but compelling and involving red herring you are thrown every two minutes and the Red Queen character is certainly the most fascinating killer in the history of thrillers. His face can never be seen, but he wears a blood-red cloak and produces the scariest laugh every time a new victim does. It is not even delicate, because its victims are stubbornly stabbed with a dagger, dragged behind cars and even impaled on fences! The latter is truly one of the greatest (= most gruesome) acts of violence I've ever seen! What more could you ask for? Some class and tasteful nudity, perhaps? The beautiful female actresses have achieved this more than covered, including Barbara Bouchet and a young Sybil Danning. Emilio Miraglia is not the most famous yellow-director, as only this did and the equally recommended "Evelyn night came out of the grave", but its influence and its importance must not be forgotten.
