while the hard-executioner detective stories of Dashiell Hammett and Raymond Chandler have adapted to the cinema like a fox in a chicken coop - in effect creating the definitely modern American genre and style - those of what might be called fiction Golden Age have barely made any impression. The problem with books like those of Agatha Christie, Dorothy L. Sayers or SS Van Dine (on whose work this film is based) is that they have little action or variety - while Sam Spade or Philip Marlowe cross the streets of Los Angeles. , public housing, bars, offices, rich palaces, and facing all sorts of exciting dangers and violence, the fiction of Golden Age is generally set in place, the murder scene, usually a sumptuous country house, and the action it is limited to investigating suspicious clues and interviewees. This is a very static procedure, a plot reduced to the puzzle. <br /> <br /> This, of course, is as much ideological as anything else, the stories of the golden age dealing with a society hostile to change and movement; the hard-boiled novels that record an urban reality that moves further and further away from a center (both of authority and of a city), dividing into hostile, uncontrollable and lawless camps. Another big problem with the narrative of the golden age is the character - because we cannot know the answer to the crime until the end, we cannot access the motivations or emotions of the characters, being defined solely by their potential need to kill. The detective, unlike the anxious and prejudiced private eyes, is simply there to be brilliant, and perhaps a little eccentric. <br /> <br /> The problem with most films of Golden Age books is that they try to be period recreations of the Merchant Ivory / Jane Austen school and end up looking silly. There have been successes, for example the radical reworkings of Ellery Queen and others by Claude Chabrol. In the English-speaking world, there were actually only two. The classic by Alistair Sim, 'Green For Danger', works because it pushes the form almost into a parody, without ever betraying the integrity or the interest of the mystery. <br /> <br /> Before the brilliant film by Michael Curtiz "The Kennel Murder" Case. The narration is pure Golden Age. A repulsive character is introduced who gives a number of potential suspicious reasons to kill him. He is duly murdered in an apparently infallible way, indicating suicide, slumped in a locked room. The caricatured cops fall desperately for the bait. It is up to Philo Vance, gentleman and amateur detective, neither old nor fat, to read the clues in a more insightful way, to open the case outside the confines of the room and eventually solve the case, the corpse is little more than the pretext for intellectual stimulation. <br /> <br /> What is interesting is not this detective storyline, which can always be as unsatisfactory as all solutions, even though it is rarely less fun and full of comical business. There is not even an attempt to "subvert" the image of the perfect detective - there is an alarming scene in which a brutal sergeant threatens to rob a suspect, without any protest from Vance, but that's all. <br /> <br /> What distinguishes "Kennel" as a classic is its modernity. Curtiz is not generally considered a great author, because he has no coherent themes or proofs of artistic development. But he was the greatest craftsman in Hollywood, and here he is in sensational form. if the story of the Golden Age detective is a simple puzzle, Curtiz takes this idea as an extreme logic, creating an abstract variation on his source, reducing the narration, the character and the position of geometry, a series of lines, from the wonderful set art - I tell the glorious camera movements that suddenly break away from a static composition and, while they slip furiously into a corner, they give life to the dead decoration. <br /> <br /> This treatment is appropriate for a story that resolutely rejects realism, it is a scheme that turns the detective's story into a mirror room, like the two central brothers, or the original crime itself, taken in loan from a book of "Unsolved Mysteries". This fantastic world of ugly rich men collecting oriental relics (shades of "The Moonstone"?), Inscrutable Chinese servants, former butlers, adorable dogs, Runyonesque cops, is the perfect habitat for Vance, a man who does a cruise in Europe with a bizarre suspect, who knows the social world of these people, yet is tainted by his interest in crime and association with the police, or he would be if it were nothing more than a thinking machine, William Powell , the greatest American comedian of the decade, has courageously occupied his idiosyncratic humanity. <br /> <br /> But if the treatment is rarefied, the climax is brutally spectacular, involving ferocious dogs and attempted murder. The police and the detective, presumably to prevent crime, are guilty of inciting him.
