There are some films that every horror fan must see (or herself) to see, and "The Red Lady Kills Seven Times" by Emilio Miraglia. "The Red Queen Kills Seven Times" (1972) is certainly one of them. With Gialli and Gothic Tales being my two favorite subgenres in Horror, I couldn't wait to see this movie for a while, and even though my expectations were high, this masterpiece surpassed my greatest hopes. Miraglia's previous Giallo, "Evelyn Night Has Come Out of the Grave" (1971) was already a disturbing and highly atmospheric film that successfully mixed Yellow with Gothic Horror, but could not possibly compare to this personal favorite instant. "The Red Queen Kills Seven Times" is undoubtedly one of the most unique and overwhelming Italian horror films ever made, and no lover of the genre could think of not seeing it. An incredibly charming yellow with strong gothic elements, "The Red Queen" offers all that can be hoped for in both subgenres: an inventive and incredibly compelling storyline, chilling suspense, a sublimely disturbing environment and a truly creepy, strangely lush color , fashionable murders, a brilliant soundtrack, and, not least, a charming female cast led by the beautiful and beautiful Barbara Bouchet - this film is simply one of the most extraordinary combinations of elegant beauty and pure terror. <br /> <br /> The film starts incredibly in a beautiful Gothic castle in Germany. As children, Kitty Wildenbrück and her sister Evelyn quarreled when their grandfather told them the story of an incredibly disturbing painting: legend has it that a diabolical Red Lady must return to the castle every hundred years and kill seven people. Fourteen years later, Kitty (Barbara Bouchet) became a successful fashion photographer. Suddenly, people begin to be killed ... Director Miraglia had already shown his incredible talent for style, atmosphere and the colorful creepy "Evelyn night came out of the grave" and uses these elements even more effectively in this gem. "The Red Queen Kills Seven Times" is a real feast for the eyes, and one of the most stunning Italian horror films both visually and at the plot level. The disturbing painting in his grandfather's castle is able to give the spectator goose bumps. The Red Lady (or Red Queen, as it is called in the English title) is undoubtedly the most diabolical figure ever in a yellow, the chilling laughter that the murders are accompanied would even be terrifying on its own. <br /> <br /> A sexy female cast is always appreciated, especially in a Yellow, and this is a great example for this. The seductive Barbara Bouchet (one of my favorite actresses) must be one of the most incredibly beautiful women on the screen, and she is also a great actress. The presence of Bouchet has improved many Italian films, among which he starred in three of Cult's greatest masterpieces of Italian cinema in the 70s (1972): "Milano Calibro 9" by Fernando Di Leo, "Don" by Lucio Fulci . t Torture a Duckling "and this unforgettable gem. In addition to the wonderful Miss Bouchet, the female cast of the film includes the sexy and young Sybil Danning, Marina Malfatti (" The night Evelyn came out of the grave ") and other beauties that are not afraid of discover it for the camera. <br /> <br /> Like the whole film, the murders are elegant and extremely elegant, yet frightening and macabre, and some of them are quite bloody.The charming soundtrack of Bruno Nicolai is memorable and makes the film's intensely disturbing atmosphere even more disturbing. The plot is ingeniously twisted and full of false arcs, the tension level grows with each passing minute. "The Red Queen ..." starts creepy and remains amazing until last second. Overall, this is one of the films for which I can't find enough words of praise. "The Red Queen Kills Seven Times" is an absolute masterpiece that easily ranks among the best yellow ever made and a top priority for all fans of horror and / or Italian cinema to see. 10/10
