Michael Curtiz directed this very elegant 1930s unit from a screenplay by Robert Presnell Sr., Robert N. Lee and Peter Mine. The original adapted novel was "The Kennel Murder Case", perhaps from the point of view of a writer the best of the mysteries of Philo Vance of the strange S.S. Van Dine. Vance was a brilliant longtime and superior detective, and his character assigned to William Powell probably meant that Warner Brothers executives were aware of the possibility that in less engaging hands this detective could alienate viewers. Fortunately they awarded the gentle William Powell to the character. it was later interpreted by Basil Rathbone, Warren William and Paul Lukas before being handed over to an image status "B". The other question, as always with Warner Brothers executives, is why they chose Vance as a character; their inclination was to choose men who were acting outside the law, without any apparent discrimination between a ferocious murderer and a sample of individual rights against all others. This film has a mean ignoble who is killed and a claustrophobically demanding club within a residential complex. The characters are unquestionably unusually well made, the direction rather good and unusually fast; and except for a dark B / N look, the film avoids the comic aspects, the superfluous characters and the irrelevant dialogue characteristic of many early police rumors. Jack Okey did good art direction. Berhard Kaun's music is useful; Orry-Kelly did the costumes. William Reese provided the cinematography mostly indoors. In the interesting cast, Powell is THE Philo Vance of his time, mostly of sober mind with just a hint of sardonic humor here and there. Eugene Palette is better than usual playing very straight as Vance's admired police partner, with his very professional timing. The other actor who comes out the best is the handsome Paul Cavangh, very effective as always in what was written as a part of red herring. Mary Astor is attractive but at this point in her career she spoke a little too quickly to be as effective as she later showed. The cast also included Helen Vinson as the villain's woman, Jack La Rue, Ralph Morgan (better known as Frank Morgan's brother), Robert Barrat as the villain that everyone killed, Archer Coe and Frank Conroy as his likeable brother with Robert McWade as the DA; eccentric and funny Etiienne Girardot has a deliciously witty part like the funny forensic doctor who arrives at the crime scene. James Lee as the abused Chinese servant is excellent and intelligent. The story is divided into four parts. First there are the shading in a dog show, where Vance, Coe and Cavanagh show all the West Highland terriers. Cavanagh's dog is killed by Coe to prevent him from winning the title on his own voice. The second part of the scene includes a check; someone is quite confused by who went where, after Coe separates from his girlfriend, Vinson, to kill his brother by mistake. Enter Vance, to find out who did Archer Coe in a locked room and how, with the help of Palette; the romantic difficulties are resolved, the Chinese servant is exonerated, we find out who broke the expensive vessel, who will marry whom, how did Archer Coe and why the butler did not - but someone else with a good excuse made. This is a small mystery, more than good, that the able Hungarian director Curtiz took seriously. He used wipes, quick cuts, camera angle changes and alternations between simple and bold machine work to get variety, interest and a fast pace. Many writers, critics and experts, myself included, consider this to be the best of Vance projects, although others are also reputable.
