"Markham," says solitary crime solver to district attorney Philo Vance (William Powell), "I am coming more and more to the belief that Archer Coe was killed in this room: that poker, this dagger sheath, now these fragments. .. that's all. "" But Vance, "says Markham," are you going to tell me that a dead man went upstairs? " "I'm not trying to tell you anything other than facts," says Vance. "This is the most remarkable case of my experience." <br /> <br /> We are united. The wealthy, arrogant Archer Coe, who he didn't like, seemed to everyone who knew him, had been found slumped in a chair in his bedroom, with a gun in his hand and a gunshot wound to his head. But wait. A further examination shows that Coe had been hit hard by a blunt instrument that fractured his skull. Then there is the dagger wound in his back. To complicate matters, Coe's bedroom door and windows had all been locked from the inside. Coe was not suicide; this was murder. But how could the murderer escape? What was the specific motivation since there are so many suspects? And why was Coe's brother, Brisbane Coe, found dead in the closet on the main floor? <br /> <br /> The 73-year-old Kennel Murder Case still offers an elegant appearance to the old classic locked whodunit. What makes it work as it is in the first place, the mystery is complicated and intelligent, but it is still logical. Secondly, it is the fun and reassuring performance of William Powell. He considers his work as Philo Vance as something of a rehearsal for his great performances as Nick Charles. Few things escape Vance. Use his intelligence to put things together. It is also a good company. Powell was a star in the 1920s and moved steadily upward in status and popularity when talkies took over. His intelligence, style and effortless refinement have made him one of the most contemporary actors of the past. <br /> <br /> It is also nice to see some other great faces. There is Mary Astor in the role of Hilda Lake, the young, resentful and potentially rich district of Coe; Paul Cavanaugh is a titled Brit who wanders around Hilda; Helen Vinson with her sensually sensual and selfish way (look at her doing her things in Vogues of 1938); Etienne Giraudot, a small old man like the picky Dr. Doremus, whose job as a medical examiner and coroner takes him away from his meals; and Ralph Morgan as Archer Coe's private secretary. This film has a high percentage of middle-aged men without a gram of fat who can easily wear tight-fitting English-cut clothes. Especially Eugene Palette, with his noble belly and gravel voice, like Detective Sergeant Heath. Sergeant Heath and Vance have long been acquaintances who seem to really like each other.
