I watch a lot of movies, good, bad and indifferent; there is usually something interesting to fix on, even if it is just a set, or the reliable work of a good actor, or the fortuitous laugh that emerges from looking at the ineptitude captured forever. <br /> <br /> However, I was pleasantly surprised by this film, which I had never seen before. Graham Greene has been translated into films many times, of course, in masterpieces such as "Thin Man" and in smaller vehicles. "Confidential Agent" is one of those minor vehicles, yet still manages to take me somewhere, despite the lackluster direction, the incongruity of the descriptions of Bacall and Boyer as (respectively) English and Spanish, and the almost complete non-existence of no chemistry between the two cables. In a sense, this "problem" actually begins to work in favor of the film, because how can love really blossom in the murderous atmosphere of fascism and capitalism that meets the tragedy of a person? The most compelling aspect of the film stems directly from the complex and crude psychology of Greene, which pervades the film. I know some see the deliberate pace here as boring, and I can understand it. Yet I found this accent rather than diminished by what is a claustrophobic world. I was forced to watch, not with great acting (although Boyer is wonderful as usual, managing to convey a rich mixture of tiredness, tragedy, hope and worldly fervor with his magnificent voice and his yearning eyes), but from the spiral race of a man's subtle hopes against a world of oppression and money. What is a thief? What is the use of love in the face of death? Where does simple profit taking and exploitation end? The film does not reach the level of art, and therefore cannot hope to answer such questions, but it is much more than just entertainment, and its murders and faults are very sad. The lack of glitz, of "bubble", of narrative "bounce" help to make this film very useful. <br /> <br /> And there is no happy ending, because history has written the ending.
