Gregory Peck's brilliant portrait of Douglas MacArthur of the Battle of Corregidor in the Philippines in the beginning of the Pacific War, largely until his removal as a UN commander during the Korean War, offers reason to believe all three possibility mentioned above. Certainly the most controversial American general of the Second World War (and perhaps never) MacArthur is here presented as a man of enormous contradictions. He claims that the soldiers especially want peace, yet he obviously has a glory in war; he constantly denies any political ambition, yet almost everything he does is deliberately used to increase himself as a presidential candidate; he obviously believes that the soldiers under his command should follow his orders to the letter, yet he himself deliberately defies the orders of the President of the United States; shows great respect for other cultures (especially in the Philippines and Japan) and yet is completely outside of his country. All these things are kept in balance during this film, and in the end the viewer is left to draw his own conclusions about the man, even if it remains without a doubt that MacArthur sincerely and passionately loved his country, and especially the Army has dedicated his life a. <br /> <br /> Peck's performance was, as I have said, brilliant - to the point, in reality, of virtually putting everyone else in the film into shadow (which is perhaps appropriate, given who he was playing!) with the possible exception of Ed Fiandre. Although he offered me a convincing look at Harry Truman and his attitude towards MacArthur: sarcastic (repeatedly referring to MacArthur as "His Majesty") angry, frustrated and finally completely fed up with this General who simply will not respect his authority as President. Marj Dusay was also intriguing as MacArhur's wife, Jean, consecrated to her husband (whom she herself called "General", even though their relationship seems to have been happy enough.) I really enjoyed this film, even though maybe she wanted to have learned something more about MacArthur's early life. I always chuckled at MacArthur's reaction to Eisenhower who was elected President ("He'll make a good president - he was the best damn employee I've ever had" - which seems to sum up what MacArthur thought the President's role should be, especially his military commanders during the war). Worth watching. 8/10
