Interestingly, mine is just the third review of this film, while "Patton-Lust for Glory," the biography of producer Frank McCarthy's controversial American WWII general, has so far attracted nearly a hundred comments. As a previous review, I am intrigued by why a movie should have received much more attention than the other. <br /> <br /> One difference between the two films is that "Patton" is more focused, focusing on a short period in and immediately after the end of World War II, while "MacArthur" covers not only this war but also the role of his subject in the Korean War, as well as his time as an American governor of Japan occupied during the interlude. /> <br /> The main difference, however, lies in the way the two leaders are interpreted. Gregory Peck dominates this film even more than George C. Scott dominated by "Patton". While Scott had another major star, Karl Malden, who played alongside him as General Bradley, none of the other actors in "MacArthur" is a household name, at least for the film. Scott, of course, portrayed Patton as aggressive and irascible, a man who was sometimes at war with the rest of the human race, not just the enemy. I suspect that in real life General MacArthur was a volcanic individual like Patton, but that's not how it appears in this film. Peck's MacArthur is of a reflexive and reflexive inclination, comparable to the liberal intellectuals he has played in some of his other films. Sometimes he even looks like a political leftist. Much of his speech at the Japanese surrender in 1945 may have been written by a paid member of the CND, and his policies to reform Japanese society during the American occupation have a semi-socialist air. In an attempt to show something of MacArthur's gift for inspiring leadership, Peck makes him a great speaker, but his speeches seem increasingly due to the rhetorical practitioner's studied tricks than to any fire in the heart. It is as if Atticus Finch of `To Kill a Mockingbird 'had worn a general uniform. <br /> <br /> Where Scott attempted a portrait of Patton on "warts and all", criticisms have been made on "MacArthur" attempts to gloss over some of the less attractive qualities of his subject. I think this criticism is right, particularly with regard to the Korean War. The film gives the impression that MacArthur was a genius general who dared to defend the interfering and militarily ignorant politicians who did not know how to fight the war and was looted for his sentences when victory was within his reach. Many historians, of course, believe that Truman was forced to dismiss MacArthur because his conduct was becoming a risk to world peace and he had no choice but to stall because Stalin would not allow his Chinese allies to be humiliated . Even during the Korean scenes, Peck's MacArthur turns out to be more idealistic than his true original probably was; we see little of his recklessness and naivety regarding political issues. (Truman's remark "he knows a lot about politics as a pig knows on Sunday" has been said about Eisenhower, but it could equally well be applied to MacArthur's approach to international diplomacy). Perhaps the film's attempt to paint some of MacArthur's warts reflects the period in which it was made. The end of the seventies, after the twin traumas of Vietnam and Watergate, was a difficult period for America, and a public in search of reassurance could welcome a reassuring and heroic representation of a military figure of the previous generation. Another criticism I would like to make of the film is that it falls between two stools. If you wanted it to be a complete biography of MacArthur, something should have been shown of his early life, which is not covered at all. (The first we see of the general is when he is leading the American resistance to the Japanese invasion of the Philippines). A theme throughout the film is the influence of General MacArthur's father, himself a military hero. I would have liked to see what kind of man was Arthur MacArthur, and only because his son considered him a hero and a reference model. Another interesting way of making the film would have been to focus on Korea and the MacArthur clash with Truman, with equal prominence given to the two men and actors of similar stature who play them. The way the film was made seemed to me less interesting than both of these alternative approaches. <br /> <br /> It would still be wrong to give the impression that I didn't like the movie at all. Although I may not agree with Peck's interpretation of the main role, it cannot be denied that he played it with his normal professionalism and seriousness. The film as a whole is a good example of a solid, professional, reflective and informative biographical film. It's a good movie, but it could have been better. 7/10. <br /> <br /> On a pedantic note, the map that MacArthur shows during the Korean War shows the DMZ, the border between the two Korean states that were not created before the war. (The pre-war border was the 38th parallel). Also, I think MacArthur was referring to the "tocsin" of war. War can be toxic, but it is difficult to listen to a toxin with a thirsty ear.
