When I was in Hollywood cinema I watched through their clearance films and there was DEMONICUS for five buckaroos plus fifty percent! I only saw him once and I couldn't give up this great deal! The second view was much better than the first. The box is so beautiful and the music is very good. If you haven't seen Demonicus yet, I recommend you do it or if you've rented and hated Demonicus, give it another chance, because another way of seeing it might change your mind. If you've seen a copy on Hollywood Video for the price I took it for, don't let it pass because it's a great deal! <br /> <br /> Demonicus is a very different but fun movie. it's like watching an interactive video game without playing it! He has a very low budget and actors I'm sure nobody is familiar with. We started the video game and I mean film with a boy and a woman, some in Italy and there is a cave that really looks like a railway or railway tunnel and you say it doesn't go and what does it do? Normal things! HE DID NOT HEAR YOU! Enter there and find a lot of gladiator artifacts and armor and an almost perfectly preserved body of a legendary gladiator named Tyrannous! Where did the chair that sat on Tyrannous come from and how did his body stay so well and where was the Pot of Cauldron come from? So is each cave complete with a Caultron Pot? Tyrannous wears his armor, helmet and has a weapon or two. Do the stupidest thing a person can do, wear a helmet and get caught up in the spirit of Tyrannous! From there he goes around killing all the nearby campers to bring back the real Tyrannous. <br /> <br /> Now, I've said it before as a video game. It's hard to explain but it seems so. The music even plays like video games. The acting is really terrible. The actors say things about why he's doing it, oh he was already crazy and Well since he's crazy I'm going home! Even the movie also has some major mistakes as a guy is running and is trying to find his girlfriend at night and is still running during the day still looking for her without a break! <br /> <br /> This movie has some mistakes but it is not a classic like Werewolf but it's funny if you like low-cost movies of error and then see Demonicus!
