The effects of work-related stress and the pressures born of a moral dilemma that contrasts the conscience with the obligations of a family business (even if unique) brought to the head by - or perhaps the catalyst for - a mid-life crisis, are examined in the dark and absorbing drama, "Panic", written and directed by Henry Bromell, and starring William H. Macy and Donald Sutherland. It is an explicit look at how indecision and denial can cause internal conflict and misery that ultimately lead to apathy and that moment of truth when the conflict must ultimately be finally resolved. <br /> <br /> Alex (Macy) is tired; has a loving wife, Martha (Tracey Ullman), a precocious six-year-old son, Sammy (David Dorfman), a mail-order store that runs out of the house, as well as his main source of income, the "family" business that he shares with his father, Michael (Sutherland), and his mother, Deidre (Barbara Bain). But he is empty; The years of this particular trade have left him numb and detached, putting him in a mental state that led him to see a psychologist, Dr. Josh Parks (John Ritter). And to make matters worse (or perhaps better, depending on the perspective), in the waiting room of Dr. Parks he meets a young woman, Sarah Cassidy (Neve Campbell), whose presence makes him feel alive for the first time since can remember. He quickly becomes another brick in the wall of moral conflict that his work has visited on him, as in the days after their meeting he cannot simply stop thinking about her. It seems that his whole life has become a "situation", one from which he seems unable to uproot himself without hurting those he loves. He can deny his age and the fact that, in fact, he has slipped into a real mid-life crisis, but is about to discover that the problems he is facing simply will not go away on their own. It is at a crossroads, and will have to decide which way to go. And he will have to do it very soon. <br /> <br /> From a concept that is intrinsically interesting, Bromell has modeled a compelling study of the character that is insightful and incisive, and presents a way that allows moments of reflection that allow the public to empathize and understand what Alex is experiencing. It makes it very clear that there are no simple answers, that in real life there is no easy way out. His characters are well defined and very real people who represent the diversity that is found in life and, moreover, within each family unit. The film blatantly implies that the sins of the father are irrefutably transmitted to the progeny, with irrevocable consequences and effects. When you grow up, accept your personal environment as that of the world at large; and often it is years in adulthood that one can begin to understand and understand that there are actually moral parameters established by every individual who walks on the planet, and that those established by the father may not be favorable to the principles of the child. And it is at that point that Alex finds himself while the plot unfolds; ergo, the mid-life crisis, or more specifically, the crisis of conscience from which it cannot escape. It is a powerful message, synthetically and subtly conveyed by Bromell, with the help of some exceptional interpretations of its actors. <br /> <br /> For some time, William H. Macy has been one of the industry's leading players, creating characters as diverse as Donnie Smith's Quiz Kid in `Magnolia, 'The Shoveler in' Mystery Men 'and Jerry Lundegaard in `Fargo '. And this is just one example of his many achievements. At one point in this film, Sarah mentions Alex's "sad eyes", and it is a very eloquent comment, because here is the strength of Macy's performance here, her ability to convey very real emotions in a sober and believable way which expresses all the inner turmoil that is experiencing. Consider the scene in which he is lying awake in bed, staring into the darkness; in that troubled moment it is clear that he is struggling, not only with his immediate situation, but with all that in his life has finally led him to this point. In that scene is the sum total of a life of guilt, confusion and uncertainty, which have been successfully suppressed until now; all the things that have always been at the center of Alex's life, only now, little by little, breaking through his defense mechanisms and eventually emerging, demanding confrontation and resolution. He is a complex character created and delivered by Macy with absolute precision that makes Alex truly memorable. He is a character that anyone who has ever faced an apparently insurmountable probability situation will be able to relate. It is a formidable job by one of the best actors around. <br /> <br /> Sutherland is also extremely effective; his Michael is unpleasantly sinister in a way so real that it's chilling. It is frightening, in fact, to consider that there are similar people walking on the earth. This is not a pulp fiction or a James Bond villain, but a true personification of evil, which hides behind an outward appearance that is so normal that it could be the boy next door, which makes it even more disconcerting. And Sutherland brings everything to life brilliantly, with a great performance. <br /> <br /> Neve Campbell looks like Sarah's part, but her performance (as in the usual case with her) seems a bit pretentious, even if her affected behavior here happens to adapt to the character and is actually a positive aspect of the film. If only she occasionally wanted to turn her energies inward, she would make a huge difference in how she presents her characters. "Panic", however, is one of his best efforts; a powerful film that, in the end, is a journey worth facing. 9/10. <br /> <br />
