First of all it wasn't a three-hour movie - Two hours, ten minutes ... the last time I checked that the commercials weren't part of a movie! Perhaps, though, should it have been a two parter for a total of about 3 hours? Yes, he would have gone in more, I could explore some other emotion. Overall, though, it was an interesting look at the lives of Lucy and Desi. From time to time I watch I Love Lucy and I love it, but I've never read or seen a biography, I never knew anything about their lives off screen. Because of this movie I do it now, but I'm not so sure it's a good thing. Everything here nobody really needed to know. This was essentially a film that did not need to be realized. But it was done and the reason is because Lucy & Desi are still such big stars and some people in American society feel that the rest of society needs to know EVERYTHING about our TV and movie stars. This is certainly so not true and very, very sad. <br /> <br /> However, what was shown here to Lucy was quite good. Two complaints - the actress who played Viv Vance - is by no means an exceptional casting. And the transition from Madeline Zima to Rachel York .... uhhh, as if Lucy had a plastic surgery and suddenly she's a completely new person !? It wasn't too good. But the story continued and focused on the rocky relationship between Lucy and Desi. No, the children were not shown much and this was not necessarily a disadvantage of this film because, as I said, it focused mainly on Lucy & Desi. If there had been more time, if the story had been more about Lucy's entire life, then maybe the boys would have been there more. But they weren't like that, instead, we got to see Gable & Lombard, Red Skelton and Buster Keaton very quickly. Wow, this was something I thought was really strong: his presence and influence in Lucy's life. Really clean and it's a shame that it hasn't been explored anymore. Oh good. What has been explored has been done well, for the most part. Honestly, I don't think I'll ever look at it again and I don't think this movie will be memorable. For someone who digs I Love Lucy but isn't a big Lucille Ball fan, this should be an interesting watch. My vote for this: B
