Last Christmas, I was lucky enough to receive one of the 1200 Ultimate Bourne boxes from my Better Half, but postpone watching the final part of the trilogy until yesterday. Given the number of recent trilogies that stumbled across the finish line instead of advancing triumphantly through it, I was a little cautious about facing "The Bourne Ultimatum" but I shouldn't have worried. The electric action sequences and the bruising scenes mix effortlessly along the intelligent plot lines to make this one of the best action thrillers I can remember to see and a sublime end to an excellent series. <br /> <br /> Jason Bourne (Matt Damon) returns after an apparent loss on Operation Blackbriar - a new program based on the old Treadstone project - to journalist Simon Ross (Paddy Considine) at the Guardian. Determined to find out more about his half-remembered past, Bourne resumed his journey once again, but others at the CIA, including deputy director Noah Vosen (David Strathairn), believe that Bourne himself is the escape and starts pursuing the rogue agent with renewed vigor. Can Bourne finally find the answers he has sought or does his old employers silence him forever? <br /> <br /> Personally, I felt a bit disappointed with "The Bourne Supremacy" because it abandoned the realism typical of his action scenes and focused on being a real spy movie. Not to mention that he lost it completely, but compared to the fantastic "Bourne Identity", it seemed more like a spy novel that burns slowly rather than an action thriller. No such worries - every car accident, punch, kick and gunshot is heard and heard with visceral joy but, fortunately, it still retains a wonderfully intelligent and compelling spy story in its heart to base the action around. Furthermore, it brilliantly links the two previous films, providing an adequate bookend for the trilogy as things are explained and expanded until the complete picture is presented. Performances are almost flawless in all respects - even Julia Styles is starting to offer something more than just crazy eyes. The only real downer is that this, like the other Bourne films, has little to do with the original novel but unless you are an avid Ludlum fan, this is not a real reason not to love a movie like this caliber of the highest level. <br /> <br /> I like nothing better than a film that pleasantly surprises me and despite my fears, "The Bourne Ultimtum" is a cracking film full of overwhelming action to satisfy the meat -heads as well as a plot that never threatens to let your attention go for a single minute. Even in the final reel, you're never quite sure if a happy ending is assured but if you're a fan of the series or not (and if not, what more do you want?), This is a movie that you should really draw down as soon as it is possible. No wonder this series has forced the producers of Bond films to throw out forty years of film history to start over. Bourne is a modern espionage hero and he made sure that recent Bond films look more like Austin Powers in comparison until "Casino Royale" kicked off the Bond series he desperately needed. The lack of Jason Bourne films is a crime worthy of surrender - go get a copy of the DVD. But not the Bourne Ultimate collection - I'm afraid!
