The Bourne Ultimatum is the third and final release for super spy Jason Bourne, a man who wants to kill the people who made him a murderer. The Bourne series is one of the most critically acclaimed trilogies (Ultimatum has an 85/100 on metacritic.com, which means the status is "universal acclaim" and for good reason - the fight is very well choreographed and the story deep may be very much Firstly, I highly recommend watching The Bourne Identity and The Bourne Supremacy, the two prequels from the fantasy title of Ultimatum.There may be three different films, but in reality they are all a continuation of one another: missing one leaves you stuck and confused, just like me, but you still want to enjoy the action and fight scenes from Ultimatum if you miss the first two, but then the story will certainly lead to some confusion. <br /> < br /> If you were lucky enough to see the prequels of this movie, you probably had a surprise watching Bourne shoot down his enemies and track down the man who cheated him to Supremacy: Jason Bourne is played very well by Mat t? "Damon. Damon does nothing to deserve a nod from Oscar, but his work here is good enough to keep him on his own. Bourne's adventures take place in many different cities; the cities are varied enough to prevent the film from becoming tasteless at times. The agency that keeps track of Bourne makes use of all the technological tools known to humanity to trace it. <br /> <br /> I will not go into the details of the characters because they are a continuation of the first two films. However, it would not hurt the film to enchant some things for the public - not all viewers are a movie observer who can consider every little suggestion about the development of the story. Ultimatum would not have been damaged if the story were a little earlier. It seems that most people agree that Ultimatum was a success in a movie: the film opened for $ 69 million, and - the box office total now amounts to $ 216 mil - currently it is still very strong for a film that has been in theaters since August 3rd. It's the best action movie I've seen from Live Free or Die Hard. <br /> <br /> Good) Damon is a solid film but not spectacular, very smart Bad) The story is like many others
