When Bourne's identity came five years ago, I must confess that I didn't think much about it. I was eleven at the time, so maybe I was too young to really get into the plot and understand the whole scenario. Two years ago, when Bourne Supremacy arrived, I thought it was a better film than Identity, but I didn't think it lived up to the expectations I expected from the judges. Over the past two years I have been told several times that Bourne movies were fantastic, many times I had to bite my tongue and not say what I really thought about movies. Until two months ago, I couldn't care less about the Bourne Ultimatum, I really didn't want to watch it. But then I decided to go back and review the first two before making sudden decisions. So I went out and bought both original films. And what a surprise it was for me when I got caught by them. Identity I found the superior of the two, but the Supremacy is not far behind. They are both clear, action-packed and electrifying movie pieces that I've seen numerous times since I bought them. For this reason I was in the front row today to see the Bourne Ultimatum. And the Bourne Ultimatum guy didn't disappoint! <br /> <br /> Matt Damon was never one of my favorite actors until he appeared in the Bourne movies, I saw him in Mr Ripley's talent, but I never thought much about him in general . However, it seems that he was born to play Bourne (excuse the pun). Throughout this series we have seen the character change before our eyes, in this film we see Matt Damon at his best, even better than him in The Departed and I thought it was one of the best things in The Departed. You really find yourself dealing with the character and you hope he finds out everything. Matt Damon plays the role with silent intensity and always finds his character extremely believable. The supporting cast of the film was also absolutely exceptional. Joan Allen was one of my favorite things in Bourne Supremacy, here it excels. His character is also very credible and has some moments superbly recited towards the end of the film. Julia Stiles returns as Nicky and finally we learn something about her character. Julia Stiles is a very underestimated actress and I think she deserves many more roles, decent roles, than what she gets. David Strathairn is a newcomer to this series like Noah Vosen, he is definitely the bad guy in the movie and he really excels. He's definitely the worst character we've ever met, and some of the decisions he makes are really bad. Strathairn appreciates the role and he also gets some superb scenes in the film. A special mention must also go to Albert Finney who does the best of his screen time too short, I will not say anything about the character, it is better to leave it as a surprise, but believe me his scenes are some of the highlights of the film. <br /> <br /> Bourne films have always had a focus on plot rather than action sequences, this does not mean that the trilogy lacks action sequences, good god no, there are so many scattered for the whole movie. But running throughout the film is a well-written and well-made storyline. This plot ends in the best way imaginable in this film. While watching Supremacy the night before I saw Ultimatum, it was nice because I could see some small parts. That final scene in Supremacy, in New York, much more important than I ever imagined at the time. It won't ruin it for people, but I suggest you check out Supremacy before seeing Ultimatum. Unfortunately for many people they will go to see Ultimatum only for action sequences. This is the part where I should condemn these people and say they should see them for the plot, but I'd be lying if I didn't say that my favorite parts of the Bourne series as a whole are the car chases. The mini car chasing Identity is one of my favorite car chases of all time. Well, the action in Ultimatum must be the best in the Bourne series. In reality the film begins with an action sequence in Moscow. So in the duration of the film we receive numerous punches, all very violent and incredibly brutal. A bike chase that is absolutely incredible, many foot chases that are even more incredible, a thrilling pursuit in the car that is unforgettable, and much more! But the highlight for me must be the scene in Waterloo station, it won't ruin it, but for some reason it made me crazy. <br /> <br /> So any flaws for the movie? In my eyes, no, but if you are not a fan of the Bourne series or have not seen the previous two, then I would not recommend you Ultimatum. The film does not seek to win new fans as it sticks to what the franchise does best and only adds a little more storyline and action sequences to the top. The Bourne Ultimatum is without doubt the best of the series and the best success of 2007. As a James Bond fanatic it is a great honor for me to say that Ultimatum is much better than most of the James Bond films, and trust me a lot for me say this. While Bourne as a whole may not be a better franchise than the Bond series, it is almost certainly its parity.
