I've never been one to whom I avoided saying that most action movies do absolutely nothing for me. Most of the time they are brazen vehicles to blow up stuff, show off sexy models and throw any semblance of reality or intelligence out the window. That being said, the Bourne series was fantastic. Doug Liman has inaugurated a new interpretation using a more truthful cinematographic style, showing the fights with all his strength and making our super spy someone with whom we can relate emotionally and humanly. This is not the sci-fi absurdity of Bond (before making a review in the style of this series no less). There was much to worry about when the Bourne Supremacy came out. With director Paul Greengrass in charge, what could have been a second-hand copy of the original ended up being an improvement in style and style. The stakes have been raised and the story has been improved because of it. Greengrass needs to be given a lot of credit to be able to keep up appearances with the latest installment, The Bourne Ultimatum. In what is an extraordinary end to a high-level trilogy, action is taken to a new level and history and performance are never compromised. <br /> <br /> Once again, Bourne is taken to the minds of the CIA for false pretexts. Someone leaked information about the Treadstone update called Blackbriar and once Bourne tries to converse with the reporter who broke the story, it is assumed to be the mole. Only Pamela Landy, she who was on the case to find him in the Supremacy, knows that it cannot be him. Bourne's motive has always been to stay away from the government and live his life in peace. It was the CIA that continues to bring it back to the open to devastate it. What ends up being breathable is that Bourne also wants to know the source to finally find out the truth about who he is and what turned him into a killer. The film, therefore, becomes a pursuit against time and each other to find the source and see if the government can close the breach and tie all the jerseys, or if Bourne can get his revenge on those who have him taken the life. <br /> <br /> In what is probably the simplest plot of the series, with a single pursuit that lasts the entirety of the story, it has perhaps the biggest cast of characters and the reversal of loyalties to expose the corruption that the progression of the complete story was the basis. This is not a harm, however, as it allows for more fights and car chases that work in a complete context for the plot. Admission to this film was worthwhile for the apartment fight, between Bourne and the CIA's second asset, alone. The chase jumping from a window in Madrid is nice on its own, but when they finally meet, we get a ten minute fight that is so invigorating to look like any scene you see. Furthermore, rather than using a massive car chase as a climate set as in the first two films, we find ourselves on three small-scale road races, just as intense but staggered enough to never spoil the action in monotony. <Br /> <br /> After five years of waiting, we also discover the origin of our favorite work with heart and feeling. By the end of the film we will find out what was the cause of all the espionage and destruction that took place around him. No one could have done it better than Matt Damon. He has the physical and the aptitude to be credible in the action sequences, but also the range to bring out the moments of intelligence and correspondence of the cat with the mouse with those against him. Joan Allen resumes her role with the same amount of dedication to her work, but also a little more disenchanted with what is happening around her after the character of Brian Cox, from the first two films, took the situation in her hands. Needing a role in that mold, we are given a twist by David Strathairn. Like Cox, he is working at the top of the food chain and does not respond to anyone when he makes a decision. By trying to cover every connection with his Blackbriar program leaders while he is trying to do his duty to his country, one can never evaluate enough what he will be able to do. Even the kids do a wonderful job, like Paddy Considine as the reporter who starts the escape to the center of it all, Albert Finney as a man of Bourne's past and perhaps the key to his origin, and Edgar Ramirez as one of the CIA agents sent to take Bourne out. Ramirez is a nice addition to the role that has been played successfully by Clive Owen (Identity), Karl Urban and Martin Csokas (Supremacy). He doesn't talk much, if at all, but he has the robotic look and efficiency down and hopefully he will get more roles to show what he can do for Domino. <br /> <br /> In the end, Paul Greengrass must be applauded for continuing to exceed expectations and bringing this series to a conclusion based on the success of his predecessors rather than destroying them. His skill in the close-hand appearance is surprising and has the same kinetic energy as Tony Scott, but without the blows that induce the blows. Rather than feeling like an overproduction, its use of the free hand improves the environment and puts you directly into action. We also give credit to cinematographer Oliver Wood, who shot all three of Bourne's films. He was able to work with both directors and work his style in a beautiful harmony with them.
