This was basically an attempt to do the same thing with "Batman" which was done with "Gilligan's Island" in "Surviving Gilligan's Island". For those of you who have lost it (and are ashamed!) "Surviving Gilligan's Island" (complete title: "Surviving Gilligan's Island: The Incredibly True Story of the longest three-hour tour in history") was a special a few years old ago, where Bob Denver ("Gilligan"), Dawn Wells ("Mary Ann") and Russell Johnson ("The Professor") told the story of the show's creation, cancellation, rediscovery and rebirth. Along the way, the stories were dramatized with actors portraying the original cast and crew. It was done very well. It was fun, well done and considered a real show document. <br /> <br /> "Back to Batcave: The Misadventures of Adam and Burt" is in a similar style. The re-narration of the history of the show, the re-enactments, the general feeling are all the same. What is missing is the direct approach that "Surviving" has taken. <br /> <br /> In "Return", Adam West and Burt Ward both receive invitations to a car show they weren't meant to be invited to. After being allowed to stay, Adam and Burt witness the stealing of the show's core: the legendary Batmobile! Adam and Burt decide to pursue him alone, guiding them through the clues that lead them to think about the history of the show. This eventually leads to the revelation of who stole the Batmobile and why. <br /> <br /> Choosing to use this presumption (actually having a plot) is the biggest disappointment of this show. Unlike "Surviving", "Return" forces the viewer to follow a less interesting plot (the theft of the Batmobile) instead of focusing all his attention on what the public would be most interested in (the history of the show). It is the historical sections that work best. Casting (as in "Surviving") is excellent. Jack Brewer ("Adam West") and Jason Marsden ("Burt Ward") capture the feeling of the actors without seeming * too * very similar to them. Brett Rickaby ("Frank Gorshin") bears a strong resemblance to the subject, but does not capture the charm of Gorshin, but only his characterizations. The representations of the other actors are brief and functional, without anyone distinguishing themselves particularly well or badly. Many of the stories have already been told before, but they mostly sound fun, with only occasional clumsy presentations. Another wonderful piece of historical sections was the use of audition footage of the Lyle Wagoner audition for the part of Batman. The only place where flashbacks fail is when they obviously insert plot points to advance the main story. This reduces the accuracy of flashbacks unnecessarily. <br /> <br /> The "main storyline" (if that's what we should call it) is, of course, ridiculous. This is not really a flaw in and of itself, but it is not well enough to cover the deficit. Strong performances and good writing can make up for a silly story (especially in this kind of thing) but we don't even get it here. West and Ward's performances seem rather flat (even to them); the dialog box was written too carefully for it to look natural. Again, I think the comparison with "Surviving Gilligan's Island" can be seen from the fact that the dialogue is mainly there just to create a flashback. In "Surviving", that's all it intends to be. In "Return" he tries to do the double job and, unfortunately, often fails. Gorshin and Newmar are fine (although I agree with others that Gorshin didn't age well and that Newmar had - and what is Wagoner doing to look so beautiful?) But he isn't given enough to do. Once again, I think they would all be better served by a simpler presentation than the one chosen here. <br /> <br /> Another strange point about "Return". This special concerns the TV series "Batman" and its history, yet all the clips shown come from the theatrical film. The Wagoner movie is also technically filmed. If you know you're a "bat story", then you know that the movie was originally scheduled to be released first, only to be postponed in favor of the TV show when CBS needed to fill the time quickly. So when Wagoner and West were testing for the role, it was for the film, not the TV show. Because "Return" only uses movies is not clear. Most likely it has to do with rights issues, but it is a clear distinction for those who know: seeing Julie Newmar in the present, but only films of Lee Meriwether as Catwoman in the past. <br /> <br />, I liked the show, mainly for flashbacks. I would have preferred the style used in "Surviving Gilligan's Island", but I can understand why he would like a more history-oriented piece given the topic. Besides, I like these people. It's nice to see them around, have fun again with one of the great pieces of entertainment history. I just hope they did it a little better and when more of the original cast was still alive to be there.
