I didn't like many TV series after 1990, but THAT 70S SHOW is fantastic. Never see him during his first run, thinking about a deceptive period piece, I was wrong! I started watching in replicas and the more I looked, the more I liked it! Now, it's the only preview show since 1990 that I watch regularly. <br /> <br /> Although THAT 70S SHOW reproduces some of the styles, attitudes, music and tastes of the 70s, that decade is not bogged down by going overboard with the references and the look of the 70s. It contains dialogues so amusing, witty and witty that they are transmitted with certainty and certainty by its main cast that overcomes any cliché of the 70s simply because it is humorous. Humor is what keeps the show eternally watchable. <br /> <br /> Although a hilarious sitcom, regardless of the time period, the uniqueness of the mockery of the 1970s works in its favor as it gives the show a distinctive identity. But it is focused on universal issues (family problems, adolescent anxiety, marital problems, peer pressure), facing them all with a comic aplomb, which gives the show a mass appeal. <br /> <br /> The centerpiece of the show is an Eric Forman (played as absolute comic perfection by the future superstar Topher Grace). Eric is a super-skinny, geeky, non-athletic-looking teenager, and he still turns out to be super-cool due to the brilliant self-mockery of the Grace character. Eric has 5 friends Donna, Hyde, Kelso, Jackie and Fez (played hilariously by Laura Prepon, Danny Masterson, Ashton Kutcher, Mila Kunis and Wilmer Valderama respectively). We will see life in Point Place, Wisconsin, through the eyes of these 6 year old boy, we will have a lot to see! Donna, a forward-looking feminist, is the object of Eric's affection and these two have the show's main relationship. They become a couple very soon after the show and they are NEVER a boring couple. Most of the eps shows end with them having a meaningful conversation about them and their future and works as a great insightful speaker, which works like a perfect counterweight to the previous hilarity. Hyde is Eric's best friend and soon moves with the Formans when his mother abandons him; Hyde is the sweet, zen, cool of the group and sits down, observes and makes fun of his friends with ease. Kelso is the stupid of the group and Kutcher interprets it in an absolute way, showing an extraordinary physical comedy and telling some of the most absurdly funny ideas and stories ever! Jackie, who begins as Kelso's girlfriend, is a verbose and self-absorbed novice cheerleader and is initially accepted only as part of Kelso's b / c group, but manages to ingratiate herself to the point where they all have to accept her! And finally, Fez! Fez is the foreign student of an unknown country (we never know exactly where he is) and he is a scene thief! "I said good morning!" "Son of a b * tch!" Valderama has a foreign accent just because he doesn't have one in reality and is always in the character and creates one of the most unique characters I've ever seen. His moments of scene theft often help to make the show for me. <br /> <br /> The show constantly takes us into the minds and thoughts of these characters through engaging fantasy scenes of how they would like or imagine things. The gang is repeatedly in trouble (most of them on purpose). They constantly play gags on the residents of Point Place and between them. They spend most of their time in Eric's basement plotting, pontificating or just playing. <br /> <br /> Even the characters of Eric, the threatening and moving red and the adorable -go-lucky Kitty (memorably played by Kurtwood Smith and Debra Jo Rupp). These 2 adults give the show a much needed mature point of view and constantly reproach and advise the six well-to-do wells. Red and Kitty are ably supported by Donna's parents, by the funny Bob (played magnificently for the run at full speed by Don Stark) and by the silly blond baby Midge (the super sexy Tanya Roberts, who was on the show for about half the race) . Also, for 3 complete seasons, Eric's sister from hell Laurie (played brilliantly by the evil Farrah-Fawcett impersonator Lisa Robin Kelly) was a great refreshing relief to thwart the cheating of the top 6 and to be the thorn in Eric and his parents' sides! Kelly is back as a guest character for a few seasons 5 eps. But, unfortunately, Kelly's personal problems led her to be replaced by a terrible new actress in the sixth season. The newcomer did not last, thankfully, and had disappeared after a while 6 eps! <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, at the end of season 7, Topher Grace (Eric) and the start of season 8, Ashton Kutcher (Kelso) left the show and never recovered while season 8 was revealed the last. Grace and Kutcher returned for the series finale, giving the show a satisfying conclusion. <br /> <br /> Lots of cool supporting characters and cameos would help keep the show cool by adding nostalgia and humor. The best support players were the eternally high Lion (played by Tommy Chong), Pastor Dave, Roy (the fantastic comedian Jim Gaffigan), Big Rhonda, Mitch, Earl, etc. They also have the legends Marion Ross (HAPPY DAYS) and Betty White (THE MARY TYLER MOORE SHOW) to play the mothers of Red and Kitty respectively. Many celebrity cameos from the 1970s also made appearances, from Shirley Jones (PARTRIDGE FAMILY) to Pamela Sue Martin (NANCY DREW) to Charo to Ted Nugent to K.I.S.S! Go on and on! <br /> <br /> With great nostalgic 70s tributes and references, exhilarating dialogue and delivery and an absurd style without prisoners of comic narration, THAT 70S SHOW is a television classic!
