Over the years we have seen a lot of absurd things done by writers when the show only had to go on, taking into consideration "8 simple rules" after the death of John Ritter, but this is probably the first time I cared. The idea of ​​having "That 70's Show" without Eric or, to a lesser extent, Kelso is ridiculous. They tried to cover it up with a return of Leo and increasingly scandalous plot lines, but it always seemed the reason to worry when you don't have a main character anymore. It just didn't connect, it was a bunch of unrelated things that happened that most of the time it wasn't even funny. The last season seemed the season too much for each individual character, simply because Eric used to take up a lot of time on the screen and now we would be shaken in the face by how stale and repetitive the rest of the characters were. Focusing on the trick that is Fez was completely uninteresting and the character would simply stop working, because the deal was that he would say something strange from nothing, and you can't tell stuff from nothing when every second line is yours. They also brought the standard cousin Oliver, only this time he was not a child. Every time you hear someone knocking on the door, you started praying that it wasn't Randy, please let it not be Randy. The deal with Randy was that he would make really horrible jokes, usually as Red would say, smiling like a donkey and totally ruining the delivery and Donna would be points. I think over half of last season it was Donna who pretended to be amused. The problems had started earlier though: what was once a great show with an equally great concept that, for once, was not a dysfunctional family that slowly entered the soap opera territory. Everyone started to be in love with everyone, the emotional scenes were swept away, with only a joke usually lame somewhere to divert the attention we were looking at "As The World Turns". I guess this was the development of the character, but let's go ahead that it was written in an almost clumsy way like the moral lessons of "Family Matters". To be honest, the last episode, also because he had a cameo by Topher Grace (a cameo on his show), was really good, though not so funny. <br /> <br /> By the way, even more critical about season 8: what the hell was with the opening theme? Not only did they use the same joke twice (a character that doesn't sing), Fez scared me to death. Friend, don't open your eyes that far. But the first five seasons or so, among the best comedies ever transmitted.
