How a normal day begins at Point Place, Wisconsin ... <br /> <br /> First of all, Red, the tyrannical father of the Forman family and a World War II veteran, sits at the kitchen table and reads the his newspaper while his happy wife Kitty serves breakfast. Then their skinny son Eric arrives, he also sits at the table, and his father starts screaming every day, usually involving his foot in Eric's ass if (enter a reason here). If her promiscuous angelic-faced sister Laurie is at home, she arrives, then Red stops screaming and speaks gently, making Eric feel left out of the family. <br /> <br /> Once this daily (painful) ritual is over, Eric rushes into his basement, where all his friends are already around. And when we get to see them, it becomes obvious that Eric and his tomboy girl, her neighbor and childhood friend Donna Pinciotti are the most intimate people. Meet Steven Hyde, the conspiracy theorist who hates the disco and doesn't really care about what's around until it's fun to watch; Michael Kelso, the kind of guy who thinks that he will go through his life only from his appearance and that carrots grow on trees; Jackie Burkhardt, the one who thinks she is the prettiest girl around, a spoiled daughter of a rich father and, of course, a cheerleader; and Fez, a naive but oversized stranger who loves candy and can't keep a secret. At first they simply pass, gossiping and teasing Kelso, but then they all sit in a circle and start the real fun ... before going out doing something they will regret later. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, Red leaves and meets with the weird parents of Donna, Bob and Midge. It's rude, but they don't care, because they think I'm joking. Somewhere there is Leo, an old hippie, who is constantly confused and plays on words without even realizing it. Did you imagine that seemingly quiet neighborhood with all these fantastic characters? Of course, most seem "cliché", but the show takes the cliché to a new level. Now launch some of the worst storylines that a sitcom can offer, sit back and enjoy one of the best TV shows ever. The one that never does the same thing twice and that is, compared to most sitcoms that are "very nice", purely hysterical. If you hook up, don't let this show let you go. Bite again and again and, buddy, you'll see the sitcom genre from a completely new perspective.
