Before seeing this, I simply expected another mediocre soft core copy of the imitated "Emmanuelle" series starring Sylvia Kristel. It was really surprising how beautiful this was. It actually has a story, and it's really very romantic. What makes "Yellow Emanuelle" so beautiful is that heroine, the beautiful and exotic Chai Lee, is the protagonist. She plays her character, Emy Wong so gently, that the viewer just needs to feel something for her when her dreams hit her. Emy Wong is a highly respected, statuary doctor with a royal quality. It comes from an important old family, where ancient customs are still practiced. Emy will remain a virgin until she is married, with a man she has never met. The handsome doctor looks OK with this arranged marriage. It's simply how it's done in his world. However he does not intend to meet and fall in love with the British pilot who ends up under his care in the hospital where he works. Emy decides to abolish customs and gives herself to her western man. But only after a very long courtship, as Dr. Wong is anything but an easy woman. His pilot, George, is a good boy and promises to marry Emy, so he will not lose his respectability and place in his rigid society. Neither relies on a third party, an Ilona Staller, which destroys their relationship through a series of vicious games. Emy is forced to believe that she was abandoned by her man, who only played with her to sleep with her. Her place in society has gone, she has been degraded. The film takes a surprisingly dramatic and depressing turn as this proud and elegant woman gives up her career, as well as a sweet relationship with the caring father, and succumbs to a life of drinking and prostitution. I was surprised to find myself so absorbed in this tragically opera story. I was on the edge of my place when George returns to the city, and unknowingly enters a hotel where his lovely Emy works as a prostitute! Classic drama. I imagine that many spectators were a little frustrated with all this drama. You would expect a lot of sex and nudity here, but not much. And when it's there, it's totally non-exploiting, very artistic and soft-core. If you are a fan of the first Emmanuelle, with Sylvia Kristel, you will most likely appreciate this lesser-known classic. I was particularly impressed by the attention to detail. The whole segment where Emy takes George to her fathers house on the island is really beautiful. His father shows George and the viewer his impressive collection of Bonzai trees. It has an all-miniature forest built from these incredible trees. Totally unexpected. Years ago, after watching it on cable TV, I spent a lot of time searching the internet for a copy of the film. When I finally realized, I discovered that the version of the video was longer. More sex? No, more melodrama. For the DVD release there is a subplot on George that suddenly falls on some unknown deadly disease! Actually I preferred the cable version better. I'm glad this rare gem was finally released on DVD. I must also mention the beautiful cinematography and the bizarre soundtrack of the 70s. While watching this, you have the feeling of looking at something very rare and quite special. I recommend it to attentive spectators who do not need sex and violence to maintain their interest.
