I am Curious (Yellow) (a film in the vicinity of a Seussian nursery rhyme, it is said that it was initially available in two versions, Yellow and Blue) was one of those great artistic successes that for the first time was a great in Sweden a great scandal / cause-celebrity happened in the United States when the only press was held by the customs and reached the Supreme Court. What is powerful in today's image is not so much what it could offend by means of what is revealed in sex or nudity - the director / "actor" Vilgot Sjoman films the various scenes in such a way that there is an abundance of flesh and genitals and the occasional graphic bit, but it is increasingly - therefore an intellectual rather than lustful expression - but the audacity of the attempt of a pure "metafilm" while at the same time making a real statement about the state of affairs in Sweden . Who knew such things in a generally peaceful country (usually neutral in foreign affairs and wars) could be so politically enthralled? At least, this is part of Sjoman's purpose here. <br /> <br /> As a director like Dusan Makavajev with some of his works as WR (if not so surreal and unbalanced) or to a slightly lesser extent Bertolucci, Sjoman is out to mix politics and sex (especially politics and social strata ) in the midst of even making a comment about embodying a character in a film. The two characters, Lena and Borje, have a cold-hot relationship in the film's history, in which Lena is a "curious" socialist-aspirant who demonstrates on the street for non-violence and "trains" in a cabin in the woods to become fully functional , but at the same time perhaps too curious for his car sales boyfriend. And as is happening, which is in itself sufficient for a film, Sjoman inserts himself and his crew from time to time while they are doing this story in a movie (there is also a good deal halfway where, like in a rock concert, the title cards fill up during a break in the shooting who is the crew, denying having to use the credits!) So with this there is a whole different dynamic as Sjoman gives a real performance, not just a "hey, I'm the director who plays the director" a little. <br /> <br /> At the beginning, one might not have this structure and that I am Curious (Yellow) is just a film in which Lena is a documentary interviewer who asks about their thoughts on class, socialism, Spain and Franco, and sometimes we see Lena's or Bjore's father. But Sjoman does something interesting: the structure is so slippery as the viewer has to stand on his toes; It is impressive that so many years in a photo may surprise you with not being afraid to mix dramatic narrative, documentary, film within a film and even a serious interview with Martin Luther King, who is also a quasi-guru for Lena. It may not always be a completely coherent analysis from the political point of view, but it does not seem to be a scam or even a satirical program like in a picture by Godard; the satire that Sjoman follows is similar to a Godard, but to a whole other wavelength. His anarchy is playful, but not full of semantics or tricks that could discourage the less initiated viewer. <br /> <br /> If I Am Curious (Yellow) stands up as an intellectual enterprise and a full-blown journey in exploring sex in a way that was and is captivating as far as it's shown and how comfortable it is for actors, it's not a success, I think, like an emotional experience. Where Bergman has had up to a T with a purely emotional film with deconstructive tendencies, Sjoman is more inclined to connect with specific ideas without always directing very well when it comes to making big or thin scenes with the actors. Sometimes it works just for the actors, Lena Nyman (mostly spectacular in a performance that asks her to make a child ambitious but confused in someone nice and vulnerable) and Borje Ahlstedt (a great realistic counterpoint to the fickle Lena), but about 40 years later it is difficult to completely connect with everything that happens in the inner film of Lena and Borje since (perhaps intentionally) Sjoman fills it with clichés (Borje has a girl and a child, he will leave her, as will Lena reconcile her father) and a heavy narration from his star. <br /> <br /> Yet, for any mistake Sjoman may have, ironically considering that it means that it is a commentary on himself, I Am Curious (Yellow) holds magnificently as an artistic experiment in testing the waters of what could be done in Swedish cinema, or test what could not be and bend it for provocative and comic use. I will even go so far as to say that he is influential, and was probably copied or imitated in more than one way because he was a cult phenomenon in his time (a specific technique used, with the rewinding of the film towards the end, was echoed in a more use poor in Funny Games) and should be seen by anyone trying to enter the avant-garde or metamotor world. If it is not an exceptional artistic leap like W.R. or Last Tango, it's very close.
