In a future society, the military component must not recruit; rather, their candidates are chosen at birth, selected by nursery schools and designated to spend the entire life at the service of the government. They are given to the war machine, body and soul, without any other reason than to protect and serve; they have no personal identity other than a name and a grade, and no autonomy. This is the fate of those whose fate is predetermined for them in "Soldier", directed by Paul Anderson and starring Kurt Russell. The scenario is harsh and gloomy when the film begins with depicting the training of soldiers during early periods, from preadolescence to adulthood. Russell is Sergeant Todd, the best of the best, and we glimpse his career as he performs his duties in an exemplary way in the campaign after campaign; he is the one who was born to be, a soldier. But even the best cannot last forever, and the day comes when Todd and his peers are no longer the elite. A new generation of soldiers, advanced genetics and technology products has been created, and Todd's generation is suddenly obsolete. What follows is the story of a man who has to fight for his life, while struggling to discover his own sense of humanity and individuality, new traits of a soldier who has only known two things throughout his life: fear and discipline. Russell gives an impressive performance like Todd, the soldier who, above all, must obey orders without questions while suppressing all individual emotions and thoughts. He has a few lines in this film, but Russell talks to himself. This role shows that it is, in effect, one of the little appreciated actors of our times; which can disappear so completely into Todd's character is a merit to his skill, and with this part he created a completely different person than he did before. And he gave Todd a depth and credibility that someone of lesser talent could easily have made as nothing more than a pretentious and superficial stereotype. Noteworthy performances are also represented here by Connie Nielsen (Sandra) and Jason Isaacs (Colonel Mekum). Completing the supporting cast is Jason Scott Lee, as memorable as Caine 607, one of the new generation of soldiers; Sean Pertwee (Mace); Gary Busey (Captain Church); Michael Chiklis (Jimmy Pig); and Mark Bringleson (Rubrick). Anderson has made an action film with a message, a warning that transcends the genre of science fiction. `Soldato 'reminds us of the importance of keeping the humanity of our life intact. It's a fun way to make us consider alternatives, like a bleak future and a world where good movies wouldn't make much difference. Very similar to "1984" and "Mad Max", this film, which in the end is uplifting, will make you take a break and think about the kind of Universe in which we all have to live together and share. I consider this 7/10.
