Why do I like so much the DISORGANIZED CRIME? Why giggles or laugh out loud every time I think of a dozen or more scenes from this movie? It's a little difficult to explain, but I'll give it a try. First of all, it's really a lot of fun - as opposed to what many "official" reviews want you to believe. But then again, this depends entirely on your sense of humor, so it makes no sense to discuss this. Humor is often in dialogue and is often a situational comedy. There is for example this very hilarious scene in which the 4 members of the band were given a lift in the back of a truck. When the farmer drops them, they stay there on the street, covered in cows or something. They are totally innervated; then, realizing the humor of the scene, they start laughing at themselves one after the other, and Ruben Blades (like Carlos), looking (and certainly sniffing) terribly, nonchalantly pulls out a little mouth spray to do at least something about his breathing (simply describing the scene here makes me giggle again!). Which leads to the second point: acting. Fred Gwynne, Lou Diamond Phillips, William Russ, Ruben Blades and Corbin Bernsen (okay, the latter sometimes twists a bit) adapt and play their parts beautifully - in fact, one has the feeling that they should also enjoy themselves when to shoot the film. Thirdly, there is the plot. Jim Kouf, director and screenwriter, is very relaxed; it takes time to let the plot unfold and the individual characters to settle themselves. Most of the time, there is no real action, yet you like these 4 very different people - trying to rob a bank even if their boss (Bernsen) doesn't seem to show up - muttering to each other and even-tually , reluctantly, Enjoying one another. The film is a fantastic parody of the typical bank robbery plot - totally impossible with all its twists and coincidences, but absolutely convincing in its love for ironic details. Incidentally, the film's title is one of the best I've ever seen, because it perfectly sums up the plot in a very ironic way. So, follow my advice: watch this movie, but if you don't laugh, smile or smile during the first 10 minutes, forget it: it's not your kind of movie. PS. The only negative thing about this film is that there seems to be no way to appropriate the script - if you know how, tell me.
