I like this movie for several reasons. I have a weakness for movies on complicated and dotted criminal textures like TOPKAPI. I also like movies (like TOPKAPI and BIG DEAL ON MADONNA STREET) that have ruined the genre. One of the best is the DISORGANIZED CRIME. <br /> <br /> Corbin Bernsen has met four cons over the years, and decides that they can all be useful in a bank robbery planning in a small town in Montana. But he didn't give the scholars any details about the crime, nor do they really know each other. Shortly after he sends them, Bernsen is arrested by two New Jersey policemen (Ed O'Neill and Daniel Roebuck) who escaped from before and has a warrant to bring him back. While in their custody, the four cons (Fred Gwynne, Lou Diamond Philips, Ruben Blades and Will Russ) show up without knowing why they are there except that Bernsen was planning something. <br /> <br /> The first twenty minutes of the film deal with the four cons slowly getting used to each other, with Gwynne and Philips managing to reject their suspicions to understand that they must trust each other . At the same time we see Bernsen waiting patiently for the right time to escape again from O'Neill and Roebuck, not too difficult because they are not the brightest bulbs that have ever existed. The result are two series of plots that will continue to juxtapose each other throughout the film: the four cons that try to understand what Bernsen's scheme was, and how to put it into operation, and Bernsen trying to keep his own freedom from his pursuers and regain his cabin (and hope to find his gang there for him to take command of). There is also a third plot, smaller, which concerns the growing annoyance and anger of the local sheriff Hoyt Axton against the New Jersey idiots who continue to put themselves in his hair. <br /> <br /> There are many delicious moments in the film, such as Axton, led by O'Neil and Roebuck, in surrounding a house in the city where Bernsen should hide, and screaming (through a megaphone, "Come out, we have surrounded you !! ", just to make sure that the scene turns into a huge Montana plain that Bernsen is fighting and stumbling into miles from where the police think he is at that moment. There are moments of misadventure from our four against, which fortunately put the eldest (Gwynne) in leadership position. This does not always guarantee anything. At some point their car does not start, and they must take a ride on a truck. Unfortunately it is a truck that transports manure. <br /> <br /> The conclusion with the band to successfully complete the robbery, including the deactivation of all police cars at the critical moment (the Philips specialty is the car) is also a jewel of timing, suspense and comic results The film is very d dazzling and certainly worth watching.
