I saw this movie for the first time when I was about 10 years old. Unfortunately I could not see it until the end because it was broadcast late at night. Now I bought it on DVD because I remember I liked it. <br /> <br /> This is not really a normal horror movie. It has some horror elements but rather I categorize it as fantasy. I liked it but I was hoping for a bit more horror and scary scenes. Especially the scene where Anna's dad enters the cinema trying to kill her is a bit short. <br /> <br /> Now to the plot. This film is about a girl named Anna who gets sick. While she is sick and has to lie in her bed because of her high number of excesses, she turns to finish her drawing on a house - the paper house. When he abandons a sleep, which often happens strangely right away, he finds himself near home on a large green field. He realizes that the house is exactly like the one he designed and that every new detail also appears in his dreams. One day he draws a boy at home to have someone to talk to. While forgetting to draw his legs (because he is sitting behind a window) the boy cannot walk. Later she is told by the doctor that even a boy has this strange disease and realizes that with the boy he drew, he also brought that boy into his disturbing dreams. He also realizes that it becomes increasingly difficult for her to wake up from her dreams. While she misses her father who is abroad, she attracts her father home. He makes a mistake and his father looks very angry about the painting. Try to delete it, but realize that it can't change anything already drawn. And the next time he falls asleep the horror begins. His father is crazy and blind (because he draws on his head to consider him "invalid") and tries to enter the warehouse and kill Anna and his friend. His dreams became a horrendous nightmare. They manage to escape and kill his father and Anna can finally wake up. Than Anna finds herself in the hospital where her parents are sitting next to her bed. The doctors thought she had fallen into a coma or so. They tell Anna that the other boy is dead and they want to go to the ocean to overcome those tragic events. Anna draws a lookout tower and notes that the sighting tower itself can be found near the hotel they traveled to. He runs to the lookout tower and meets the boy (I'm not just quoting his name because I can't remember it and I don't want to go back to the previous html page) and I can say hi and forget those terrible dreams forever. br /> <br /> There were some things that I didn't understand in the movie. First of all it was the ending that I don't like at all. I think it's too long while the main part of the film gets a little too short. How does the boy pilot a helicopter and talk to Anna about how he should be dead? Why did you have to put such a stupid radio on the wall? I hated that scene, it was so stupid of me. He almost ruined the main horror scene. <br /> <br /> The things I liked were the scene with the photograph of Anna's father, which was the first real scene of fear and horror. I liked the boy. The actor was fantastic. It was even better than Anna. I also liked how Anna tries to get her father out of the painting while he is sleeping and looking for her in the garbage. <br /> <br /> Overall a good movie. I give him an 8 out of 10.
