My name is John Mourby and this is my story about Paperhouse: in May 2003 I saw Alfred Hitchcock's psychopath, I was very scared and deeply upset. I started a frantic search for a film that was scary in the same way. But none where satisfactory. Among those tried and failed were Birds, The Night of the Living Dead, The Silence of the Lambs, Blair Witch's Project, Ring, The Evil, The Sixth Sense, 28 Days Later, The Chainsaw Massacre, Halloween, Near Dark , Alien, Peeping Tom, The Cell, Rosemary's Baby, Do not Look Now, Witchfinder General, Friday 13 and The Omen. This should confirm that I was desperate! Long after I stopped searching, I discovered Paperhouse ????. <br /> <br /> Paperhouse is based on a favorite book I own, called Marianne Dreams. Paperhouse had also appeared in some of the books I had found on the horror films, but they didn't tell me about the link between book and film. I discovered the truth while I was on the Internet, I bought the film later that day. <br /> <br /> I thought that Paperhouse would not be faithful to the book and boring. He was certainly not unhappy, but certainly boring. It was the answer to my prayers. Marianne was renamed Anna in the film, but most of the original story is the same. One day at school Anna draws a house in her scrap book (nothing extraordinary about it) then gets sick and every time she faints or falls asleep, she finds herself outside an old creepy house (and I mean genuinely nervous). Furthermore, he also finds that every time he inserts something new into the drawing he appears in the dream world, for example an apple tree. Anna draws in the dream world a rather sad boy by name who seems to be a person in the real world. Mark is a cripple but wants to get out of the house, but Anna, kindly, draws into a lighthouse (a place to go), but the problem remains the sign cannot walk. So Anna decides to involve her father. He takes out his pencil and does too much work, but the result is deformed and Anna is not particularly fond of her eyes. Quote "seems crazy". So Anna tries to delete it and start again, but the pencil turns out to be indelible (which means that nothing can be erased). Then Anna loses her composure and cuts her father's eyes! I also leave you to discover yourself the terrible consequences of the impulsive action. <br /> <br /> Paperhouse really is the British answer to A Nightmare on elm Street! The vision of this film left me upset and upset. But I found what I was looking for after 2 years. The question is how to dose the comparison with Psycho? Answer, 1 old dark house, 2 psychological fears of the parents, 3 a genuine shock, 4 and very scary music.
