Anna (Charlotte Burke) develops a strange fever that makes her faint and drift in a world of her own creation. A squalid world that he drew with a sad little boy like the inhabitant of an old, disconnectable house in the middle of a lonely field. Lack of details, like every child who designs the house and Marc (who can't walk because Anna didn't draw his legs) is an inhabitant of this world of purgatory / limbo. Anna starts visiting the boy and the house more often trying to figure out what it is and in the process trying to help save the boy, but his fever is making it more difficult for her to wake up every time and could not only kill her but trap her and Marc there forever. <br /> <br /> Wow! It is a good word to sum up Bernard Rose's brilliantly disturbing and poetic Paperhouse. A film so simple that it is practically impossible to explain and impossible to forget. While you can find this puppy in your horror section it is anything but. It's more of a serious fantasy, directed by experts and exceptionally well interpreted by the cast, in particular by Charlotte Burke and Elliot Speirs (Marc). Still, it's not even a children's movie, but he wanted us to remember those carefree days that are now just dark memories. Rose creates a rich tapestry of moody atmosphere that creates an electrifying setting for the brilliant story and the great actors to play with. Paperhouse does not try to explain its most dreamy qualities and leaves most things to the imagination of the spectators. Here there is a lot of symbolism and ambiguity for sinking teeth. Paperhouse enjoys playing with the mind of the spectators, captivating with his personal sense of reasoning. As the story unfolded, I was still and still struck by the power of the film to be up to the final that left a smile on my face and a tear in my eyes. <br /> <br /> The images of Bernard Rose are brilliant here. It is able to create a disturbing atmosphere that appears simple on the surface, but as a whole is much larger than the sum of its parts. The acting of the young Charlotte Burke in this, her first feature film, is really impressive. Unfortunately she hasn't loved the screen since. A well deserved Burnout Central award seems appropriate for that performance. Towards the end, the film remained a little still here and there, but I was easily able to ignore it. I wanted them to have taken a darker turn to create a much more powerful ending that would prove all the more unnerving and compelling in retrospect. The film as it is, is still one for the books and deserves to be seen by any serious movie lover. It is a poetic turn told through the innocent eyes of a child, a powerful film in which much remains to be meditated and much more to be praised.
