I miss the company Vestron, which in the 1980s certainly had the pulse of unique and unusual cinema. This is very evident with the surprising Paperhouse, a film that touches me deeply every time I look at it. <br /> <br /> The idea of ​​a girl who manipulates a dream world with her drawings (therefore the dream world that manipulates reality), and also connect and influence the life of a boy who has never met , it is fascinating and never disappoints. At first Charlotte Burke looks rather precocious, yet she warms her up because being a little mischievous, it makes it difficult for adults to believe what she is experiencing. She becomes very self-aware and strong towards the end, also finding that she does not "hate boys", as she argued so provocatively in the beginning. Through this we are treated to many moving moments and some immensely scary, all visually surprising with a soundtrack by Hans Zimmer. I am quite proud to be the owner of the CD soundtrack when it was released in the United States on RCA Victor. At the time of this writing there is no Paperhouse DVD still available in the United States (only in Europe), I hope one of my wishes comes true because I really love this beautiful movie and a DVD of it would be very welcome! br /> <br /> It's satisfying to see the girl process her thoughts like a puzzle game trying to make the dream world work for her and her new friend Marc (Elliot Spiers). Both Charlotte Burke and Elliot Spiers do a magnificent job everywhere, I find the editorial comment on Amazon.com that it is "hammy acting" rather perplexed - I found every aspect of hilarious Paperhouse. Even in minor scenes of brilliance such as when Charlotte and the girl in the classroom stare at each other through the glass of a door, it is quite powerful. <br /> <br /> You don't have to be an author to have fun with Paperhouse, just be a person who enjoys a film that stimulates and makes you want more. There is enough in this film to invite repeated visions and I'm still intimidated by cinematography and sets. For me, it's never like watching the same movie twice, because there are so many details to absorb and savor. A truly exciting experience. <br /> <br /> While there are many films that I adore, there are only a few specific ones that strike me in a very emotional way: movies like Paperhouse, Static, Resurrection and Donnie Darko. When I see so many dreks out there that pass like films that will be easily forgotten and in good business, all I have to do is look at Paperhouse and my faith in the wonderful narrative is renewed.
