This film opened for poor shows in the first weeks. Then Meena Kumari died and just broke the crowd. Songs on All India Radio, in particular the Inhi logo, were played so often that I was sick of them at the time, despite having recognized their beauty! <br /> <br /> Yes, it took all those years to do. This was because the marriage was very unhappy and even Kamal Amrohi had difficulty finding the money to make the film; looking at the sumptuous ensembles and costumes, not surprising !! Meena Kumari not only grows old and becomes ill, but listens carefully to Lata's voice. Inhi logoN has the youngest voice of the 50s while songs that have been re-recorded as Chalo dildar chalo show a clear development. I just hope somebody finds Ghulam Mohammad's songs that weren't included in the movie, due to the change in fashions that required less songs and published them. Lata in a recent interview (2007) rated Ghulam Mohammad as one of the best composers I've ever worked with, except for Madan Mohan (a great personal friend). Note also that it is difficult to see the actors in the very unusual dildar Chalo songs. There is only a short shot of Raj Kumar from the middle distance and only the back of the alleged Meena Kumari is seen. Kamal Amrohi made a virtue out of necessity and focused on the stars and the moon. Any other film, this song would have had close-ups of both. <br /> <br /> Although it is the best film ever, I beg to disagree. It means that you have lost a lot of Indian cinema, in no particular order, such as Barsaat (old), Devdas (previous versions), Bandini, Do Bigha Zameen, Garam Hava, Dastak, Guddi, Aan, Pyasa, Kagaz ke Phool, Sahib Bibi aur Ghulam, Kabuliwallah, Abhimaan, Guide, Sujatha, Bombay ka Babu, Daag, Parineeta (old), Umrao Jaan, etc. Etc. And if you value music more than history, the list would simply grow with the beautiful scores of Barsat Ki Raat in Naya Daur, Teesri Manzil, Mahal, Aag, Jugnu, Anand, Mera Naam Joker: the list is really endless! <br /> <br /> So enjoy Pakeezah but don't miss any of the above ....
