Emilio Miraglia's debut feature Giallo, Evelyn's night came out of the grave, it was a great combination of yellow and gothic horror - and this second film is even better! This time we have more of the yellow side of the equation, although Miraglia does not lose the gothic horror style that made the film a previous pleasure. Miraglia puts more emphasis on the finer details of the plot this time, and as a result is the typical yellow maze, with characters everywhere and red herring being thrown in minutes. This is definitely a bonus for the movie, although sometimes it can get a little too confusing; there is always enough to support the public's interest and Miraglia's story has improved since his first film. The plot opens with a scene in which two girls fight, before the grandfather explains to them the legend of a rather dirty painting in their castle. The legend revolves around a woman called "The Red Queen" who, according to legend, returns from the grave every hundred years and kills seven people. A few years later, murders begin to occur ... <br /> <br /> Although he only produced two Yellow, Miraglia has his set of tributes. It is obvious that red is important to him, since it is present in both films; and he seems to have something against women called "Evelyn". He loves castles, gothic atmospheres and fashionable murders, which is fine for me! Miraglia may not be Silver when it comes to spilling blood, but he certainly knows how to drop a murderer over in his film; and here are delights involving a Volkswagen Beetle and a death on an iron fence that is one of my all-time death scenes. The female side of the cast is excellent with the stunning Barbara Bouchet and Marina Malfatti heading into a cast of girls who are not afraid to take off their clothes! The score courtesy of Bruno Nicolai is captivating, and even if it does not present much of the psychedelic rock that is heard in The Night Evelyn Came Out of the Grave; fits the film well. The ending is something off, as if Miraglia is revitalizing the gothic atmosphere, it looks more than a little hurried and the identity of the murderer is too obvious. But even so, this is a pleasantly fun Yellow and one that I highly recommend to fans of the genre!
