Finally, I finally succeeded and managed to see a "clean" copy of Pakeezah! So far, I've only had one scratched and scratched version, recorded in Dubai TV in the 1990s, with English subtitles, dizzying widescreen coverage and a fluid color with a mind all of its own. Having thought that the world of such a poor (and short) copy I find that the decent one was worth the wait and the full 140 minutes even more than a pleasure than I thought possible. <br /> <br /> This was the beautiful film by Meena Kumari from beginning to end, and I believe it was planned by her from 1958 onwards, finally making it count in 1971. Too bad that chronic alcoholism she finally killed a little later, and that she was too sick to perform in some scenes in Pakeezah, which required a double body. In some scenes the tension definitely shows in his face. <br /> <br /> The history of Purity against adversity I can only treat as fiction without having experienced anything remotely close to it, but I am led to understand that it faithfully describes a world that has now gone and which must have been common at once India. It is a sparkling and colorful film with a simple unstoppable epic message, an intense romantic tragedy that is also somehow felt at the same time. But for me it is the incomparable golden music of Ghulam Mohammed sung by the incomparable Lata Mangeshkar - especially Thare Rahiyo - and his part in the unfolding of the story that makes this film so exceptional. I have rarely heard such serious, beautiful, poetic songs, wonderfully sung and played on any movie soundtrack. Singin 'In The Rain could be my favorite movie, but Pakeezah has my favorite music - yet Lata said the songs themselves meant nothing special to her. The only pity is that even the only Mohammed Rafi had the only song here, although a classic duet with Lata. <br /> <br /> Because of all this, but not blind to its faults, Pakeezah is my favorite Indian film, shot at a time when India's westernization was taking hold and now looked at when values Westerners seem to be sponsored by the state and rigor. At least he looks at Pakeezah for a taste of what "Indian" pop music had to offer the world before it was expelled for drum machines, the Bollywood Beat and the bhangra.
