The Power of Kangwon Province is the second feature by director Hong Sang-Soo and clearly much of what he started in his previous films in this film, including multiple connected narratives (in this case two) and stories of problems or concerns relationships, as well as a powerful dose of irony. <br /> <br /> One thing that is clearly reduced by his previous work is the flights of fancy which included elements of surrealism. However, this film also contains a single surreal moment that strikes a contrast with the otherwise rather realistic representation found there. The two stories follow a young woman who goes on a trip to Kangwon province with her friends, only to find herself attracted to a stranger, the second of a man who goes on a trip to Kangwon province with his friend and fights with his relationship Once again, Hong shows a strong understanding of the irony and defects of human nature, yet I don't think he is completely unpleasant when it comes to his characters, drawing only on compassion to compensate for the criticism he draws with his irony. I think the fact of having learned to love Hong movies is that they feel so real, especially the complex and conflicting characters. Not to say that every person is a hypocrite or suffers from confused feelings, but rather, that these characters that he and the actors present, feel fully developed and credible. <br /> <br /> This is not a fast-moving movie. There is a lot of time and as in the previous film, things do not always connect immediately, so patience pays off and in surprising ways. There does not seem to be any element of the film that is not intentionally inserted into the film and made me a bit over-aware of various seemingly extra characters that are dragged into the mix as the movie progresses. <Br /> <br /> Power is an excellent film that manages to inject a level of personal emotion, regret, desire for a story that highlights the irony and fallibility of human decision-making. It is a fairly difficult balance to maintain and it is surprising how Hong manages to make it twice in a row. Technical production values ​​have improved a lot since the first film and the direction became constant and clear. This film does not contain the same emotional effect as the first, but gains a lot in its safe exploration and refinement really helps to reinforce the overall vision. Excellent vision for lovers of art cinema. 8/10.
