Fever Pitch has many of the clichés we have come to identify with romantic Hollywood comedies: a relationship between two people with little in common, the secret that he has hidden that he discovers, the inevitable rupture, and the public itself ?? well, i won't go any further but get the photo. Despite his predictability, it works, especially if you love baseball like I do, even though I'm not as obsessive as Ben Wrightman, a Boston teacher played by Saturday Night Live comedian Jimmy Fallon. <br /> <br /> Adapted from a Nick Hornby novel by veteran screenwriters Lowell Ganz and Babaloo Mandel, Ben is a lifelong Boston Red Sox fan whose uncle gave him season tickets when he was seven and is all his life remained emotionally blocked at that point at the expense of his relationships with women. Ben is not just a fan but a "fanatic" who goes to Fort Meyers, Florida every winter for the Red Sox Spring Training games and never loses a home game during the regular season. His family is not made up of parents or siblings, but the group mates who attend each game with him and his bedroom is not a place to sleep, but a Red Sox museum to visit. <br /> <br /> When he falls for business consultant Lindsay Meeks (Drew Barrymore), he is threatened with the possibility of growth, but Ben is not yet ready to do so. She would rather attend the Yankee series than go to Baltimore with her to meet her parents or go to Paris with her and miss the Anaheim series. His report is on the verge of dissolving, for him to stop and reflect on his priorities, especially when a small-sized Dr. Phil wannabe asks him "Do you love the Red Sox, but have they ever loved you?" While the premise of Fever Pitch is that some things are more important than baseball (you lose your mind), you would never know it from the way things look. Certainly, for anyone familiar with the history of the Boston Red Sox, it is a team that will break the hearts of its toughest fans - but this is 2004, the year the Child's curse ended and the Red Sox they move to a new level, Ben could do the same. Both the first performances are excellent and the Farrelly Brothers also manage a nice gag. While Fever Pitch will never be mistaken for an art film, it is a joyous fun that must be considered one of my guilty pleasures. Go Blue Jays!.
