Clint Tollinger arrives in a small town in search of his extraneous wife and the news of his daughter, while he finds her, the possibility of any kind of reconciliation is very subtle. While here, the sheriff and important citizens learn about Tollinger's reputation as a tamer of guns. While living in fear of a mysterious landowner who is uprooting the city from them a little at a time, they hold a meeting that chooses to hire Tollinger to rid the city of its unpleasant elements. <br /> <br /> Man With The Gun seems to be either a forgotten or very little seen piece, at the time of this writing, it has just over 200 votes and a paltry 9 user comments written for it. It's a shame for both soundtracks, even though production values ​​shout that this is a B western movie, it's a beautiful voice in the Western genre. That the piece takes on a rather standardized plot theme of a perched city that turns to an obscure avenger angel, probably didn't do any favors in the film over the years, I myself read the synopsis and thought it was just another in the line of the same theme images. However I was pleasantly surprised to find a darkly dramatic image that boasts many pleasant moments, both technically and as a working story. <br /> <br /> Robert Mitchum is in the lead as Tollinger, perfectly cast, passes through the image as some menacing threat. We often talk about the presence on the screen that John Wayne and Charlton Heston had (justifiably obviously), Mitchum is right up there with the best of them. A sequence here sees him standing in the shadows at the back of a room while a meeting is taking place, we don't see his face, but we can feel that piercing tuft staring at us! The rest of the cast is also very much in the shadow of Mitchum, so it is only with the great man that the films that play the credentials are high, perhaps it is unfair to locate Ted de Corsia for a kick, but the minor flaws of Man With The Gun I am with his villains, and unfortunately in Lane I miss all sorts of villain threat. Alex North's soundtrack is exceptionally layered {Spartacus fans will certainly be rubbing their ears} and Lee Garmes' photography is really impressive when you realize that most of this picture was shot in the studio lot. Directed and co-written by first-time director Richard Wilson, Man With The Gun has few surprises for the genre, but is dark, violent and, above all, highly watchable. 7.5 / 10
