'A Special Day' is a film that has a title so familiar that I thought I had seen it more than once. Now that I've finally seen it, I'm very happy. This is one of the best Italian films I know, with one of the most wonderful performances by Marcello Mastroianni, who plays in other masterpieces such as "La Dolce Vita" and "8 1/2", both by the great Federico Fellini. Directed by Ettore Scola, this is a film that takes the time to present the characters and slowly develops a story on a special day, the day when Adolf Hitler visited Rome. Marcello Mastroianni plays Gabriele, the neighbor Antonietta (Sophia Loren). It's part of Mussolini's party, he's rather fanatical in his thoughts, and he's no longer a member. The reason I won't reveal it. On the day when every person in their building, including her husband and her children, is out to see Hitler, they are still in the building. Antoinette's bird escapes and flies to Gabriele's apartment, and that's how the two meet. Just before Antonietta went to Gabriele she thought of killing herself, again for reasons I won't reveal. How history will develop from here I will not reveal it, but it is what happens between the two that makes this day so special, not the fact that Hitler is in Rome. <br /> <br /> As I said, Mastroianni has a wonderful performance. See that he is a man who desperately wants someone around him, even if at first we don't know why. It may be that he likes Antoinette, it may be that he is in love with her, perhaps there are other reasons. Antonietta feels what we hear. What does this man want from her? She likes attention anyway. Let's see how he makes his hair look attractive to men. Loren also plays the scenes very well. We understand his questions, although we cannot be sure what his intentions are. The moments when we discover both their secrets, if this is what you can call, is a great moment. The way the story develops from there is even more interesting, but I don't want to ruin it for you. This is a movie you should see. Great shows and a beautiful cinematography, and the message it offers continues today.
