As already mentioned, the best ever version of the Homer epic. Entirely shot in natural places in the Mediterranean. The sea and the sky are extraordinarily blue, the islands green and intact. The clothing is in linen, wool and fur, the stony and bare settings, everything is a bit rough and primitive, a bit like the one that will be found in the films of Cacoyannis or Pasolini, and makes it even more authentic. Although the plot is based on myths and is largely supernatural, it gives us a good idea of ​​what life would have been like in the tenth century BC. <br /> <br /> The pace is rather slow and austere, but the whole thing is so beautiful that you get there right away. In reality, it is incredibly close to the original plot of Homer, if not the text itself. Ulysses does not appear until the first hour, the beginning is centered on the son who takes care of him. Then suddenly he appears lost in a storm, he lands on the Pheacian island where the royal family takes care of him. His adventures are told in a flashback as a narration to his guests: the terrifying Cyclop, the magical world of Circe, Hell, the Sirens etc. Eventually, after 20 years, he returns to his native land, Ithaca, and everything ends dramatically with the murder of the suitors of his faithful bride Penelope. <br /> <br /> As a story, the Odyssey is an unprecedented metaphor for the struggles of a man's life. The cast is brilliant and international here. Irene Papas gives us a typical performance in Greek tragedy like Penelope, but the most surprising is the Albanian actor Bekim Fehmiu in the role of Ulysses. Really beautiful and totally convincing, it seems that the role was really made for him. Strange that roles of this size were never offered to him afterwards. Nausicaa also plays Barbara Bach (like Barbara Gregorini) later famous as James Bond's girlfriend in "The Spy Who Loved Me", and play Athena is Michele Breton, who was otherwise noticed in the strange film called "Performance" with Mick Jagger . <br /> <br /> As was done 35 years ago, the series was actually rather an innovation for its time, like the first major European co-production for TV (Italy, France, Germany and Yugoslavia). I have seen this 8-part mini-series on French television since 1974. I was a kid then, and although it was all in black and white, it left a very vivid impression. All my life I wondered if I would ever have the chance to see it again, as it has never been shown on TV later. <br /> <br /> I recently found a copy on DVD (all in wonderful colors) through the Internet. Unfortunately it is only in Italian without subtitles, although there were French and German versions. I have never heard that there was an English version of this film as it is largely unknown in the Anglo-Saxon world, and it is a real shame. If you ever get the chance to see it, you will never forget it. <br /> <br /> There were not many versions of the Odyssey before or after. Camerini's 1955 with Kirk Douglas is a classic sword-and-sandal as "the 10 commandments", but not so impressive and very short for such a complex story. The 1997 one by Konchalovsky is a worthy Hollywood movie, based on special effects, sometimes quite bloody, misinterpreted and very far from the story and atmosphere of Homer.
