No, this is not a sequel to the fabulous OVA series, but rather a remake of the events that occurred after Ghim's death (and the disappearance of Woodchuck). It's even more accurate for the novels that inspired this wonderful series, which is why the characters (Orson and Shiris) are reintroduced and why the story may seem slightly different from those used for the OAV. (The booklet included in the set provides excellent answers to these questions, as do various online sites.) The first eight episodes of this 27-part TV series focus on the fateful battle at Demon Dragon Mountain. The remaining 19 episodes introduce us to Spark, an aspiring blue-haired knight who identifies himself with Parn, and his group of misfits trying to stop the Dark Wizard Wagnard from resurrecting Kardis the Destroyer. <br /> <br /> is not exactly the equivalent of the original LODOSS WAR (we all love the ending in which Parn saves Deedlit by Wagnard, right?), this television sequel is still a lot of fun for fantasy fans. Although the animation is limited (and a step back from the art series of the first LODOSS), this 27-part series has its elements of attraction. The fully realized characters, the compelling storyline, the magic, the romance and a superb soundtrack signed by Kaoru Wada of NINJA SCROLL, give all these unequal spin-offs. <br /> <br /> While the OVA dubbing of LODOSS has criticized for one reason or another, in general I liked it and still consider it one of my favorite dubs. So I had high hopes for the dubbing of CHRONICLES, made in 1999-2000. For the most part, the English LODOSS TV track is of passable quality (if not stellar); however it has its share of problems. Most of the original cast who lent their English voices to the characters of LODOSS return (including Lisa Ortiz as Deedlit!), Which is a nice bonus. On the other hand, the more mature Parn sounding from Billy Regan is a bit off. He doesn't do a bad job, but his voice proved grateful for the first eight episodes (causing some anti-dub fans to immediately disagree with the dubbing), but when Spark and the company took the stage, I found it less annoying . (I don't know if it's because he's improved or if he just grew up with me.) Also, not all OAV dub users come back. Jayce Reeves speaks only Wagnard (terrifyingly) for an episode; he is replaced by Pete Zarustica for the entire show, which gives a scratchy but still wicked turn (as well as the expected evil laughter). Anthony Cruise's Kashue, on the other hand, is too tired and takes about five or more episodes to find his pace. Oliver Gregory is probably the most effective of Orson, especially during his final dramatic scenes. <br /> <br /> In addition to Lisa Ortiz (Deedlit), Karen Smith (Shiris), John Knox (Ashram) and Al Muscari (Slayn The best voices of the dubbing come from some of the new characters, including Crispin Freeman (Spark , Maar, Garrack-episodes 16-27-), Roxanne Beck (Little Neese), Meg Frances (who expresses Pirotess in the OAV but also Ryna voices with vulnerability and sassiness besides Karla) and in particular Angora Deb (who steals every scene in which he presents himself as Leaf the Half-Elf). The rest of the cast is not terrible at all, but a little more irregular than the OAV dub Some are in place (Aldonova, Greevus) while others are lackluster (Hobb , palace guards, dragons, etc.) And few were horrible (in particular, the Prince Reona's VA is too harsh and monotonous for a warrior of justice). <br /> In fact, the lack of auditory continuity (some members of the cast get new voices for an inexplicable reason from the moment we get to some of the latest episodes) it's one of the problems of dubbing. Others include less memorable and more embarrassing dialogues, non-uniform synchronization and finally (I apologize in advance to fans of this) the LODOSS ISLAND segments. These unusual and superform interludes will entertain you or drive you crazy at the end of each episode. Let's face it, at first I thought they were a big nuisance, but after a while they grew on me. (Also, there are some incredibly hilarious lines like "I'm King Kashue, and this is my CASHEW! I'm REALLY crazy!") These defects classify CHRONICLES dubbing only a notch just below that of the OVA, resulting in an uneven English trace summarized as "OK". <br /> <br /> If one wonders if the track in Japanese is the preferred listening choice, well, guess what? Even the Japanese version has its positive and negative sides. While some voices are less annoying than the English track, I found others less interesting than the English equivalents (in particular, the actress who does Deedlit is not at all as good as Lisa Ortiz or Yumi Tohma). Also, I should mention that the Japanese cast IS NOT THE SAME AS THE OVA. Since the series was made seven years after the original, all but one (Sho Hayami) of the cast members have been replaced by new ones. Although they do a respectably good job, it could be a big nuisance for those who were used to the Japanese OVA cast. Show that not everything in Japanese is better than English, eh? Despite its flaws, CHRONICLES OF THE HEROIC KNIGHT is still a beautiful series that deserves to keep its own terrain. It is not without its critical points and not always up to its predecessor, yet there are enough good points to counteract the evil, making this a moderately fun fantasy fantasy.
