In artistic terms, the 70s were a very turbulent era. In literature and the visual arts, it was the closure of a great period of creativity of fifty or sixty years that has yet to be resumed. In music it has been a decade that many see as a low point, due to rock and the company disco. On television it was a golden age for situations comedies, from The Odd Couple to Mary Tyler Moore Show to M * A * S * H ​​for All In The Family, but in the film it was also a period of creativity larger in all genres, which saw the rise of American authors such as Robert Altman, Francis Ford Coppola and Martin Scorsese, from the ashes of the old study systems that had dominated Hollywood for over half a century. These directors wanted to create literary and artistic films for the masses, the kind that had been used in Europe since the end of the Second World War. Still, the studios tried to keep up, with socially conscious films of the kind not seen since the 1930s. <br /> <br /> But, unlike the films of the 1930s, they played actors like Jimmy Cagney and John Garfield (usually co-starring Dead End Kids), which dealt with social topics in a realistic and realistic way, or as realistic as one could get on a sound stage, the social conscience of the late 1960s and early 1970s manifested itself most in science fiction films, which allowed Hollywood's left wing to preach to the masses in disguise of what most considered just above the comic shows. There was a precedent for this approach, as many of the flying saucer films of the 1950s dealt with the political zeitgeist of the McCarthy era, most notably The Day The Earth Stood Still and Invasion Of The Snatchers. And the early 1960s saw Rod Serling constantly subverting the political conservatism of the time, turning social issues into science fiction settings in his classic science fiction anthology, The Twilight Zone. Among the studio offers of this period were Silent Running, ecologically sensitive; The first film by George Lucas THX 1138, which dealt with consumerism, group thought and existentialism; and Logan's Run, which has hammered communism and state control against an individual's rights. Some of the film's references are rather heavy - and the smell of the current Arab oil crisis and rampant inflation. Some chapped strawberries cost $ 150, and Soylent rationes his assorted colorful foods - Soylent Yellow, Soylent Red and the new Soylent Green, which is believed to be produced by the "best underwater growth", in a way not unlike the gas rationing of the time . Scenes of food riots are disturbing echoes of the oil riots in many service stations during the year of the film's release, and the scenes of crowding and bodies, living and dead, that lie all around are still chilling, as well as influential. A subsequent film like Escape From New York is an obvious descendant. The rest of the script, by Stanley R. Greenberg, is rather pedestrian, and fairly standard for a dystopian film, but Fleischer and cinematographer Richard H. Kline do a great job of filling the screen with interesting images and sounds, to spice up things above. The use of soft and poorly lit images, filtered in a dark way, adds a touch of Stygian to the film's New York, almost like a colorful version of Vampyr by Carl Theodor Dreyer. The only light in the film comes from artificial sources, and if it weren't for fashion, the film might indeed seem timeless. <br /> <br /> The end of the film, where Thorn creeps into the processing plant where the corpses are turned into waffles by Soylent Green, is both chilling and strangely without drama. Eventually, Soylent's followers drive out Thorn, but he survives long enough to pronounce the slogan of the film on Chief Hatcher. Still, it is not known if it is sufficient, because Hatcher has already been co-opted and has a proven track record of taking the easy way out. However, this fact and its ambiguity show that the film does not summarize the dilemmas of its characters, and has a depth that many subsequent films, better made, sci-fi or not, do not have. It is also the reason why Soylent Green is still a film worth watching.
