Document a documenter. This is a way to describe Keep the river on your right: a modern tale of cannibals. This film follows the anthropologist Tobias Schneebaum, who returned to the places where he spent time as a field researcher over 40 years ago in the late 1970s, first in West Papua and then in Peru. Tobias is a full-bodied character: a Jewish gay artist anthropologist who makes his living on a cruise ship to teach humpbacked tourists about the cultures he came to for deep respect and understanding. Author of several books documenting his time with both the Asmat people of West Papua and the cannibal amazons in Peru, Tobias has been obsessed by what happened in his time in these places and by how intimate his connection was and his his reports. Yet Tobias's constant amazement and appreciation of the places he has known is admirable and a real pleasure to watch. One can only hope to obtain and maintain such humility alone. <br /> <br /> Tobias is an interesting topic for the study, as the experiences he faced as he immersed himself in these two tribal societies left him fundamentally changed. This film challenges the notions of morality and "naturalness" - eg. nudity, homosexuality, cannibalism. (Watch for the graphic circumcision scene). Asked why he engaged in some of the local practices that others would morally denounce, his non-judgmental nature asks: "Why not?" Who has to say that the way of other cultures is right or wrong? This little sleeper is a must for not only National Geographic types, but also those interested in the art of documentary making. This film shows what can be done filmed on video. The assembly provides a silent revelation of Tobias's life that lets you look fascinated. Sometimes, he is desperate to have been driven by the film crew to make the emotional journey, especially considering his age and his physical frailty. We can be thankful that Tobias allowed the tables to turn on himself, perhaps sympathizing with the desire to understand humanity and its place in the world. Filmmakers provide some moments of critical balance, for example presenting an anthropologist who believes that Tobias predetermined his (homosexuality in this case) discoveries based on his personal interests. That said, you can't decide when to stop being shocked and when to take this man home for a cuddle. Move over River Queen, this is the best river ride I've done in an instant.
