The world of the 1973 sci-fi drama SOYLENT GREEN is what we could see if we are not careful. It is a world in which the population of New York has exceeded 40 million in the year 2022. Overpopulation, air pollution, one year long heat waves and food shortages are the rule. The only hope comes from a food product called Soylent Green. But what is this food stuff really made of? This question is at the center of this film, certainly a little dated but still intriguing, based on the 1966 Harry Harrison novel "Make Room! Make Room!" Charlton Heston plays Thorne, a New York police detective who runs into the murder of a senior executive (Joseph Cotten). Apparently, Cotten was on the board of directors of Soylent Corporation, the people responsible for all those food items that people have to consume instead of the real thing. Heston believes this was not just a garden murder, that Cotten was expelled for a reason. He gets a lot of help from his slightly vulgar but very astute "book" (Edward G. Robinson, in his 101st and last film appearance), and some timely remembrance of what the world was like. What Robinson discovers of Soylent Green upsets him beyond imagination; but before he can tell Heston everything he knows, he also has a self-assessment. And when Heston truly discovers the secret of Soylent Green ... well, that part has become immortalized in the history of cinema. <br /> <br /> Under the very professional guidance of director Richard Fleischer (THE BOSTON STRANGLER; FANTASTIC Voyage), Soylent Green is a rather sinister but inspiring look for a dystopian future that humanity could live if we do not hold up tendency to deprive our planet of its natural resources. In fact, this was a project Heston had in mind for filming since 1968, having achieved gold in the sci-fi genre with PLANET OF THE APES - a fact that is probably lost every time his ultra-conservative political philosophy comes into conversation (after all, SOYLENT GREEN is certainly not a treaty for unbridled capitalism). Robinson, as always, is the consummate professional in his last role; the sequence in which euthanasia (while watching the video of the world from a better era, based on the music of Tchaikovsky, Beethoven and Grieg) is simply heartbreaking. The film also benefits from the solid support of Chuck Connors (as a very convincing character), Brock Peters (as Heston's superior) and Leigh Taylor-Young as the woman who tries to help Heston in his investigations. <br /> <br /> It must seem easy these days to liquidate the SOYLENT GREEN to be dated. But those who do it should think twice; because the world of this film could end up becoming our reality if we don't look at what we do with what we have today.
