Like all environmentally conscious films of the 1970s, SOYLENT GREEN has a rather rough view of what ecological fusion is. Overpopulation means that there are too many people to feed? I had the impression that famines were caused by a war or failed economic policies. Stalin's policy in the Soviet Union in the 1930s left millions dead due to famine and to date the largest man has committed a tragedy in Mao's rural China policy, which has caused over 30 million deaths per hunger in the 50s. And let's not forget the great famines in the Horn of Africa in the 1980s and 1990s that had to do with conflicts, not overpopulation. You might also consider that two of the most populated areas of the Earth, Hong Kong and Macao, have never suffered a famine in modern times. Likewise, the expansion of slums around cities as seen here is not strictly linked to overpopulation, but to economic factors in which people flock to cities to find better paid jobs than in the countryside (it is a symptom of industrial progress - not of too many births), so the image of the streets of New York is too congested to cross and having people sleeping in the stairwells is a bit ridiculous <br /> <br /> But don't be fooled into thinking that the GREEN FEEL is a pile of horny tree that embraces shit because I consider this the best ecological film of the 70s. Play on the public's scornful knowledge of the world in which Sol and Thorn are beside themselves with joy in finding fruit, brandy and fresh meat. Thorn gasps for having ice in his whiskey, puffing a cigarette and throwing the classic phrase "If I could afford it I'd smoke two, maybe three of these a day". But it is the face of the euthanasia chamber that is memorable as Thorn looks at images of wild animals, flowers, flowing water and snow-capped mountains, a world that Thorn's generation has never known. This is a very disturbing scene that makes SOYLENT GREEN a very memorable film, combined with the fact that it presents the appearance on the final screen of Edward G Robinson as the old Jew Sol Roth
