"The Garden of Allah" is a prime example of "popular female literature", a style of the twentieth century, which combines all the power of unbridled erotic and exotic fantasies with the stimulating charm of false mysticism and the sado-masochistic bite of Catholic guilt. Just as Jane Eyre could not really be happy until her castle burned around her and her lover was permanently crippled for her sins, or "Rebecca's" heroine could not find true fulfillment in her marriage until when his master was put on trial for the murder of his first wife (and his castle burned around her), or poor Psyche could not leave well enough alone and had to extract Cupid's secret at all costs, Domini, the devoted Catholic heroine of this piece of tripe, can only find true sexual fulfillment by inadvertently marrying a man who has renounced his sacred religious vows. Like all narratives that aim to stimulate the female reader and induce vapors, this is based on the oldest tricks of the book: basic misunderstandings and inability to express one's true feelings in the right place at the right time until it is too much late . The logic is that any extreme sexual ecstasy can be indulging as long as you are willing to pay a high enough price for atonement in the last act at the end. It is Paul Claudel reduced to the standards of beauty magazines. Oh well ... It could have been much worse and often it was ... <br /> <br /> Without the religious nuances, the plot of the film is that of your basic porn movie: the Oversexed monk maddened by abstinence runs away in the desert where he has some rolls in the dunes with a romantic, shapely but naive Catholic heritage before reintegrating his monastery, all the passion spent, leaving her to clean up her mess. And it really makes me feel the comparison of another commentator with "Thais" by Anatole France, a sophisticated novel whose intention was to make fun of the whole concept of Catholic sexual repression, some of which emerged in Massenet's eponymous work , Luckily. <br /> <br /> But what makes this painting unique in the annals of female commercial eroticism, of course, is the enormous constellation of talents gathered under a single flag to make this wet cinematic dream come to a vibrant and vibrant life. Unmissable technicolor photograph that will survive all of us, a truck full of worthy actors (including a cute dog), a soundtrack by Max Steiner that seems determined to make the "compound film" that Michael Powell (who, ironically, had a little in the silent version of 1927) has always dreamed, sometimes tilting to the edge of dissonance, but always through a splendid symphonic, operatic exoticism, a dreamlike atmosphere where material considerations are not object, the characters travel as by magic from one point to the next, the dialogue is scarce, vague and suggestive, the artistic direction is close to the celestial, the floral compositions appear in the most humble hut or tent, the heroine's wardrobe is inexhaustible and all the male characters are or aristocrats, saints, condemned but horny sinners, mystics or poets. <br /> <br /> Ahh ... Hollywood! The MGM DVD presentation of this film is bare but impeccable. The bit rate is very high, the color registration is almost always perfect and the mono 2.0 sound really does justice to Max Steiner's score and Boyer's penultimate confession. <br /> <br /> A historical note on this kind of "women" subject ": The following year (1937), Julien Duvivier, visibly inspired by" The Garden of Allah ", directed" Carnet de Bal ", in where a butter similar to a dress horse does not melt in the mouth the heroine (widowed after having taken care of a sick husband in the exotic distance of a villa on the incredibly romantic alpine lake) wants to find out what she lost by watching the dancers in her first dance book, she finds them all in time, only to realize that any feeling that there is a point between her and herself has been misunderstood, overrated or has had tragic consequences for her whole life.It was the cynical way of Duvivier to tell us to be wary of impossible idealistic notions and that we all need to grow sooner or later.
