I discovered this film after reading the book that inspired it. It is not a strictly biographical film; it is "freely based" on facts. But I found a compelling and compelling exploration of evil and madness, and Michel Serrault offers an unforgettable performance like Dr. Petiot. <br /> <br /> There are many memorable images in this film; Petiot travels through the night like a vampire, his black cape flapping behind him, it's almost iconic. There are also several touches of expressionism - the crooked shape of Petiot mounting the stairs leading from the cellar where the slaughtered remains of his victims await cremation, reminds me of some scenes from "Nosferatu". <br /> <br /> But I found the main attraction of this film to listen to. The soundtrack is full of threatening sounds, starting with the premonitory music of the opening titles, accompanied by a moan without words. Petiot lives and directs his medical practice in a complex with many small shops, and somewhere there is a persistent background noise of sharp knives, as well as a peddler who plays disturbing music on a saw. There are also animalistic noises - the goalkeeper keeps a goat at bay, invisible cats - and later in the film we see the unlucky cattle crossed by an underpass. The whole atmosphere is shocking, with tones of violence and massacres. <br /> <br /> Not only animals, but human voices are often heard - the screams of Gestapo victims, Petiot's patients in his waiting room, monitored by a listening device, just like the suspects contributors after the war are monitored in their cells. Even the action of the film is often organized so that we hear the voices of the participants without seeing them - when Petiot goes to visit Madame Kern, we hear her singing as she works, her voice echoing in the theater, before we ever see her. And even when she appears, she is often filmed from behind, her voice calling her husband, whose voice calls her into a conversation. The incorporeal voices echo in large halls, and their owners, when seen, are photographed from a distance, so we can't really see them speak. This is a ghost story, and these are the voices of ghosts - many of which are the future victims of Petiot. <br /> <br /> Petiot himself is often just a voice; his frightening laughter echoes as he retreats from the camera, throwing comments behind him or anyone in the air. In a sense, it is as much a ghost as those it kills. He is always frantically busy, running from one appointment to another, never resting. But his activity is that of a machine - without life and unperturbed. It is interesting that of all the horror and danger of occupied Paris, only Petiot is not afraid; he is amused, enthusiastic, angry, irritated, contemptuous, but never frightened, unlike those real people he draws to death. Not surprisingly, he boasts of his mechanical inventions, including a perpetual motion machine (a real detail of the book - he claimed to have invented many machines); he is a kind of perpetual motion machine itself. And the mechanical images are everywhere in the film, from the giant opening wheel in the movie house, to Petiot's bicycle (with its creaking wheels echoing the sound of sharp knives), to the Victrola who continues to play to play before killing. Even his routine with his victims is mechanical - write a note to your wife, let me dress you up before you leave, you need a vaccination, Barcelona, ​​Casablanca, Dakar - like a well-oiled machine, the routine is always the same , just like the record is always the same. <br /> <br /> Maeder, the author, says it was the mechanical perfection of his crimes that weighed so much against Petiot in his trial. His system was as fluid and efficient as a Nazi concentration camp, and this could be why the film invents a subplot of Petiot's involvement with the French Gestapo and the occupying Nazis. Unfortunately, it does not work as part of the story, because it is very difficult to understand what Petiot is doing for co-workers, or what happens when it ends up in their headquarters in the middle of the night. Body disposal? Hide the stolen assets? It's hard to say and harder to believe; it is not likely that the state would turn to a freelancer like Petiot. <br /> <br /> But it reminds us of the duality of evil people; Petiot is a thief and a murderer, but he is also a devoted father and husband. Just as we learned that Hitler loved dogs, and that the Nazis guilty of the worst war crimes could also be fathers and family members, we must recognize that Petiot could commit untold horrors and yet function normally. His madness is easily camouflaged by the madness and horror of the war situation in Paris; when killing, stealing and disappearing are happening all around, no one pays attention as Petiot throws more corpses onto the pile.
