I saw this movie at the Toronto International Film Festival. I loved it, and not just for the obvious reasons. Blindsight is a documentary about a group of blind Tibetan teenagers trying to climb one of the sister peaks of Mount Everest. Now, this kind of thing usually can't be missed. Inspirational. In movement. Quite standard, right? And even if the film were just that, I would have liked it anyway. But it was much more. Blinded, the German Sabriye Tenberken has created a school for blind children in Tibet, in a culture that sees blindness as a curse, as proof that a person has done bad things in a previous life. Many of the school children have been avoided for life and, at best, are a burden on their families. As part of their education, Tenberken shares with them the story of the American Erik Weihenmayer, the first blind to reach the summit of Mount Everest. She sends him a letter inviting him to visit his students. Instead, it comes with a plan. He will organize an expedition to pick up 23,000 feet in Lhakpa Ri and supply all the guides and equipment. Sabriye finds six eager participants and that's when the fun begins. <br /> <br /> Erik's team is mostly American, mostly male, and mostly sighted. As experienced climbers, they are Type A personalities, very gung-ho and goal-oriented. Sabriye is European, feminine and blind, and students are more of a "project" to her, no matter how well-intentioned they are. Furthermore, students are Tibetans and not old enough or confident enough to defend themselves. As the expedition takes place, they become pawns between the two adult "sides", eager to please both, while at the same time wanting to gain the trust that comes from the result. As a further obstacle (in addition to being blind, that is), they speak English as a second or, in most cases, a third language, and struggle to understand and be understood. <br /> <br /> When it turns out that none of the students have any climbing experience, and that some are much more coordinated than others, it begins to reveal Erik's original plan for everyone to reach the summit together. As both students and teachers start to suffer the effects of high altitude, decisions need to be made about whether to continue or send some down the mountain. Among the effects of high altitude there is greater irritability, and you can see how this fuels conflict between adults. At the risk of oversimplifying, on the one hand there are those for whom the destination is all, and on the other those who just want to enjoy the journey. I won't tell you how it will end, except to say that this was one of the most surprising and inspiring stories I've seen in a long time. <br /> <br /> The film also weaves pieces of every climber's story into the story, and this was absolutely necessary, as once uphill, children tended to keep their heads down and their mouths shut. With all the drama surrounding them, it wasn't surprising. The background is sometimes fascinating and heartbreaking, and I found it very strange that I found myself closer to tears at the beginning of the film than at the end. This was contrary to my expectations, and another pleasant surprise. <br /> <br /> In addition to all the human drama to be covered, director Walker and his small crew have had to deal with cold, oxygen-free conditions, dragging equipment across the mountains and hoping it won't break . Like all great documentaries, the director was fortunate enough (or smart enough, or sufficiently prepared) to be in the right place at the right time, and he captured a very special story that has so much to say about the people who want to "what it is better for children "as it does for children themselves.
