There is an episode of The Simpsons that has a joke news report that refers to an army training base as a "Killbot Factory". Here the comment is simply part of a throwaway joke, but what Patricia Foulkrod's documentary does, frighteningly, shows us that it is not so far from the truth. After the Second World War the US military decided to tackle a problem they faced during the war; many soldiers entered the battle and found themselves totally unable to kill another human being unless it was "me or them". Since then, the US military training process has been to remove all moral scruples and turn recruits into killing machines that don't think of fighters as people. Develop a more unnatural state in them: "The sustainable impulse to kill". <br /> <br /> First of all, this is not an anti-war film as such. While he certainly paints the war in a very bad light, Foulkrod focuses rather on an aspect that does not receive media attention such as, for example, the debate on the legality of a war or its physical successes or failures; the influence on the process of turning a man into a soldier has a human being on that person. It is the paradox that training someone to be a soldier to defend society makes them totally unfit to live as part of that society, and while most of the examples and respondents come from the current Middle East conflict, Foulkrod makes connections with past conflicts, especially Vietnam, painfully clear. This is not a particular war, it is the problems caused by war in general. <br /> <br /> Structurally the film seems to be divided into three sections; how recruits in the army and the training they receive are recruited, how they are treated once they are in combat and what happens when they leave the army. Once you reach this point, you realize that the main objective of this film is actually the policies that are inherent in the armed forces, the policies that are put in place to make soldiers an emotional fighting force, but removing all the humanity from individuals. Respondents tell the camera how the recruitment process seems so simple and clean, how words like "democracy" and "freedom" are linked, but once the training begins they become "enemies" and "kill" and "destroy". Like once in action, soldiers do not care what they are ordered to do, as they are rooted in the idea that as soon as they execute an order, whatever it is, they are one step closer to returning home. They have no political or social ideals to fight, but they fight and kill because that's what they were trained to do. <br /> <br /> But the main objective of The Ground Truth is to highlight the way the US military rejects those who fought for their country when they returned home. There is no real rehabilitation given to the return of the soldiers, and many are forced to return home unable to cope with what they have seen and done, and most policies seem to be to make sure the army has no no legal responsibility for psychological affects. the soldiers collect. This is the last shame, that once they are used they are cast out. <br /> <br /> If there is a flaw in the film it is that Foulkrod does not attempt to show another side to the discussion. You would get the impression that every single soldier who ever went to war returned with post traumatic stress syndrome. It would have been interesting to see those of a ?? a less liberal education gives their opinion on how the army handles training and policies. There is never the possibility that the other side of the topic becomes known. <br /> <br /> But apart from that it is a documentary made with skill, and the use of Foulkrod of repertoire material and music is perfectly used to cross a side of the war that is too often exceeded when we talk of the fallout of the war.
