"Descent." Yeah. Boy ... I haven't seen anything so powerful and sparkling from "Dumont's Palms" by Bruno Dumont (2003). (About this film should not be confused with another fairly recent photo on "female empowerment", "THE Descent" (2005), directed by our friend of Splat Pack, Neil Marshall, who is also one of the greatest talent on its own.) But returning to this "Descent", the NC-17 evaluated (uh-oh) the effort on which the beautiful Mrs. Dawson takes the credit of a producer (congratulations) and directed by Talia Lugacy (strong possibility which is not a real name, however good (in moments), it will not be appreciated by most of the lay people out there because the script is rather imperfect. As a producer, you really need to write that script. Of course, only in the premise, you have the promise of a growing conflict, but there is still the task to complete the rising conflict. <br /> <br /> Sometimes, this thing sounds like an interesting piece of experimental theater and, well, I guess I'll let others who have already commented here talk about boringness, that is, of what happens in the second act, but can you find me a second act that is not boring? There is also this Catch 22 which accompanies these almost independent films such as "Descent" in which Rosario attacks and exploits his "identity-fame" to put into production a script that, under normal circumstances, would not get done while at the same time it's basically a mixture in the main role of the film. Rosario Dawson is gorgeous and, apparently, you can shoot this girl from any angle all day, but, oh wow-wee, how quickly time slips away: Rosy is no longer any student. This is part of the confusion about the script: "Is she a graduate student? A TA? No, graduate students don't really have that kind of scruples with football players, do they?" Again, if you are Rosario Dawson, executive producer, this is one of many, many aspects of the professional film process that you will have to think about as you embark on this wonderful new role in your film career. And if you do not have the answer to why your film is not convincing, let me tell you: there is a load of boats and a swarm of talented aged, brilliant and well prepared, who yearn to be involved in the business, who could have nailed that main character, all the time, with a look just as damaging as you know who; but unfortunately without Mrs. Dawson -no Honey, NO money. I must say that the bedroom department has done an exceptional job, however, because this film is really well turned (ie lit up) in all its gloomy dreamy darkness. The scenes of the nightclub are wonderful; it can be said that all those music videos are starting to bear fruit and play with time ... The shots / shots are all quite excellent that make the image a rewarding watch. <br /> <br /> "Descent" is no good big. However, I have the feeling, thanks to NetFlix, this film will find a life of its own. I hope this group continues to make films. If you like experimental American film productions, cinematic images of unlikely well-formed university students (or male model parades) in their early twenties, or if you're a university student, they're simply angry with the hormonally aggressive youths who include less than half of your American university, "Rosario Dawson's Descent" could be your taste of RockaRoll.
