I rented this movie simply because Rosario Dawson was there. I sat down to watch it with my friend and 6 minutes when we were glued to our seats. Not because of any intensity in those 6 minutes, but because it was a real movie. No Hollywood in Hollywood, no explosions, no insignificant jokes; movie. It dragged you slowly, dragging you towards a tragically human destiny. Some people think they like the movie but are sadly mistaken. They like movies; mindless entertainment for entertainment only. The Transformers and the like of Michael Bay have been produced just for this audience. No need to think about people, just look and always allow the stereotype that we can slowly muster to melt your brain. We will even insert advertising into the film, to continue buying our products. And don't forget the explosions, we love all the explosions. Here we make the distinction, art can be fun, but it is also stimulating and moves you in hidden ways. Entertainment is rarely skillful and even then only arbitrarily. Movies are entertainment. The descent is a film. Film is art. <br /> <br /> If you still have a soul inside your apparatus for meat bags, this rape scene is just as powerful as "Irreversible". The distinction here is that "Irreversable" was a violent rape scene involving two people whose roads are unfortunately crossed at the wrong time and hell followed. "Descent" concerns the date rape. Not less disgusting. No less depraved. Just different. This is the violation of trust, of the profanation of the soul and of the scars that run deep. If the "Maya" character had consented, it would have been a hot sex scene. But since he was desperate to escape, the scene is sickening. "Jared" is a sick and manipulative serial rapist, and it's totally disturbing because it so closely resembles a passionate love story. How could "Maya" be close to anyone again when even in the midst of the rape of Jared's "lover's boy" facade, he only suggests slipping? It's ruined. <br /> <br /> The film as a whole is beautiful. The camera works and the lighting sometimes removes the surrounding environment and concentrates everything on "Maya" and the silent inner workings of his mind. All this made by Rosario with facial expression and gesture. The soundtrack was excellent, a mixture of everything. My particularly favorite scene is the synchronism of all these cinematographic aspects that work together; "Maya" dancing in a sea of ​​twisted bodies, something inside her awakening, becoming aware, all set on a beautiful Jeff Buckley motif. <br /> <br /> I don't think I really ruined anything here but I'm stopping before me. In short, I think this was the best film of 2007, hands down. Unfortunately it seems that everyone is so tired these days that if you don't hack, cut, rape or nuke anything, then people can't be disturbed. Death is not the worst thing that can happen to you. It's just the last thing that will happen in this existence. The worst things that happen never leave you. I'm always in your thoughts. When you take a shower; when you brush your teeth; when you buy a Christmas gift, when you tie your shoe; haunt you. They haunt you until the last thing frees you. <br /> <br /> Treat yourself. Challenge yourself. Watch this movie.
