First of all, this was a BRAVE film. I saw Irreversible and I can understand comparisons. However, I can't begin to understand the people who trashed this movie. I can see how extreme the end may have been, but I'd be lying if I didn't say I wanted every guy who ever forced a woman to have sex deserved exactly what Jared had. On the contrary, he has solved nothing or done something better and the fact that the film does not claim is what made me appreciate. <br /> <br /> The commentary preceding this called the film pathetic and claimed no adult would stay with. I certainly did and carefully. I am 24 years old. The way the film dragged made it realistic. People have become so accustomed to watching sweets and fast textures on the screen that if you ask them to focus too long on a brick in the foundation of a film, they not only lose interest, they demolish everything that has been built and call it nonsense. When in reality it is their lack of patience and understanding that requires a tune-up and not the product of a creative mind like that of Talia Lugacy. Rosario Dawson showed the numbness of self-destruction impeccably. I think he played Maya pre and post assault with great ease and the transition between the two is an act that I rarely see done well. Often, as in the films "aimed at adolescents" mentioned in the previous comment, the effects of rape appear as extremely manic and impulsive or terribly depressed, isolated and lifeless. Dawson, in my opinion, manages to perform the balancing act so many survivors fall prey to: drone existence in waking hours, working a bit of lifeless work to survive (and distract) and then exaggerate in vices to lose yourself the mist of substance abuse rather than facing what brings sobriety. <br /> <br /> I thought this film told the truth and I appreciated it for finally showing people another side of rape. So many people let the end of this movie devour the center and the beginning ... I think Maya's face during the act was the end ... not the act itself ... not revenge or the meaning behind it ... just his face ... <br /> <br /> thanks
