Although this film has a first-rate roster of excellent actors, special effects that are excellent, and a plot that is full of surprises, it was not picked up for distribution in the studio and went directly to the DVD. Perhaps it contains too much information on the "anti-police force", or perhaps it is too many action films released during an excess, but whatever the reason why the big screens have missed the opportunity, fortunately the new concept of direct release on DVD allows us to enjoy it. <br /> <br /> The theme is old: the inexperienced journalist discovers a small circle of corrupt policemen - in this case the FRAT (First Response Assault and Tactical), a group of well-trained policemen created to clean up the mythical city of Edison from his low point of crime, drugs, prostitution etc. Working undercover the temptation to pocket the confiscated assets and the money shows too much of an opportunity and now, 15 years after its establishment, FRAT is responsible for murders, drug trafficking, terrorizing innocent people and so on. The guide dog is Lazerov (Dylan McDermott, a real terrifying gangster!) And his partner Rafe Deed (LL Cool J, even more buff than usual and proving he can be a sensitive actor). The journalist Pollack (Justin Timberlake) catches the wind of a "wrong mistake" and reports his theory of fraud and corruption to the head of his newspaper Ashford (the always reliable Morgan Freeman). Gradually Polack convinces Ashford and later Wallace (Kevin Spacey, also a constantly good character actor) and help Pollack in this investigative report. The closer Pollack gets to the truth, the more surprises and bad incidents happen and the story runs to the mall towards a series of unexpected results. <br /> <br /> Timberlake lacks the charisma to take the lead, especially in the company of such experienced actors. But LL Cool J, Freeman, Spacey and McDermott keep the well-oiled machine of a film that rotates to the end. No, it's not a great movie, but it's one of those that makes the seat action beat with a message. Grady Harp
