Steven Spielberg (aged 24) had already directed two splendid episodes of a 1971 series entitled "The Psychiatrist", with Roy Thinnes. One episode concerned an emotionally troubled 12-year-old boy and the other concerned a lively young man (Clu Gulager in his best performance) who is dying of cancer. Both episodes were extraordinary, visually different from anything else on TV, and emotionally complex and adult. The creators of "The Psychiatrist" were Richard Levinson and William Link, who created "Columbo" and also produced his first season. <br /> <br /> Peter Falk insisted on first place, experienced TV directors for the first season of "Columbo", like Bernard Kowalski and Jack Smight. But Falk accepted Spielberg after seeing part of the Clu Gulagher episode of "The Psychiatrist". Spielberg says on the DVD of "Duel" that he adored the script of "Murder by the Book" by Steven Bochco (based on a story by Levinson / Link), and tried to make the production look like a million dollar film , even though he thought he had much less money to work with. <br /> <br /> This episode of "Columbo" is far more visually elegant and makes better use of the soundtrack and background music of almost every other episode of "Columbo", even if the series has always used the best directors. Spielberg manages to keep the great Falk and Cassidy from doing it too much, but both actors are still very funny. Spielberg also gets excellent support work from Martin Milner, Rosemary Forsyth and Barbara Colby. All performances have a freshness and vitality towards them. The only episode of "Columbo" that was close to being well directed is the episode of "By Dawn's Early Light" with Patrick McGoohan (directed by Harvey Hart). <br /> <br /> I think the two episodes of "The Psychiatrist" "and this episode of" Columbo "suggests that Spielberg did not technically develop as much as a director. It was great from the start. In a" fight ! "The DVD commentary of an episode of the 1962 episode starring Albert Salmi, Robert Altman, states that the episode was practically as good as a director. Perhaps the same is true of Spielberg.
