Being the Beatlemaniac I am, I approached Two Of Us with a combination of fear and charm. Having seen "In his life: The John Lennon Story", I was rather worried that Two Of Us wasn't better. The fact that Aidan Quinn and Jared Harris look nothing like John Lennon and Paul McCartney ?? even with some makeup and appropriate hairstyles ?? it didn't help a little. <br /> <br /> But I was pleasantly surprised. It is probably thanks to the involvement of Michael Lindsay-Hogg, who directed Let It Be in 1970 and consequently probably knew John and Paul well enough, that the characters and the dialogue turned out to be as convincing as they were. (The writing credit for Two Of Us is assigned to a man named Mark Stanfield, of which I know absolutely nothing, I am confident that director Lindsay-Hogg has had more than anything to do with the script.) Two Of Us it is not a biography of the Beatles; it has a very small plot, in fact, and takes place all in one day in New York City. What he does is imagine a meeting between John and Paul in 1976, while John lived in New York. That meeting is completely fictitious, of course? although it cannot really be denied that such a meeting took place. But through that imagined conversation does he take a look at the personalities of these two great musicians ?? their intelligence, their sense of humor, their different reaction to celebrity and above all their relationship; what made them a great team, and what broke them. <br /> <br /> Since it is a spoken film, nothing less than the dialogue between two characters for an hour and a half, it is likely that it bores everything but true Beatles fans; but it's a fantastic piece of writing and storytelling, and it's both informative and moving. For those interested in these two music giants, you will very quickly lose the shock of how different actors are from their counterparts and feel like John and Paul came to life? the screenplay is so intimate and convincing, and so are the actors. Two Of Us offers you an invaluable insight into the life of two geniuses and a sad and fun story at the same time. Most definitely recommended.
