The Georgian film par excellence by Georgi Danelia, Ne goryuy (1969) aka Do not Grieve is freely based on the novel by French writer Claude Tillier (1801-1844) "Mon oncle Benjamin" The novel takes place in the 18th century campaign France. The Great French Revolution is still ahead, but some of its stormy signs are present in society. Benjamin, the local doctor is a soul of a local society, the educated, friendly, democratic person who often treats the poor for free. It makes it very popular with the locals but it certainly doesn't help with its bank account. He is in love with a beautiful manette who is also crazy about him but is closely watched by his father who called his daughter "his little capital" and is determined to protect her virginity until the marriage contract has been signed. .. I never read the book, and from the description it looks like a fascinating French novel, but I am fascinated by the results of the transfer of the characters and some elements of the plot from 18th century France to the early 20th century Georgia-Grusiya. I thought it was Danelia who invented all the colorful and memorable characters that feel so much at home in her native Georgia-Grusiya, the land of long and wonderful traditions, including the art of producing and drinking wine, the rare musical talent that all Georgians seem to possess, a truly unique humor and a high code of honor. When we saw the film last night with my husband, he said, what a great example of an art film, and I agree with him so. Do not Grieve is a perfect art film, visually beautiful, deep but fun, sometimes sad and philosophical but never in an arrogant but optimistic preaching way, which celebrates life with all its beauty and sadness, full of interest, loving irony and understanding for his somewhat eccentric but very human characters. Which is the most important, the film is warm and gentle, does not look at its viewers as they do some of the art photos. You don't have to be a cinephile to love him, to live with it, to smile and sigh, to follow the young doctor Benjamin (the first role in a film by Danelia by the famous singer and actor Wachtang Kikabidze with whom Danelia would have continued to make two more films, among one of my favorites of all time, Mimino, on his journey through the streets and mountains of Georgia, or being a guest at a typical party where friends gather to celebrate the life of the old doctor Levan who wanted to be a guest on his he listens to what his friends have to say about him when he dies while he is still alive, and who can choose which color he prefers for his coffin.When I saw the film I thought it was a kind of film that "Federico Fellini could have wished. I am not at all surprised to find the article on Danelia in which he names his number one director Fellini. I also discovered that, according to Danelia, the famous Soviet directors, Leonid Gai day (the creator of many beloved comedies) and Sergei Paraszhanov (the visionary I must not present loved another film by Danelia, the fairy tale of the American boy Huck Finn, Sovasem Propashchiy) felt and spoke negatively about not tightening, while Fellini praised him very. I allow myself to go a little further and I only think that perhaps Maestro Fellini had some images in mind and the aura and atmosphere of Do not Grieve when he was doing Amrarcord in 1973. Just a thought, because there is something essential that connects both films. Both artists returned to their roots, to the places they deeply love, to the people they remembered, loved and wanted to honor. Both films have a lot of smiles in tears. Both are art films that come directly to the heart of the spectators. Both are masterpieces. I think I'll add Georgi Danelia to the list of my favorite directors. He has made some of the brightest images in my favorite genre of dramas, even tragicomedy that are fun and bitterly sweet, moving and subtle, earthy and uplifting, kind and brilliant. When I consulted the list of films he wrote / directed, I was amazed that he didn't make a single bad movie since he started in 1960 with the award-winning story of a young boy, Seryozha. Many of Danelia's films are among my favorites, as I'm sure they're among her legions of fans. The man behind 'Seryozha, Sovsem propashchiy (1972) which is an adaptation by Mark Twain The Adventures by Huckleberry Finn, 33, Ya shagayu po Moskve (1964) aka Walking the Streets of Moscow, Ne goryuy (1969) aka Do not addolorare, Afonya (1975), Mimino (1977), Osenniy marafon (1979) aka Autumn Marathon or Sad Comedy which is a very appropriate title for this film and for the whole genre that Danelia practically invented, and the favorite cult for over 20 Kin-Dza-Dza (1986), is brilliant and deserves our true love and sincere gratitude for the unforgettable moments of cinematographic happiness.
