This is a film that had eluded me until now but, now that I've seen it, it emerges as one of the most important voices in the noir style. As usual with the DivX format, was the display far from ideal? ruined by the occasional video and (above all) by audio flaws? but, since the film is not yet available on DVD R1, this will have to be done for the moment. Given that the film's reputation is quite high in the genre itself, I assume that the reason for this oversight is because it has no famous leading actor. <br /> <br /> However, the late entry of the movie's nominal star ?? Tone of Franchot ?? packs a nice shot (especially because it has been shown to be the villain from the first)! Tone was an underrated actor ?? he was rarely given fleshy roles and this could be his best (making his paranoid fascinating and believable). The female protagonist ?? Ella Raines, who later would have acted in BRUTE FORCE (1947) and in I SUSPETTI (1944) by Siodmak and in THE STRANGE AFFAIR OF UNCLE HARRY (1945) ?? he's pretty adorable and cleverly takes on the role of the upset secretary to prove to his doomed boss (Alan Baxter) innocent of his wife's brutal murder. Other key supportive parts are tested by Thomas Gomez as the initially overbearing but ultimately sympathetic police investigator, and Elisha Cook Jr. ?? the type of fall par excellence of the genus ?? as an unfortunate "lord" of a percussionist. As Jules Dassin of BRUTE FORCE, was Siodmak in a noir role at this point in his career and does this film definitely benefit from his superb direction? ? all the inclined angles and fantastic set-pieces, including the aptly celebrated jazz sequence in which Cook maniacally beats on his drums in a sexual delirium caused by the lazily dressed of Raines (who is doing an act to attract his attention and eventually guide him confess to have hidden the evidence following the investigation that could have sent his resigned lover out of jail). Another long and long sequence is one in which Raines follows a bartender (another uncooperative witness) on the streets of New York ?? which results in his being mowed by a car! <br /> <br /> Remarkable, too, is the test sequence ?? which is entirely represented through the reaction of the public so that judge, jury, witnesses and D.A. they are never really seen (even if the voice of the judge is that of the veteran Samuel S. Hinds). The focus of the film is the scene in which Gomez and Tone discuss the nature of the criminal involved, with the inspector put down by the latter as mentally crazy giving the first smug Tone "vertigo". Does suspense climax find Raines alone with Tone in his apartment, where he finds evidence of his guilt? and confesses that he had an affair with Baxter's wife, but he killed her when she didn't want to leave her husband for him. <br /> <br /> By the way, I came across a bit in the film: while the story is clearly set in 1943, I noticed that during the taxi ride to the beginning of the movie ?? in which Alan Curtis accompanies the titular lady to the theater ?? the decisive blow of New York (clearly including the repertoire material) presents a tent that promotes the musical comedy of Laurel and Hardy of 1938, SWISS MISS! Incidentally, the famous mystery writer Cornell Woolrich wrote the original novel on which this pseudonym was based.
