Alan Curtis has a loud and violent discussion with his wife, slams out of his apartment, has a night to drink with a mysterious lady with a big hat in a bar (run by Andrew Tombes, in a pretty evil part for a change) and he returns to look for his dead wife and the police, led by Thomas Gomez who is waiting for him. His attempts to prove his alibi - which was with that mysterious lady - fall because everyone he can think of (Tombes, Elisha Cook) claim that there was never such a person. It ends without any alibi, even if its secretary (who secretly loves him) Ellen Raines believes it. Sentenced after a trial, he is awaiting his death sentence. Raines starts going out after the truth, discovering that Gomez has his doubts. He also finds an ally in a friend of Curtis, Franchot Tone, who apparently was out of town on the night of the crime. Will he be able to free Curtis in time? THE PHANTOM LADY is based on a novel by William Irish (the great noir writer Cornell Woolrich). As movie buffs know from other Woolrich works (LEOPARD MAN, THE NIGHT HAS A THOUSAND EYES, REAR WINDOW, NO MAN OF HIS OWN) you can't assume what is true on the surface anywhere. A missing seller's wife may not actually be in the north, sending messages that she has arrived, if she still has her jewelry. Could the mentalist really be able to predict the tragedy - or was he planning the murder of his old partner, now an oil millionaire? Has a leopard killed young women, or does the rich recluse in the city actually conceal some guilty knowledge? The young woman, claiming to be the wife of a brother killed in a train accident, actually an impostor? Here is Raines and Gomez (with Tone's help) trying to prove that Curtis saw a woman that no one will admit to seeing - and if he saw her, why can't anyone else remember seeing her? The problem with history is really the personality of Curtis, who gives up too easily when he is found guilty of the crime he did not commit. In reality, anyone who is innocent would be screaming at the moment they are executed. However, in defense of Curtis' collapse, it also happens to other people in various films: Gary Cooper, in MR. Businesses go to the city, he is so disgusted by the framing that he is delirious and crazy by Douglas Dumbrille and his henchmen that he does not defend himself at first, until the people who depend on his help shout their fears in the classroom and wake his sense of responsibility. But Curtis seems to give up. Under normal circumstances, Raines, Gomez and all the others wouldn't care if Curtis didn't. <br /> <br /> But the film survives this weakness. The slow break-up of lies by corrupt witnesses from the real killer allows two pieces to be made for Raines with Tombes on an abandoned elevated platform and Elisha Cook in a jazz session. Gomez proves more perceptive than the villain expects to re-check his alibi. And the villain manages to keep ahead of Raines and Gomez until the final minutes of the film. If it is not a great film like the DOUBLE BID or the ring which is always a second time or the FALCON MALTESE, it holds up well until the moment in which Curtis and Raines come together at the end.
