This noir may not be the best remembered movie of the time, but it has a mysterious plot, the common noir atmosphere and some good performances of the less known cast members. Robert Siodmak, the talented director behind the classic mystery / horror film "The Spiral Staircase" directed this film two years earlier than the film above, and shows a real talent for creating a dark and gloomy atmosphere, as well as creating a plot that intrigues and fascinates the viewer. Phantom Lady focuses on Scott Henderson; a man married to a woman he doesn't like. One evening he picks up a woman in a big hat in a bar, and the two consent to a night of fun "without strings". However, he returns home to find his police-infested apartment and soon discovers that the reason I am there is because his wife was strangled with one of his ties! He is dismayed to find that no one he has seen while he is with the mysterious woman can remember her, and of course the jury sends him for the murder of his wife. However, fortunately for him his beautiful employee warns ... <br /> <br /> The plot moves well in everything and, unlike many of the most famous noir, this presents some murders that make the proceeding more interesting. In fact, if it hadn't been done in the 1940s and shot in black and white, I could have sworn that Phantom Lady was a yellow Italian! The central characters are all quite interesting, with Alan Curtis providing a good portrait of the unfortunate victim, and Ella Raines is effective as an extemporaneous female detective. The real protagonist of the film, however, is Franchot Tone, which offers a memorable performance like the bad fool of the piece. The film also has a role in supporting the extraordinary actor Elisha Cook Jr, who plays the drums in the most memorable part of the film. If I were to criticize this film, I would say that the identity of the killer is revealed a little too early - although Phantom Lady deserves some credit on that front for the original way in which he does it. The conclusion is satisfactory and everything makes sense (which is surprising considering the unlikely plot) and overall, Phantom Lady is certainly one of the biggest and least seen noirs ever made!
