I evaluated this 7/10 film which is an average of 8/10 for the script, the direction and the production values ​​of 1944 and 6/10 for the acting. My acting assessment in turn was calculated at 4/10 for all the characters on the screen except the one played by the heroine Ella Raines as Carol Richman, who was excellent at 8/10. I also recommend Thomas Gomez as inspector Burgess whose character convinces that he personally does not think that the guilty verdict on Scott Henderson (Alan Curtis) was only in consideration of his naive alibi These two form an alliance to prove Scott's alibi. <br /> <br /> I have this movie on a DVD "Suevia Film Noir Cine Negro" in Spanish as "La Dama Desconocida" with the original soundtrack "Ingles" as an alternative language, since despite the search I am not managed to find an entirely English version. I was still anxious to see another performance by Ella Raines after being struck by her heroine performance in "Impact" playing a single female garage owner. another heroic role that he believes in the innocence of his chief engineer and rejects several suggestions that he should return to his home in Kansas (his master's name for her) before solving the missing alibi. The fact that she is secretly in love with her boss is a bit difficult. I believe that since she seemed formally she had had a formal business relationship with her. He had designed homes for children and playgrounds, so I suppose "the family man" had lit up in Carol's brain. <br /> <br /> In the '40s "the film code" in action, the producers could only portray sex through metaphors and here it is done in the form of a violent tambourine played by Elisha Cooke jnr. Karol dolls are a girl of easy character in an attempt to attract the drummer by giving her information on the alibi of "The Phantom Lady". The other main character, Jack Marlow (a collaborator of Scott Henderson) is played by Franchot Tone whose performance I found it too theatrical and wondered why Carol, for example, didn't constantly notice and strangate Ehi admiring his hands. The script should have been improved and would have provided more suspense as these theatrical moves telegraphed the plot too early for the audience.
