Scott Henderson, the engineer who employs Carol Richman, as his assistant, has a point of calling her "Kansas" whenever he talks to her. He shows us that Carol, played effectively by Ella Raines, should be a child in the woods, as far as the Manhattan of the 1940s is concerned. Only one woman, from out of town, would have followed the shady bartender in a solitary elevated underground. Even then, only a naive girl could undertake such an adventure. Robert Siodmak has directed this film noir very well. Show a talent for infusing the story with a lot of raw sex that was amazing for those days. How else could we justify the way the drummer in the musical orchestra, where Scott takes the mysterious woman with an unusual hat, makes such an explicit move to a lady for a date? The high-voltage drummer played by Elisha Cook Jr. does not hide his wishes for any of the ladies who sat in the front row of the successful musical he plays. It was a real explicit invitation, first to the "phantom woman" of history, Fay Helm; later on, Cliff, the drummer, insinuates himself very openly with Ella Raines who goes to the theater disguised as a mysterious lady that her boss had originally taken. <br /> <br /> This is a film that will capture every viewer from the beginning. There are things not explained in it, but it keeps the interest of the whole for everything. The killer is not revealed until the end. <br /> <br /> Ella Raines was an underrated actress with her expressive eyes. She holds her against much more experienced actors. Franchot Tone, a New York theater actor who works in Hollywood, has never found the fame he deserved in this medium. It is effective as the accused man's best friend. On the other hand, Alan Curtis looks like a man, who accepts his destiny when framed and is saved only by the tenacity of the woman who secretly loved him. Thomas Gomez, like Inspector Burgess, is a resource for the film as a detective who has his doubts: the police have captured the man who committed the crime. <br /> <br /> This film will not disappoint.
