The goal of any James Bond game is to make the player feel as if they were realizing a fantastic fantasy: get into the shoes of agent 007. "FRWL" approaches this goal more than any other game, because this time you check the real James Bond. No offense for Pierce Brosnan, who created a fantastic Bond and lent his voice and image to "EON", but Sean Connery was the original James Bond, and there will never be anyone approaching his cool level . <br /> <br /> I must say at this point, like many others who have reviewed this game, that Sean's 70-year-old voice does not fit his 30-year-old image on the screen, and it takes a while for get used to, but it's definitely worth it. Makes lines like "Bond ?? James Bond" and "Shaken, not mixed" in a big deal. But controlling Sir Sean while taking on the evil organization known as OCTOPUS is, as Bond says in "Octopussy", "just the tip of the tentacle". The beauty of the game begins with the barrel of the opening pistol. It is the barrel of the original shotgun of the films. You will start the first mission, saving the prime minister's blonde daughter from the Parliament terrorists, and everything from cars to clothes is perfectly retro. The world of the game is really the world of the original James Bond, up to the classic interpretation of rock n-roll of the James Bond theme that finally plays during a key moment in the game, while Bond infiltrates a secret factory. <br /> <br /> After the opening of the game, the plot faithfully follows the plot of the movie "FRWL". James Bond is sent to Turkey to retrieve a Lektor device from a Russian figure employee who claims to have a crush on him. In Turkey, Bond is teaming up with the amiable companion Kerim Bey. Bond must recover the device, protect the damsel in distress and return to safety in London. Bond scriptwriter Bruce Feirstein worked on the script and did a good job of making the game the same but different from the movie. The characters in the film are all recreated well, but some are better than others. Imitators who voice the baddies Rosa Klebb and Red Grant are disturbing. And there is a moment at the beginning of the game where you interact with Miss Moneypenny, M and Q who all look and behave like the original Sean Connery 007 movies. <br /> <br /> What puts this game in miles in view of the other Bond games, in addition to the voice and likeness of Sir Sean, there are two notable features in the game. One is the focus of Bond. While you can send the bad guys by simply locking them with one button and killing them with the other, an additional button will allow you to get closer to a target and choose between the points that Bond would shoot, like a grenade attached to a belt that will send an enemy and some of his friends or a double rope that will cause an enemy suspended to fall towards his death. The other noteworthy feature is the stealth and melodic killings. When you're close enough, press a button to defeat an enemy with the brutal brutality shown by Sean Connery's James Bond. <br /> <br /> Sean Connery's bond was based primarily on his talent and talent, so you only have a few gadgets, but they are good. The Q-helicopter is a remote-controlled helicopter capable of self-destructing and exploring areas that Bond cannot reach, such as the Q-spider in "EON", only better. The classic laser clock is useful, not only for entering sealed rooms, but for sending enemies when you have no other weapons available. Sonic twins and a serum gun are the most fun to play with, but you have to try them for yourself. In addition to gadgets, you can take on the role of Bond in a number of retro costumes found during the game, including the gray movie suit, the standard black tuxedo, a retro stealthy suit and that classic white tuxedo, all of which look exactly like they did it when Sir Sean put them on in the movies. When you drive, drive the Aston Martin DB5 directly from "Goldfinger". It can't become invisible, but it has a gadget to make the tires burst like in the movie. And when you're not flying the streets of Istanbul with the "Goldinger" car, you can fly in the "Thunderball" jet pack. <br /> <br /> Then there's the multiplayer. Obviously, it must be compared to the standard of the "GoldenEye" game, and fails. Also, you can only play the Bond villains rather than Bond himself or the other heroes of the game. But multiplayer is fun and a decent bonus as the beauty of the single player campaign makes the game worth playing. The basic game has other flaws. Some of the film's most exciting moments, particularly those of the gypsies, the brawl of Bond with Red Grant on the Orient Express, and a clash between Bond's blade shoe and Rosa Klebb, are not done justice in the form of a game. And the game is a fast game, even in the most difficult difficulty. But overall, this game is the best James Bond experience so far.
