I'm not a follower of a certain genre of film. I classify films only as industrial or non-industrial. Valentine is the second industrial film by director Jamie Blanks, after his Urban Legends. Unlike Urban Legends, the script and the plot are very weak. Once again unlike Urban Legends, the basic elements of the film are so clear and iconic, and this is what makes Valentino the best. <br /> <br /> As the first fundamental and iconic element, the growing hatred of the serial killer is so concrete. From his secondary school years, he grew up with the wounds he had accumulated in his soul against his classmates, who teased him. When you focus on this first element while watching the film, you will see this view of Humanism: "Nobody is completely good or bad, in fact someone known as evil can be secretly kind from the heart". Just because the plot and the management are very weak, we are not as satisfied as we deserved. <br /> <br /> The second iconic element is, of course, the magnificent set of late 90s super stars: my favorite is Jessica Cauffiel who is killed in the coolest way to be killed. An arrow shot from an arc opens its belly and gets stuck while playing hide-and-seek with its blind date, never able to meet. Katherine Heigl is the first starlet who is killed in a biology lab while trying to hide under human models that are on the tables of surgical operations. Denise Richards is killed for a third, while she has just found a Valentine's Day gift for her in a hot tub. Jessica Capshaw is killed last in a confidential and invisible way, so she is slandered for being the serial killer. Marley Shelton is the most unfortunate with a story of luck that will be killed in the most confidential way that we will never know, because the film is coming to an end before she is killed. Finally, Benita Ha is the luckiest since she was not a classmate of the serial killer, David Boreanaz. <br /> <br /> The third and final iconic element is the soundtrack of the labyrinth scene with dates in the dark, the Valentines' Celebration of the day at the scenes of Dorothy's house and, ultimately, the themes of the killing. Everyone loved the soundtrack as far as I know. Hard Rock never fits better in a serial-killer mystery movie.
