I will not try to speculate on what Brando was trying. At his best he turns in such strange shows, insinuating so many things at once, that he doesn't seem to do anything like a tireless instinct. Often it seems that he is calling attention to some privileged aspect of his character compared to all the others, a concentration that, if followed, turns out to be something of a red herring, as it is thinner, smarter than it had appeared before. This is a mastery of artifice, not naturalism, as could be associated with the Method. The role of Sky Masterson, as Mankiewicz was so wonderfully made, seems to be tailor-made for him, which is as strange as it is strange, in the end, because whatever Brando was, he managed a grace that was all his own, but a consummate grace - once again, strange, coming from an actor with limited musical ability, never before or after associated with musical comedy. Jean Simmons, also strangely expressed, is not as impressive, but certainly above the right, really delicious in the Havana sequence, and has never been so pleasant. <br /> <br /> Yet ... maybe because the actors are both so focused on what they're doing, and the characters on what they mean by each other, they don't seem to be lovers' chemistry is grown so insistently more than once. Brando / Sky Masterson and Simmons / Sister Sarah feed on each other quite well, but I don't see any more first. In a film this is absolutely brilliant and fun (and most of it, from the point of view of craftsmanship, is this - dazzling), that lack would seem to be something discreetly and easily overlooked, but a lot will depend on the true chemistry! A transformation, at least partial, of the characters through such chemistry would give something positive to the final scene. As it is, one leaves this film certainly delighted, but not very moved, except so as to deny the truth of the union. Note Sister Sarah marries in her missionary uniform, Sky Masterson, in her very nature as a man in the city rather than in a tuxedo. And they returned to those of their previous scene! <br /> <br /> Strangely (and insightfully), the most moving and serious scene is, I believe, between Brando and Vivian Blaine, like Sinatra's doll / Nathan Detroit, Adelaide, the only scene where these two they are exclusively together, not least because there is no hint of flirting between them even though it takes place in the Adelaide locker room while Adelaide is about to change. Although there may be no place for this, Sky is really the kind of "check-out" of Adelaide in this kind of circumstance. It is also there to say that Adelaide Nathan will not meet her to escape. Adelaide and Sky are both true in their respective ways of Nathan, even pitiful of him, as they show in a tone in their exchange. Of course Adelaide is also frustrated and disappointed, but her anger is tempered by her deeper feeling for Nathan, since Sky is admonishing her that she can't love a man and then wants him to be someone else. <br /> <br /> Guys and Dolls is another turning point in the battle of the sexes, around the themes of gambling and salvation. Since both the compulsive player and the seeker of salvation are more or less unconsciously in search of desperation, there may be a dark secret deliberately behind the lack of chemistry of Brando and Simmons. After all, that lack could well denote an excess of narcissistic concern (echoed by the binomial Sinatra / Blaine, albeit with much less self-involvement), which could explain the strange, rather provocative interpretations of Sky Masterson and Sister of Brando and Simmons Sara . I realize that Simmons could be largely portraying coldness and skepticism, but Brando, while playing to face it, is not exactly heartfelt and eager, and is more than keeping his distance - he is assimilating it, maintaining his balance through it. His audacity consists in simply playing against her - the trip to Cuba, a kiss, whatever it takes - but in reality he is not determined to win by seducing her so much as to beat her on his own ground. This can be noticed, because playing with zeal can be the only way to get to the missionary, and through. But it makes the Sky transition from the simple attempt to win a bet to actually want Sarah Brown a little less convincing. Yet why does he want it? What does it mean to fall in love with Sky? I find that the only way to get around this is, in effect, to accept that his humanity has come into play, and that he does not want to end up with a simple cadence to Sister Sarah, so he does, as he promised, need to deliver sinners at his prayer meeting, it is good for his "sign", as he says, as a way to win her back when she seems to have already won just to lose her. But this still denotes self-concern more than anything else. However, it also takes into account the personal concern of Sarah Brown, while Sky will appease the missionary in her to get her lover back. Nor, at least it seems, will it change much with their union, except perhaps in the acceptance of the other. However, this would seem to be an almost fatal proposition: acceptance of it is still rather a far cry from obtaining happiness in the other, not to mention the transcendence that each seems to imply by "chemistry". And behind all this, I suspect that Mankiewicz is fully aware. <br /> <br /> For all those who could say, in defense of Guys and Dolls, that there is not much to expect from musicals to delve into, I need only remember them Cabaret, The Three-penny Opera, Carousel, A Star is Born, also The Sound of Music, of which I don't care so much (and you can continue to add to this list without even pushing forward to post-Cabaret musical), everyone wraps wonderful music and dances around terrible anxieties.
