It would be easy to call Guys and Dolls great. He has Frank Sinatra and Marlon Brando (and, contrary to Sinatra's original wishes, the casting works), he has a really fantastic feeling from the fifties, even if it is basically transposed from the stage to the screen with only a small interruption. And most of the songs are often very funny, and catchy, and they perform with that wink and mention the wonderful escape from the form itself. If it is not quite as exceptional as others of its kind, it should not be the fault of the director Joseph L. Mankiewicz. Not all the songs are taken entirely, and some of the dialogue seems to be performed for the stage rather than for the film (sometimes it's hard to say) Brando and Sinatra ride the line so often that you have to look carefully to see when one plays for the camera or for the "stage", while the actress who plays Adele is better for the screen than for the screen). <br /> <br /> The plot is one of those winners that works well for its period, although one wonders if its influence extended to those of 1999's She's All That (well, not quite, but close). A gambler (and 14-year-old boyfriend), played by Sinatra, wants to host a large game, but it is said that the "heat is on", which means that the policemen are on call. So, he only has one choice for hosting the game, with a thousand dollar card. The only way he can get it is through a very successful bet with gambler Brando, who has put himself in a position to do a courageous courier job of a mission operator. It allows the predictable twists in history, in the sudden turning point of the character's charm, of the idiosyncrasies of people from the streets (gangsters and dancers and the "saitn" played by Jean Simmons who falls for Brando). It is, in its basic concept, on this whole world of boys and dolls, and how to balance one or the other - obviously without getting married or being too compromised. <br /> <br /> Mankiewicz brings a lot of energy to the piece, even when standing still with the camera on the subject, and its stars are appropriately hooked. Hell, Brando also works excellently for a musical, while he simply goes beyond the actor of the method and shows his qualities as a singer and a big star. The story and the characters eventually come down to what he hopes to happen, and that's fine. Everything we ask - and what we get - is entertainment in good talk of witty, engaging dialogue, and some songs and dances that make the house collapse (my favorites were the number with the lady-cats at the club, Luck be a Signora , and the two numbers down in Havana, in Cuba). A-
