A group of San Francisco women of model caliber who have been friends since primary school are suddenly threatened and attacked by someone who sends them bizarre Valentine's cards. Who is the murderer and why the murderer after them? <br /> <br /> My assessment will often change in successive visualizations of a film, sometimes slightly higher, sometimes slightly lower. However, I can't remember another movie in which my rating changed drastically like for Valentino. The first time I saw it, when it came out in theaters, I thought it was pretty awful - I gave it a 4 out of 10, the equivalent of a "F" letter. Looking at it for the second time last night, I can't remember what the hell I didn't like about it. I can only assume that maybe I was really in the wrong mood watching it, or maybe I didn't understand it. In any case, I liked it this time, giving it a 9 out of 10 or an "A". It might seem ridiculous to say that I didn't have a movie like this, but there is something to get Valentine is almost a comedy / horror. Director Jamie Blanks, who was also responsible for the 1998 Urban Legend, takes up the stereotypical teenage horror formula that became so popular in the late 1990s in the wake of Scream (1996) and pushes most of the elements of a notch, making Valentine intentionally mischievous / campy almost to the point of absurdity (where the absurd is a positive stylistic term). In addition, he gives us a movie full of humorous comments on romantic relationships. Humor is unusual in that it has the same exaggeratedly campy tone as aspects of youthful horror. Most situations in the film and the modus operandi of the bad, humorous or not, are linked to the theme of Valentine's Day. <br /> <br /> Many viewers will probably subtract points from the film for its various clichés Radiosegraphic scenarios but implausible and plot developments. However, in light of the above, the film is intentionally cliché, implausible and ridiculous. It is as if Blanks was trying (and above all succeeded) to transcend the typical teen slasher by fooling / falsifying the conventions of the genre while also playing down eros. This is the attraction for the irony of basing a horror movie on Valentine's Day. It is an incongruity that is cleverly woven throughout the film, and which is itself at the center of the slasher genre, making it the perfect fodder for Valentino's extravagant illusion. Scream had a similar goal with its horror material, but the twist was that the film was "self-conscious". Valentine's Day is not intentionally aware; the spectator must rely on contextual clues for satire. Not to think I'm "reading too much" in the film, it's worth noting that Blanks said in interviews that "he simply didn't want to make another slasher film after Urban Legend" and producer Dylan Sellers said he wanted to do something more adult". <br /> <br /> Other spectators may not like the fact that Valentine's Day differs so much from its supposed starting material, Tom Savage's novel of the same name. The characters, the setting and the plot of the novel are very different from the movie. The sellers said, "Although it was a good book, I didn't think it was the right story for a movie." So, instead, the novel, which is much drier and more serious in tone, has been used as a springboard, a reason to create variations on a horror / thriller story centered on Valentine's Day. While these facts will not help the purists familiarize themselves with the book as the film, it is useful to understand why the film has its own divergent plot and attitude. It is probably best to watch the film as an independent entity with a similar theme. <br /> <br /> The management of Blanks is visually impeccable. Valentine's Day has a lush appearance throughout, with complex, deep colors, interesting sets and good staging. Blanks is admirable for keeping his villain and attack scenes not too obscure, with a clearly transmitted action. He also directs his actors with ease, catalyzing performances that are often astutely humorous. David Boreanaz, as Adam Carr, is involved in many of the funniest moments. <br /> <br /> Although Valentine's Day is not a masterpiece, it is a great horror / thriller movie that seems highly prone to misconceptions. If you watch him expect something more ironic, you may find yourself appreciating him much more.
