This is a Frank Loesser masterpiece of amusing texts, competent themes and solid construction of those who adapted Damon Runyon's material to the "book" of the musical. What is surprising about the film is the fluidity with which musical numbers emerge from the plot. Abe Burrows made the book with Loesser's contributions; Michael Kidd was the choreographer and the exceptional art direction was conferred by Joseph Wright. The plot can be told in two sentences. Nathan Detroit, played by Frank Sinatra, needs money to finance his permanent floating crap game to entertain Big Julie, a Chicago Mob Boss. Bets the serial player Sky Masterson, well presented by Marlon Brando, who can't get a girl from the Salvation Army to go to Havana with him; Masterson wins the bet, saves the Mission, falls in love with the girl, brings gamblers and tramps to the crap game to watch a service, and tells everyone that the lady was insensitive to her charm: a complete lie. Of course it ends with the lady; and Detroit marries his long girlfriend, Vivian Blaine. Others in the cast include Stubby Kaye, Johnny Silver, Robert Keith, B.S. Pulley as Big Julie the Mobster, Sheldon Leonard, Regis Toomey, Mary Alan Kokanson, Kathryn Givney as leader of the Salvation Army, Veda Ann Borg and Jean Simmons as the lukewarm girl of the Salvation Army, Sarah Brown. The famous musical numbers of this award-winning Broadway success include "Fugue for Tinhorns", "Guys and Dolls", "Luck Be a Lady", "I'll Know", "A person could develop a cold" and "The Most ancient Permnanet Floating Crap game in New York! ". Joseph L. Mankiewicz of "Cleopatra" and "Letter to Three Wives" Fame directed the proceedings; and the work flow is very interesting and has continued to move successfully. He is equally good at interpreting the dialogues and directing such large numbers as "Luck Be Lady", the varied and demanding brawl section, the "A woman in love" section of Havana created for the film that precedes it, the presentation of the title the song "Guys and Dolls" and "Pet Me, Poppa" set in the club where Blaine works. The acting is very irregular. Simmons sometimes seems wrong for the part, Brando gets along with singing and concentrates a lot on time in instinct, charm and subtitling, even in comedy. scenes. Sinatra tries hard but misses the role for several reasons like Nathan Detroit; Blaine is a bit too theatrical in selling her numbers, which she obviously sings professionally. Leonard, Toomey, Kaye, Keith and Pulley do what is asked and more at all points. The stylized opening and closing are made to work well; all in all, this film is a triumph for Loesser's lovable and subtle lyrics, for director Mankiewicz as a ringmaster, and for the genre of musical itself, so cleverly justified in this case. Delicious and very different.
