This musical wasn't quite what I expected, especially since there weren't many scenes between Brando and Sinatra. Because it was based on a Damon Runyon story, I was expecting irony and surprise, of which there was a really good one - when we find out that Sinatra's band used the Salvation Army office for their shit game while Brando was in Havana with Simmons. If he arrives at the right time, when Brando brings her back. I didn't expect much from Brando as a singer, but he surprised me. He wasn't exceptional but he was fine in the role. His large number in the sewer, however, with the rest of Sinatra's boys was the only place I felt Brando's voice was weak. He simply did not have the power required by the great climax. Overall I found the scenes between Brando and Simmons filled with electricity, something I didn't think would happen when we see Simmons alone, and later when we introduce ourselves to Brando in the restaurant with Sinatra trying to pull one fast on him. It was only when Brando went to his office that the story came to life. <br /> <br /> Frank Sinatra, on the other hand, was flat, even his vocal performances. And Vivian Blaine, of which I've never heard of, but which I imagine played the role on Broadway, seemed to only slow down the process. The scenes between her and Sinatra were obvious. Moreover, his songs seemed to me the weakest in terms of both history and character. Also, all the numbers of Goldwyn's girls seemed to be shod, right there for pomp. For example, when Frank meets Brando in the nightclub, we just run the number of cats for the routine on stage, then it comes down to the guys who continue as if there were no dance number. Whenever Brando and Simmons were on the screen, I was having fun, but every time we returned to the Sinatra-Blaine story, my level of interest dropped. <br /> <br /> As for the songs, there were some good ones, especially the very first issue with Stubby Kaye, the Fugue for Tinhorns (Can Do!) number. This is a fantastic song and reminded me of the very first song in The Music Man - Cash for the Merchandise ... whatever the name. And the number in the sewer - I couldn't help but remember "Cool" on West Side Story - which brings me to a point. I didn't really like the art direction in this film. The fake Times Square was so completely fake that it attracted attention. The same for the Havana sequence, and in particular for the sewer. I realize that in 1955 most of the musicals were shot on set, but things were changing - Carousel, for example, made great use of location photography. On the Town also shot scenes in Mahattan in 1949. When we get to West Side Story in 1961, it's a fact that the things that take place in Manhattan had to actually be filmed in Manhattan. So by comparison, Guys and Dolls of Manhattan felt dated and more than a little too cute. And changing Lindy's into Mindy's - did they do it for legal reasons? Now, I always thought that Guys and Dolls was a musical about Sinatra and Brando and their adventures with various girls. He was much more focused than that, which is his merit. In this regard it is much better than Les Girls, which was interesting in its own right, but had a certain superficiality. <br /> <br /> My only complaint about Guys and Dolls, and I don't know if this is endemic to the original stage show, but when Jean Simmons realizes that Brando never took money for a bet he made with Sinatra and also said that he lost the bet, she runs off to find him and we cut ourselves off at the wedding. It seems to me that a scene between Brando and Simmons would have added to the impact of the story. Seeing Brando walking around as he approached him would be a great scene. There's a scene like that in The Music Man (SPOILERS AHEAD), when Harold and Marion have that duet while he's waiting for her to change. He's upstairs in his house, he's on the sidewalk. He is singing 76 trombones. He's singing Goodnight My Someone. Suddenly the songs of the other change and sing, a beautiful way to transmit their cross. It's an exciting moment in the film. Still, Guys and Dolls had a lot to do.
