I'm fascinated by the strong sense of favor towards (or liking for!) Sinatra in the other reviews here. I read elsewhere that Sinatra never seems to have forgiven anyone for * not * interpreted as Sky Masterson. <br /> <br /> OK, so who wouldn't want to be chosen as Sky Masterson? ?? it's a big part: the charismatic successful gambler who makes a serious mistake when he gets sucked into a bet, where he has to take the Salvation Army Sargeant Sarah Brown on a date in Cuba, or lose. Isn't it the money ?? it's pride, but he and she meet their game. Meanwhile, Nathan Detroit has to juggle his longtime girlfriend Adelaide and try to find a place for a craps game that will make him rich if he doesn't forever bury his girlfriend forever. <br /> <br /> The film was born as a series of stories by Damon Runyon: this is his unique dialogue you hear, and those are his big names in characters, and this is his world of horse racing / nightclub / gambling late at night. Then it became a musical, and you can't help but think that in the cinematographic form it never really left the stage. Is the camera unusually static and the set remarkably? and not pleasantly ?? flat and childish. Fortunately the music is so big, I don't really care. <br /> <br /> My absolute favorite thing about this movie, though, is the singing and acting of the two non-singers, Brando (like Sky) and Jean Simmons (with the name of Sargeant Sarah Brown). Of course, putting professional singers in these roles would have produced better music; but what is surely forgotten is that two such excellent actors brought something else to the party: what was lacking in vocal talent more than compensated them with taste, ability to act and pathos, pathos, pathos. You're with Sky discussing with Sarah against reason, firmness, tubes and security. You like Sarah's loosening under the influence of Cuban "milk". You completely feel the suddenness and passion of their backyard scene with the bells ringing and an hour before the plane takes them home. As Sky rightly says, it is "chemistry". Professional singers ?? be it Broadway belts or soft crooners ?? it cannot necessarily be invoked to make this happen. (And certainly not.) I read somewhere that Brando criticized Sinatra for not putting all of himself into his role as Nathan Detroit. Sinatra, in turn, was infuriated by Brando's four-way acting method. As a Brando fan (does he show it?!) I am destined to take the other side, but I cannot imagine that this film would have been the much loved classic that it is today if Brando and Simmons had not been in with their wonderful chemistry; The unpredictability of Brando; Simmons' face, all rosy cheeks and brown, drunken and embarrassed hair in a Cuban bar. Very beautifull. I always want a copy of this movie around in case I need to feel good again. Will you forgive me if 100% rubbish from Nathan's speakers (sleeping)? You will not? Oh, shut up and eat some Mindy cheesecake!
