I remember seeing the Disney version and watching it now makes me think that somehow it has lost its magic touch. A lot of other deliveries, Ever After set aside, by Cenerentola, have, in fact, lost their touch over the years. Then I found this production with an impeccable performance by Kathleen Turner as the bad stepmother and was wiped out by the phantasmagoric essence of this fantastic story that has enchanted me since childhood. <br /> <br /> We all know the story of Cinderella, a young girl who died her father and was dominated by her evil stepmother and stepson and wants to go to the dance for a last chance at liberty. But this plot takes a different turn in the classic Fiaba provoking Cinderella (whose real name is Zizola, and she is only called Cinderella by her family because of her slavery) to be trapped in a situation of her father (who still lives) slowly losing to a dominant wife who manipulates him by playing favorites with his wife and daughterstands against his and tries to poison him. Thus, Zizola goes out to save her father by stopping her stepmother from finding another claimant to the ball, distracting the men who follow her. There, bored Prince Valiant has a change of heart from his boring life and falls in love with the mysterious lady in the strange dress (forged by a water nymph called Mab) with rose petals for the slippers. <br /> <br /> What attracted me the most about this film is that it is the original version of the old fairy tale that no one can compare to. It does not intertwine a web of lies like most of the Cinderella stories, it does not ignore any reason why Cinderella would like to attend the dance and does not show a superficial side of the Prince as the Disney version. Instead it shows more of Cinderella's selfless heart than any other production and the artwork is simply stunning! The costumes are all beautifully made, in particular the sapphire blue of Zizola, combined with the fantastic beauty of Marcella Plunkett and her sweet and witty voice. <br /> <br /> I highly recommend this film to anyone interested in a dreamlike sequence of the classic Fable with an interesting twist. My only problem is that the producers and the director haven't made a complete collection of other fairy tales with this same element and the fact that the film is now out of print.
