The first step to get out of that path that leads nowhere is to recognize that you are on it; then it becomes a matter of being assertive and taking positive steps to overcome the negative influences in your life that might have put you on that path to begin with. Which is exactly what a young Latin girl does in "Girlfight", written and directed by Karyn Kusama. Diana (Michelle Rodriguez) is an eighteen-year-old high school student from Brooklyn projects, who has to face expulsion after her fourth meeting in theaters since the beginning of the semester. It affects an "any" attitude that masks a deep rage that threatens to take her to places she would rather not go. He lives with his father, Sandro (Paul Calderon), with whom he has a very uncertain relationship, and his younger brother, Tiny (Ray Santiago). With her life poised on the brink of dissolution, she desperately needs an outlet through which to channel the demons that torment her. And one day he finds it, without even looking for it, when he stops at the gym where Tiny trains. Ironically, Tiny wants nothing to do with boxing; He wants to go to art school, but Sandro is determined to let his son be able to take care of himself on the streets and pay the ten dollars a week that he costs for his lessons. When Diana convinces Tiny's trainer, Hector (Jaime Tirelli), to bring her on, and approaches his father for the money, on the pretext of calling it a weekly check (she doesn't want him to know what the money wants for) , Sandro refuses her and tells her to go out and earn her money. Eventually, with Tiny's help, he finds a way and the ring soon becomes his second home. It is an environment to which he readily adapts, and it seems that his life is about to take a turn for the better. And the fact that you have to fight men, not women, in "blind gender" competitions, doesn't dematerialize it in the least. Diana found her element. <br /> <br /> The first time screenwriter / director Karyn Kusama did a fantastic job of creating a realistic environment for her story, presenting an honest portrait of life in projects and conveying that desperation so familiar to so many young people that they find themselves in situations without exit and on that road that leads nowhere. And there's not even a candy coating; as Ettore tells Diana when she asks him how he got to where he is, "Once I was a fighter. I lost." Then, looking around the crowded gym, "Like most of these guys, they're going to lose too. But that's all they know ... "And it's this honesty of attitude, as well as the way the characters are represented, that makes this movie as good as it is. It's a bleak world, underlined by the poorly lit up ruined gym ... you can feel the sweat of boxers pretty well ... and that sense of desolation that hangs over it like a bullet, cloaking these people who are grabbing and hanging on the one and only thing they have, all they know. <br /> <br /> On her big-screen debut, Michelle Rodriguez is perfectly played by Diana, infusing her with a deep, deep intensity that radiates enough from her in waves, so real that it makes you wonder how Rodriguez really is "Exactly where does the actor start and the character starts? Whatever it is, it works. It is a powerful and memorable performance, from an actor from whom we will wait for another company with great anticipation. She definitely makes Dian to a positive role model, in which many hope will find inspiration and the awareness that there are alternative paths available in life, at least to those who would seek them. <br /> <br /> As positive as this film, however, it ends up with something of an ambiguous note; even if Diana obviously has her feet on the ground, there is no indication of where she is heading. Is it a short-term solution for you, or is it destined to become Hector's female counterpart? After all, realistically (and in light of the fact that realism is one of the strengths of this film), professional boxing is not exactly a profession that lends itself to itself, nor opens its arms to women. And in line with the film's argument, and the director's approach, an affirmation of the results of Diana's assertiveness would have been appropriate. <br /> <br /> The supporting cast includes Santiago Douglas (Adrian), Elisa Bocanegra (Marisol), Alicia Ashley (Ricki) and Thomas Barbour (Ira). Although it provides a very real picture of life that many will be able to identify, there are some aspects of "Girlfight", which tend to increase credibility somewhat, compared to some things that happen in the ring. Apart from that, it's a positive film that for the most part is a rewarding experience. I consider this 7/10. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />
