Once upon a time, Hollywood was producing live action films, films forbidden to vote without vulgar language, immorality and violent violence. These films have not insulted your intelligence, they have not manipulated your emotions. The heroes differed little from the crowd. They shared the same feelings and carried the same burdens. Since the 1970s, the film industry has virtually erased G-rated movies for adults. Fundamentally, the modern mature public requires large doses of realism embellished by its cinematic diet, laced heavily with vile swear words, mattress-based sex and pounding fistfights. These ingredients make up the difference between G-rated and PG or PG-13 rated films. Miraculously, director John Lee Hancock, who wrote screenplays for "A Perfect World" by Clint Eastwood (1993) and "Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil" (1997), arrives home with this G-rated, feel- good, four-bagger of a baseball epic that not only celebrates America's favorite summer sport, but also enhances the spirit of the game. In essence, "The Rookie" resembles the 1984 Robert Redford saga "The Natural" on an old slugger who makes a comeback. Unlike "The Natural", "The Rookie" eschews oath, sex and violence. <br /> <br /> Furthermore, Dennis Quaid has a real character. Jim Morris's autobiography, "The Oldest Rookie: Dreams of the Big City from a Boy from a Small Town", served as the basis for Mike "Finding Forrester", an unpretentious, Norman Rockwell-style script on white middle-class aspirations . Morris achieved his dream when he debuted on the mound as a relief pitcher in 1999. Although he does not belong to the same league with James Stewart's inspired classic "The Stratton Story" (1949), "The Rookie" qualifies as the type of the movie that Hollywood rarely does anymore because the public finds them antiquated. <br /> <br /> Hancock and Rich encapsulate their funny extravagant biography in an aura of mysticism. A wild oil seeker convinces two Catholic nuns in the 1920s to finance a well in West Texas. Fearful of having inflated their dollars with a reckless fantasy, the sisters cover the arid land with rose petals and implore the patron saint of Saint Rita for desperate causes. The well springs! The city of Big Lake emerges, and the roughnecks crush their baseballs when they are not digging holes in the ground. The spirit of baseball oozes from the earth like oil. Meanwhile, years later, the US Navy does not hold Jim Morris, Sr., (Brian Cos of "Manhunter") and his family in a place long before uprooting them. The constant movement has a negative impact on Jim Junior. Jim's father shows little sympathy and scolds baseball. <br /> <br /> Nevertheless, Jim has baseball in his blood, so that when he takes a job as a chemistry teacher in his city of Texas, he organizes a baseball team. Like the terrible "Bad News Bears", "The Rookie" tells the triumph of Jim in turning losers into winners. Morris promises the team if he reaches the divisional playoffs, he will try for a professional baseball team. As expected, Morris's students maintain their end of the pact. At the age of 35, Jim stuns great league observers when he throws quick balls at 98 miles per hour! "The Rookie" never escapes.
