Imagine the scene: a mountainous alien landscape. The twin moons illuminate the blood-red sky. The Tardis lands and the doctor comes out, a middle-aged man in a Victorian frock coat, and Rose, his companion from Earth. A glimmer of recognition crosses his face. "Well, I never! It's the planet Saurious-7, where I fought the warlike Kraggartians, they tried to use the Skinkon giants to conquer the planet." The girl sniffs the air. "We can't go, doctor, I don't like the look of this place, I still think we're observed." The doctor shakes a disapproving finger. "Don't be silly, girl, I wonder if the king and queen of Cordaraby City reminds me of my last visit. Come, Rose, come!" He walks away, the girl struggling to keep up. On the top of a hill, the sinister red eyes look at them with hatred ... <br /> <br /> This is not how the "Rose" began in 2005, and I thank heaven for what I said. Unjustly derided at the time of his release The original British broadcast "Rose" can now be regarded as a fundamental episode, bringing "Dr.Who" back to its place as one of the BBC's flagship programs. The mistakes made by McGann's film T.V. they have been well learned. Instead of trying to put on the new 'Who' in the existing chronology, it represented a new beginning for the series, starting from the shop girl Rose Tyler (Billie Piper) who tells her daily routine. One day he goes to the basement to find a man named Wilson, and then the trouble starts. The mannequins come to life and attack it. It is only through the intervention of a mysterious stranger (Christopher Eccleston) that she is saved. <br /> <br /> The story, however slight, is more than adequate as a starting point for the series. The Autons are, of course, an old villain (this was their first appearance since 1971), but no reference is made to their previous appearances - another wise move. The finale effectively recreated the famous scene in 'Spearhead From Space' when the window mannequins came alive. As a doctor, Christopher Eccleston lacked the eccentricity of his predecessors, preferring a modern leather jacket to the traditional vintage clothes of the Doctor, but this made him more accessible to the new audience hoped for the show. Billie Piper confused her critics with a great impression as "Rose". Good is also Noel Clarke as his boyfriend 'Mickey'. <br /> Yes, there was an added emphasis on special effects, but then it needed to be - the shaky sets and unconvincing monsters of the past have no place on 21st century television. What is more important is how good a script is. Ten million people tuned in to see the new doctor. <br /> <br /> "Dr.Who" was back - and came back with a bang!
