Being an essential part of British pop culture such as Monty Python and James Bond, Doctor Who was a great success for 26 years (1963-1989), making it one of the most long-lived television programs in the world (most serials are lucky to have ten seasons). Plans to restart the series were always on the BBC's agenda, and after a faulty (not to say Americanized) movie produced by Fox failed to capture the magic of the original version, another nine years (parody of animated comics and miniseries they were needed before the last Time Lord could return correctly, courtesy of acclaimed writer Russell T. Davies. <br /> <br /> Davies' genius in reintroducing the character is his decision to do it through the eyes of a stranger: Rose Tyler (Billie Piper), a London-based girl who leads a very normal life until one night is attacked by creatures made of living plastic, saved by an elusive stranger who simply presents himself as the Doctor (Christopher Eccleston) and then disappears after joking: "Nice to meet you, Rose, Run for your life!" As he becomes more and more curious about this "man", he soon finds himself in a a completely new world: aliens, invasions, time and space travel and, of course, the omnipresent TARDIS in the shape of a police box. <br /> <br /> The first 45 minutes of the new Doctor Who are almost perfect (the special effects could have used a little more polishing) because Davies has a double effect: the unique humor of the show and the two protagonists. The most captivating trait of the original series was the mix of spectacular science fiction and pure British comedy, a hybrid that is difficult, if not impossible, to export. Here the laughs are all linked to the conversations between Rose and the Doctor, who become completely rounded characters after a single episode. Okay, technically the Doctor of Eccleston is the Ninth to use that name, but he distances himself from the previous eight incarnations by speaking with a Northern accent (the one he uses every day) and justifying it with a formidable phrase: "A lot of the planets they have a north! ". <br /> <br /> The real triumph of this episode, however, is Piper's performance: in theory, Rose is in her late teens, so almost the same age as thousands of young viewers who had never heard of the Doctor. Her portrait of an ordinary girl, lost in a new exciting universe, represents the reaction of the new generation to the return of a TV icon, and the chemistry that is instantly formed between her and Eccleston is a sign that indicates the new Doctor Who is as good as the old one. <br /> <br /> First, fifth, ninth, it makes no difference: there may have been others before Eccleston (and Piper, for that matter) but together he, William Hartnell, Peter Davison and the rest of the group are a single character , one so beautiful that he doesn't even need a name: he is the Doctor.
