With the sun shining brightly on a quiet Sunday that is about to wake up completely, love can be felt in the light breeze that sweeps my feet away and can be seen in the smiles of the people I walk by. It's the perfect day to stop for croissants and a café-o-lait before heading to the city of lights and love. Certainly, a flight to Paris is not reasonably within this humble film critic's budget, so I had to opt for the next best thing, Paris, JE T'AIME, a collection of 18 short films by a variety of international directors. Each piece is named after a different Parisian neighborhood and is a reflection on love. Careful not to overdo the most powerful and persuasive of all human emotions, Paris, JE T'AIME explores love in the various stages of its own game. The results are spontaneously romantic and surprisingly consistent. And really, what better way to express the elusive nature of love and how a moment can change your life than a collection of filmed moments. <br /> <br /> The wonderfully poetic quote above is taken from Tom Tykwer's Faubourg Saint Denis. True to form, Tykwer (RUN, LOLA, RUN) uses time-lapse photography and repetition to demonstrate the entire cycle of love, from beginning to dissolution. Originally filmed in 2004 and combined with this anthology, Faubourg plays Natalie Portman as Francine, an American actress in Paris for a part in a film, and Melchior Beslon in the role of Thomas, a blind man he falls in love with. Here, the blind lead the blind through the most unstable terrain, where two people consume each other at a point where their lives almost lose their lives. Because love seems to go from dazzling to dizzying, Tykwer reminds us of the tricks it can play on our minds and the illusions it can create when we move away into doubt. <br /> <br /> Perhaps the most eclectically romantic offer comes from Sylvain Chomet's Tour Eiffel. Choosing the most identifiable attraction of the city for its title, Chomet (LES TRIPLETTES DE BELLEVILLE) gives us a child who tells the story of how his parents met and fell in love. His father, a mime (Paul Putner), finds himself falling into a surreal scenario after another and ends up ending up in jail. It is here that he meets the woman who will become the love of his life (Yolande Moreau). Imitating has become something of a dying art, if it is not already dead. And yet, by nature, it is dreamy and without problems. Imitating your silent finger points to the ridiculousness of human behavior and what, if not love, can make people more absurd? We could find someone special in the least likely of circumstances if we could only take ourselves a little less seriously. <br /> <br /> Paris, JE T'AIME keeps the flow alive by not always focusing on love between lovers. Three memorable short films focus on the love between a parent and a child. Walter Salles (MOTORCYCLE DIARIES) has Catalina Sandino Moreno singing lovingly with her baby before she leaves him to sing the same song with a distant desire for the child who watches over his life. Nobuhiro Suwa (A PARFAIT COUPLE) has Juliette Binoche trying desperately to overcome the emptiness she feels after losing her son. Binoche still says little, not surprisingly given his immense talent, his struggle is evident in his face as he learns that love sometimes means letting go. And Alfonso Cuaron (CHILDREN OF MEN) weighs with a continuous blow from a father (Nick Nolte) and his grown daughter (Sara Martins) who walk together for what must be the first time in a long time. We see them only across the street and we approach them only because the distance between the two characters narrows towards a place of comfort and acceptance. <br /> <br /> The last short film is the 14ème Arrondissement by Alexander Payne. As usual, Payne (SIDEWAYS) takes an ordinary person and shows us what makes them extraordinary. Carol (Margo Martindale) is another American in Paris. She is there alone and for less time than she would have liked since she has dogs waiting for her at home. He is a simple person with an accident-free life who finds himself in a rich and luxuriant city. In the beautifully delivered Americanized French, she meditates on the places and how to be makes them feel. This woman spends so much time trying to be happy despite the many disappointments in life and while sitting in a city made for lovers, she realizes that she is really happy and loves herself more than she knew. He falls in love, even if only for a moment, with life and love itself. <br /> <br /> The characters that appear fleetingly in Paris, JE T'AIME, are at the romantic center of the universe. The moments in which they share, helping someone after a hard fall or extending their hand towards another person without touching it or knowing it, are the moments that give love its glow and prosperity. Outside the city of lovers, it can be easy to miss moments like these, but we must remind ourselves of their meaning. It only takes a moment for love to shine through a cloudy sky. You just have to keep your heart open to see it. And if a city can be so abundant with love, you must believe that it can find its way to your door one day.
