Paris, JE T'AIME is a wonderful cinematographic tribute to the city of light and the city of love, a film so complex that it almost touches on every summary and revision. Ask a large group of people about their impressions of life in Paris and the result would be something like this movie. Tied together by each of the sectors or arrondissements of the city, the film examines love in all forms, the natives in their Parisian ways and the tourists who interact with the big city. About twenty writers and directors, each with about five minutes of screen time, include Olivier Assayas, the Coen brothers, Sylvain Chomet, Isabel Coixet, Wes Craven, Alfonso Cuarón, Gérard Depardieu, Christopher Doyle, Vincenzo Natali, Alexander Payne, Walter Salles, Nobuhiro Suwa and Gus Van Sant, among others less known. The stories range from hilarious, humorous, touching, tragic, banal, tender. <br /> <br /> In a story a young Frenchman (Gaspard Ulliel) is attracted to a young lithographer (Elias McConnell), pouring his heart into French to a boy who speaks only English. In another separated husband and wife (Gena Rowlands and Ben Gazzara) meet in the Latin Quarter to finalize divorce proceedings while another couple in Père-Lachaise (Emily Mortimer and Rufus Sewell) approaches marriage without connection until the spirit starting point Oscar Wilde does not intervene. Steve Buscemi in Tuileries faces superstition in a subway with his bag of tourist collections, in Bastille Sergio Castellitto (in love with lover Leonor Watling) is ready to divorce his wife Miranda Richardson until he confides to having terminal leukemia, Juliette Binouche faces the agony on her The fantasies and losses of her son in the Place des Victoires with the help of a mythical cowboy Willem Defoe, Sara Martins and Nick Nolte and Ludivine Sagnier show a sharp tale of misconceptions in Parc Monceau, Fanny Ardant and Bob Hoskins "play" a strange relationship in Pigalle, Melchior Beslon plays a young blind man with actress Natalie Portman in learning to see in Faubourg Saint-Denis, the love of vampires between Elijah Wood and Olga Kurylenko in the Quartier de la Madeleine, Maggie Gyllenhaal is a former patriot actress doped in the Quartier des Enfants Rouges, and Margo Martindale is a tourist letter carrier desperately looking for speak the French who studied for his life journey in a very cheerful and fun 14ème Arrondissement. <br /> <br /> The last few minutes of the film try to tie as many stories as possible, but this works only at superficial levels. The film is long and there are no bridges between the many stories, a factor that can tire the audience due to the lack of time to assimilate all the action. But in the end it is a richly detailed tribute to a great city and provides the viewer with many cartoons to be re-visited as an album of an era in Paris. It is a film that is worth seeing several times! Grady Harp
