I took my 19-year-old daughter with me to see this interesting movie-making exercise. I always find it interesting to see the opinions and opinions of a different generation on films, especially since I am a cynical myself. It's nice to have an unfair opinion from someone who hasn't yet reached the "been there, done that" approach for every movie they see. I am happy to say that we really enjoyed ourselves and considered a successful mother / daughter evening. Far, far better than going to see a dead "brain chicken" movie, which I gather is what we should enjoy, according to demographic data? <br /> <br /> Eighteen directors have been invited to produce a short piece on each of the arrondissements of Paris, a city I have not visited in 20 years. But I wish I had it. They are closely connected by the union of shots and represent different approaches to love in cities considered in popular culture as the romantic capital par excellence of the world. Some films work better than others, but, as other reviewers have said, it never goes too far in kitsch. Some are funny, some are sad, some are intriguing and some are simply disconcerting (I'm still trying to discern some deep inner truths at the "Flying Tiger, Hidden Dragon" hairdresser). Some are simply funny and maybe they shouldn't be given too much meaning (the vampire and the tourist for example.) Perhaps my only criticism of the whole film is that it makes Paris look too beautiful. It can also be cold, wet, clouded, indifferent and unhappy, or, in summer, hot and full of tourists that make you feel like a sardine able to queue for hours to see every attraction. But I'm fussy. <br /> <br /> My favorite by far was the Coen brothers' film shot on the Tuileries subway station, and starring a perfect cast Steve Buscemi as a confused tourist who finds himself inadvertently involved in a quarrel with lovers. Absolutely perfect, and very, very funny, without Buscemi having to say a word. I also perversely appreciated the piece on the two mime artists, which was probably the closest to the film, but which was certainly on the edge of kitsch, but remained on the right side. Rufus Sewell and Emily Mortimer who got a vision from a meeting with Oscar Wilde's grave left me quite indifferent, and Juliette Binoche trying to face the death of her little son made me very, very uncomfortable. I thought of both the Bob Hoskins / Fanny Ardent piece, and Ben Gazzara / Gena Rowlands a bit flat, but Maggie Gyllenhaal was good (did she take the drug addict market? I saw Sherry Baby last week). <br /> <br /> But I felt that the two pieces of "social justice" (for the sole purpose of improving it) worked very well. By this I mean first of all the film about the young mother who leaves her son in a kindergarten to go and look after someone else's child in the city. And then the film on the African migrant, which struggles to exist on the fringes of an indifferent society, who is stabbed and dies on the street in front of a young paramedic. Yet another murder statistic, in a world where thousands of migrants die in the struggle to achieve a better life every year. I thought both pieces were well observed. <br /> <br /> The final film, 14th arrondissement, in which Margo Martindale plays a Colorado postal employee who tells the story of his first trip to Paris ?? in very accented French ?? in his French class during the night, he moved me. A perfect ending, for a beautiful film, intriguing if not really exceptional. <br /> <br /> Paris je t'aime was an ambitious idea, but it works quite well.
