... for Paris it is a mobile party. "Ernest Hemingway <br /> <br /> It is impossible to count how many great talents immortalized Paris in paintings, novels, songs, poems, short but unforgettable quotes, and yes - film The famous director Max Ophüls said about Paris, <br /> <br /> "He offered the shining wet avenues under the street lamps, breakfast in Montmartre with cognac in the glass, coffee and warm brioche, gigolo and prostitutes at night. Everyone in the world has two homelands: his and Paris. "<br /> <br /> Paris is always associated with love and romance, and" Paris, Je T'Aime "which is subtitled" Petite Romances "is a collection of short films, often sketches of 18 talented directors from from all over the world, in each of them we have become familiar with one of the 20 arrondissements of the City of Light and with the Parisians of all ages, genders, colors and backgrounds who all deal with love in its many variations and stages: in some of the "small novels" are witnesses of the unexpected encounters of strangers that lead to an immediate interest, to the closeness and perhaps to the relationship: as for Podalydès and Florence Muller in the street of Montmartre in the opening film or for Cyril Descours and Leïla Bekhti as a white boy and a Muslim girl whose cross-cultural romanticism directed by Gurinder Chadha begins on the Quais de Seine. I would include in this category the humorous short film by Gus Van Sant. "Le Marais" a little boy his heart towards another boy who confesses to a sudden unexpected closeness, asking permission to call, without ever realizing that the object of his interest does not include French. <br /> <br /> Some of the cartoons are moving and even dark. In Walter Salles and Daniela Thomas "Loin du 16ème", Catalina Sandino Mareno (incredible debut at the Oscar for Mary full of grace) is single, working class mother who has to work as a nanny in a rich neighborhood to pay for the nursery where her baby falls every morning before going to work. One of the most memorable and truly heartbreaking films is "Place des Fêtes" by Oliver Schmitz. Aïssa Maïga and Seydou Boro are two young actors for whom love could have happened. There were promises, but it was interrupted because of hatred and intolerance that are present everywhere, and the City of Love and Light is no exception. Another one that really struck me was "Bastille", written and directed by Isabel Coixet, with Sergio Castellitto, Miranda Richardson and Leonor Watling. Castellitto has fallen out of favor with his wife, Richardson, but when he is ready to leave with the beautiful mistress, the devastating news of his wife's doctor arrives ... <br /> <br /> I can continue to reflect on all 18 small gems. I really like some of them. The others felt weak and maybe they will soon be forgotten, but overall, I am very happy to have bought the DVD and I know that I will return to my favorite movies again and again. I am "Place des Fêtes" which I have already mentioned, "Père-Lachaise" directed by Wes Craven which involves the ghost of one of the most witty and intelligent men of all time, Oscar Wilde (Alexander Payne, the director of "Sideways") who would save a troubled relationship. Payne also directed the "14th arrondissement" in which a lonely middle-aged post-worker from Denver, CO, explores the city on his own by providing the voice in French with a strong accent. The entry of Payne is one of the most moving and amusing "Tuileries" by Joel and Ethan Coen with (who else? :)) Steve Buschemi is my absolute favorite. In both short films, American tourists sit on benches (Margo in the park and Steve in the Paris subway after visiting Louvers) observing life around them with different results. While Margo could say: "My feeling is sad and light, my pain is bright ..." Steve's character will discover that sometimes, even the most complete and useful tourist guide would not help a tourist to avoid doing things wrong in a foreign country.
