I saw it tonight in a seminar on digital projection (shot in 35mm and the first full-length feature scanned in 6k mastered in 4k and projected with 2k projector at Hwd's ETC / USC Theater). So much for technology. 18 directors (including Alexander Payne, Wes Cravens, Joel and Ethan Coen, Gus Van Sant, Walter Salles and Gerard Depardieu, among several good French / international directors) received 5 minutes to make a love story. They come in all shapes and forms, with known actors (Elijah Wood, Natalie Portman, Steve Buscemi ... totally hilarious ..., Maggie Glyllenhall, Nick Nolte, Geena Rowlands ... so good ... and she actually wrote the piece that was in, Ms Depardieu and many good international actors. The stories vary from all romance to eccentric comedy to Alex Payne's moving study of a woman who discovers herself in Van Sant and one of those things that happen everywhere ... maybe? putting the French speaking in most sequences (with English subtitles) and a small amount of real spoken English, although this will probably relegate it to art houses (a la Diva). Even just a piece that could be considered " experimental "but colorful and even fun, the rest simple studies of sometimes complex relationships. Everything easy to follow (unless the" experimental "does not irritate your desire for a formidable story. Many have aroused or some emotions for me ... I admit to being influenced by love in the cinema ... when it is presented in something other than sentimentality. I even laughed at a mime like no one else I've seen (thanks for that!) The film reached its peak, for me, somewhere around a little more than half, then the last two sequences resumed again. Some nice shots of Paris at night, a kind of romantic and lush music, usually used with good results, not only for "emotions" in sound, usually good cinematography, even if some shots seemed soft focus when it could not be ( main character in the shot / scene). The rhythm of each film was good, and the overall structure, although a little long (they left out two of what had to be 20 films, but said everyone would be on the DVD) seemed to vary between the tones of the films for maintain a good balance. I don't know when it will come out, but a good study on how to make a 5 minute film .. and sometimes, what doesn't work (if it covers too much time, emotionally, for a short film). It should be in the region one when released, but they didn't know when.
