I saw this film a couple of days ago in a small independent cinema in Paris. It was my last night in the French capital and the best farewell I could have chosen. These twenty episodes made me relive the impressions I had gathered in Paris in a way that warms the heart without slipping into a kitsch or sentimental schmaltz. Each episode is full of surprises, strong emotions and suggestive images and each short film is directed according to the rules of a good story. For me this kind of film requires a lot more talent and quality as a storyboard writer and writer than any two-hour epic drama and everyone has done their job excellently! The stories have been carefully chosen with regard to their corresponding Arrondissement and express their respective talent perfectly. Each episode was seen from a different ankle, had a different theme, a different style and still the twenty stories result in a harmonica film orchestra. The most notable advantage with the concept of an episode film in my opinion is based on the fact that it is possible to go from a great variety of feelings and moods without the danger of overload, just the opposite: the melange of sadness, melancholy, pure joy, despair, anger, anxiety, curiosity or passion give this film a unique freshness and harmony. And don't forget the whole topic of love! Love between the characters, love between the characters and Paris and also the love of the directors and actors / actresses for this project. I don't want to go into the details of the episodes because there are so many, but I have to highlight the range of world-famous actors and actresses from around the world and their approach to this project. Some have played with their image, some have completely broken and some have interpreted the stereotypes related to their country of origin or the roles they had played in the past, so intertextuality has been given throughout the film. All in all, I can absolutely recommend this fantastic collage and I can't wait to see it on DVD.
