I was fortunate to attend a screening in Stockholm for this elegantly expressive, fun and inspiring film. With romanticism as a heavier weapon in his arsenal, Paris je t'aime dives bravely into love in Paris, navigating the different forms in eighteen separate "quarters", but without sulking in Paris and the mushy formulas. Does his gold mine undoubtedly come from frustration on the parts of the directors ?? frustration for having only 5-10 minutes of screen time ?? so you are presented only with the best and safest direction from each party. <br /> <br /> In discussing whether I should review all 18 segments, I reached the conclusion that it would be simply redundant and verbose. Rather, rest assured that every director interprets the film with his eccentric styles and skills and you will surely find your favorite. Although Gus Van Sant cannot resist the temptation to be introspective, his LES MARAIS is one of the best contributions, even if he sneaks into a well-placed Kurt Cobain reference. The Coen brothers recreate one of the most accessible segments of Paris, a scene with a silent but emotionally transparent Steve Buscemi, an impassive humor and intelligent camera angles that surely generated more laughter in my theater, and perhaps rightly so. <br /> <br /> In this way, all narrative lines are exquisitely unique ?? filtered through the minds of several directors ?? but what differs from the rest is QUARTIER DE LA MADELEINE by Vincenzo Natali, a dark-dark-dark love with Elijah Wood as a tourist lost in the alleys of Paris on the night he meets a vampire. With a black and white format but blood red contrast that seems to incongruously bleed off the screen, does it become almost a Sin City pastiche ?? a disquieting and visual turn in an otherwise fairly well-founded film. <br /> <br /> My single favorite segment was Tom Tykwer's FAUBOURG SAINT-DENIS, but I think I'm conditioned to think so, since I went to the theater with him as my favorite and touched my friend's side saying "finally, this is my favorite director here". However, it cannot be denied that Tykwer offers a nice segment in which a blind boy picks up the phone, and hears from his girlfriend (Portman - for once not annoying) that she breaks up with him, and reflects on their relationship. Like Tywker's style, the story is dizzyingly fast, kinetic and repetitive, with screams and running (Lola Rennt) which makes it the most adrenaline-filled segment in Paris je t'aime and maybe even the most touching when Tywker starts to handle his most powerful tool ?? music. <br /> <br /> To fill the negative account, clearly not all directors are as touching as Tywker, Van Sant, Cohens, Coixet and Dépardieu. Sylvain Chomet scrapes the bottom of the pile into a truly single-use segment in which a boy tells the story of how his parents met. They are two solitary mimes. This part is so French in the face and desperately extravagant that it is offensive to international viewers. Suwa also directs a poor and mischievous segment with an unusually distraught Juliette Binoche who mourns the loss of her son. Nothing else happens Finally, the wrap-up and weaving of the 18 stories in the end feels a bit hasty and heartless. <br /> <br /> Yet Paris je t'aime really spoils you with quality, because all the other stories are good. Made with acting and fun writing. It is certainly one of the highlights of 2006 (I don't say much, I suppose) and a very personal film in the sense that it is inevitable to choose a favorite and a less favorite one. Highly recommended for both the mainstream of "pretentious" (heh) audience. <br /> <br /> 8 out of 10
