Although Cameron Grant was clearly hired to replace Andrew Blake in Ultimate Pictures when the latter founded his company (Studio A), he practically passed the "Master" right outside the gate when it came to setting hot sex scenes. So, while all of Blake's window dressing had been a pioneer (stars in fetish lingerie and sunglasses, combed and made-up as if they were going to hit the catwalk) she was very present and explained, Grant added his personal turn to carnal content. In doing so, has it raised the level of heat to a level that had escaped Big A since its first? and IMHO better ?? NIGHT TRIPS movie. The first attempt by Cam, ELEMENTS OF DESIRE, may still have been hampered by an excessively servile adherence to Blake's aesthetics (with an excess of girls on girl), but his next PARTY DINNER shows him already at the top of his form in what must surely the title is his masterpiece. <br /> <br /> The title sets out the premise as a group of well-known friends and acquaintances who gather at dinner to exchange sexy stories, with a prolonged orgy at the conclusion. The delicious Juli Ashton and Tammy Parks spread food all over each other in their sequence of kitchens that will surely delight those with the taste of combining the pleasures of the palette with those of the meat. Busty Crystal Gold (here: "Catalina") was rarely more than a reliable second-stringer, adding spice to several NOIRs of the Ora Zee, but it looks absolutely gorgeous here in a romantic four-poster sprite with Fabio, the double of Vince Voyeur. The beautiful blondes Kylie Ireland and Yvonne, with Marc Davis (for the record, the second two were an object at the time) under a waterfall, complete the "eye candy" section of the film. <br /> <br /> kitchen! The first Jenna Jameson ("Daisy" at that time) foreshadows the greatness of coming while downloading Frank Towers ("Mark Slade" in her subsequent transition to the gay sector) of all vital juices, albeit with a little help from the brunette Diva for an effective contrast, the elegant industrial setting of the scene offers a suggestive background for sex in full inclination. Gerry Pike, the incredibly handyman worker, tries to cool off on a sweltering summer day by diving into the water, a prospect too tempting for the Asiatic Carrera business woman (always very pretty) to give up. The best of the show must be the imaginative sequence that has Norma Jeane and the beautiful Sean Michaels teasing each other's pants? for beginners! ?? while separated by a glass partition until the predictably finicky conclusion. <br /> <br /> With sex that proves to be artistic or warm, and more often than not both, Grant has invented a real smörgåsbord of meaty products to continue the film analogy that the title implies. Couples can be the main audience, but an alternation between the villain and the sympathetic should rightly include that "something for everything" recipe to which so many functions for adults aim. Interpreted as his DoP, the director shows great attention to detail, like the shot of Asia Carrera's pristine white shoes sprayed with mud, which enrich his vision. Does this distinguish him as a great filmmaker rather than a simple help, as in the case of Nick Steele who has stepped forward to take his place in Ultimate ?? effectively making him replace a replacement? ?? when he packed for the greener pastures.
