Robert Altman is my favorite American director. I must admit I liked the films that are usually scorned: "Quintet", if only for giving me the pleasure of seeing a beautiful and large Brigitte Fossey, who was as unforgettable as the child in the "Forbidden Games"; "HealtH", to have Lauren Bacall, Carol Burnett, Alfre Woodard and Glenda Jackson, all in the same cast; "Popeye", for that splendid and surreal world, Olive Oyl by Shelley Duvall and the wonderful locations of Malta; "O.C. & Stiggs", for his proposal for an anti-"teen" film; "Beyond Therapy", for his madness and for the presence of Genèvieve Page, who with all his efforts to look at the Parisian elegance is taken for a transvestite ... I even liked his TV movies in one act, like "The Dumb Waiter" "and" The Laundromat ". When there's not a lot of storyline to develop in your films, you have wonderful performances, from Burnett, John Travolta, Kim Basinger or Jane Curtin. I perceive and appreciate the different approach and description which makes the many different cultures of the United States. It is a pity that his genius is rarely appreciated and that he is always forgotten when it comes to delivering American prizes and awards. He is not the typical mainstream supplier of fantasies. He is more of a non-conformist "So it's not surprising for me to find so many negative comments published here on" The Gingerbread Man ", his most" mainstream "effort to date and to my knowledge. I didn't know there were so many people who thought or like Leonard Maltin, who didn't like Altman at all. In this case, one may not like "The Gingerbread Man", but for me the reason has more to do with Grisham than with the director-screenwriter. Some of Altman's brands are here: impromptu dialogues, great shows, a fun office of lawyers with the typical secretary and irreverent secretary. While some people find it boring, I found the first fascinating act, thanks to the great photograph by Changwei Gu, the man who shot "Red Sorghum", "Ju Dou" and "Farewell My Concubine". He has a way of showing us the same things we see in other American films, but in a different light. Through his "foreign look", almost everything looks new and different. In this first act, things were so logical and true! Wait till you grow old. You could be in trouble if you fall under the spell of someone younger and more beautiful than Embeth Davidtz. I know for myself what I did fascinated by someone who is younger than me! Then you have the repellent, threatening and mysterious character of Robert Duvall, while that storm Geraldo is threatening Savannah. The second act becomes a little fake and even funny, because Altman could have done it with a smile. I remember laughing out loud in several cases with his ironic remarks. I think he was applying a bit of Brecht, distancing himself, preparing for the third act, which is a simple Hollywood pastiche. Altman does it competently. Being a wise man and an intelligent director, fortunately he did not fall into the traps of today's action movies. He was directing a story of lust, greed and death. I wasn't a bit disappointed with the movie. If I give a nine instead of 10, it's because of Grisham. The American reader has turned him into a successful author. So why complain? Perhaps we should thank Altman for showing us the seams in his stories, the dullness, the flatness and the stupidity of all of them. However, he does it with so much taste and humor, that I can only disagree with the negative comments. For me, these people have seen another movie ... And vice versa.
