Robert Altman should not make a film like this, but the fact that he did it and turns out to be a reasonably good thriller and tightly wrapped in that pocket-sized tradition of Grisham's thrillers, shows a versatility that is commendable. In the Gingerbread Man, he actually has to work with something that, unfortunately, isn't always very successful, or at least it's not the first thing on his checklist as a director: plot. There is one of those big, juicy pot schemes almost where a bad lawyer is captured by a desperate low-class woman and then a wicked figure that the woman is tied to enters their lives in the most stunning ways, twists and turns and plot, yada yada. And it is surprising that Altman would really like to tackle one of these "I saw him coming from behind!" finals, or just a semi-conventional thriller. <br /> <br /> But it is a surprise that pays off because, strangely, Altman is able to grasp some of these very fine behaviors, or rather he is able to involuntarily pull him out of a very well done ensemble of a Georgian environment of a small town. The film drips with atmosphere (if not with a superlative level of craftsmanship, sometimes it's good and sometimes just decent for Altman), since Savannah will probably be hit by a large hurricane and the swamp and the marshes and rain will keep things steep and wet. So the atmosphere is really powerful, but so are the (sometimes) hysterical performances of Kenneth Branaugh, Embeth Davitz as the "woman" with whom attorney Branaugh is involved and Robert Downey Jr (when is * not * good? ) As the private detective in Branaugh's employment. Have I overlooked Robert Duvall, who in just five minutes of screen makes such an indelible impression to hang the negative vibrations of the image? <br /> <br /> As mentioned, part of the plot is a bit weak, or just some sort of standard (the lawyer is divorced, a bitter battle for custody, innocent and stupid children), but at the same time time I think that Altman saw something eye-catching in the material, something more obscure than some of Grisham's other works that he somehow stood out. If it is not entirely masterful, it still works in its limited terms as a mystery that will happen in the near future: Southern-noir.
