Steven Spielberg wanted to win an Oscar so badly he thought he would not win by directing epic special effects (he was nominated for three of them: "Close Encounters of the Third Kind", "Raiders of the Lost Ark", and "ET: The Extra -Terrestrial ". So he decided to become very serious by directing" The Color Purple ", a vintage film with no special effects. Spielberg's first serious drama is a remarkable film, but the voters of the Academy who voted again in 1985 did not give Spielberg any respect. "The Color Purple" received 11 Oscar nominations including Best Picture, but Spielberg was unfairly snubbed when he was not nominated for Best Director. It got worse during Oscar night when this film didn't win an Oscar single. It was completely ruled out. It wasn't right. "The Color Purple" should have won a couple of Oscars including one for the spectacular film debut of Whoopi Goldberg as Celie, a woman and suffers at the hands of a violent husband (appallingly placed by Danny Glover), then gets s tronger throughout the film thanks to some special friends. Oprah Winfrey also made her feature film debut here and gives a great performance as Sofia, one of Celie's friends. Since I'm from Chicago, I had already met Winfrey from his talk show (which at the time of this film's release had not gone nationally). Like Goldberg, what a cinematic debut! Margaret Avery is as fantastic as Shug Avery, another friend who is also the lover of Celie's rotten husband. All three actresses received well-deserved Oscar nominations for their work here (Goldberg as best actress, Winfrey and Avery as best supporting actress). Set to the south during the first half of the 20th century, "The Color Purple" is such a strong film that it made me cry at the end. It made me laugh even sometimes. The reason why the voters of the Academy have been so hard not to name Spielberg as the best director is a mystery that still puzzles me today. But Spielberg would go on to win two Oscars several years later for "Schindler's List" and "Saving Private Ryan", making him one of the best directors of all time. But he should have been nominated for this film. The work he did by switching from special effects blockbusters like "E.T." a serious drama like "The Color Purple" was remarkable. <br /> <br /> **** (out of four)
