In Joel Schumacher, you have one of the most inconsistent filmmakers of all time. But this is a common knowledge; I think his main problem is the range of genres he covers while at the same time failing to develop any kind of style that could label him as an author. Hitchcock loved his suspense and his horror / thriller; Chaplin liked his play; Scorsese likes his criminal mafia stories, among others, and Spielberg loves his large-scale, big-budget adventure movies that combine enough violence for adults and fun for kids. Other more obscure examples include Kubrick and Welles who spoke too much to write about here. <br /> <br /> But Schumacher is the type who makes an imperfect film on a great idea or a really nice film revolving around a seemingly boring premise. Falling Down had a great idea, but I found it imperfect and anticlimatic with too many scenes that seem to rely on comedy. Batman is a superhero; superhero movies have been big hits recently, so how did you manage to make not one but two scary superhero movies is beyond me. Then comes 8MM; a film with a basic premise that is performed impressively before Tigerland, which is Schumacher's best film from what I've seen so far, in my opinion. With the genre of war, laughter is not something you associate with most of the time. I remember mocking the absurdity of the D-Day landings during the rescue of Private Ryan: at the time when I first saw the film, I didn't have much knowledge of the World War II bar when it started and ended. My eyebrows were up, my mouth slightly open with a faint 'I can't believe he smiled' on my face. Needless to say, it was because of that film that I tried to learn a little more about what that event was and the war as a whole. In Tigerland, you are invited to laugh at the absurdity of war through Bozz (Farrell), a tough and egotistic military training for the Vietnam war. <br /> <br /> But what is clever here is that there are no wars that leave scenes of fighting, death and destruction in awe; just a man and his battle with the system most of the time. The things he says and the audacity with which he deals with his situation remind a school child who ends up with a string of teachers in an extremely strict college. Tigerland could borrow from Full Metal Jacket, in the sense that it's a training routine for the Vietnam War, but egos and superegos play more than a part here, I think. The superegos that are the sergeants instructors hurl themselves against Bozz whose ego is extremely large. There is also the third part of Freud's triangle that sneaks into Bozz: the ID. Compared to all the other soldiers who all have a rather large ego, Bozz is the only one brave enough to show him in front of the sergeants, suggesting therefore that he is allowed what he should not do to fly to the surface and express himself: "You they all died in this situation! "a sergeant barks. "Any question?" "Yes, if I'm dead, why can I ask a question?" replies Bozz, whose punishments like push-ups and dirty food seem to disassociate him in a true style of identification; he likes punishment. <br /> <br /> Even with regards to the supergens, Bozz at one point tries to command a group of soldiers in field training. This is something that the current team captain cannot do, which suggests that he lacks both the required superego for the job and the confidence to tell Bozz that he is in charge. What follows is a real conversation between Bozz and an experienced sergeant who gives him his first name. It is here that the character of Wilson (Whigham) comes into play: his uncontrollable anger and rage at Bozz explodes at one point, culminating in the only real scenes of a shooting that comes in the form of a training exercise in a river. Wilson cannot control his impulses and his dislike of Bozz and recites. <br /> <br /> What I liked about Tigerland is that he turned bravely. Though lacking in innovation, Tigerland appears to use stocks of lower quality films or fewer cameras to show off his gritty appearance. Make no mistake that this could have been a good movie with lots of color and attractiveness. But we get a documentary approach in the final piece, making everything look like it was shot on a typical everyday TV camera; the emphasis on the hand is also evident, but Schumacher is intelligent: he never allows the film to become too much like a mockumentry, while at the same time suggesting that the film's budget could have been half of what it was. It is worth mentioning here that Spielberg said he wanted to save Private Ryan so as to resemble a real movie or something like that and as if it had been recorded from the war scenes. <br /> <br /> Despite being a lot of fun and fun, Tigerland is still a great study of what makes people tick; not necessarily in war but in the nearest possible substitute. His study of a man and how he hates the system he can't even take seriously is as fascinating as any soldier's impulse. There are several memorable scenes and situations that culminate in a happy, if not unhappy final that will open your mind and make you think of what maybe is really in the military.
