The journey of Will and Ted Bodacious is an existential journey through the themes of mortality, religion, time, Paradise and Hell, the search for man for fame and his fears of the body that is overcome by a machine soulless. It is the most intelligent science fiction opera from the time of Paradise Lost and refers to many great works of the past: Dante, Iron Maiden, Virgil, Shakespeare. This time the dudes are a famous rock band that has traveled through time collecting icons of the past: Napolean, Joan Of Ark (Noah's wife), Oscar Wilde and Charles Darwin. They took the skills learned from each of these people, kidnapped a couple of princesses and eventually learned to play guitars and write hit songs. These songs teach the world to love again and war, hunger, evil are defeated for eternity. We advance quickly into the distant future where a devil dictator who despises good music called Simon Cow-Al wants to rule the world. Eat Rooshus (the good guy from the first movie that helps Bill Playboy Esquire and Ted Theodore Alvin) and gains the power to send two cyborgs back in time. Cyborgs are living tissues on exoskeletal metal and coated in a mimetic alloy that allows them to survive the turbulence of time travel and can imitate anything they sample through physical contact. It is their job to kill the good Biff and Fred and take control of their lives by making terrible music that no one could like. In doing so they will change the world forever - the music of Gryll and Jed will never be made leaving a world of war, hunger and hatred, and more annoyingly, bland pop / group pop music. There is a surprising turn in which the good guys are killed and have to find a way to save the world, themselves and their wives from the devil's Dabol Dang who live in their bodies. <br /> <br /> Penelope Spheerhead shows her knowledge of youth culture and real culture by mixing modern music and phrases with postmodern ensembles and artistic references, and tries to teach us something by digging into our own psyche to show us ourselves. Presents the nightmares that confronted the adolescent of the 80s in a society that had abandoned them and mentions us to analyze post-structuralist chauvinism, self-love and the malaise of the time. Loading us with the conviction that we can really change the world is an inspiring message, but to make those dreams come true we must cross and really face our nightmares. To win is to succeed, to defeat death is the first step to truly live and not simply to survive. In the words of Kenneth Reeves: "Wow!" Best scene: for a fun game, see how many songs, groups and albums include references you can see during the movie. There are at least 6 of them.
