This is the first American film to successfully adopt the naturalistic style used by Europeans, in particular by the French and the Belgians, for at least a decade, and isn't it now? Following three high school girls in the neighborhood of Crown Heights in Brooklyn during the last days of their summer break between freshman and second year, he does what all good art should be: he discovers the universal in the particular. Although the concerns of the girls are outwardly conventional - males, sex, popularity, money, freedom and clothes - we see how the whole life is shaped, the universal interface between character and destiny. <br /> <br /> Naturalism is complete, complete. The film breathes, remains in the moment, lives in real time. History tells of itself. The medium and its artifacts, for once, are not the message. The film, without stopping, sincerely conveys the childish perspective of its characters; it does not impose its own meanings or its own adult morality. Details emerge on their own, they are never pushed, and therefore they seem all the more real and powerful for their understatement. Although great suffering has been taken to capture the authentic social reality of Crown Heights, part of the largest black ghetto in New York City and one of the most dangerous violent places in the United States, the subject is childhood in the ghetto, not the ghetto <br /> <br /> The documentary films of a band's training sessions, the Jackie Robinson Steppers, punctuate the film at regular intervals with an explosion of colors, movements and sounds. Otherwise, the camera remains very close, very intimate, a patient, smart and discreet observer. The language is rich, spontaneous, transparent acting. Some scenes stand out, like dangling girls, each of which reveals its deepest fantasies. Lanisha's confession about her acceptance of a death by random violence is the most unsettling, one of the deepest scars in the ghetto. Sharing the confusion and fear before the rigid challenges of adult life with her mother is equally moving and beautifully affirmative. <br /> <br /> Social realities are respected, not publicized: all three girls are raised by single mothers, only one, Lanisha, has an active father in her life (and, not surprisingly, of the three she is the most emotionally stable and empathetic for others, and the one with the greatest self-respect). Two of them suffer from asthma, a disproportionately prevalent disease in the city center. The shots, an accepted daily fact, interrupt their conversation only momentarily. Only one of the girls, Joy, feels hope, feels she has control over the future, while the other two at various levels have already accepted despair. <br /> <br /> This is by far the best American drama I've seen in years. Look at it, look at it, look at it.
