`Our Song 'gives us the lives of three teenagers Lanisha, Maria and Joycelyn - the best girlfriends suspended at the end of the summer. The adolescent summer - although we do not know the signs and milestones of this particular terrain, Crown Heights, Brooklyn - is / was the same for all of us. A slow break from the pressures and the tumult of the school. Welcome warmth and laziness. <br /> <br /> But if this experience of adolescence is universal, the inner city of the 90s is a different place from what many of us know - perhaps as a foreign country like no one. Young bodies that carve new shapes ... invite you to a new territory ... the labyrinth to adulthood. The young mind enters into itself, speaks for itself, saying that this is who I am, this is what I want to try to be. It's / was always like that. But that's how it happens in Brooklyn in the late 90s. Jim McKay is the writer / director of this film project, but he recognizes all those who shouted suggestions to him. The slide of the opening title "A film of" seems to list everyone in the universe. It is a gesture but at the end of the film, we know that it is authentic. [The closing titles also have some of the most burdensome and appreciated credits I've read.] The vivid recording of Jan McLaughlin's sound deserves to be particularly noticed. McKay is a modest leader who knows who is telling this story - it's his three thanks Lanisha, Maria and Joycelyn. They are the real thing, their interactions have the fire of true friendship and the focus of reality. This is not a shorthand of the music videos of adolescent life. He has the seriousness of a long, steady gaze. <br /> <br /> Going out with them, we don't feel included enough but we feel privileged to listen. These are true voices that speak clearly about the crises and obtuseness of everyday life. We are witnesses of the modern mathematics of adolescent life - how its problems are interpreted, calculated, summed up and solved. Small scenes illustrate great thoughts everywhere. Lanisha hangs from her father for her security work: it's the only way she can spend time with him. We see the love that exists between them but also the failures of the family and paternity. In a connected scene, Lanisha defends her father from her mother, and we see how desperately she needs to love them both and love them in return. Later, the three friends lay in the dark sharing visions and dreams - and we remember how crazy / funny kids are and more tragically, how realism hammered idealism these days. And in the end, Maria simply walking down the street is a story in itself. We see her gather the courage to keep all her fears and doubts at bay. It shows us the strength we need to have to embrace the fragility that makes life livable. <br /> <br /> The greatest gift of our song is that we deeply feel the terribly ephemeral nature of friendship - how, one day, alive and invigorating, that intimacy can, in the other, turn around and walk away. It's terrible, but it's true, isn't it?
