I think back to the days when I kept my boyfriend hat to smell it in my life since I was 16 years old. The little moments of this film are so accurate and in step with what happens in the minds and hearts of girls during the teenage years. Now at my age I want to preach their decisions to them and how the life of those times is not as important as it all seems in those moments. That if they can be patient in their youth and wait to experience the difficulties of life both external and internal, that life would be much sweeter. But then again the young people of today are facing some variables that I have never had to do with a young person. <br /> <br /> The three main characters played well by all three actors (Kerry Wahington - Lanisha, Anna Simpson - Joycelyn and Melissa Martinez-Maria) give us the very credible representation of a piece of reality for girls living in impoverished situations. They have impoverished family lives all grown up by single mothers with the expectation of Lanisha whose father is present but who does not actively support her day by day. They have impoverished educational systems and lack direct contact with the achievement of role models. These situations strongly affect them and it is their reality, but all this is not of great depressive concern for these young women in their day to day. They except their situation and focus on the same things that girls around the world are interested in. Find true love in a male, have good friends you can rely on, earn a little respect / love and responsibility from your parents and enjoy life. This was if this film went through the race, age and gender gap imposed by its characters and the context in which it is imprinted. <br /> <br /> The director and screenwriter McKay explains on the DVD how each of the scenes came to mind, simply by looking at the young people of that age who lived in those types of neighborhoods. Also, add three emerging actresses who are not so far from that moment in their lives to get a true synergy of reality and to do their best. The only thing I know (African Americans and Hispanics) is that there is always a member of the spiritual family or a neighbor who is in the foreground or close believing in a better day and a better life and future, despite the present situation and it's a role modeling this to some extent. This has never been touched in the film to not preach and I understand it, but it also limits the culture to have no hope in anything other than themselves. <br /> <br /> THE FACTOR OF HOPE: now I think about my future and where I come from and I say how Lanisha did "Today is a good day". Yes, poverty still exists, racism, sexism and any other ism that we can add. Yes, some of these young girls' actions perpetuate isms and are self-destructive, everything around them is impoverished but NONE of those past or present actions or their environment leaves them hopeless for a bright future. I stood with the saddened hope of each of the characters and a deeper desire to be a model in the life of a girl on the verge of making a destructive decision. I suppose it is the value of the film that should not only entertain, but induce each of us to think, reflect and then act in a positive way to make this world a better place. <br /> <br />
