"One day we will walk among the rays of a beautiful sun One day, when the world is much brighter" - The 5 Stairsteps "Ooh Child" <br /> <br /> Movies about black adolescents usually involve the city center gangs dealing with drugs or committing violence in a hip-hop soundtrack. It is difficult to find films about the daily problems of ordinary adolescents in the inner city, but there is a gem to be discovered that I would like to recommend. Our song, by Jim McKay, talks about three girls in the section of Crown Heights in Brooklyn who learn that their high school will be closed for asbestos removal and will have to decide on their future direction, one that could lead to going in separate ways. The story is told from the point of view of a fifteen year old, not from an adult who remembers the past as in the films of most of the training. By avoiding mandatory road jargon and excessive use of F words, it offers an honest and loving portrait of three friends at a crossroads in their lives. The girls: Lanisha (Kerry Washington), Joycelyn (Anna Simpson) and Maria (Melissa Martinez) are in their second year at the local high school. They are active members of the Jackie Robinson Steppers, a true marching band whose evidence for a Labor Day parade provides discipline and purpose to their lives. <br /> <br /> Similar to David Gordon Green's George Washington but less stylized, the film stages non-professional actors from Latin and black with Kerry Washington as the protagonist. While the performances have amateur moments, I became so involved in the story that I forgot that the girls acted. Maria, whose father is in prison, found out she was pregnant by Terrell, a local student. He wants to have the baby even though she is only 15 and knows that Terrell probably won't be very helpful. Joycelyn works in a bespoke clothing store but dreams of becoming a singer. In a very touching scene in his bedroom, he pretends to talk to his fans, then he lies down on the bed to recite one of his poems. She is close to Lanisha and Maria at the beginning, but leaves to make friends outside the neighborhood. None of the girls receive much support at home and Maria is too afraid to tell her mother about her baby. Still, single moms are not typical deadbeats or alcoholics. They are affectionate and affectionate parents whose time with their children is limited due to the pressure to support the family. <br /> <br /> Lanisha's parents are divorced but she is able to visit her father, a concierge in a luxury condominium and talk about music. His mother is comforting when Lanisha discovers that a friend from the neighborhood committed suicide, a rather melodramatic plot point in an otherwise realistic film. As the summer subsides, the girls move away and decide each on a different path. There are no great dramatic moments, however, only the sad acknowledgment of the inevitability of change. Even if we don't have the blinders on the frustrations that can wait for them, we identify with their hopes and dreams without dwelling on the negative. Our song is an emotionally satisfying film about growth in projects that refuses to see life in terms other than possibility.
