When you start watching this masterpiece of animation, you immediately realize that it is a European production. Although Europeans have (unfortunately) integrated some of the clichés that are normally found in an American production of this type, most of them are missing. One of these is that there is an overwhelming evil that only our (very few and very unlikely) heroes can defeat. Another is that one of the group is alone in the business for money, is greedy, runs away when the heat is high but somehow yields to its best nature. This film would have been better without both. <br /> <br /> The film is based on a TV series released four years before the film. Unlike the film, the TV series is a cartoon and not a computer animation. At first I thought the computer would kill the charm and the character of the plot, but I was quickly convinced: anyone who did the animation knew his stuff! Although the characters are obviously fictitious (in the photos they don't even seem real), they seem alive and sentient as the audience following their research. Making characters that for "normal" standards could be considered deformed (those micro-legs could never carry that gigantic body and even less make it jump) so alive and lovable is more than "just a climax"! The creation of the world is another masterpiece. Not so much for its appearance but for its inventiveness. The world in which our heroes travel is not as solid as ours but is composed of many pieces of land that vary in shape and size and seem to float in mid-air. When a person walks on a smaller piece of ground, he nods a little as if he were touching his weight. In some cases, up and down no longer apply, but our heroes still manage to get a foothold somewhere. Even if the world of floating islands is completely surreal, in this film it is absolutely credible and after a while it doesn't seem weird to run in a car somewhere in New York. <br /> <br /> I wrote that the looks of the world are not as breathtaking as the idea. As far as I can see, the quality of the world, the characters and attention to detail are astounding. Although the characters' faces have relatively few attributes, emotions can be read as clearly as in the faces of Sean Connery or Dustin Hoffman. The world around the characters is wonderfully colorful and there are not two equal settings. The background is always in motion, there is always something that makes the world seem even more alive. If you interrupt the movie and look in the background you will be surprised how many details you can find. <br /> <br /> The existence of Hector really puts the icing on the cake. Hector is a little hairy "thing" (perhaps the equivalent of a dog in our world) that is totally lovable and extremely funny. Although it is not very important for the main plot, it would be as unmissable as Scrat would be in the Ice Age. The really nice thing about Hector is that you have to talk to Gibberish to figure it out. <br /> <br /> If the film is so big, why didn't I give it 10 stars? Well, the plot itself was pretty thin. Two hunters are sent to save the world from a really bad dragon who wants to swallow the world, it's not really original. This in itself would not be much of a problem. What I missed was the basic information. What kind of dragon was this and why did it look like this? I love mythical stories but if they become too thin they seem written after the film ended in a weak attempt to give some depth to the whole thing. <br /> <br /> Another thing I didn't like is Zoé. Although a child like her could be considered adorable, it was a bit of a pain in this movie. He seemed pretty resistant to all kinds of learning about reality, he kept on dreaming about a hero based on a storybook and basically slowing down others. It would have been OK if it had developed a little more and a little earlier in the film - or had been less feminine to begin with. For me the idea of ​​this girl who was there to distort the story is a little upset with the writers. <br /> <br /> All in all, this is really a good movie for almost all ages.
