My first impression would be that this is Beowulf only with all the beautiful fighting pieces of Grendel and intact dragons, making it a thrilling journey from beginning to end. Written by Frederic Lanoir and Arthur Qwak, the two have created a fantastic landscape that becomes a character in itself within their history, with its ever-changing environment made up of small spheres of earth that roam around, which can be either lands uncultivated, both globes of green. <br /> <br /> The story is simple, which tells of a land that is cowering in expectation of an unwanted visit by a mighty dragon to plunder and destroy, and the resident knights have all been annihilated. Join the granddaughter of King Zoe (Marie Drion) who gathers Lian-Chu (Vincent Lindon), a huge brute with immense strength but really a gentle giant, and his comrade in arms Gwizdo (Patrick Timsit), who balances the partnership with his smart brain. Lian-Chu and Gwizdo (along with their proudly spewed indoor pet creature) share a common dream of owning farmland and spending idyllic days tending their retired farm animals, but to do so is the requirement of being financially free , hence their career in monster-extermination that does not pay exactly. <br /> <br /> This is basically the essence of everything, but what makes this movie a show, is its CG graphics, which is solidly rich, detailed and wonderful to see. It has some wonderful action pieces carefully created to draw you into the action, and during those fight sequences, there is no boring moment. Photorealistic moments of non-existent landscapes make you put aside the fantasy of fiction, and it is easy to be admired by the landscape that goes beyond the usual three suns and a kaleidoscope of flying props (here is George!) And I've never had enough of the final battle, even if the usual jokers will find some flaws in the indestructibility of the main characters. <br /> <br /> I believe this film has opened my eyes to the fact that there are many other computer animation companies around the world that have qualities in their product to match those of Pixar. And this is definitely a movie that local directors of Zodiac: The Race Begins and Legend of the Sea can learn from ?? to keep the story effectively and let your artwork on the go make the most of it. Definitely highly recommended!
