Initially, I would have thought that Secret Sunshine had something critical to say about religion (and here about Christianity), and wondered if it would be something brazen against the evils of blind faith or the manipulative power of those who are supposedly more holy than you . Surprisingly, it was not of the genre and was largely non-judgmental, implementing events as a matter of fact, and allowing the public to draw its own judgment and conclusion. <br /> <br /> And I can't help chuckling in the role of Song Kang-ho, a man who has taken a liking to the widower Shin-ae (Jeong Do-yeon), and starts going to church when it does. The reasons for going to church are many, I suppose, both to find inner peace, to seek help, to fear eternal damnation in the flames of Hell, to reaffirm faith, or even things like wanting to marry in a church, or to pursue chase (no joke). But to each of his reasons for appearing in church every Sunday and participating in prayer groups for brotherhood, what is really dangerous is when the underlying secondary reasons are not satisfied, and that is when the frustration begins. Or when you discover how the hypocritical man can be, portray a face inside the house of God, and show another one outside. <br /> <br /> Shin-ae and his son Jun move to the city of Miryang, which is the birthplace of her late husband. Wanting to start life again, she opens a piano to give lessons, while discovering her new found freedom and in a moment of lack of judgment, another tragedy has happened to her. And this takes an hour to get to. Secret Sunshine really took some time to get to this point, where things start to get slightly more interesting with Shin-ae who is now embracing religion to face and accept his current state, enjoying the confidence of religion and fellow faith, can offer. <br /> <br /> What started as a cry of compassion turns into acceptance and belief that religion offers that silver bullet to solve the ills of all humanity, and sometimes you wonder if it's due of your own short-sighted vision of what the almighty does for you, that he begins to adopt a somewhat selfish opinion that all is well, and in the case of Shin-ae, his magnanimous attitude in wanting to forgive others who had violated against her, forgetting something very fundamental that feeling can cut both ways. <br /> <br /> The last act is probably the most fun of the lot as it says a lot, where most of us can identify with: why me, and why not someone else, while we rage against our faith and he begins to question, unfortunately, without hard and fast answers available. It is then that we fall down the road or continue with rebellious destructive actions. But somehow the plug is carefully captured in Secret Sunshine so as not to offend him, and what could have been a bad spokesman for the character has been turned off. <br /> <br /> If you bite into the hype that this film is generating, then perhaps you will realize that only the excellent portrait of Jeong Doeyon deserves to be mentioned, since he is totally in control of his role as widow Shin- and that he is probably the most unfortunate person on Earth in having to face so many tragedies in a short period of time and if you look at him carefully, most of which are of his own initiative. Looking at his transformation, it's worth the ticket price, and despite having my favorite Korean actor, Song Kang-ho in my film, this is something he has just conquered.
