The most interesting thing about Miryang (Secret Sunshine) is the actors. Jeon Do-yeon, like Lee Shin-ae, the main character, is a woman with a young son whose husband died in a tragic accident and who leaves Seoul to live in Miryang, which was his hometown, with his young son. Jeon's face is very changeable. She is childlike, flirtatious, elegant, aged and sad, desperate and joyful, with it and terribly isolated in turn, and it's all in her face. The film is also played by Song Kang-ho in the role of Kim, a man who meets her when her car breaks down entering Miryang, which happens to run a garage in the city, and which follows her all the time, despite his apparent lack of interest in his attentions. Song is the biggest star in Korea right now, famous for his work with Park Chan-wook and Bong Joon-ho (Sympathy for Mr. Vengeance, Memories of Murder and The Host). Yet here he plays a character thrown away, almost a forgotten man. But of course it makes it interesting and curiously attractive. It is the essential weight to keep Jeon's character floating. <br /> <br /> Lee Shin-ae is a piano teacher. He comes to the new city, which is a neutral place, a sort of Seoul of a poor man, a city "just like elsewhere", as Kim says (just like he is in a sense just like everyone else). Your baby is lively, like kids, but clearly damaged and sometimes withdrawn. His father used to snore and when he missed him he woke up, pretending to snore. He goes to school and Shin-ae meets parents, students and shopkeepers. There is a sense of place in the film, even if the place is in a sense "everywhere". People speak in the local dialect and everyone knows everything, and the origin of Shin-ae in Seoul is immediately noticed. Is life really harder here, far from the big city and its refinement? Shin-ae does not seem to realize the danger he is in. <br /> <br /> Something terrible happens. And Shin-ae doesn't necessarily treat it in the best possible way. But it happens and you have to face the consequences. But she can't. You fall apart. A perpetrator is captured, but it is not a consolation. Eventually she becomes so desperate, she calms down and goes to a reborn Christian meeting that an acquaintance pushed her to participate. She finds peace and releases with this. But when he decides not only to forgive the culprit, but to go to prison to tell him, that experience is full of ironies and destroys it again. It becomes embittered and desperate and no longer finds comfort in religion. And it's worse than that. <br /> <br /> Jeon Do-yeon offers her all this extremely demanding and protean role. Lee Chang-dong could be a great director. If an actor of the stature of Song Kang-ho expresses enormous admiration for him, he is convincing. According to Scott Foundas of LA Weekly, Lee's first three films, Green Fish (1997), Peppermint Candy (2000) and Oasis (2002) called him "one of the leading figures in the recent film revival of his country". But this is not a hit movie like those of other Korean directors whose work I saw, like Yong Sang-Soo, Bong Joon-ho, and the prodigiously perversely gifted, Park Chan-wook. It can actually start as Foundas says as a kind of "Asian Alice no longer lives here" and then "suddenly and without warning" turns into "something of a thriller, and sometime after that almost Bressonian study in human suffering." But this progression does not seem only random and indigestible; the film gives way and loses its momentum towards the end and then simply vanishes, without the sense of an ending. There are also weaknesses in the action. Shin-ae takes crazy opportunities with his son and makes bad choices all the time. If it is destined for madness like Betty in Jean-Jacques Beineix's Betty Blue, which could explain her peculiar and wrong choices, it is not something that is properly developed. This is an interesting film, certainly disturbing, but which leaves doubts and dissatisfactions, after having put an emotional squeezer into crisis. <br /> <br /> An official selection of the New York Film Festival presented at Lincoln Center, In 2007, an event that was taken up by Korean directors in the recent past.
