Corean cinema can be quite surprising for a Western audience, due to the multiplicity of tones and genres you can find in the same film. In a Coreen drama like this "Secret Sunshine", you'll also find some comic parts, thriller scenes and romantic moments. "There is not only tragedy in life, there is also the tragedy-comedy" says at one point in the film the character played by Song Kang-ho, summing up the mixture of the picture. But don't get me wrong, this heterogeneity of genres with which the film faces, adds truth to the experience that this rich film offers to its viewers. This does not mean that you lack unity: on the contrary, it is rare to see such a dense and profound portrait of a woman in pain. <br /> <br /> Shin-ae, who is looking for a quiet life with his son in his dead husband's hometown, really gives, from all the different faces of the suffering he is going through, the unity of this movie. Its realistic part is erased from the psychological descriptions of all the phases that the poor mother is going through. Denial, loss, anger, faith, perversion of reality: the film enchants all the passages that the character goes through and seems a psychological catalog of all the phases of suffering that a woman can experience. <br /> <br /> The only thing is to accept what may seem like a conceptual experience (the woman wears the mask of tragedy, the man represents the comic interludes) and let the tricks of the film touch you. I must say that some parts of the film really moved me (especially at the beginning), particularly those concerning the inability of Chang Joan to really help the one he loves, but also that the accumulation of suffering has tired me emotionally towards the end . However, some cinematographic ideas are truly breathtaking and surprising (the scene in which a body is discovered in a big scene is, for example, surprising). This kind of scene makes "Secret Sunshine" the apple tree equivalent of "The Host" for horror films or "Memories of murder" for thrillers. These films are truly amazing, more original, aesthetically incredible and can give another dimension to the genres they deal with. The only thing that "Secret Sunshine" forgets, like "The guest" has forgotten to scare, it's to make its audience cry: negative point for a melodrama, but good point for a good movie.
