Secret Sunshine marks the return of director Lee Changdong to the world of cinema after a multi-year absence. Already having three critically acclaimed films, he now recruits veteran actor Jeon Doyeon and his considerable talent (winning at Cannes) for the lead role of Lee Shinae. What follows is a journey through a woman's tragedy and an exploration of her coping mechanisms. <br /> <br /> One of the things that becomes evident while watching Secret Sunshine is that it doesn't really care to follow a specific genre, but rather it collects the traits of the genre when necessary to convey what it is trying to convey. The story follows Lee Shinae as he moves with his son to the town of Milyang (whose Sino-Corean translates Secret Sunshine). He moved to Milyang the day after her husband died because it was his hometown, so the film was born out of tragedy. And you think things could only get better as you open a piano and meet a bizarre mechanic Jongchan (played by Song Kangho). But this is not a romantic comedy. <br /> <br /> While we (and Jongchan, obstinately) follow Shinae as she meets Milyang and the fate she has in store for her, the cracks in her armor immediately become apparent. She is a tormented woman who tries to grab her strength to overcome the tragedy and we watch as she discovers that it is not enough. Secret Sunshine still manages to follow a predominantly Aristotelian dramatic arc, but pulls back the catharsis, which could confuse some spectators, especially the ending, but the romantic symbolism present in the name of Milyang, the discussions about the sun and the images used in the film left very satisfied, once I started thinking more about the movie. <br /> <br /> Ms. Jeon is quite impressive in everything, especially considering that if the role were less played, it would soon turn into a rather painful melodrama, but she captures the nuances of Shinae's attempts to face her leaks with a thin layer. Mr. Song has a much smaller role in this film than other films, but he performs adequately, giving Ms. Jeon enough space. Technically, the film is well done in the classical sense. No flashy aesthetic is used here - the director is clearly trying to let the story tell itself. I think my only complaint, and that may not be solvable, is that despite all the time we spend with Shinae, there is a bit of distance between Shinae and the public (or at least me). I think part of this comes from the nature of work, because if total empathy were pushed, we wouldn't be able to see the problems that Shinae objectively has. On the other hand, I never felt moved by Shinae's sad situation, despite her many tears and her increasingly erratic behavior. <br /> <br /> However, the film is still quite impressive, especially because it stimulates me to think about it, the additional meanings present in it and its speculations on the tragedy, coping skills, self-deception, on the isolation and faith impressed me a lot after the credits were over. Driven by a strong lead performance, I honestly didn't notice his runtime of 2.25 hours. And this says something. Very well. 8/10.
