Secret Sunshine (2007) is famous for its awards at the 2007 Cannes Film Festival and other film festivals. Jeon-Do Yeon, who played the newly widowed Shin-a, won the best actress trophy at the 60th Cannes Film Festival. Secret Sunshine was also the winner of the best feature film and Jeon-Do Yeon received the best actress from Asia Pacific Screen Awards. Furthermore, this film has won the best film awards in almost all Korean film festivals. Written and masterfully directed, and uniquely photographed, Secret Sunshine has expressed the hope and salvation that can be found when life is painful due to the continuing tragedy. This film also spoke of God's forgiveness and of people. Lee Chang Dong, director and screenwriter of this film, said in an interview: "In a sense, I wanted to express what love is and this film could be a melodrama in a sense. Without love, we can't talk of hope and salvation. "Lee acknowledged that Secret Sunshine had no apparent gender. This film is not a film about religion, but it has attracted the attention of many Christians in Korea because there were many Christian elements in the film. <br /> <br /> The turning point in Secret Sunshine comes when Jun, Shin's son, is kidnapped and killed. The kidnapper asks for money because he assumes that since he can buy land, he must be rich. His lie causes a lot of pain. <br /> <br /> Shin-ae becomes a church-goer and wants to forgive the killer. He decides to visit his son's killer in prison and forgive him. Jong-chan, Shin-ae's friend, says: "Forgive me in your heart. Do you have to go to prison?" Her churchmates are cheering her and say they will pray for her. His pastor agrees with what he wants to do. This is a sad moment because it is too early for her to take action. The result of the encounter with the murderer is another turning point in Shin-ae's life. The killer says with a peaceful smile that he has already been forgiven by God. This kindles anger in her towards God. She says, "How could you forgive the man before I forgive?" <br /> <br /> Start fighting against God. Look up at the sky and proclaim: "I will not lose for you". It becomes a trap, its heart is a trap and its hands are chains. It is more bitter than death. She becomes more mad and mad and is sent to a psychiatric hospital. The day Shin-ae is discharged from the hospital, she goes to a beauty salon and sees a familiar face. Her son's killer daughter works in the shop and cuts her hair. The murderer's daughter helped kidnap Shin-ae's son. While cutting Shin-ae's hair, the protagonist cannot understand what is happening and quickly leaves the shop. <br /> <br /> It's hard not to talk about Jong-chan in the film. Jong-chan does his best to be on Shin-ae's side. Although Shin-ae doesn't care about him at all, he is always next to her. Shin-ae leaves the church quickly, but Jong-chan, who started attending church because of Shin-ae, stays there because he feels peace with God. Lee Chang-dong, the director of Secret Sunshine, says that Jong- chan is like Milyang (secret sun), the rural city or vice versa. He seems "to be too secular and frivolous, but he is always a stone's throw from her and takes care of her, Milyang is like him". Mr. Lee adds: "Someone joked that Jong-chan could be an angel, I think it could be the angel." Who knows? We cannot say with certainty that there is no angel ". If there is a person like Jong-chan who accompanies his lover's twists forever, we can defend ourselves against the oppressive. Shin-ae's life is full her husband died after betraying her, and her only son was cruelly killed by a murderer after she moved to her husband's hometown, and her soul was damaged because she learned Christianity in the wrong way? "And this drives her mad, literally. Is it too easy to say that her life is full of senselessness? Does she still have hope in her life? Can she find meaning in her life? The final scene gives us hope. Shin-ae tries cut your own hair: we walk the path of our lives alone, but she realizes that it's hard to do it alone, and we know we can't do it all by ourselves, we see Jong-chan holding the mirror for her while cutting your hair This is his hope. He has Jong-chan beside him and he is willing to help her in any situation. As I said before, Jong-chan is like an angel to her. If we feel that an angel is always near and behind us, we can find joy in life even if we face adversity in our lives. <br /> <br /> Secret Sunshine has been a hot conversation topic in Korea. It's like the Da Vinci Code. While the Da Vinci Code helps us discuss the history of the first church, Secret Sunshine pushes us to face the mess of life and find meaning when life seems unbearable. With a superficial interpretation of the film, people misunderstand Christianity and its theology. With a deeper interpretation, this film will help us see below the surface. Some people say they stopped attending church worship service after seeing Secret Sunshine, and Lee Chang-dong replies by saying: "They were already anti-Christ before watching this movie. Secret Sunshine is a life story of a woman and we can interpret our life through the life of Shin-ae.
