Lee Chang-dong's exceptional "Secret Sunshine" is the only emotionally devastating experience of the year. It is a piece of immediately sober character, brutally honest about the reverberations of loss and a graceful memento mori that resonates with an imposing density of thought, but remains inscrutable as the emotions it observes. Through his layered naturalism and the incredibly cutting vision of small town dynamics, Lee implicitly deconstructs the traditional Korean melodrama by dismantling the films of excesses and tearing to shreds of the bows that shape his characters and founds the events in a crushing plot of stoic . <br /> <br /> "Secret Sunshine" remains an extremely compelling and fluid work during its runtime of 142 minutes. His first hour of skill is full to the brim of subtextual insinuations, remarkable anticipations and skillful inversions of tone determined by the humanistic capriciousness. Based on a short story, Lee infuses the film with his sensitivity for the sublime paradoxes of life, seen for the last time in his transgressive and irreverent "Oasis". By understanding how personal revolutions are forged when the views of our universe have changed, Lee not only sees the emotional cataclysm of a widow's sadness through an inquiring purpose but also feels the tumultuous existential currents that sustain the film when religion becomes a scapegoat narrative in understanding the odiousness of the human experience. <br /> <br /> Do-yeon Jeon's best actress ("You Are My Sunshine") at Cannes in 2007 is well deserved. His interpretation of widow Shin-ae remains an inexorable enigma. As a character separated from forces beyond its control, the sheer magnificence of this performance is fundamental to the turbulent nature of the film. With Jeon causing one cyclonic upheaval after another, there is a tremendous sense of collapse that the film, to its credit, never comes close. Instead it finds a delicate balance that cancels the loaded theatricality and the subsequent banality from ordinary tragedies and from its effects. Become the center of the film's universe as well as ours. Shot in the glorious CinemaScope by hand, the film demolishes the kinematicism of frames and compositions, becoming visually sharp as it is quietly heartbreaking when the camera never gives up its Shin-a look through moments of happiness, guilt and remorse. > <br /> Does Lee capture the details of life in the small and suspicious city of Miryang ?? the embarrassment of common situations, his uncomfortable silences and his devastations arising from personal dramas. Shin-a's interactions with citizens rarely inspire dividends, especially when they are simply made for the obligation to adapt for the sake of his son, Jun (Seon Jung-yeop). The only recurring acquaintance is Jong-chan (Song Kang-ho), a bachelor mechanic with uncertain intentions who helps her on her way to Miryang in the enchanting open sequence of the film set in a captivating flow of sunlight. The song has positioned itself as a comic anti-hero in South Korea's most important films, but its nuance, low-key delivery here supports the director's thought process of never having to reveal more than necessary. <br /> <br /> If the pain is ephemeral, then the pain can never really dissipate. And Lee finds complexity in subsistence. When Shin-ae tries to walk the path of reconciliation only to be confronted again with an unimaginable heartbreak, he unsuccessfully employs the brotherhood of evangelical Christianity as a counterpart to his pain. But Lee knows better than this when he understands that religion, in the context of the human fabric of conflict and misery, is never a simple solution. But Lee never blames the essence of religion while realizing the value of salvation for some through a higher power, even if a form of denial is needed in others. The scenes in his second half that deal with religion do not allow themselves to become aggressively contemptuous, which is a feat in itself considering how many directors let the momentum of the material take over what they need to say to be faithful to the its history and characters. <br /> <br /> Lee's first film after his appointment as Minister of Culture and Tourism of his country is a dissertation without compromise on human suffering. In such a naive and genuine film, he ardently reveals that there is nothing simpler than the emotional catharsis, only the suppression and killing of agony. "Secret Sunshine" leaves us with tender compassion pulled out of the evanescence and points to a deep understanding of despair and faith.
