I had no intention of writing this review, but having read the default review that appears on the URL for this film, I felt compelled to write a rebuttal. The film in one word is superb. It does not deserve the defamatory review written by the writer. I think the writer has completely lost the point of the film to a large extent. In fact, I too was turned off by the excessive spectacle of evangelist devotions that largely occupied the central part of the film. However, I have to beg to disagree with the review because, in the end, this film is not a piece of propaganda for evangelist action. I think what the director has shown both how religion is not enough to find all the answers, how religion is largely unable to provide answers to simple and basic questions that can be asked and all that religion has to offer banal banalities of one kind or another at times. This does not demonstrate a value judgment on religion as we must remember that religion is transmuted and expressed by ordinary people, mostly well-intentioned, basically good and usually do not have a monopoly on truth and therefore religion cannot ultimately provide the final answers to some questions in life. Ultimately, it is a question of faith. You have to take it on faith and that's it. And if you are given to the faith, then you can appreciate any demonstration of faith. And if you are not given to faith, any show of faith is boring. At the same time, it is instructive to note the reviewer's reaction to the film. In any case, the director shows us that we can choose not to accept the religious interpretation of the events and the answers to the questions and despite the fact that life continues and there is a "secret sun" in this world that awaits all wounded souls, independently gives their religious orientation. And this is just the main message of the movie! Please note the last scene of the movie, if you don't get this! In the end, the film is fantastic and stimulates a lot and puts you in front - the viewer with questions that you have to answer for yourself. So it's a work of art that challenges you personally. I agree with the review because, the Evangelical stuff was a little too much. However, given the aforementioned interpretation of religion, as shown in the film, do I think the director was trying to balance the act with which he might not be called an Evangelist? basher! The actor Kang-ho Song was great as always. It's so balanced and perfect that it's just great. He is my favorite Korean actor without a doubt. I know that actress Do-yeon Jeon received the award at Cannes as best actress for this film. However, I did not find any specialty in his acting. It seems that to get rewards you just have to act really convincingly in crying and hysterical scenes and everything ?? All in all a great movie. If you don't like it ?? please look again and see if you have it! If he leaves you unsatisfied or uncomfortable or you ask questions then think, if it wasn't what the director was actually aiming for in this film in the first place!
