Paul Verhoeven has one of the strangest works of every great director: he started making art-house films in his homeland, in Holland, before moving to Hollywood, where he started creating subversive genre pieces that are often seen as simple entertainment by the crowd. The Fourth Man from 1983 was the last film he made before moving to the United States and it seems to have been a transitional film for him. <br /> <br /> From the beginning of The Fourth Man it is clear that the film will be seen from the point of view of the famous author, albeit poor, Gerard. In an apparent tribute to Carol Reed's 1949 film called The Third Man, the film begins with an author who travels to talk to a crowd of literature enthusiasts. The similarities end here, however, since Gerard does not encounter major complications before arriving in the auditorium and the speech itself proceeds quite smoothly. Despite the relative ease with which it completes this function, we know that the author is a bit upset because he has realistic fantasies about the murder of his roommate before leaving his house and also has a surreal fantasy that involves a hotel that sees advertised and a detached eyeball grow from the peephole of a door. That he sometimes has trouble keeping his fantasies separate from reality is made even clearer when an anecdote he says is exposed as false and admits to "lying {s} the truth until {he} no longer knows if something has done or not it happens. "<br /> <br /> The fourth man is full of surreal fantasies and dreams that are made even more disturbing because it is very easy to see how they relate to the events we have seen happen and why they sometimes prefigure events that they do not have It has occurred again. Between the effectiveness of the unreal sequences and the careful editing style of Verhoeven, this ends up being the most suggestive film on this side of Do not Look Now and like that film this is full of ambiguity. Unlike that movie, The Fourth Man is also perversely funny how Gerard's deeply rooted Catholic beliefs filter into every aspect of his life, including sexuality. Naturally he associates a female hair stylist that he knows intimately with the biblical delilah even if he fears to remove an even more important symbol of masculinity with his scissors. In a sequence of erotic fantasy that would make Luis Buñuel blush, he replaces a man he is drawn to for a life-size statue of Christ on the cross. <br /> <br /> The Fourth Man is a horror film that manages to bring the viewer into the mind of the protagonist while maintaining a certain ambiguity: it certainly seems that Gerard is in danger, but it could only be more than his "lying to the truth" ". The film is also full of subtle and not so subtle visual symbolism that contributes to making it a unique and satisfying cinematic experience.
