See DE VIERDE MAN (aka THE FOURTH MAN) is a slightly disturbing and rather fascinating experience. It is a very intense and intense psychological thriller / mystery by the French Paul Verhoeven. He directed this film shortly before he grew up with his "free-to-Hollywood" movie FLESH + BLOOD. In many comments from users on this site I noticed the mention of Alfred Hitchcock. In fact, this film could very well be Hitchcockian, but I also noticed the first Cronenberg (visceral), the flavors of David Lynch (surreal plot-related visions) and even Roman Polanski (plot-essay setting). The funny thing is that the films of those directors I was thinking about when I watched DE VIERDE MAN weren't made until 1983, when THE FOURTH MAN was released. So go figure it out. <br /> <br /> Much credit must be given to the story of Gerard Reve's original novel on which this film is based. Gerard Reve is also the fictitious name of the main character (a tormented writer, played by Jeroen Krabbé, poised on the dangerous line of a serious psychosis). Now, has anyone stopped and thought about the fact that the word "rêve" is French for "dream"? And the film has many dream / nightmare sequences, often to such an extent that we don't always know for sure if Gerard is awake or dreaming. Could it be a coincidence ...? Maybe it's just me, but I don't think so. Renée Soutendijk is rather surprising as a protagonist (in a rather challenging role). Sometimes he seems to be guilty of over-acting (subtly). But that aspect was clearly intentional to represent the character he plays, since as this film progresses, you're not sure what to really think about this lady and her intentions. Prove you're an excellent actress. I could add that the film also contains several scenes depicting full frontal male and female nudity, as well as rather explicit sex scenes (and you will also notice that some scenes and aspects are clearly the projects of the subsequent scenes to be shot for Verhoeven BASIC INSTINCT) . Another aspect of this film is a lot of symbolism and biblical references / images, which presumably made the film completely hated by some conservative / Catholic movements at the time of its release in Europe. However, it makes the film worthy of a second viewing. Now, someone recently told me that he had serious doubts about DE VIERDE MAN. One of these is that the film is presumably positioned in a position in which it needs the divine intervention of the Virgin Mary to resolve itself. I myself have great problems with the way in which Catholicism has been, and sometimes is still, portrayed in many films of any genre (so not only when it comes to horror films with a religious theme). But surprisingly, I had no doubts about the FOURTH MAN. Although the appearance of Virgin Mary in the plot made me scratch my head at some point, I also enjoyed it, in a sense. I think the key word about why it didn't bother me at all is "duality". Because, this film works on two levels. Even if "the divine intervention" could have resolved the plot from the point of view of the protagonist ... on the other hand: the film implies that all this could have been the delusional talk of a crazy madman. And this is the fun part: you never know for sure. And then there's the question: could it be that Gerard Reve was somehow getting distorted visions of things to come ... how to get omens? At one point in the film, Gerard even tries to trick Christine into believing he is a clairvoyant. The way he plays Christine in that particular scene is exquisite to see. <br /> <br /> So, with its compelling story, convincing acting performances and proper direction, DE VIERDE MAN is really a highly recommended vision (especially if you enjoy a solid European psychological horror film). But make sure you see the original Dutch version (not the dubbed one).
