I don't know if I would consider it a masterpiece of no, but it's damn close; it is extremely well done, artistic, full of suspense, complicated, thematically demanding and full of gloomy prefigurations and sexual-religious images. There are also some fantastic photographic works by Jan de Bont, a Loek Dikker soundtrack and an extraordinary performance by Jeroen Krabbé and Renée Soutendijk, the latter offering one of the most subtle and "subtle fatal" performances I've ever seen. Like many other European films, this film has a shameless and non-judgmental attitude towards sex, nudity and the complexities of sexuality and has no reservations about how to mix everything with religious and / or surreal images (some would say blasphemous). In other words, if you can't bear the thought of seeing a homosexual driven by concupiscence who imagines the object of his carnal desire as Jesus crucified on the cross before the two of them go inside a crypt in the cemetery, then this it may not be the movie for you. What surprised me the most is how this bizarre film managed to completely avoid being a pretentious disaster. He mixes the abstract / surreal / parallel fantasy scenes and somehow makes everything work. Like any good mystery, you can see the pieces that slowly fall into place as the movie progresses. There is NOT an out-of-left-field resolution here. The film has a direction, there is no useless filler and once it is finished, you begin to understand the purpose of what might have confused you before. If you like the work of Ken Russell and David Lynch, I can almost guarantee that you will love this movie. Hell, if you have no idea who they are, you might like it too. <br /> <br /> I don't want to ruin the plot by becoming too detailed, but the opening film - through a network like a spider takes its prey - prepares the stage as Krabbé, the bisexual and untreated writer Gerard Reve (interesting , also the name of the writer whose novel is based on) cross paths with a rich, mysterious and sexy woman named Christine (Soutendijk, who combines the androgynous style with an innocence / sweetness similar to Simone Simon that is rather unnerving, which could be a literally "black widow" responsible for the death of her three previous husbands. The two become lovers and move with one another, but we are led to believe (through Christine's bizarre behavior and the frequent appearances of a "Another woman - played by Geert de Jong - who may or may not really exist) something terrible is boiling beneath the surface. When another of Christine's lovers, the young and" handsome "Herman ( Thom Hoffman), shows up at home, things take an unexpected turn. And that's all you need to know. <br /> <br /> THE 4TH MAN was a huge art-house success in much of the world, but did not arrive in the United States until 1984, where it was awarded Best Los Angeles Foreign Film of the Year Film Critics Association. The most common video is the press release, which has been horribly nicknamed. Try to avoid it and go directly to the new version of the Anchor Bay DVD subtitled. Since he arrived in America, Verhoeven's career has had its ups and downs. He made some decent films (Flesh & Blood, RoboCop) and some bad ones (Showgirls). Indeed, Verhoeven's great success Basic Instinct is almost like a less interesting version of The Fourth Man's minor league. Soutendjik also tried acting in America and since GRAVE SECRETS (1989) and EVE OF DESTRUCTION (1991) were the best deals he was getting, he returned home to Holland.
