The morbid Catholic writer Gerard Reve (Jeroen Krabbé) homosexual, alcoholic and with frequent visions of death is invited to lecture at the literature club of Vlissingen. While in the Amsterdam railway station, he feels an attraction that does not correspond to a handsome man who embarks on another train. Gerard is presented to the club's treasurer and beautician Christine Halsslag (Renée Soutendijk), who is a wealthy widow who owns the Sphinx beauty shop, and they have a night. The next morning Gerard sees the image of Christine Herman's boyfriend (Thom Hoffman) and recognizes him as the man he saw in the train station. He suggests taking Herman to his home to spend a couple of days together, but with the secret intention of seducing the man. Christine travels to Cologne to bring her boyfriend and Gerard remains alone in his home. He drinks whiskey and saves it in safety, finding three films with names of men; decides to watch the videos and find out that Christine has married the three boys and that everyone died in tragic accidents. Later Gerard believes that Christine is a witch and wonders if Herman or he will be his fourth condemned husband. <br /> <br /> The ambiguous "The Vierde Man" is another magnificent feature of Paul Verhoeven in his Dutch phase. The plot is supported by an excellent script that uses Catholic symbols to build the tension associated with intelligent dialogues; magnificent spectacle of Jeroen Krabbé in the role of a disturbed alcoholic writer; and splendid cinematography. The inconclusive resolution is open to interpretation as in many European films that explore the common sense and intelligence of viewers. There are mediocre directors who use the nakedness of men to promote their films; however, Paul Verhoeven uses the nakedness of Gerard Reve as part of the plot and never aggressive or in search of sensationalism. Last but not least; the androgynous beauty of the sexy Renée Soutendijk fits perfectly with her role as a woman who attracts a gay writer. My vote is eight. <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): "O 4o Homem" ("The 4th Man")
