Paul Verhoeven's precursor to his first hit "Basic Instinct" is an elegant and shocking neo-noir thriller. Verhoeven became famous for making trashy films somehow dreary, both in his native Holland and in America and this film is one of the reasons why. The Fourth Man follows the strange story of Gerard Reve (played by Jeroen Krabbé); a gay, alcoholic and a bit crazy writer who goes to Vlissingen to give a talk about the stories he writes. While there, he meets the seductive Christine Halsslag (Renée Soutendijk) who returns him to his home where he discovers a beautiful image of one of his lovers and proclaims that he will meet him, even if he kills him. <br /> <br /> Paul Verhoeven turns the truth upside down many times in this film, and this ensures that you never know exactly where you are. Many of the occurrences in The Fourth Man could be what they seem to be, but they could easily be interpreted as something completely different and this keeps the audience on the edge of their posts for the duration, and it also makes the film work as this narrative is on which thrives. Paul Verhoeven is not a filmmaker who feels he has to restrain himself, and this is one of the things I like best about him. This film presents a very shocking scene that made me feel sick for hours (and this doesn't happen very often!). I don't want to ruin it because it needs the element of surprise to work ... but you'll see what I mean when you see the movie (make sure you have the full version!). There is also a series of other macabre scenes that are less shocking than those I mentioned, but they are still beautiful; one man is eaten by lions, another has a pipe sent through his skull, a boat is broken in half ... adorable. <br /> <br /> The acting in The Fourth Man is nothing to tell, but it is solid everywhere. Jeroen Krabbé attracts the attention of the public and looks at the part as the drunken writer. It is Renée Soutendijk who is most impressive, however, as the femme fatale at the center of the story. His performance is what Sharon Stone would have imitated nine years later with Basic Instinct, but the fatal original did better. Paul Verhoeven's direction is solid as he directs our attention through numerous points of view, which contribute to creating the mystery of history. Verhoeven continued to make some crap, but obviously he has talent and it's a shame he doesn't use it better. Of all the Verhoeven films I've seen, this is the best and although it might be hard to find; trust me, it's worth it.
