A film that can make you shed tears of sadness and tears of joy would be considered a nice step in the career of a common director. The fact is that Steven Spielberg, probably our greatest storyteller, has done so in various film formats for years. THE COLOR PURPLE, at the time, was considered risky, especially after action classics like JAWS and RAIDERS OF THE LOST ARK. In hindsight, this film should not have been surprising, because Spielberg had made us cry tears of joy and sadness in E.T. Critics call COLOR PURPLE its entry into the intellectual kitchen. It is rather an entrance. No special effects, no bravado, just a brilliant story based on a classic of Alice Walker literature. A surprise is how Spielberg could present such a moving film about African Americans in the deep south. Slavery has disappeared, but in the south depicted here it seems that blacks use other blacks as slaves. <br /> <br /> Spielberg is always sorry for renting his photos or adding an element of childishness to please the public. This is really the first of the neglected films of his career that you cannot make these observations. It's the first in a series of films that people don't see or don't see because there are no aliens. THE EMPIRE OF THE SUN, ALWAYS, THE LIST OF SCHINDLER, etc. His exceptional talent is evident with this specific image because A) mainly uses inexperienced actors, for the first time, B) tackles a topic that the most heard was not adaptable to the screen, and C) is pure drama without strings drawn where the characters they grow and change over the course of about 30 years. It is almost epic in appearance and scope and the fact that he did not get a single 11-nominated Oscar is a disguise and an insult. <br /> <br /> Whoopi Goldberg is as fabulous as the tortured Celie, an unattractive woman given by her incestuous father to a violent Danny Glover, whom he knows only as "Mister". The film follows a path of occasional beatings and mental tortures that he crosses while he is with "Mister". The PG-13 rated movie is quite open to the sexual issues raised by Walker's novel. This is not "The Burning Bed" in Georgia by any means. There is no obvious revenge taken as one might expect. It happens with grace. Goldberg perfectly interprets a human being, someone who needs love and someone who deserves it. The most touching and heartbreaking moment of the film comes when Goldberg and his sister, Nettie (played by Akosua Busia) are separated, perhaps forever. (Perhaps foreshadowing the separation of the Holocaust between child and parent?) You might need to check an impulse if you don't keep up with this sequence. <br /> <br /> The purple color indicates the beauty of the fields and flowers that surround these poor people. There is really something to live for, but love triumphs over everything. Spielberg basils take note: the boy can make an unforgettable classic without cute aliens. <br /> <br /> RATING: 10 out of 10
