This western series, which has a bad name, won an Emmy for best broadcasting program and is certainly an interesting series. It was produced by Republic, the studio that made the action better than anyone else, and gave us the best. Each episode was built around a true historical figure of the old west. A railway detective named Matt Clark, similar to the next Elliot Ness with the gangsters of the 20s and 30s, managed to get involved with almost all the notorious Western outlaws between the mid-1800s and the First World War. The best asset of the series was Jim Davis. Tall, sturdy, good-looking, in excellent shape, with an authentic western accent, and great driving skills that made him absolutely convincing in the action scenes, Davis was the western hero in every inch. He has collaborated with two adorable and active co-stars, Mary Castle as "Frankie" during the first season, and Kristine Miller as "Jonesy" during the second. Everyone worked well with Davis. <br /> <br /> What separated this show from its contemporaries and much of what came after it was the professionalism invested in the action scenes. William Witney, director of Ace action, has directed 30 episodes. Franklin Adreon the rest. Both filmed the action with enamel. The Republic's vast inventory of periodicals and B's stock footage was used to make room. The level of the individual episodes increased or decreased with the quality of the guest stars introduced into the game by the outlaws. Among the best were Marie Windsor as Belle Starr, Lee Van Cleef as Jesse James, Fess Parker as Grat Dalton, Jean Parker as Cattle Kate and Joe Sawyer and Slim Pickins as Butch Cassady and "The Smilin 'Kid". The cream of westerns and comers, Pickins, Parker, Denver Pyle, James Best and Richard Jaeckel, have honed their craft. Veterans with decades of experience behind them, Harry Woods, Glenn Strange, Kenneth MacDonald, Earle Hodgkins, Steve Darrell and Chief Yowlachie, provided the old-fashioned feel of vintage westerns. <br /> <br /> The weakness of the concept was that there are only so many famous Western outlaws. With the second season the famous figures were becoming a dark mite for everyone from the most passionate of history. Nevertheless, some of the later shows were a challenge for everyone, due to the guest stars. Henry Brandon played the serial Nate Champion, and former Republic star Don Barry was as exceptional as the small outlaw Milt Sharp. <br /> <br /> Western fans or history buffs will want to see it.
