ROUEN PRIZES AND TRIUMPH OF "VILLA PARANOIA" The favorite movie of the general public, actually more important than the jury prize, was the bittersweet dramatic comedy by Erik Clausen, "Villa Paranoia", which was also selected by the European jury for young people indicative of his fascination with film buffs of all ages. The following day, actor-director Clausen traveled to the remote city of MAMERS, Pays de Loire, for a provincial festival of new European cinema, where "Villa Paranoia" received three other awards: Best film, professional jury; Best film, audience award; and Best film by another youth jury composed of "lycéens", French high school students. Five awards in a single weekend - not a bad scoop for a film from a small town with unknown actors. In addition, "Villa" received the Grand Prize, the MAVERICK SPIRIT AWARD, in San Jose, California, just a week ago, from the well-known British actor Sir Ben Kingsley ("Ghandi"), obtaining a total of six prizes in a week . If Lars van Trier has included Denmark in the extravagant Dogma Cinematic map in recent years, there is now a good chance that Veteran Maverick Erik Clausen (62) and his skillful crew of actors will soon show the world that Denmark has more to offer than dogmatics drivel, that is to say, a mass audience welcome to adults and children. Furthermore, the female protagonist of her film, Sonja Richter, has such a magical cinematic presence that, with a little more visibility, she has a good chance of becoming the next international Scandinavian Diva. For the record, "Villa Paranoia" is a fiction film, written, directed and performed by Clausen, and uses some motifs from "The invalid imagination" by Molière. Anna (Richter), an ambitious young actress, has lost a very coveted role in Molière's work and, reduced to making a stupid chicken TV commercial, is about to commit suicide. However, Jorgen (Clausen), who runs a huge chicken farm that sponsors the place, offers her a room and board job to take care of Walentin, his irascible, senile, wheelchair-bound father who has not said a word to when his wife Stella committed suicide years earlier. Anna is the only one who eventually finds a way to communicate with the old silent and hostile grumbler - and furthermore discovers that she has falsified deafness and immobility for all these years - an "Imaginant of Malaysia". This will lead her to play the most important role of her own life to discover the dark secret that led to Walentin's total withdrawal from life and reality. Villa "Paradise-Paranoia", faithful to the Molière tradition from which it is partially derived, is a moving, multilayered, serial-comic drama that literally has something for everyone and needs only adequate positioning to reach the kind of general the ray international action that it fully deserves. Alex Deleon, Paris / March 21, 2005
