Passionate, dramatic, as compelling as Flamenco itself, the film is simply fantastic. It is set in the immortal music of Bizet. The original music is written and performed by one of the greatest classical guitarists, the main supporter of the modern flamenco style, Paco de Lucia, who plays a musician of the same name. The legendary flamenco dancer and choreographer Antonio Gades wrote the script and choreographed this fabulous version of the famous novel / opera Georges Bizet / Prosper Mérimée. He plays the main character Antonio, the famous dancer / choreographer who works to tell the story of Carmen in flamenco style that combines dances with rhythmic singing and clapping and has a very dynamic level that attracts the spectators enormously. /> <br /> Brilliant and graceful Cristina Hoyos, whose technical excellence is combined with the elegant mastery of her dancing dances in the supporting role. Hoyos was the first dancer of the company of Gades for twenty years (1968-1988) and was the protagonist of three films that Carlos Saura made in the three great shows of Gades: "Bodas de Sangre" (1978), "Carmen "(1983) and" El Amor Brujo "(1985). The splendid Laura del Sol is a young dancer named Carmen in which Antony sees from the first glance another Carmen, who was immortalized by two French, the writer Prosper Mérimée in his most famous novel written in 1846 which had inspired the famous Opera -Comique of George Bizet. version from 1875. <br /> <br /> As in the opera and novella, Carmen in the Saura film is desirable and deadly, the definitive femme fatale that must be free above all else. He could not tolerate the possessive love of any man and would prefer death to submission. There are about 50 film adaptations of history and opera on the screen, and however different they may be, they all share the only tragic end possible. Saura / Gades' film is as unique as the most sensual of all and truly Spanish. I fell in love with the first time I saw it over twenty years ago and it is as special and beautiful today as it was then. Highly recommended.
