Undoubtedly one of John Ford's great masterpieces, the young Mr. Lincoln went practically unnoticed at the time of his initial release, no wonder why the year was 1939 when many of the greatest films in the entire history of cinema were been published, including the most mythical Westerns in the history of the genre, the milestone of John Ford Stagecoach and many others, such as Gone with the Wind, Mr. Smith goes to Washington, which won the Oscar in the the only category for which Young Mr. Lincoln was named, which is the original screenplay. <br /> <br /> It continued to be the most underrated film of Ford for many years to be destined to gradually fade into the shadow of John Ford's other masterpieces, but in the late 1950s the critics and American film historians and Europeans took a note of a note written by the legendary Russian director Sergei Eisenstein about the young Mr. Lincoln where he praised him and acknowledged that if only he had the opportunity to direct any American film ever made until then, he would definitely be John Ford's Young Mr. Lincoln. Impressed by such an undoubted preference on the part of Eisenstein, the critics have started to revise the film, but only with slightly different eyes and the reputation of the film has grown since then. <br /> <br /> It was not long before the life of one of the most legendary American presidents was brought to the screen. In the early 1930s Griffith did so in his Abraham Lincoln and in the same year as Ford's film, MGM published John Cromwell's called Abe Lincoln in Illinois. Curiously, both were based on a highly successful Broadway Stage Play published in 1938 and written by Robert Sherwood. <br /> <br /> As for John Ford's films, we can easily find many references to life and actions and even the death of the mythical figure of Lincoln in many of the director's works, such as 1924 The Iron Horse or 1936 The Prisoner of Shark Island, the second, just like Young Mr. Lincoln, uses Lincoln's favorite song - Dixie as the main musical theme. <br /> <br /> The screenplay based on an already mentioned stadium and the biographies of Lincoln was written by Lamar Trotti in collaboration with John Ford himself, which is quite rare for Ford, but the final result was simply superb - a script that combines elements of the game with different historical facts, as well as myths and legends about the beginning of the practice of life and the law of Abraham Lincoln culminates in an exhilarating but above all heartbreaking scene, which is the highest point of the film and the main generator of laughter and tears, in which Lincoln defends the two young brothers accused of murder and must devis a way to help his mother even when she is brought before the court as a witness and where the lawyer (played by Donald Meek) asks her to indicate which of his children he committed the murder, obviously forcing her to make an impossible choice to sentence one to death and let the other live. <br /> <br /> Overall it is a very moving, moving and even funny film with a simply magnificent performance by Henry Fonda in his supreme characterization of Abraham Lincoln and overwhelming the richness of other characters, no matter how little or how much they are embodied by the wonderful and clever script and led by the skill of John Ford's genius in one of his best deliveries ever. A definite must see for everyone. 10/10
