My intuition as a director can bring material that needs the right push in the right directions. The young Mr. Lincoln is full of some "antiquated" values, which in retrospect, despite his two-dimensional portrait, is made at least in a more respectable way than what one might see in his father in today's cinema. What makes it work as well as it is, in all its simplicity and grandeur, is that it is a really big court drama in the guise of a history lesson. <br /> <br /> We all know of Abraham Lincoln as the sixteenth president who emancipated and was assassinated after the civil war. But as the lawyer in his early years he was charismatic, funny in the most unexpected places and a true gentleman. He is not a superhero who cannot make mistakes (which was the only apprehension of Fonda for the part before signing), but a figure with possible defects that are overcome by his innate goodness and clear vision of good and evil. <br /> <br /> Suffice it to say that John Ford is exceptional as a storyteller almost without trying. In reality, it is a lie, it tries, but makes it effortless in the study system; he worked independently and at the same time he also liked Zanuck, so he remained practically alone in his succinct "closed-door editing" practices, without moving it so as not to hesitate away from history. It is this force of conventional wisdom that somehow works hand in hand with the material, as a sort of companion for the whole-blooded American in 1939, as seen in Mr. Smith Va in Washington (only here is the law and not politics). <br /> <br /> Fonda is exceptional at the helm - his first with Ford - and he never lets us lose sight of Lincoln beyond the make-up and extra push in his shoes. Fonda's personality, in a sense, as in Grapes of Wrath and My Darling Clementine, emerges in the character of Lincoln. As unlikely as it may be, there is no one else from that period who could have interpreted it at that time: he is mature and wise, but he has the courage to prove himself in this case of a complicated murder he saw but committed a murder case. <br /> <br /> Only in small pieces and fragments, like that final shot that superimposes Lincoln walking down the street with his monument, and a couple of small instances during that big parade scene, at the beginning, it seems rather dated. As for the goals set with the young Mr. Lincoln, they were all met by Ford, his crew and his cast; it is not as sharp as one might think of entering, and has a strong balance of humor and genuine pathos.
