In his otherwise excellent book, Lincoln in American Memory, the historian Merrill Peterson calls the young Mr. Lincoln a "boring, terrible" film. This incredibly wrong analysis simply shows that great historians are rarely movie critics. I'm working on a doctoral thesis on Abraham Lincoln and Frederick Douglass. As part of my preparation for the thesis, I made a careful analysis of this film and a brilliant interpretation of Tag Gallaghers in his Ford book. The young Mr. Lincoln comes out the culminating year of Ford's first filmmaker, in 1939. In that greatest of the Hollywood years, Ford directed three superb films, still little appreciated: Drums Along the Mohawk, Stagecoach and Young Mr. Lincoln. It might seem strange to say that Stagecoach is not fully appreciated, everyone, except the most polite of critics, must perceive that it is one of the greatest westerns and maybe even one of the hundred greatest films of all time. However, what is NOT fully appreciated is that these three films work together as a kind of trilogy, a triptych, in fact. Ford is creating a sort of mythical history of America on the screen. Drums Along the Mohawk is the revolutionary war. Young Mr. Lincoln is pre-Civil War America. Finally, Stagecoach is Post Civil War America. What the three films have in common is that they are a prolonged meditation on the American Adam and his "mission in the desert". What are the psychic and social costs of American manifest destiny, while America strives to build a new human city in the desert? Lincoln symbolizes the journey to America, while seeking to reconcile the impulse of civilization (law) with the freedom of wild nature. Mr. Lincoln is not history, (he is full of historical "screamers" - as Ford and Trotti knew well), but myth: this is Lincoln, the symbol of justice and mercy, Lincoln, the man of wild nature, who fights to establish a civilization in itself and become the "extraordinary legislator" of young America. The young Mr. Lincoln is not a story like James Agee's long-forgotten teleplay on Lincoln, and like the biography of Sandburg, it's an epic poem ... a very beautiful epic.
