This is a funny "story" of the FBI, but it should be seen as a fiction, because it is exactly what it is. What else could it be when J. Edgar Hoover personally approved and had a cameo role in the production. James Stewart is excellent, as usual, and the supporting cast, except for the naive Vera Miles, is good. Murray Hamilton is particularly good at Stewart's support role as a partner and best friend. The results of the FBI that the film highlights are undoubtedly all true. What is significant is what it leaves out. <br /> <br /> One of the most shameful parts of the film is the representation of the murder of John Dillinger. He is portrayed more or less as has happened, but no mention is made of Melvin Purvis, the Chicago office manager who led the operation. Instead, the operation is represented as if the imaginary Chip Hardesty were performing it. It has been said that Hoover was jealous of the publicity that Purvis received after Dillinger's death; Purvis was later transferred to a remote outpost and soon left the FBI. This is undoubtedly the reason why Purvis was never mentioned in the film. But this viewer, at least, stopped to think that if Purvis was treated in this way, what about all the agents who conducted all the other operations represented in the film. They were also completely ignored and replaced by the fictitious Hardesty. <br /> <br /> The film is probably accurate in its portrayal of the FBI's activities until the end of World War II. However, after that point, the film would have us believe that the only threat the United States is facing comes from international communism, which is undoubtedly what Hoover believed. Don't worry about the mafia. Never mind the lynchings that were still happening in the South. It doesn't matter that the blacks were intimidated to prevent them from voting in much of the south. I don't know if the FBI had begun to intercept Martin Luther King at the time this film was made, but otherwise, it wasn't long after it started. <br /> <br /> As I said from the beginning, this is pretty good entertainment, but it should be considered as the fetishized fiction that it is.
