The drug years actually suffer from one of those aspects of the mini series or other types of television documentaries that are repeated over and over again for a couple of weeks on TV. In reality it is not long enough, in a sense. All the main bases of the decades are covered and are all interesting to note as points of view in postmodern history and from different parts. But it almost doesn't cover enough, or at least what is covered is sometimes given once more when it might deserve more time. For example, the information and details of the third party on the whole process and on the business of shipping large quantities of drugs (partly marijuana, then cocaine) are really well presented, but there are more details that are kept up to date than the time to cover. <br /> <br /> Overall, however, the documentary sheds light on how drugs, pop culture, government intervention, the upper classes and the lower classes and in the suburbs, felt the surge of various drugs in the course years, and the interaction between everyone was very evident. No one in the film - except for the possibility of small tips with the dish - goes to openly approve drugs, but what is shown are those in the archive clips on the honesty of what is sometimes funny, and then tragic, on taking certain medications. The appearances of various stationary and ridiculously anti-drug officials are hammering some points, even in such an overview of drug cultures and America's connection as a whole, since in reality there is only one important point that a pair is made sometimes by one of the interviewees. The only way to really address the drug issue is not "just say no", because as the war on drugs has shown that it is not as effective as thought. It really needs to be cleaned on all sides of all drugs and people who could be hypocritical about them (such as, for example, oxycontin continues on the market). <br /> <br /> Is it with the great interest and depth of a Ken Burns documentary? No, but for some summer television programs for young people (ie my age) who will see a lot of this as an almost ancient story despite most not being more than a generation ago, as well as for the "old" who can think a few decade later, the great peaks, the moments of inattention, and then the disillusionment pushed more by the same media that years before they propagated and publicized it. There are those who could find the documentary particularly distorted, which is not completely false, but tries to get enough grips on the social, political and entertainment conditions of drugs that intertwine (for better or for worse) for a sufficient number of fascinating vision
