With the death of her sick husband, May, an elderly woman faces a future in an urban world that sees her invisible, dead from the neck down, and unwelcome in her son's pseudo-sophisticated yuppie houses, Bobby and his superficial wife , Helen and Paula, a self-absorbed, clinging daughter with little talent. The central family is anything but warm, supportive and understanding of its new and tragic phase of life with the death of her husband. The mother is a quiet study of the character that shows how in some societies the elderly parent is both unwelcome and a burden on grown children, whose careers and status seek to overshadow everything else. <br /> <br /> In May he comes to realize that the world is still important to her, the solitary widow finds her libido awakened and alive with her daughter's boyfriend, a carpenter and a rough guy. May embarks on an uninhibited sexual relationship with Darren, whose character is sympathetic towards him in the beginning, but his imperfect nature is soon revealed by the pressures of the women around him. <br /> <br /> This is the kind of Hollywood actresses of a certain age who have never been written for them, but who would never have appeared because the film's frankness, overt sexuality, little glamorous wardrobe , the small trick and the social commentary on the intrusiveness of the same company that most women in the film industry are enchrenched. The performance of the main actress, Anne Reid, goes from quiet to dizzying and her interpretation blossoms on the screen from the greyish widow to a sexually alive and free middle-aged woman without face lifting, hair extensions and liposuction. She strips more than her soul for the screen. <br /> <br /> Daniel Craig is the enabling handyman, Derrek who hosts both mother and daughter. He turns into another stellar performance that is primarily in tune with the widow's situation, but in the end he is without redemption as his true nature develops and he is literally the cock in a chicken coop. His inability of the character without purpose to say no to the ex-wife, to the boring girl, and to the mother is blamed as the root of her ineffective existence. While he is good with his hands at building a conservatory, he is unable to build meaning in his life. <br /> <br /> One of Britain's best films over the years, he is simply an adult in his storyline. The Mother is the rare type of film that is perhaps too honest for the American public to tolerate having no car chases, no bling, no rap soundtrack to stifle the idiots of television starlets and studmuffin buffs. La Madre reflects how the aging baby boomers are now disposable people that the children are willing to neglect, to retire and get out of the way. May doesn't know what to do since she was brought into existence by Darren, she is not willing to go to the old ones at home and finds that her children are more conservative than she has ever been at their age.
