What a moving film. I have a dear friend who is sixty years old and has told me for the last 15 years that people no longer see her and long for company. Being in my forties, I begin to see what she has complained about. You are no longer young, beautiful or tangible. When May says "... this piece of body ..." wow. How our bodies change and how we are told that it is no longer beautiful. I love when he starts to change what he wears ... the colored scarf ... he is no longer the sloppy wife. <br /> <br /> It is a sad and wonderful image at the same time. Sad in that May he betrays his daughter's trust ... beautiful because he finds himself overcoming the difficulty of the relationship, and he chooses to go ahead and finally have his own life. I love the courage of the character to start even the love story. <br /> <br /> I mainly love the movie because it's finally a picture that shows the intricate nature of relationships, whether they are familiar or not. We see Paula's vulnerability, yet she will have what she wants at all costs ... (when she tells her mother that she will have a child for Darren if she wants one or less after her mother asks him if Darren also wants a child). The film strikes in the way relationships can change, and yet reveals what has been there forever, inactive. May has stifled her creativity to raise a family. A family that he didn't really want, but it was "something you did when he was young". I love the scene when Darren calls it an old tart, and smiles and says "I never called it before". It was really a gem of a movie. <br /> <br /> And Daniel Craig. Well, I just love it. I was pleasantly surprised. Not only is it pleasing to the eye, it is a real talent. What a clean role. It is much more than any 007 and I certainly can't wait to see it in multiple roles of this nature. The scene in which May is happy and the look that addresses them is a kind of wonder that has such a control over this woman, and also a pleasure to be able to give her this. Actually he enjoys giving her pleasure. A wonderful scene. The contrast is the love scene with Bruce. Bruce is completely absorbed in his own pleasure ... two completely different men. Alas ... I wonder where my Darren is?
