This is an excellent film that deals with a potentially exploitative subject with great sensitivity. Anne Reid, previously known in the UK for her roles on TV, including "Dinnerladies" (a series of Victoria Wood dramas on in-house catering staff, if you're wondering), gives a performance of understatement judged with precision like May, a late- The 1960s were in mourning for a mother of two talkative adults in a London neighborhood. Her husband Toots (Peter Vaughan) dies during their visit to the latter's male (Bobby), and we see the couple being rather casually welcomed by Bobby and his family. The teacher May daughter, Paula (Cathryn Bradshaw) lives nearby, however, and the relationship between May and Paula initially seems closer. Thus, when May decides that she cannot live at her home and returns to London, she is able to stay at Paula's house and do some education for her children to Paula's most appreciated daughter. <br /> <br /> It is on May visits to Bobby's house that he embarks on a relationship with Darren, a mid-1930s friend of Bobby who is working on an extension of the house. In what could be the first British mainstream film to represent it this way, it is May and not Darren (Daniel Craig *) who begins the meeting and, at least initially, it seems that the relationship is based on mutual respect. There is no explicit sexual content (at least in the DVD I saw: the differences in the IMDb cast list suggest the existence of other versions) and the physical basis of the deal is managed directly but not in an instrumental way. Most strongly portrayed is the relationship between May and her daughter Paula, a recent convert to "therapy and self-exploration", who announces that her mother was never supportive of her. Paula is also Darren's lover, and when she finds May's explicit but rather average drawings by Darren and May together, things go downhill in a dramatic but controlled way. Only in an English film, perhaps, a daughter could announce that she is about to hit her mother, politely asking her to stand up and properly eradicate her. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, May is drawn into a putative relationship with a decent but older (of his generation) member of Paula's writing group. The contrast between the resulting unwanted sexual relationship and his relationship with Darren is obvious; is at that point that May starts to comply with Paula, and Darren's worm starts spinning (he reveals about the cocaine that he may have been hunting for his money, if not all the time, but for a few laps). So May finds herself superfluous for both of her children's needs, and eventually returns home (but later leaves a new jet for new pastures). <br /> <br /> The strength of the film is represented by a resolute but comprehensive truth the nature of contemporary relationships between brothers and adult parents, where mourning can leave the surviving parent feeling more alone than if he had no one to whom look after. This is not new, but the opening of the portrait of sexual need in the over sixty could be. The darkness of the film's content, from a screenplay by Hanif Kureishi, is in contrast to the way it is turned on (it seems to be a perpetual summer), and the general mood is uplifting - it could easily have been another piece set in a severe and rainy England. The ending is perhaps under-written, since we don't know where May is going or for how long - maybe it's Shirley Valentine with a pension, it's certainly not Picasso. Anne Reid is, however, revealed as a good actor whose professional life will surely be changed forever. Like Julie Andrews in Torn Curtain (told by Paul Newman), "Here's your image of Mary Poppins {read Dinnerladies} forever." <br /> <br /> * Yes, he: announced in October 2005 as a new James Bond.
