It is hard to imagine a director capable of such a stupid shit like 'Notting Hill' that brings out something as sensitive and attractive as this, but well, here is the proof and is quite compelling. Many have alluded to television drama, and yes, sometimes it has a Play for Today from the 70s, but it's still a cut above, mostly I think because of a rather superlative acting by Anne Reid and a refined script that shadow-box with clichés without ever having one on the nose, except perhaps right at the end. (I didn't like the roundup of indifferent greetings through the corridor, nor the final scene of the beautiful afternoon: it deserved a more studied end than I think, after all that hard work. Even the business was a little too much, reflecting). <br /> <br /> What I mean by avoiding the cliché: well, I first had a sinking expectation that the "mature" man that May's daughter tries to put up with being thrown into 2 dimensions like an old man repulsive boring, so as to aim the contrast more painfully with the attractive and virile young geezer with which he is unknowingly competing. Instead, we get an unexpectedly subtle and comprehensive cameo of a solitary, clumsy, not entirely unpredictable and very human individual, who however doesn't have many ideas on how to entertain a woman. It was around that point that I started to sit and pay more attention. Here is a script that lets the actors breathe and does something interesting with fairly small parts. Almost Mike Leigh in this regard (minus the invented Cathars that the latter inexplicably goes on). And of course I was, as everyone probably was, amazed by what Anne Reid does with her character and her body. She is not "the repressed and respectful housewife that is discovered for the first time", this is too simplistic for the character we have. Again and again there are allusions to her that she was a "bad housewife", not to mention the thing she does with trays, trying to appear polite and handsome and only managing to look strange. The daughter accuses her of having "sat in front of the TV all day" instead of, whatever her mother's duties were supposed to have been: she has no answer. She was never a model wife and wife, at least not for herself - that's where a lot of intensity comes from, the feeling that someone has wasted a life trying to fulfill a role that she simply wasn't good at, ever.
