THE TENANTS began as a short 1971 novel by the now defunct Bernard Malamud - writer / philosopher - examining the conflicts between Jews and African Americans in the incendiary atmosphere of Brooklyn at the time of writing. As a novel, the story was truly compelling: transcribed into a script by novices David Diamond and Danny Green (who also directs it) is more a cerebral dissertation that gradually explodes into action in the final moments. <br /> <br /> Harry Lesser (Dylan McDermott) is a Jewish novelist with a book on his belt, but is currently attempting to finish his "new" book for ten years in writing. Convinced of having to complete the novel in the same environment in which it was started. is the only tenant in a condominium condemned in Brooklyn owned by Levinspiel (Seymour Cassel) who constantly tries to "buy" Harry's lease so that the dirty, dilapidated building can be demolished. In this atmosphere enters another almost anti-Semitic black militant writer Willie Spearmint (Snoop Dogg) whom Harry makes friends with, hides and offers help in the attempt by the nascent novelist to write about the death of all whites. Harry's attempts to help Willie lead to a conflict, not the least of which is the meeting of Harry, Willie's girlfriend, white Jewish Irene Bell (Rose Byrne) in an unfriendly meeting of militant black brothers and sisters by Willie. Willie and Irene are on skates and Harry gradually falls in love with Irene and plan to leave New York as soon as Harry finishes his novel. When Willie learns of the assignment and is further criticized by Harry, Willie explodes and begins the descent down not only of a delicate friendship but also of a competition between writers. The ending "reveals the slippery nature of the human condition, and the human capacity for violence and destruction". <br /> <br /> Actors do their best with a somewhat awkward script, but despite the lines written verging on preaching they create believable characters. Cinematography improves the story, keeping the mood moist and dense and mainly limited to the condemned building. The musical score appropriately uses the solo jazz trumpet and the blues piano to emphasize the tension and the isolation of each of these characters without foundation. Even if it takes a little patience to overcome brain wandering, the film eventually deserves to be seen. At least he tries to recreate the bizarre gaze of Malamud on life in the big city. Grady Harp
