As Jack Nicholson's directorial debut, Drive, He Said shows at least that he is a director with actors. Even if the story seems to lose its way for the public (and for a modern audience - if they can find it, which opens from time to time on eBay - it might seem freer than they think), the film contains lively, interesting characterizations . The film is about two college boys: the main character is Hector (William Tepper, in what is close to the breakout performance), a Leopards star, the college basketball team he plays on. While dealing with a coach (Bruce Dern) who puts the pressure to stay focused, and a girlfriend inside and out (Karen Black) with his emotional problems, there is Gabriel (Michael Margotta), the other child. Gabriel, it seems, is just a little more than freaked out by the possibility of being drafted, and so in his radical mental state he does what he can to keep out. But while Hector tries to find the balance between his coming fame and those he loves, Gabriel is crossing the threshold of sanity. <br /> <br /> From a technical point of view, Nicholson shows a fascinating style of editing that keeps things on the edge during basketball scenes and implements darkness in many other scenes with a touch of documentary. And from Tepper, Black, and even from Robert Towne (Chinatown writer, Last Detail, and Mission: Impossible, among others, who rarely reads), earn some credible acting work. Although in Tepper there is a tendency to minimize his emotions. In some scenes, for example, when he could behave in a brilliant sarcastic way, he doesn't play it for what it's worth. From Margotta, on the other hand, there is a vibrating and twisted force in his performance, and while it goes down it is scary, but perhaps understandable by the times (and what climax). Dern steals most of his scenes, among other things, in a performance that was supposed to give him an Oscar nomination. Each line of his dialogue is appropriate, true, and has never been worked out as in the recent interpretations of a coach. <br /> <br /> But what drives the film is that the elements involving the characters are not explained to the extent that one could wish for more. The film was based on a novel by Jeremy Larner, who co-wrote the script with Nicholson, and I expected the film to be longer than it was. It is a lean volume with a lot of information, about times, about sport, about the basic feelings that were with those of the younger generations. Nicholson presents these characters and situations to us, and they rarely show what motivates them (protesters against the war are not included, their part is quite understandable). Gabriel is troubled by what's happening in Vietnam, but what else is there? Hector is also a guy who has apprehensions about being enlisted for the NBA, and still loves to play, but what holds him back? This whole atmosphere is intriguing, as was the college / basketball experience of the 1960s, but that interesting quality, which leads to some nonconformism, is kept at a point where it cannot go further. Overall, the effect of the film as a whole is bittersweet, and somewhat memorable due to its positive aspects, and not the low ones. And, of course, you can tell who is behind the goal at every stage. B +
