This is a truly amazing movie to watch. Using digital technology, the director, Rohmer, has literally encrusted his living actors in painted backgrounds. Most of the time this works brilliantly, especially at the beginning where the film is like a pop-up story book that comes to life. It has less success in some scenes, where it limits the corners of the camera (for example, they have not painted the side of some buildings), but it is a very interesting way to film a historical film that regards both our own misunderstandings and limited visions of history as much history itself. It is narrated using the memories of the former director of the Duc d'Orléans, Grace Elliott. Thus, an event usually claimed as one of them by Marxist historians, especially in France, is told here from the point of view of a foreign aristocratic woman. A different point of view inevitably emerges: there can be no objective representation. The use of the memory device gives the film a rather episodic quality. Personally, I found the most interesting plot around the king's death. A faithful realist is shocked when the duke votes for the king's death (a basic knowledge of the French Revolution is probably useful for following the dialogue between Grace and the Duc here. He was Luigi's cousin and had himself elected to the Assembly, where promptly changed his name to Philip Equality). Filming of Louis's death is masterly. Grace and her maid are in Meudon, outside Paris, watching from a hill with a telescope. We do not see the execution, we hear only the comment of the waitress, like Grace. The most dramatic event of the revolution takes place off screen. Grace cannot bear to see it killed. His opinion is that of an aristocrat. Any justification for Louis's death is literally beyond his vision. This is a powerful and acutely intelligent film production. The love story between the duke and grace is insinuated, never told, and is moving strongly (sometimes the Duc seems a bit pompous, what do you see in him? The undercurrents of madness (which simply exist to be a suspicion) that sweep individuals at a time like the Revolution are illustrated while Grace's life is turned upside down, her house is searched every day, yet she still orders her servants to cook her food and is incapable of dressing! in a thin and well-told film, making intelligent use of new technology to tell an old story, or the representation of a crucial moment in European history narrated by a foreign aristocratic woman, her last outsider, then this is worth your time a little slow in places but your patience is amply rewarded.
