Like many Americans, I was first introduced to Hayao Miyazaki's work when I saw "Spirited Away". I fell in love with the film and saw it many times. Now I'm looking to see all of Miyazaki's movies. One of his first works is "Castle in the Sky". Although it's still fun, it's not as good as "Spirited Away" (though comparing this or any movie to his 2002 masterpiece is perhaps unfair). <br /> <br /> A young boy named Pazu (James Van Der Beek) is working in a mine late one night, when he sees a girl slowly fall from the sky. When she wakes up the next morning, she introduces herself as Sheeta (Anna Paquin). But Sheeta has a secret, and before he knows it, Pazu is dragged into an adventure that will put him in danger with the pirates, the army and a lost floating city. <br /> <br /> Joining a Hayao Miyazaki movie means you can expect one thing: a sense of wonder and magic. Many filmmakers have tried, but nobody can create a sense of magic and wonder like Miyazaki. Watching a film by Miyazaki is like living a fantastic dream of your childhood. <br /> <br /> Because the film is animated, the dubbing of the film is not a big problem because it is almost impossible to determine whether the movements of the lips match the words. It also helps that the translated dialogue is well written and dubbed by talented actors. Voice acting is varied. James Van Der Beek is the best. Brings an irresistible enthusiasm and excitement to the role of Pazu that is perfect for the character. Anna Paquin is almost as good as Sheeta. She's scared of the events happening around her, but she knows what she has to do. Mark Hamill is unrecognizable as the evil Muska. He is dangerous and wants something from Sheeta, and will do anything to get it. The other items are bad. Cloris Leachman is as horrible as Dola. Leachman may have won an Oscar for "The Last Picture Show", but he is boring as the pirate leader. Leachman gives the character a hideous scream that is almost always monotonous. It's so ugly it almost ruins the movie! Jim Cummings is an effective voice actor, but he is a mixture like the general. I would certainly recommend seeing "Castle in the Sky". I'll probably end up buying it myself. But even if it's not as good as "Spirited Away", it's still pretty good.
