Returning from his original Japanese name of LAPUTA (to be an offensive phrase, something to which the director Hayao Miyazaki was unaware at the time), CASTLE IN THE SKY is the third film of the master animator, and is one of his most beloved of all times. Initially a box office disappointment in its 1986 version, it has since been received by critics and audiences around the world. Inspired by Jonathan Swift's "Gulliver's Travels", CASTLE IN THE SKY is a steampunk-themed action adventure story about two young orphans - the young miner Pazu and the mysterious girl Sheeta (who wears a magic crystal around her neck) - who gets unite to find the lost island of Laputa, which is said to have great riches and gems. They are helped by a band of bombed but nice pirates led by the exuberant Dola (who at first chases them, but turn out to be true allies) and persecuted by the government led by his evil highest secret agent, Muska, who wants Laputa's power to own advantage. <br /> <br /> For anyone looking for an exciting way to spend two hours, this film is an excellent choice, with just the right amount of humor, exploration, wonder and mystery to keep one interested. The artwork, although not as spectacular as in some of Miyazaki's later films, is fantastic and wonderful to watch with imaginative characters and settings, incredibly exciting action scenes and breathtaking flight sequences that will make you feel dizzy. And while the characters that populate this story are less complex than the other works of Miyazaki, everyone has a memorable and captivating personality that stays with the viewer long after the film ends. Dola, in particular, creates a terrifying comic character, shouting orders to his deceived children and protecting Sheeta the next day. Muska is one of the few creations of Miyazaki to ever be seen as an irreparable villain, but like Dola, he commands every scene in which he finds himself with a sinister charisma that is both seductive and cold. <br /> <br /> Anime fans have often compared this film to the Gainax science fiction series NADIA: THE SECRET OF BLUE WATER. After all, both works share the same story and character elements ... not to mention that both were created by Miyazaki himself. Where both are different in their execution. NADIA, although fascinating for the most part, suffered from taking a wrong turn at its mid-point, turning into a comic-book absurdity that distracted from the main plot, even though it had a strong ending. On the other hand, CASTEL IN THE SKY remains constantly entertaining and focused for its two-hour duration, and it's so much better for it. While the epic tone of the film is sometimes broken by "cartoon" moments, like a brawl between Pazu's head and one of Dola's sons, it is never to the point that it takes away from the film. <br /> <br /> years ago, Disney released an English version with a cast of big names like James van der Beek, Anna Paquin, Cloris Leachman, Mark Hamill, Mandy Patinkin and some cameo appearances by veterans like Tress MacNeille and Jim Cummings. He also presents an ambitious reworking of the splendid soundtrack by Joe Hisaishi for a performance by the Seattle Music Orchestra (curiously, the author of this rescore is none other than the composer himself). Although the purists have cried blasphemies for this version for its occasional extra dialogues and for the aforementioned rescore, Miyazaki had no such problems; in fact, it is said that he applauded the reworking, and for good reason, because the new music just recorded is really the star of the new dubbing. While there are some cases where the filling of some critically silent scenes of the original Japanese is a bit jarring (especially the journey through a dragon-infested storm cloud), the general reworking is fantastic and in many ways improves the original , especially in scenes like when a robot attacks a fortress and the culminating moments towards the end. Here, Hisaishi shows its versatility and musical genius to combine music with images. <br /> <br /> Concerning performances in dubbing, the derivations are probably in the shorter part of the stick; James Van Der Beek's Pazu seems much more mature than his character, while Anna Paquin's Sheeta speaks with a strange accent that sometimes oscillates (a problem that actually works in favor of the character). Having said that, they both do a good job overall and provide fairly credible chemistry all the time. It is however the supporting cast that makes this dubbing really fun, in particular Dola by Cloris Leachman and Muska by Mark Hamill. Both are perfectly expressed and steal every scene they are in; as with rescore, these two really guarantee listening to Disney dubbing. The adaptation of the script is sometimes confined to the free side: there are a few extra lines and / or comments (some of which are extremely funny and others a bit exaggerated), but apart from at least a questionable alteration (the speech of Sheeta in the showdown "the world cannot live without love" in contrast to the original "you can't survive beyond Mother Earth", the characters, the story and the spirit in general remain faithful to the original. Overall, it makes little sense to compare the Disney version to the original language version; everyone puts their own brand on this legendary masterpiece, and I like both. (They are even better than Streamline / JAL, the most literal but frighteningly robotic dubbing, lifeless, abysmally performed and poorly written of the late 1980s: don't believe anyone who says this version is "superior" to Disneys - trust me, the opposite is true.) <br /> <br /> However, you can't go wrong with CASTLE IN THE SKY. He is one of the greatest of all Miyazaki's times, and I highly recommend it.
