Hayao Miyazaki's second feature film is his first to be widely acclaimed both commercially and critically (although his debut - Nausicaa AKA Warriors of the Wind is considered his best by many fans), "Tenku no Shiro Rapyuta ' AKA 'Castle in the Sky' may seem childish and simplistic compared to its most recent masterpieces like 'Kiki's Delivery Service', 'Mononoke-hime' and 'Spirited Away', but in 1986 it was years ahead of its time and was one of the stones milestones of the modern anime It is important to remember that "Castle in the Sky" was created two years before the revolutionary "Akira", and although not as provocative and controversial as the masterpiece mentioned above, the main characters are all mainly hero manga characters / heroine / villain, and the story is quite predictable and obvious (at least by today's standards), Miyazaki's projects and animation work are of a standard never seen before. humor is a bit silly and obsolete, the film is still a lot of fun and a lot of fun - if not as breathtaking as "Spirited Away". And if you allow yourself to see the beauty of the frames themselves and ignore the low-budget coloring and animation and the identical twin faces - at this point Miyazaki is still true to his roots and the agreed standards of Japanese cartooning - you'll see the Miyazaki's genius shine as well as on "Spirited Away" and Mononoke. While 'Castle in the Sky', being a sci-fi adventure and very suitable for children, fits in a more orderly way to the classic souls than anything else it has done since then, its motives and principles continue to show and play an important role . To say much more would ruin the film, so I'll be kindly silent. Suffice it to say that I only give him nine stars because if I gave him ten I couldn't go higher for "Spirited Away" and "Princess Mononoke". And that would be a crime. <br /> <br /> As in most anime movies, I suggest you look at the Japanese version with English subtitles, even if you don't speak a word of Japanese - English overdubs do nothing but tend to be very good, and in this case it is simply horrendous. You might want to see it in the English version once, though, only for the laughter and for the star-filled cast (English dubbing was only recorded following the success of "Spirited Away", as it was for "Kiki's Delivery Service" ' ) - Anna Paquin and James Van Der Beek (Yes, the Dawson guy!) They fill the main roles, Mark Hamill (Luke Skywalker from 'Star Wars', in case you didn't know!) He plays the villain, and other roles are filled by Andy Dick, Tres MacNeille (The Simpsons, Rugrats, Animaniacs ...), Michael McShane (Friar Tuck from Robin Hood by Kevin Costner parody) and Mandy Patinkin (Hi, my name is Inigo Montoya ...) Good for a laugh, or some laughter really. But look first at the Japanese one.
