It is always difficult to put a mark on any film as "the best", if of all times, a certain genre, or what you have, but I believe that it can be argued that, in reality, Laputa is the biggest animated film never done. It is in my mind the masterpiece of Hayao Miyazaki, the most talented Japanese animation director, and captures his strengths as a director, storyteller and designer, as well as encapsulating all his favorite background themes. The version I'm reviewing is the American dubbing 2003 (I know, sacrilege for a passionate fan of souls not to look at it in his mother tongue); there is at least one other dub in English, I have it on VHS (I have no idea what the source is), and that version is the best single dub I've ever seen in every movie. But I thought it best to focus on the version that people can actually find. <br /> <br /> Laputa tells the story of a boy named Pazu (voiced by James Van Der Beek here), who is growing up in a mining town when one day a girl named Sheeta (Anna Paquin) literally falls from sky. It appears to be pursued by a sinister government agent, Colonel Muska (Mark Hamill), who is more interested in the magic crystal that hangs around her neck. To keep things lively, there is also a band of pirates wickedly fun after the crystal, led by the elderly but still noisy Dola (Cloris Leachman). The plot revolves around the crystal's ability to reveal the location of the fabulous flying city of Laputa, a potential treasure trove of scientific knowledge and hidden treasure. It's all very much in tune with a fairy tale setting, but Miyazaki knows exactly how far to take the story, and the plot is dotted with 'gosh-wow' moments and infused with his usual morality and warnings about the abuse of power of nature . <br /> <br /> The design work on Laputa, almost twenty years later, is still revolutionary. Flying machines of all kinds abound, absolutely impossible but designed so meticulously that you instantly accept them without batting an eye. The world is set somewhere around the beginning of the 20th century, with telegraphs and ancient automobiles alongside stunning impossible flying machines. But it is the city itself that is pure brilliance in the execution; Laputa is both the Garden of Eden and the Fire of Heaven itself, and in that juxtaposition lies its charm, its power and its danger. <br /> <br /> Besides being a thoughtful and well-designed film, Laputa is blessed with a wonderful sense of cinematography. From large shots to high-speed chases on flyers of one man to ships that dive into the clouds as if they were water, Laputa shows a purpose that most films do? even with the magic of CGI ?? I can only daydream. Even if we see only a small part of this world, its simple elegance extends beyond the confines of the frame and we have no difficulty believing it. The film also contains one of my favorite action sequences, if not the most exciting: a guardian robot who fell to Earth accidentally reactivated and devastated the fortress in which he is held, all the while trying to protect Sheeta ( who was the one who woke him up). Meanwhile, Pazu and the pirates descend on their small flying cars to literally tear it from the jaws of destruction. From the horrible spectacle of the robot that incinerates the campaign for the exhilarating last-second rescue, the entire sequence is a masterpiece of camera timing and angles and knowing exactly how far the audience will go. <br /> <br /> Help Laputa has an amazing score. Composer Joe Hisaishi captures the wonderful beauty of this world, dewy innocence, exciting action and the terrifying world of the flying city and its bizarre robotic guardians. Although he re-recorded it for this version of DVD (which IMO is not an improvement over its original score), adding pieces here and there, the score perfectly matches the graphics, a rare total union of sound and vision. <br /> <br /> This is not a bad dub. I am passionately in love with the old English dub, and this over-explains things only a little in patches, but I was almost shocked at how closely these items corresponded to them (and they matched the Japanese quite well). Dola, in particular, is difficult to obtain, but Leachman is the classic pirate woman (her children are not as good as the original). Paquin does a good job as Sheeta, and Mark Hamill, while I knew he was early, is more than talented enough to do Muska (I liked Muska's other English dub a little more, but Hamill is good). Much of the film rests on Pazu's shoulders, and Van Der Beek is wonderful. Listening to him made me think that this crew must have had access to the other English dub, because VDB matches very closely with the original Pazu. Even if watching a dubbing again is a reason for excommunication among the otaku faithful, as much as I love this film, I don't think you are sacrificing very simply by looking at this particular anglicized version. John Lassiter of Pixar presents it on the front page, and my suspicion is that he, like so many others, simply loves this movie so much that they have tried very hard to guarantee its high quality. <br /> <br /> Miyazaki has been successful in America in recent years with Spirited Away and Mononoke (one of his few films I didn't care for), but for me Laputa is still his crowning achievement. Anyone familiar with his latest work will almost certainly appreciate this previous work, and once again, this film is a master on top of its striking shape on every cylinder. I would pay a lot of money to see this on a big screen; while it probably will never happen, it's nice to know that at least this classic has been stored on DVD.
