By now you've probably heard of the new Disney movie of Miyazaki's classic film, Laputa: Castle In The Sky. During the late summer of 1998, Disney released "Kiki's Delivery Service" in a video that included a preview of the dub Laputa that said it was scheduled for "1999". That year has obviously passed, but the dubbing has finally been completed. And it is not "Laputa: Castle In The Sky", only "Castle In The Sky" for dubbing, since Laputa is not a good word in Spanish (although they use the word Laputa many times in dubbing). You probably also heard that the world-famous composer, Joe Hisaishi, who originally made the film, came back to point out excellent music with new arrangements. Laputa came out before my neighbor Totoro and after Nausicaa della Valle del Vento, which started the Studio Ghibli and is a long series of successes. And in my opinion, I think it's one of Miyazaki's best films with a powerful lesson in laughter within this two-hour and four-minute gem. Laputa: Castle in the Sky is a film for all ages and I invite everyone to see it. <br /> <br /> For those not familiar with the Castle in the Sky story, it starts right at the beginning and doesn't stop the next two hours. The narration is so impeccable and masterfully realized, see the true vision of Miyazaki. And believe me, it's fantastic. The film begins with Sheeta, a girl with a helluva past while being held captive by the government on an airship. Sheeta holds the key to Laputa, the castle in the sky and a lost civilization. The key to Laputa is a sacred pendant that has been sought by many, namely the government, the military and the group of air pirates, the Dola gang (which later became Sheeta and Pazu made friends). Soon, the pirates attack the ship and she flees during the raid. She falls to a few thousand feet, but the fall is soft and thanks to her pendant. While floating down from the sky, Pazu, an orphan boy who survives working in the mines, sees Sheeta and captures her. The two become fast friends, but thanks to his pendant, the two find themselves caught in a huge thrill as the band and the Dola government try to capture Sheeta. A sequence of actions after another, we learn all the motifs and identities of the character as we build the emotional and action-packed climax that everyone will surely enjoy with its fantastic animation and wonderful dialogue. Also a somewhat tortuous surprise. I think this film is simply remarkable and is valid for the execution time of two hours and four minutes. The story is wonderful, as we reach the animation of Hayao Miyazaki that has no limits. The setting of the film is a combination of many periods. It seems to take place in the late 1800s, but it is an alternative universe with advanced technology and weapons. Laputa is also surprisingly a funny movie. The film has a lot of hilarious moments, almost equal to the drama and action of the film. I think the funniest part is a fight scene where Pazu's boss confronts a pirate, and soon after a fight breaks out. It's fun to see that men compare their strength and the music fits perfectly. <br /> <br /> Now let's talk about how dub rates. An excellent cast offers some great performances to give life to these characters. The teenage heartthrob James Van Der Beek plays the hero Pazu, who has a much more mature voice in the Japanese version, where in the original he sounded more childish. Anyway, I think his voice is very nice with Pazu. Anna Paquin, the young Oscar winner of "The Piano", plays Sheeta. This is also a good performance, but the voice is a little uneven, not true to an accent. Sometimes it looks American like apple pie, but other times it sounds like someone from New Zealand. The performance that I liked most was that of Coris Leachman, who played Mama Dola. Not only is it an excellent performance, but the voice and the emotions it gives to the character really make it come to life. If there had ever been a live Laputa movie (G-d forbid), she would have played it, you can only imagine it in the role (well, a little). The same Luke Skywalker, Mark Hamill is Muska, and this is another top-level Hamill performance. You may be familiar with Hamill from a long series of vocal works after making the original Star Wars movies, but it makes Muska completely evil. His voice sounds like his regular voice and mix of Joker, who played for many episodes of the Batman animated series. Completing the cast is the lead actor, Jim Cummings, who does a great, hard job as a general and Andy Dick and Mandy Patakin as members of the Dola band. <br /> <br /> Now let me talk about what really makes this special special, the new music by Joe Hisaishi! For those who have never heard of him, Mr. Hisaishi makes music and like all Miyazaki films, music is truly memorable. Each of his scores has his own personalities that are perfectly suited to the particular film. Now, these new arrangements he made are more "American", which I believe was the goal of the new recordings. Don't worry, the classic songs of the Japanese version are still in good shape here. The score, for me, seems to be organized like this is a Hollywood hit movie. It has more power, it has more emphasis, it is more clear and profound. The prologue of the film, the first seconds we are introduced to the airships, has new music (I'm not sure, but I think when we saw the ships for the first time there was no music). But most music has new backgrounds and more background music. Things look a lot better. In a powerful scene, the music is stronger than the original versions. In a calm scene, it is calmer. Overall, I think many of you will be happy with the new arrangements and mixes, I've done a lot myself and I personally think it helps improve the film. I prefer the new score over the old one, and I hope that Disney will release or license the music rights to a full-blown soundtrack. <br /> <br /> Another positive side of dubbing is that the story remains faithful and much of the original Japanese lines are intact. In Kiki, I'm sure some lines have been changed, and this is the same, the lines have been changed. But the majority is close to or exactly the original lines and the dialogue that Miyazaki wrote. I was afraid that some excellent lines would be slaughtered, but they were there intact. Some new help lines have also been added. But I'm not sure whether to consider it a good thing or a bad thing, Disney did NOT translate the final song, it was in Japanese. I was mortified when they made completely new songs for Kiki dubbing, but with this version it's the original song ... in Japanese. So I guess it's nice that it's still the original, but bad given that most people see this dubbing speak English. <br /> <br /> There is a downside to this dub, and it deals with how the voices correspond to the lips of the character. Obviously, in any dubbing it won't be perfect, but I think that in Kiki and Mononoke the dubbing of the lines to match have been performed much better (and Disney has had a little more time with this ...). Sometimes everything is perfect, sometimes it's not complete, and in a rare case someone says something and the lips don't move at all (there's a scene where Sheeta chuckles and her mouth doesn't move a little). <br /> <br /> As for the things on the film itself, these are my thoughts. I thought that the most spectacular part of Laputa was animation. From the opening sequence to the end, the animation is so lush and detailed, just look at it with admiration. See the true nature of each character, the real details of their face with close-ups and extreme actions. You have to give a lot of credit for the effort these animators put into this film. Everything is so well done and beautifully drawn by hand, it's like a moving work of art. And to think, this was done in the mid-80s. The animation is quite different from Disney, Ghibli has its characteristic flare which is very different, but very good. And after all these years, the colors seem more vibrant than ever. Laputa also has lots of action sequences, lots of aerial and some ground combat. These sequences are so well made and so intriguing, it's scary that they're comparable to a big budget action movie. And the ending is just something you MUST see. The sound effects are pure and classic and are well suited to explosions, gunshots and everything in between. And like all Miyazaki movies, everyone focuses on a different theme (eg Kiki: Confidence). This has a great lesson in greed and power. People do not realize how much greed can take over you, and how having too much power is not good. People are obsessed with power, and they are greedy, and the main villain, Muska, proves it very much. <br /> <br /> All in all, Laputa: Castle In The Sky was a great movie to begin with, and has now improved for the most part. I'm glad that a more mainstream audience now has the chance to see this classic movie. animation in all its glory. With a cast of great voice that has put a lot into the film with Joe Hisaishi's excellent redone soundtrack, Disney has done a good job on this dubbing and is quite worthy. Although I think the voices fit better with the mouths in the duplicated Kiki and Princess Mononoke Disney, Castle In The Sky is still a great duplicate and is worth the long delays because now it can give more space to a fantastic film.
