Regardless of the personal opinion of Walerian Borowczyk, the grotesque gem "La bête" of 1975, it must be admitted that this bizarre gem is an absolutely unique cinema experience. Borowczyk's erotic fairy tale has been banned in many countries for a long time, and it's pretty obvious why this controversial gem was the victim of stupid film censors. "La bête" is a fascinating mixture of intense and beautiful fairytale atmosphere, quite explicit eroticism and genuine strangeness that bravely rejects any compromise. The fact that beastiality (of gender) is one of the central themes of the film has certainly not helped him with censorship, but has made him very controversial and therefore known by a wider audience. <br /> <br /> Pierre de l 'Esperance (Guy Tréjan), the head of a French aristocratic family, arranged for his slightly demented son Mathurin (Pierre Benedetti) to marry Lucy Broadhurst (Lisbeth Hummel), the young and beautiful daughter of a rich English family. Because of an old curse, Mathurin's uncle (Marcel Dalió) is strictly against marriage. When Lucy and her mother arrive at the French estate, Lucy is immediately fascinated by a portrait of the 18th-century ancestor Romilda (Sirpa Lane), and an old book with bizarre drawings. The story soon falls into a bizarre feverish sexual dream ... Without giving too much, I can say that fans of exceptional cinema should not miss this movie. As bizarre, "La bête" is undoubtedly also extraordinarily beautiful in style, setting and cinematography. The dream-fever atmosphere is present inside and outside the dream sequences. The forest estate and the imposing family villa are magnificent scenery, and the beautiful soundtrack and the incredible cinematography create an overwhelming atmosphere for this grotesque story. Very explicit sexuality ranges from the erotic (elegant female nudity, fascinating actress) to a serious dementia and even rather disgusting (close-ups on the genitals of horses despite having sex, ...); in both cases it is unlikely to be forgotten. The entire cast of "La bête" is fantastic and everyone involved offers great performances in eccentric characters (some of whom are seriously demented). The film benefits from an exceptionally beautiful cast, Lisbeth Hummel in the lead, the Finnish actress Sirpa Lane (who unfortunately died from Aids in 1999) as the ancestor of the dream sequences, or the relatively unknown but particularly compelling actress Pascale Rivault she plays the aristocratic daughter who always has the opportunity to have sex with a black servant in a closet. <br /> <br /> I am not intentionally giving a complete description of the most important parts of the plot as they simply have to be seen to be believed. Some scenes are among the most bizarre ever seen in the film, the scenes with the homonymous 'beast' are certainly among them. Certainly not everyone's cup of tea, but highly recommended for lovers of controversial and unusual cinema. A true cult gem!
