The Bête from the Polish film maker Walerian Borowczyk (French, 1975, The Beast) is among the most controversial and courageous films ever made and a very excellent one. This film tells everything that has been generally hidden and denied about our nature and our sexual nature, in particular with the symbolism and silence of his images. The images may seem wild, perverse, "sick" or exciting, but they are all related to the last mentioned. Sex, desire and death are very strong and primary things and dominate all the flesh which has a human soul within it. We are interested and tempted so powerfully (and by our nature) that they are considered scary, unacceptable and something too wild to be true. <br /> <br /> A sophisticated young woman travels with her mother in a French campaign to meet her soon-to-become husband who has had an affair of letters of some kind with her. Everyone is very exciting and the parents and relatives of each other are eagerly waiting to see new people reach their families. The innocence of the young bride shines through and no one knows what can happen and wake up within the walls of the large and beautiful French villa, with all its men and animals, and a mysterious "la bête" that turns out to be something the characters, nor most of the film's audience would never have imagined they were real and (in front of them). <br /> <br /> The film is about the same theme as Canadian decay feature David Cronenberg Shivers (1975), which takes place inside a huge luxury building where destructive and bloody parasites spread from the human to man through sexual contact and make people act furiously and violently in their lust for pleasure and instinct realization. The human has instincts that can be and are stronger than his will and that is why those instincts can be as dangerous as they are powerful as the instinct of some other animal, a beast, whether it is a lust for blood, revenge or sex and carnal pleasure. Humans are only animals that have intelligence and tools to transmit it, but since we are also animals, that intelligence is not always used too much as can be seen everywhere around us. The film opens up a lot, and shockingly for most hypocritical attitudes, showing an angry horny horse as it waits to enter the mare and continue the race, but the anger and visible lust we see from his eyes and violent movements are Key elements of this beginning and why it is there, not the close-ups of organs as could easily be claimed. The horse is a beast that fights in an almost unbearable heat, in heat that is much stronger than its will since it no longer has any control at that point. The power of instinct makes an animal a beast. <br /> <br /> After the memorable start, the characters are introduced, and the film has fantastically all the age groups needed within it by the little innocents who wait to grow and develop until they bloom, to adults and the elderly who all represent their own part of life span, creating the face of human life on the screen. A film does not necessarily need more characters in this way because all the most important are already there and represent the entire race, including the inhabitants of the city and the countryside, and both sexes. The villa makes the protagonist's sexuality vigil when she sees the horses mate and act as if she had never thought. For the first time she sees something unique and something that excites and feels almost vital to her and her body, how to get water when you are very thirsty. The transformation of the girl is a very important element in the film as she has been unaware of these things inside her, with her mother, the camera and a literary boyfriend, even if things have just waited for the moment to burst. Meat wants meat and that belongs to human beings, but those things are not so easily accepted everywhere and films like these that try to depict it are banned for decades? Man's stupidity and reluctance to interpret images must not be an argument for the fact that a film is banned or otherwise violated. <br /> <br /> The last 30 minutes of the film are just as important at the beginning and once again show how powerful cinema is without useless words and words. As the girl and the audience realize what her body is starting to feel and want, she begins to dream of the mysterious beast that turns out to be nothing but the undressed form of ourselves, having lived in the woods without other people animals near him. The sequence of dreams is what causes and causes most of the controversy alongside the honest and honest attitude of the film, and the images are so easy to be considered "perverse" and "pornographic", without the courage to investigate them, reactions and thoughts of character behind what we see. The images are exciting in his dreams and finally in the dream for the human (more) dream character, and Borowczyk forces us to admit it with images that are so close to a "normal" sexual act between a man and a female, which is a beautiful thing and an expression of love, another human need. Even the numerous and ably darkly humorous love that makes scenes inside the villa, between the young mother and the black servant, is interrupted many times while someone shouts for the servant, for example, and there is no doubt that the sensual image of two young humans the bodies that are together and are interrupted with an angry cry at least do not become more pleasant from the interruption. Borowczyk has managed to paint his images so beautiful and "sensitive" that his message is almost impossible to be misunderstood, but nothing seems to be impossible for our cultures and minds that criticize art. Use the dialogue only when necessary, otherwise the images do the job and make the film powerful. <br /> <br /> Death is also there, while the flesh dies sooner or later, after years of life and instincts, dies. The ending is inevitable but the meaning of the dream sequence may have been just as powerful without the kind of dramatic and "revealing" ending. Another obscurely humorous element comes when we see the women of the city turned upside down who escape from the place where they saw a little more than what they were looking for! They and they visited the abode of truth about the flesh. The film reminds me of the French writer Georges Bataille's Story of the Eye with his own themes on eroticism, death and how both are always connected to the nature of our flesh. The book is well written and fantastic as well as this film, and of course both have been blamed for their "too explicit" content and other equally noteworthy comments. <br /> <br /> Borowczyk's film is also very beautiful visually alongside its raw honesty, and nature and the forest have rarely been as bright and bright as in this film. The sun shines through the trees, and in every place where humans live, and the beauty of it is always there, but so is the ugliness that originates from the inhabitants of the world. For every innocent white sheep there is an egoic, evil and horrible beast in our world and that is why the intelligence that has been given to us never seems to completely overwhelm the power of our bad instincts and the other side of the sheep, present in every human soul. These are those who manage to keep the dark side passive and inactive. Fulfilling some of our instincts is not a bad thing, and using this intelligence and seeing what are good and bad instincts can be satisfied without the exploitation, violence and the lethal and destructive circle created by it. Human is no longer an animal with intelligence, intelligence that is so easy to forget and consume in the background from things that feel better and more satisfying at all times, perhaps sudden. Borowczyk's film is a masterpiece, an unforgettable and intelligent piece of magical cinema with an ageless theme and also an example of what can be achieved, expressed and given by a director, who is also just a human.
