OK ... this is an oddity .... Honestly, I can't tell you all the points of THE BEAST's internal storyline, because I started to lose interest when nothing happened during the first 45 or more minutes - but wait, of course "collects" ... <br /> <br /> The plot involves something of a monster in the woods that some French aristocrats ruined the day. In the end you see "THE BEAST", which looks like a boy dressed in a giant mouse bear costume with a horse cock stuck to it. The scene takes place with the aristocratic woman who runs through the forest in search of a lost sheep. The sheep ends up dead and the woman gets scared. THE BEAST opens, amazes the girl and shoots 400 gallons of cum on her. Eventually the chick starts enjoying the "attention" of the beast which results in some very beautiful simulated sex scenes, including an erotically unnerving foot masturbation scene in which the woman blows the beast with her feet while the monster shoot huge loads everywhere (yes, I have a twisted foot fetish, so call me ...) ... The whole film is told in flashbacks and verbose dialogue scenes that tended to be a bit boring. A "shocking" but predictable ending concludes this extremely strange film ... <br /> <br /> THE BEAST is a film that I find difficult to evaluate. The cinematography itself is quite appealing and the settings, costumes and settings are elaborate. The plot is a bit complicated and seems to take itself too seriously for what ends up being such an unintentionally hilarious movie on a chick that bones a mouse bear. A lot of tits, asses and hairy French bushes from the 70s to make up for the boring first half of the movie. I must honestly say that, if it hadn't been for the graphic scenes of the BEAST that was unleashed on the whole willing girl, this film would have been a real nuisance - unless you like boring dialogues and the sex of a graphic horse ( beginning has a very personal and close-up scene of two horses deboning themselves, including a female horse palpitating and covered sperm ... YUM !!!). But the BEAST sex scene is so strange and a change so refreshing from the rest of the film, that I have to say that those scenes alone make up for what would otherwise have been a real snoozer. I have to recommend this to anyone who thinks they've seen it all - the BEAST rape is really out and something to witness. Also recommended to all fans of films from the 70s and 80s - this level is quite high with them. It's worth taking a look at you lovers of rat beast sufferers out there (like me) ... 8/10
