If, like me, you like your films to be unique, and unlike most other movies, I strongly recommend you take a look at The Beast. The film is a grotesque, erotic, fantasy fairy tale centered on a mythological "beast" that is said to vague on the grounds of a French villa and wants women. The film is very bold with its thematic material, and this is something to be trusted. The theme of bestiality is a definite taboo and, for good reason, I could add; but the film transmits it; straight and to the point. Like other films that deal with a taboo subject at their core, The Beast could have bypassed it, and made us use our imagination to fill in the gaps, but Borowczyk did not, and is brave in this regard, especially how to make a film as this will leave him open to any kind of criticism, but the fact that he went ahead with it, in my opinion, means a great compliment for the boy. <br /> <br /> The film begins with a sequence that sees an arrogant male horse mount a female. This opener puts an exclamation mark on the film and prepares the audience, somehow, for the incredible tour de force of the eroticism they are about to see. The scenes that see the beast mating with the woman are free and shocking, and are intended to offend many people (hence the reason it has been banned for over 20 years), but these scenes are not just an excuse for Borowczyk to shock the spectator; this film has a defining point. As said during the film; the only difference between man and the beast is intelligence. Both man and beast have instincts, only man knows how to control them. The Beast explores this difference between man and beast through sexuality; the fantasy sequence in which the beast appears embodies the control of human desire, and it is only when the central female character lets go of her control that she can see the beast. The film has strong themes from the centuries-old history of "beauty and beast" woven into it, and overall it is a fabulous story of lust, but not without morals. <br /> <br /> Many people criticize the scenes around the shocking sexual sequences of the film to be boring, but these scenes are important to the story of the film. Without these scenes, we could not have known the characters or the story of the beast and, more importantly; the story of "beauty and the beast" would not be able to have its terrifying conclusion dealt to the public, and as this is one of the key elements of the film; it would be a real pity. In addition to this, Borowczyk keeps his audience entertained through these scenes, not with shock, but with dialogue and the upper-class character of the family, along with the beautiful shots of the villa's terrain would not be seen, and thus the sharp contrast between this and even subsequent events in the film would not exist. <br /> <br /> Overall, The Beast is a shocking film. It is the portrait of a taboo subject and the shocking way in which it is depicted will ensure that this film is not for everyone. However, if you can overcome the shock of the film, and embrace The Beast; what awaits is a clever and beautiful piece of art that should not be missed by anyone willing to give this film a chance.
