Most people, when they think of expressionist cinema, look at the black and white German films of the first and silent sonorities - films that emphasized rounded corners, extreme contrasts of light and darkness, exaggerated performances and occasional uses of surrealism to create a dream dreamlike atmosphere to diverge from the traditional and naturalistic modalities of cinematographic representation. If we are willing to accept that the Germans were not the only directors to create expressionist cinema (and that those features mentioned above are not prerequisites for the expressionist film), then I would say that Dodes'ka-den (DKD) is a prime example of this type of film. <br /> <br /> Like Dreams, DKD is a bit upset about a Kurosawa movie, as delightful as it happens in the unreal. However, DKD is also, unlike Dreams, a great movie and probably my favorite Kurosawa photo. Why? Mainly, I think, are the colors. This was, I believe, Kurosawa's first color film, and the man saturates the film with vibrant primary colors, creating a completely unreal contemporary Japan. We are used to the neon lights and shimmering skyscrapers of Tokyo; we are not used to a city that seems to have been colored with crayons. <br /> <br /> DKD is, as I said, a particular film in that many of its characters live in a landfill, appearing to live in an alternative universe. This is, I think, the point: these are the outsiders of Tokyo, the people left behind during the big move forward after the Second World War. The film also represents one of Kurosawa's most heard films; there is an authentic feeling here and a true pathos (as when the boy's father describes their dream home). It is an incredibly moving film from a man best known for the breathtaking views and samurai of John Ford. Everyone should have known that Kurosawa had such a touching and stimulating film in him as this (Ikiru foreshadows the emotional resonance of this film in many ways). <br /> <br /> I will also argue, lastly, that this is Kurosawa's greatest success. His samurai films, even if capable of images, pale in comparison to the works of Kobayashi (Hara-kiri is the largest, most intelligent samurai film dedicated to celluloid). Rashomon, Hidden Fortress, Seven Samurai, Yojimbo, Sanjuro, Kagemusha and Ran are all good films, but they are simply good (and frankly, I think the word is too generous for Hidden Fortress and Kagemusha). DKD is a great film, as is Ikiru. They are the crown jewels that show that Akira was not a samurai pony. They reveal his artistic ability and his mastery in cinema.
