If there was anything that Akira Kurosawa was wrong in doing Dodes'ka-den, he did it with the partnership he had formed with the "four knights" (the other three were Kobayaski, Ichikawa and Konishita). They wanted a great success to start their partnership, and instead Kurosawa, probably the main cheese of the group, produced an abstract and humanist art film with characters living in a decimated slum that saw many of its characters face dark tragedies. If he had done it on a more independent basis or if he had gone to another studio who knows, but it was because of this, among other financial and creative problems, that he contributed to his suicide attempt in 1971. Yet in the end of the day, as an artist Kurosawa has not stopped offering what is famous for his dramas: the strengths of the human spirit in the face of adversity. Its context is a little more unusual than most should not be ignored, but it is not Kurosawa's fault at all. <br /> <br /> The material of Dodes'ka-den is absorbent, but not in ways that are usually found by the director, and mainly because it is driven by the character instead of the plot. There are things that happen to these people, and Kurosawa's challenge here is to weave them into a coherent whole. The character that begins in the picture, strangely (although luckily there is not much space to grow), is Rokkuchan, a child-man with a damaged brain that goes around all day making train sounds (the "click -clac "of the title), sometimes just stopping to pray for his mother. But then we told each other: there is the father and the son, the latter who scrutinizes restaurants for food and the first that goes on and on with site-specific descriptions of his dream home; an older man looks like death to him, and we learn later that he has lost much more than what he will tell most people, including a woman who has a past with him; a shy and quiet woman who works in slavery to her adoptive father (or uncle, I'm not sure), who violates her; and a mild boy in a suit that has a constant tick and a big bad wife - for those who are socially around. <br /> <br /> There are also small signs of people around these characters, like two drunks who keep tripping around every night, like a clock, putting a strain on their spouses, sometimes (involuntarily) exchanging them! And there is the kind street bicycle salesman who has a sweet but strange connection with the shy and quiet woman. And of course there is a group of gossiped women crouching around a hole in the center of the slum, having nothing too good to say about anyone unless it's something erotic with a boy. First of all, it is clear how Kurosawa sets the picture; it's a bit post-apocalyptic, not looking at a particular time or place (ie until we see modern cars and roads in a couple of shots). It is a marginalized society, but the concerns of these people are, however tragic, destined to be deconstructed through dramatic force. Like Bergman, Kurosawa is about to dissect people's broken emotions, with a scene in particular when the mortal-looking man who has empty and painful eyes sits and tugs in silence while a woman follows him. <br /> <br /> Sometimes there is charm, and even some laughter, to have with these people. I even appreciated, perhaps ironically, the small moments with Rokkuchan (in particular with Kurosawa's cameo as a painter on the street), or the embarrassing silences with the man with facial tics. But while Kurosawa gives his actors a little space to improvise, his camera movements remain as usual - patient but alert, with ample compositions and claustrophobic strokes, visions and pictorial faces sometimes with the stylization of a silent drama understood as a trail of tears. Among these sometimes bizarre and moving stories, with some of them (ie the father and son in the car) particularly sad, Kurosawa illuminates his film and draws the color scheme like his first in Eastmancolor as if it were one of his paintings . Lush, which extends, sometimes overturned, but always with a certain control, this place is not necessarily "lighter"; it is as if the abstract had arrived at full speed in the scene, where things seem vibrant but are much darker below. It is a brilliant and deceptive double-edged sword that allows dreamlike intonations with such heavy drama. <br /> <br /> With a sweet "film" score, Toru Takemitsu (also responsible for Ran), and some excellent performances by the actors, and some indelible scenes in a fantastic career, Dodes'ka-den is in his way a minor work of the director, but still perfect close to his own terms, which as in many Kurosawa films like Ikiru and Red Beard holds hard truths about the human condition without too many sentimentalisms.
