Lawrence Olivier and Merle Oberon have made two films together within two years. One is considered one of the great romantic films of all time, and the film that made Olivier a great movie star (and gave Oberon his best role in interpretation): HEIGHTS HEIGHTS. The other is this film, made in England a year earlier. THE DIVORCE OF LADY X is a romantic comedy (as WUTHERING HEIGHTS is a romantic tragedy). Olivier is a lawyer, Everard Logan, who is a dynamic lawyer, but he is also a total misogynist. One night he checked in at a hotel right in front of a crowd of people. It's a very foggy night (the kind of pea soup mist that London was known for until a "murderous" mist in the 1950s), and the crowd (who had attended a party at the hotel) needed beds. The management tries to convince Logan to allow one or two socialite women to sleep on a sofa and a sofa bed in their rooms, but he refuses. But he didn't come to terms with Merle Oberon as Leslie Steele. The niece of a High Court judge manages to get into Logan's rooms and manipulates him not only to consent to her sleeping there, but he appropriates her bed (he goes to the couch - much to his discomfort). <br /> <br /> The next day they share a breakfast, and in the little dialogue it is clear that, despite his distrust of women, Logan finds Leslie very attractive. But she refuses to give him her name. She is determined to learn more about him and finds her attitude towards exasperating women. Meanwhile, Logan is approached by a wealthy nobleman (Ralph Richardson as Lord Mere) as a potential client. Mere suspects his wife Lady Mere (Binnie Barnes) of having an affair. In fact, he tells Logan that his lady was with her lover at the hotel that Logan knew was in the night of fog. Logan (of course) jumps to the conclusion that Lady Mere was his mysterious roommate that night. I won't go into the plot anymore, except to say that Leslie finally realizes what a mistake Logan has made and decides to use it to teach him a lesson on women. <br /> <br /> The script has the feel of a Wodehouse novel, but is lighter. Still the representations of Olivier, Oberon, Richardson, Barnes and Morton Selden (like Oberon's grandfather) are all splendid. Show what a good cast can do even with the minimum of materials. Take a look at some of the minor scenes to understand what I mean: the first scene of Selden, who complains about his weak coffee with his butler / waiter, who tells him properly (they've been used to each other's characters for years). O Olivier takes care of a young clerk in his office, who is certain that there were two Lady Meres in the office two minutes before (they were there, but Oberon and Barnes left together), and ended up thinking that the poor clerk he was a simpleton. Or the hotel waiter who doesn't understand why the tenant in Olivier's room is constantly changing from man to woman to man. As I said, a slightly fascinating comedy - but it's very fascinating.
