Galaxy Express 999 (Ginga tetsudô Three-Nine). Made in 1979. Directed by Rintaro. Based on the original work by Leiji Matsumoto. <br /> <br /> Little known about the history of GALAXY EXPRESS 999, it was first published as a popular manga in the 1970s and was created by Leiji Matsumoto. GE999 is set in the same space universe as Star Wars as the other famous Matsumoto space manga: CAPTAIN HARLOCK. In fact the space pirate Harlock and other characters from that manga (including Queen Emeraldas and Tochirô Oyama) make appearances in GE999. GE999 was a hit as a manga and was soon followed by famous anime series that included over 100 episodes. It was broadcast in 1978. A year later this anime film arrived, which is not a sequel to the series, but summarizes the main points of the story in a two-hour movie. <br /> <br /> The plot is set in an unidentified Star Wars future, where traveling on different planets has become a possibility. People of the future can have mechanical bodies in which they can live hundreds of years, perhaps even forever. The protagonist, Tetsurô Hoshino, is a young boy who witnesses how a cruel Count Mecha, whose body is made of mechanical parts, kills Tetsurô's mother. Tetsurô swears revenge and is convinced that he can do it only by having a mechanical body. To get it he must travel to a distant planet with the Galaxy Express 999 space train. However, since Tetsurô comes from poverty, he has no money to get the expensive ticket. By chance coincidence he meets a beautiful young woman, Maetel, who looks like her dead mother. Maetel offers a ticket to Tetsurô on the condition that you accompany him on his journey. And so the journey begins ?? <br /> <br /> I saw this film for the first time last October, about six months from now, and again yesterday. I feel that I must first tell the thing that bothered me most in this film: it seems very rushed. Then again what do you expect from a 2-hour movie that you try to tell the highlights of over 100 series episodes? In any case, the situations change with a high speed and Tetsurô meets other important characters in the story mostly by pure chance. I think the producers should have left something or included 30 more minutes. <br /> <br /> However, it cannot be argued that GE999 deserved its place as a classic anime. The animation itself, very faithful to the Matsumoto manga style, is detailed and beautiful to look at. Even after almost 30 years since its release, the animation has not become "obsolete", but puts many anime films later in shame. The music through the film is pleasant to listen to even if a little "old" these days (they were basically the 70s). I have never heard any English dub of this film, so I can only comment on the good Japanese audio. The voice actors give life to their characters, the most memorable being Masako Nozawa (mainly known as Goku's voice through the entire Dragon Ball saga) as the excited young Tetsurô, and Masako Ikeda as the calm and mysterious Maetel. The supporting characters are not left in the shadows, but they also have a life of their own, the most memorable thing for me is the waitress Claire. <br /> <br /> The story itself is suitable both for those looking for entertainment for a couple of hours, and for those looking to find deeper messages. GE999 is a fun adventure film, but it can also be seen as Tetsurô's journey from childhood to manhood. The whole film is told from his point of view, so we are forced to feel what he feels. I think many people can identify with Tetsurô, because despite the elements of fantasy, he is a very realistic character: young, hot, clumsy and naive. We follow him as he begins to see the differences between humans and machines and comes to the conclusion whether or not he wants the mechanical body. Maetel on the other hand remains a mystery in the film and even at the end, when he reveals who and what he really is, he doesn't respond much to anything. Maetel can be seen as the dream of a growing young man, always close but just out of reach. <br /> <br /> It is the strange but beautiful relationship between Tetsurô and Maetel that still wakes up and talks and asks, and fascinates after decades. People have discussed whether their relationship is that of two friends, of mother and son, or of two possible lovers (who wakes up a lot of criticism since the age of Maetel is unknown and Tetsurô has not yet reached his puberty). Without any means to seem profound, I think the best term to describe them is "soul mate". There is no doubt that the two feel the devotion, care and mutual love, but it goes beyond that of friendship, family and lovers. I think that if their relationship were to be included in one of these categories, it would take something from the whole movie and characters. The final scene, even if you already know what will happen, is still very moving and memorable. <br /> <br /> All in all, despite the haste of the plot and some trivial scenes, GALAXY EXPRESS 999 maintains its place as a classic anime between films like AKIRA by Katsuhiro Otomo (1988) and GHOST IN THE SHELL by Mamoru Oshii (1995). The film is directed by Rintaro, who had previous experience with the works of Leiji Matsumoto as he had worked in the CAPTAIN HARLOCK series. Later, Rinatro directed a beautiful METROPOLIS (2001) which also questions the difference between man and machine. <br /> <br /> GALAXY EXPRESS 999 (1979) is a classic that should be seen at least once by every anime fan.
