I ran into this several years ago while the canal was sailing on a Sunday afternoon. Although it was obviously a poor television movie from the 70s, the direction and soundtrack were well done enough to catch my attention, and I was hooked and had to watch it until the end. Recently I had the opportunity to buy a foreign DVD of this film (oops, I didn't notice that one of the domestic ones was finally released a couple of months before), and was very happy to see it again (and in his entirety). <br /> <br /> I don't fully understand the phenomenon, but somehow the 70s seem to have a block on horror movies that are really scary. The decades before the 70s have produced some wonderful movies and most of our horror icons, but are they really scary? No not much. Likewise in the 70s we got more cool, more exciting horror films, with much better production values ​​and sophisticated special effects, they are more fun, fun, have effective "jump" moments and some very creative uses of gore, but still ... they're not really scary! There's just something in the atmosphere of the 70s horror movies. The quality of the grainy film. The dark and dark scenes are not illuminated by large high-tech lighting systems. The "edge of the land of dreams" attenuated the quality of the dialogue and the strange and narrow EQ scores. The strange sense of unease and ugliness that permeates everything. Anything that works to weaken most movies from the 70s, in the case of horror, works in its favor. <br /> <br /> In particular, in this film, the silent and intense shots of the devil dog staring at people is quite unnerving. All the more effective than if they had done the obvious way of having the dog growl, enslave and openly hostile ("Cujo"?). Filmmakers wisely save this for when the dog appears in its complete supernatural form. The effects when this happens, while not sophisticated by today's standards, gave me the creeps. The bizarre, vaguely defined, "I'm not quite sure of what I look at" seems intuitively seems to me more like a true supernatural vision, rather than the hyper-real, crystal clear optical printer / digital composer Packs of last-day horror movies. <br /> <br /> While the human characters in this film are not as satisfactorily rendered as their nemesis or the world they live in, the actors all do a decent job. The combination of the brother and sister of the "Witch Mountain" films like, yes, brother and sister, is a bit of a bit cheap acrobatic casting, but they are fine. Yvette Mimieux always manages to be fun if not spectacular. Richard Crenna gains more and more empathy from the public as the film progresses. His self-doubt, wondering if his family's extraneousness is really due to a supernatural plot or if he is simply surrendering to paranoid schizophrenia, is well managed, although his thought that getting a physical routine can provide an explanation for what he is experiencing is absurd in his naivety. <br /> <br /> The film's The-End-Question-Mark type ending is one of the only ones I've seen that doesn't seem like a cheap trick, and actually made me think about the choices these characters make they would face and what they could do and how they would feel about it. <br /> <br /> The detractors of this film could say that it is only a feature film for a few neas even bright retinal shots, but hello, you could say the same thing about "Blade Runner". :-)
