This 1953 Sam Fuller film contains some of his best work, and it is sad that he could not continue to get the support of the major Hollywood studios to do his thing. The plot is something like this. A tough and hard (read prostitute) is riding the subway on a hot summer day, and takes his wallet stolen from Skip McCoy. What Skip (and the lady) don't realize is that she's also carrying a microfilm to send to spies. This opening shot without dialogue, and especially in close-up close-ups, is a beauty, one of the many that Fuller uses in the film. Candy's role is Jean Peters, who has never been better or better. She forgets she is beautiful and takes care of this role very well. The Pickpocket is played by Richard Widmark, who had already left his mark, and set his style with Kiss Of Death in 1947 as the insinuating fool of creepy laughter, and although he is a little "softer" here, it's still scary . These characters with sharp edges have soft points here and there, but their noir is bad all the way down. The outstanding performance belongs to the wonderful Thelma Ritter, who plays Moe the stoolie saving the dough to pay for her own funeral. Ritter received a well-deserved Oscar nomination for his performance, but lost Donna Reed's boring but popular performance as girl B (see prostitute) in "From Here To Eternity". Hollywood loves when a good girl goes wrong and adores Oscar even though their performance is usually horrible. See for example Shirley Jones in "Elmer Gantry" Set in the docks and dives of New York City, with a clear black and white photograph of the great Joe MacDonald, and a good art direction, especially the set that represents the city of New York Metropolitan and the Widmark shack near the river, made at the height of the cold war and the red scare, the peasant of the piece is the ordinary comrade, played by Richard Kiley who is much more dangerous than the pickpocket who is a criminal but is alone trying to make a living and above all he is a faithful American.
