In what will probably be on my list of Fuller's best films (ie, once I see more of this and Shock Corridor), Pickup on South Street is a noir film in which the femme fatale, as well as the protagonist masculine, they are not the stereotypical ones of the genre. Like most of his other works, Fuller injects his own experiences and sense of New York style that is usually absent in Hollywood noir. With a limited budget, at least for characters like Darryl F. Zanuck-Fuller and his actors, they create characters that are also nice even in such a dark atmosphere. The good guys are basically the ones who will not become violent with you even if they are looking for an extra penny. <br /> <br /> Richard Widmark, Jean Peters and Thelma Ritter are all fantastic in the main parts. Widmark is one of the few actors I can think of who might have really made this character. It's a bit like Bugs Bunny, because it can be a wise donkey who is a bit sneaky. On the other hand, the character of Skip McCoy has a series of values ​​in his life. He does not enter the business of others, and does not try to worry about much of the business world outside his small river shack after being sent away for three years. Slipping, unbeknownst to him, when he picks a woman (Peters) on the train and raises an object that is under the eyes of the government. It could have secrets that could make it a lot of money. But at what cost is the focus of the film, since it involves the stoolie Moe (Ritter is one of the most beautiful and credible characters of the period), the woman's ex (a fickle Kiley) and the police department. <br /> <br /> In addition to the thematic elements, which are told in a dramatic and dramatic style (such as Fuller's previous position, together with the boxer), the dialogue is fresh and engaging. There is a spontaneity in many of Fuller's moves. And what a third act. This is a thin and tight noir film that is worth checking out even if you're not familiar with Fuller (it's relatively less bizarre than some of his later works).
