This film is a tiny Sam Fuller movie that gives Richard Widmark the chance to show off some of his best and most angular roles in the role of Skip McCoy, a small thief who runs into a military secret while picking up Candy's beautiful pocket (Jean Peters) on a crowded bus. It turns out that Candy was doing her (ex?) Boyfriend a favor, who is working for the "commies". <br /> <br /> Superficially, there is a mystery here regarding Candy's motifs and Skip spends much of the film determining her motives ??. In reality it seems that initially it assumes to be a "communist", arriving to the point of pouring the beer in the face in an insensitive gesture. But the real question is ?? what's going on with Skip? What are his motivations, and why does Candy love him so much? Why do we (the public) like him so much? Basically what the directors have done here is to create a very surprising "fatal male" in Widmark's character and in his interpretation. Just as the male audience tends to reflect throughout the length of a film like "The Big Sleep" or "The Glass Key" along with the main characters, whether the female character is reliable or just a pretty face, the directors have created here a similar dilemma for viewers. Widmark is beautiful, and is there also a fascination in his boyishness? but the first two times he meets our protagonist, he kidnaps her and then punches her in the face. In the end the question becomes ?? Skip would save so low as to sell off his country for a dollar (his comments to the police, like "are you waving a flag against ME?" Make us suspect he would do it) or is simply seeking revenge for the murder of the his friend Moe (Thelma Ritter)? I'm not sure the film will give us a definitive answer anyway. <br /> <br /> Does Thelma Ritter's character work deserve special mention? she has created a truly indelible character here. Fuller is not afraid to give her a lot of "business" ?? in the form of physical objects he uses to attract the public into his world, especially his used bonds. Another example of Fuller's "business" would be the scene with Victor Perry (an actor I saw elsewhere used with less effect) using chopsticks to intimidate Candy. <br /> <br /> The emphasis on Moe's relationship with Skip provides one of the most revealing themes of the "honor among thieves" of cinema. In fact, Skip has the same kind of facility and the same kind of casual relationship with the police, with the notable exception of Capt. Tiger (Murvyn Vye) who has a grudge against him. I loved the scene in which he invited the policemen by name and offered them a beer when they came to pick him up in his shack. Are those the kind of details that make this movie real? regardless of whether it is really "realistic" or that what matters are completely separate questions. <br /> <br /> All in all, I would say that this is an essential criminal film that shows many of the best and most enduring attributes of the "noir" film school. A predictable plot is off-set by a series of colorful characters (uniformly well executed), cheap sets are camouflaged by the inexorable rhythm of the film, and the final product seems much more consistent than it probably is. This is the best film I've seen so far from Sam Fuller and helps me see better why he is considered a director? here he did some things that I think he tried, but in the end he failed to do it in other films like "The Crimson Kimono" and "Shock Corridor" regarding very emphatic acting styles and really compelling suspense. Is this one of my favorite Widmark performances I've seen so far? and Widmark was a talent I am tempted to say (based on the few extraordinary films I saw with him) that was comparable to that of Alan Ladd or Humphrey Bogart, although he probably didn't make so many classic films.
