'Shock Corridor (1963) was my first Samuel Fuller film, and I was impressed by the director's astute fusion between B-movie and big-budget aesthetics, even if the story itself was pure schlock. "Pickup on South Street (1953)" was published a decade earlier in Fuller's career, obviously produced on a larger budget by a big-name studio, Twentieth Century-Fox. However, the images are still remarkable as there is a somewhat crude and naturalistic element for photography, not unlike "La notte e la città" by Dassin (1950) and "Panic in the Streets" by Kazan (1950 ). by the director of photography Joe McDonald}. In some scenes, Fuller pushes the camera so close to the faces of the actors who are out of focus, bluntly recording the intimate thoughts, emotions and brief inflections that are communicated through the most revealing of facial features, the eye. Although (unexpectedly) inclined to melodrama and with only a hint of anti-communist propaganda, "Pickup on South Street" is a strong film noir that succeeds exceptionally in its evocation of setting ?? the underground of New York. <br /> <br /> When the just-out-of-prison pickpocket Skip McCoy (Richard Widmark) grabs a woman's bag on the subway (Jean Peters), he sacks more of him than he originally contracted. The woman, Candy, and her cowardly ex-boyfriend Joey (Richard Kiley) were smuggling top secret information to the communists, and McKoy unexpectedly recovered an important roll of micro-movies. Will it transform the MacGuffin to the competent authorities or will it sell it to the highest bidder? If 'Pickup on South Street' has a flaw, it is that the story seems designed exclusively to support an anti-communist agenda, stinking of propaganda like nothing from World War II (Dwight Taylor, who provided the story, also wrote in particular) The Thin Man Goes Home (1944), "the only propaganda film in the series}. For no apparent reason, any identifiable character ?? even the smug self-serving of Skip McCoy ?? in the end he becomes a sacrificial patriot, the predictable transformation from the beginning. In the traditional noir film, the unrepentant criminal always gets his punishment, rational punishment for his sins, but apparently not when they served their country; patriotism cleans the board. <br /> <br /> Richard Widmark, an actor I am really beginning to appreciate, plays the arrogant pickpocket with composure, though always with that hint of malaise that suggests he is biting more than he can chew. The opening scene on the train is the best in the film, while McCoy catches his breath and silently in his victim's bag, recalling Bresson's "Pickpocket (1959)". Thelma Ritter is formidable as a tired street woman who will distribute information to anyone who is willing to pay for it (although, of course, she takes the line at Commies). Jean Peters is well interpreted as the scruffy woman who passes information on the other side, interpreting the role almost completely devoid of charm; According to Fuller, the actress noted that she had the slightly upright leg of a prostitute. However, Peters has to endure an inventive romance with Widmark that really breaks down the film's attempts at realism. Fascinating, at its release, "Pickup on South Street" was promptly condemned as communist propaganda by the FBI, and the Communist Party condemned it for being exactly the opposite. Go figure.
