This epic of Cecil B. DeMille of the old West contains what could be Jean Arthur's best performance, as a hysterical, eccentric, incurably amoral, but devoutly adoring Calamity Jane. He really brought it out! Gary Cooper is the most taciturn, but handles some occasional concise sayings: "The plains are large, but the paths cross ... at times". History is a mess to put an end to all pastiches. All the cowboy heroes of the western tradition seem to be in there, except Jesse James. Even Abraham Lincoln opens the story in person (or at least, DeMille would like us to believe so). There is no room for something as subtle as evanescent, this is a "face-to-face" story for the masses. A remarkable thing about this film is that it is a very initial frontal attack on what Eisenhower should have called "the military industrial complex". It's not just a story of gunmen, but of arming anyone for money, and doing it from the heart of Washington. But let's not get into politics, let's leave it to DeMille, which can be guaranteed superficial. The main interest of this film over all these years is that it uses the first soundtrack composed by George Antheil, who has a lot to say about the work in his autobiography, "Bad Boy of Music". Antheil seems to have originated "the great sound" adopted by all subsequent westerners, in which the plains sing with the voices and sounds of countless cowboys in the sky, celebrating open spaces and intertwining common melodies. That's why it doesn't sound unusual at all, because we've listened to it thousands of times. But he seems to have been the first to collect the combined rustles of all the wise brush in this symphony of open skies that entered the American mythical tradition, and gave him a soundtrack that has never changed since then, however trivial be, but certainly appropriate. It's fun to see Anthony Quinn in a first appearance as an Indian Cheyenne. Gabby Hayes is there somewhere, but you miss the crowd. Gary Cooper surpasses them all, looming - but when did he ever cash in small?
