Sam Fuller's excellent film PICK UP ON SOUTH STREET is the group's choice of some of the early 1950s of low-budget noir vehicles influenced by the cold war. With a duration of less than 80 minutes, PICK UP ON SOUTH STREET is tough, gritty, explosive and infinitely fun. <br /> <br /> Widmark plays the pickpocket Skip McCoy, who has already been picked up three times. Yet McCoy can't keep his wandering fingers out of trouble - and the trouble is exactly what he slips into when he grabs the gangster's Candy (Jean Peters) wallet. Candy's wallet contains a roll of priceless microfilm for the communist movement, and it's her latest job for ex-boyfriend Richard Kiley to make the delivery. However, when Widmark raises it, Peters must do everything necessary to claim the film of which (initially) he knows nothing. <br /> <br /> It's a tasty set-up, with the character of Widmark, while it's not the psycho of KISS OF DEATH, a real live-wire, unpredictable and hard, but curiously fascinating. When Bogart or Mitchum played a noir film, you knew what you would get: a solitary anti-hero who maintained his moral integrity and earned his money (Bogart), or a boy who is too laconic to be dragged into a trap (Mitchum ). With Widmark you don't know exactly what you'll get and with his incredibly modern acting style (his films always hold up well) it's incredible to watch. Here it is divided between making a great soundtrack by selling the movie, or handing it over to the police and fighting the "Commies" on the right side of the law. And he still has to pretend he never beat Peters to avoid the fatal fourth rap on his paper. <br /> <br /> Peters has his best role as Candy moll-with-a-heart-of-gold. The unpredictability of Widmark is perhaps best expressed in his scenes with Peters; the magnificent vagabond quickly (and rather incredibly - the romantic corner is rather hasty) falls under the spell of Widmark, yet Widmark alternates between kissing her or slapping her. The angular beauty of Peters, but the lack of a too lacquered Hollywood glamor (Lana Turner would never have worked well in this role), is a great resource for the film. Candy is not innocent, yet she is very vulnerable, constantly passed and slapped by men. The Widmark puts her cold at the first meeting and the alarm clock by pouring a beer on her face, but with the final act she is much more tender with her (after doing a somersault from Kiley). The hospital scene with Peters and Widmark should not work, but it is. <br /> <br /> Thelma Ritter is as brilliant as the slut Moe, deserving of her Oscar nomination. Ritter's performance, like everything else in the film, is gritty, real and heartbreaking. His death scene is amazing. Fuller's camera movements and position settings are particularly interesting. Fuller loved a good close-up, and PICK UP ON SOUTH STREET is full of unpleasant, secluded shots that only increase the tension of the plot. Fuller isn't afraid to let the camera linger on a shot any longer than the Old-Hollywood standard allows, but it comes off incredibly from the scene of Ritter's death to give the audience the maximum impact. Urban settings and unusual framing angles offer PICK UP ON SOUTH STREET, a bold and uncompromising modern look. <br /> <br /> 10/10.
