Samuel Fuller is certainly not one of the great American directors. I'm not sure he qualifies as one of the great Hollywood artisans. But it certainly sits there with the best Hollywood professionals who were willing to march on their music. During the time he worked for Hollywood studios, he knew how to take on an assignment, shape the average material that was delivered to him and then quickly and efficiently transform it into something usually better than his parts ... in time and in budget. The pickup on South Street is an example. On the surface it is one of the Hollywood anti-Commie films of the early fifties, complete with references to patriotism, a hard-boiled hero and a slimy (and copiously sweaty) slimy guy. Fuller turns this bag of Hollywood clichés into a tense and exciting drama with any number of off-kilt twists. The hero, Skip McCoy, is a loser three times, a little crook with soft fingers who doesn't change his stripes until the end. The caper girl, Candy, has a level of virtue that would be easy to overcome if you are so inclined. One of the most attractive characters, Moe Williams, is a stoolie. And in an unusual approach to the Battle of Hollywood against Commies, appeals for patriotism fall on deaf ears; the hero is not motivated by anything so ennobling. He just wants the reimbursement for a personal reason, and ends up becoming ... at least for now ... a good guy. <br /> <br /> Furthermore, all the actors were assigned mostly to Fuller from the studio. He had to make do. Richard Widmark had by now established his presence as an actor and protagonist, but Jean Peters is a surprise. It gives a beautiful portrait of a sexy and stupid woman, and no better than her boyfriend friends ... or her clients ... they want her to be. And Richard Kiley, who would later become a Tony Award winner on Broadway twice, is definitely slippery and cowardly. It is difficult to remember that it was the actor who inflicted us, I intend to introduce ourselves, "The Impossible Dream" by Man of La Mancha, <br /> <br /> More than anything else, this story of a pickpocket taking a handbag in a subway car and finds itself with microfilmed secrets instead of money, pursued by the feds and communists, proceeding straight ahead with great economy. The entire company, with a classic noir look, takes only 80 minutes to tell. The dialogue, with Fuller as a screenwriter, has that banal, partly pungent, party style of pulp hard-boiled fiction. "That muffin you wiggled ... it's okay," a character tells Skip about Candy. Fuller moves us quickly enough from one scene to another to make us cling to what comes next. Then Fuller launches into the character of Moe Williams. All of a sudden the story reaches a new level of interest, a part of relief from the comedy and a part of sad inevitability. <br /> <br /> The thing I like most about the film is how openness exemplifies Fuller's talents and strengths. In 2 minutes and 15 seconds, starting immediately after the credits, Fuller is able to immediately turn on the film, to establish for us what the story is about and to show us what kind of characters - Skip and Candy - we "with whom he will be involved, and he does it with so much seductive curiosity in that warm and full underground wagon that we can almost hear Fuller making the hook to take us. <br /> <br /> Says Glenn Erickson, in my opinion one of the best film critics , "In what should be an irrelevant story, Sam Fuller defines his particular vision of Americanism from the bottom up: rigid, aggressive personal interest which, when fully expressed, recognizes what is wrong and what is right and he is not afraid to fight for it. As always in his work, the people who fight the hardest for their country are the ones who are least likely to benefit from the effort. "He is right, and makes a film still vivid after 55 years.
