"Pickup On South Street" is a high-speed drama about a small criminal of the time who suddenly finds himself involved in the activities of a group of communists. The action is presented in a very direct and dynamic style and the momentum is maintained thanks to brilliant editing. The use of a wide variety of different camera angles and effective close-ups also contributes to the overall impression of constant movement and vitality. Samuel Fuller's directing style and Joseph MacDonald's cinematography are excellent and there are many scenes that through their composition and lighting produce a strong sense of mood and atmosphere. <br /> <br /> Ace pickpocket and recidivist Skip McCoy (Richard Widmark) enters deep water when he steals a wallet from a young woman named Candy (Jean Peters) on the New York subway. She was used by her ex-boyfriend Joey (Richard Kiley) to make a delivery to one of her contacts in a communist organization unknown to her, she was bringing US government microfilm-recorded secrets. Two FBI agents had followed Candy and witnessed the theft. One of the agents keeps his back to Joey's apartment and the other, Zara (Willis Bouchey), visits police captain Dan Tiger (Murvyn Vye). Zara explains that the FBI followed Candy for several months as part of the search for a communist group leader. <br /> <br /> To identify the pickpocket, Tiger calls a "stoolie" called Moe (Thelma Ritter) who after receiving a precise description of the "cannon" work method makes a list of eight possible suspects. Once Tiger sees Skip's name in the list, he is immediately convinced that he is the man they have to track down and sends two detectives to arrest him. When Skip is taken to Tiger's office, Zara tells him about the microfilm and Tiger offers to give up any charges if he cooperates with the investigation. Skip is irreverent and arrogant. He clearly does not trust Tiger and denies all knowledge of theft in the subway. <br /> <br /> Joey orders Candy to find out who stole the microfilm and then retrieves it. Candy pays Moe for Skip's address and when Skip comes back from being questioned by Tiger, she finds Candy looking in her house and knocking her out before stealing her money. When resuming, Skip requires the payment of $ 25,000 for the microfilm. He tells Joey about Skip's question and Joey's boss gives him a gun and orders him to retrieve the microfilm by the following evening. <br /> <br /> Skip and Candy are attracted to each other and it is because of their unstable developing relationship that a medium evolves thanks to which they are able to shake off the attentions of the police . It soon becomes clear, however, that solving the issues with the communist gang will only be achieved by more direct action. <br /> <br /> The depictions of Skip, Candy and Moe as characters that populate a squalid world in which they are forced to face considerable risks on a daily basis are powerful and convincing. <br /> <br /> Moe's work as a police informer depends on his knowledge of the people in his community, but even those people know what he is doing and some of them might seek their revenge at any time. She seems to be smart and streetwise, but she also has her vulnerable side as she describes herself as "an old clock going down" and saves money to be able to have a decent burial in an exclusive cemetery on Long Island. Her conviction that "every dollar has its own meaning" leads her to sell any information regardless of danger, friendships or principles and yet there is an opportunity in which she refuses and this turns out to be fatal. Thelma Ritter's performance certainly earned the Oscar nomination for her role. <br /> <br /> Skip is a violent criminal without any concern for his victims and having been convicted three times in the past, he lives under the constant threat of being imprisoned for life if convicted again. Despite this, he still continues with his criminal activities and strangely, it is purely philosophical when Moe betrays his fate and then, later, also ensures that Moe receives the type of burial he has enjoyed so much. Candy is an ex-prostitute and someone whose activities constantly endanger her, but behind the hardened exterior a warmer side becomes more and more evident. Widmark and Peters are both perfect for their roles and Ritter portrays the different facets of their personalities with great style and conviction.
