Pickup On South Street is one of the most brilliant films ever made. An example of the direction: when Candy (Jean Peters) starts passing through her purse and notices that her wallet is not present, she takes an alarm in the background in the building she is in - as if it were an alarm in her head . It's not a cartoon - it's subtly woven into the background in a way that hits you at the subconscious level until you've seen the movie a few times and simply "clicks" that there is an alarm bell that goes off when starts frantically passing through his bag. <br /> <br /> Richard Widmark is on top of his game as a smart-alec - it's really fantastic - but the main performance of the film was the first scene of "Moe", the peddler / informant, played by Thelma Ritter. Later, in his apartment, you won't see a movie - you're seeing a real person. I've never seen anyone "act" so real that I felt like I was looking into a real room until Ritter's performance - until the way his hair stuck out a little when he took off his hat. <br /> <br /> About a million other things * worked, * by the way Lightning Louie collects money with his wands for the way Candy's jewels flow when he touches Moe's hand from his brooch , to the way Moe gets the dollars and the change from the police captain on the FBI's chest - and even the way the captain opens his file, as if he'd been doing it in that room for many years. "Pickup On South Street" are detailed moves (direction) with consummate performances (recitation) and superb images of the day nostalgic for the day, such as the panel, the boards that lead to the cabin on the water, the elevator, - and the unforgettable place Skip hides his pockets. Wonderful things. <br /> <br /> "Pickup On South Street" is also one of the few films in which, even if the characters are not perfect, you worry about them - perhaps because they were somehow branded by their past in ways which are hard to escape: Jump as a "three times loser" and Candy as a young woman who "threw" a lot. When these people behave a little more badly than you would expect, it's in some sort of new way that makes you look like you're looking at people you might never imagine otherwise, and yet you know they are possible because the actors make them so recognizable human.
