After the failure of "The Crusades" at the box office, Cecil B. DeMille stopped making films about non-American history. His films for the next thirteen years concerned our story from Jean Lafitte to World War II (Dr. Wassell). The first in order of production was this film, with Gary Cooper in the role of Wild Bill Hickok, with Jean Arthur as Calamity Jane. James Ellison was Buffalo Bill, John Miljan (not a villain as usual) was General George A. Custer, and Anthony Quinn was one of the Indians fighting in Little Big Horn. The villains were led by Charles Bickford (selling weapons to the Indians) and Porter Hall as Jack McCall (who killed Wild Bill Hickok). Basically the film takes up the history of the United States after the Civil War. Lincoln is shown at the beginning talking about what the next step is now that Lee has surrendered. Lincoln talks about the need to protect the West (more on this later). Then he announces that he has to go to the theater. That April 14 must have been very busy for Abe - in "Virginia City" grants forgiveness to Errol Flynn at the request of Miriam Hopkins on the same day. <br /> <br /> Actually, while Lincoln was concerned about the West, his immediate reflections on the last day of his presidency concerned the reunification of former confederate states and their citizens in the Union as soon as possible. It was Reconstruction to occupy his attention, not the West (except the problems of Maximilian and his French forces controlled in Mexico against Juarez). But he had been involved in real problems with the West. In 1862 he disgraced General John Pope, the loser of Second Manassas, in Minnesota to put down a serious Indian war by the Sioux (the subject of McKinley Kantor's novel, "Sprit Lake". The Pope, incompetent against Lee and Jackson, turned out to be quite effective here, and the revolt was destroyed. <br /> <br /> However, with all of Lincoln's real attention to Western problems, it is doubtful that he says (as Cooper repeats at least once), "The frontier should There is nothing to say that he could not have said, but it is not a profound statement by a leading statesman. As if to say, Teddy Roosevelt said:" Make a good breakfast every morning for your health ". It is not a profound statement of politics, it is, at best, a recognizable factual statement: Cooper turns it into a minor mantra, like Lincoln's version of Monroe Doctrine, it's ridiculous ... typical of the way referred to the DeMille scripts they really have common sense mistakes in them. <br /> <br /> However, this is not a m istake istake. "The Plainsman" is an adventure film, and as such has the full benefit of DeMille, the creator of film shows. This is why it is worth looking at. But not like a textbook on Lincoln's political ideas or his legible legacy.
