Kim Basinger plays the role of Della, a housewife who has two twin sons (Terri and Tammi - played by Luke Gair and Erika-Shaye Gair) and a violent idiot for a husband (Kenneth), played by Craig Sheffer. <br /> <br /> The film opens on Christmas Eve. Kenneth is coming home from work, also driving a nice car. It is on his mobile that he discusses with a business partner I suppose. When he returns home, he sees that the floor is a mess with shoes and toys scattered all around. This distresses him even more and he takes it with his wife, Della, asking her why the house is always a mess. He puts it against the wall. The twin's watch from the stairs. He punches the wall, leaving a hole and walks away. He takes care of the children, trying to comfort them. After all this has been said, he needs to go to the mall to do last-minute shopping and because he is out of the gift wrap. She arrives and parking is full because there is a lot of last minute customers there. While looking for a parking space, notice a car that takes up two spaces and this bothers her. He finally finds a place to park, he heads for the crawler car and leaves a note under the windshield wiper calling the owner like a "selfish idiot". Then he goes to the mall to make his last purchases. <br /> <br /> When he finally leaves the mall, he is closing and many people have already left. However, it is not the car owner who left the note and she notices it as she goes to her vehicle. He also realizes that the note he left under the windshield wiper is no longer there. Odd. When he arrives at his vehicle, enter to start. She notices a car approaching her behind and blocks her from backing out. He gets out of the car only to be confronted by the car owner (Chuckie - played by Lukas Haas) who left the ticket and a team of his delinquent friends. The result is a scream and a mall cop (no, not Paul Blart) makes his way to them to see what the problem is, just to blow his brain out of Chuckie's head. As this happens, Della jumps into her vehicle, starts it and drives over the median in front of her. Chuckie and his posse jump in the car and hunt. Della ends up crashing his vehicle into a pile of logs in a residential complex, but she is unharmed. He manages to reach the back of his vehicle, opens the saloon and grabs a toolbox before the thugs arrive. <br /> <br /> That said, Della spends the rest of the night trying to run out and out of the only thugs armed with the tools she has in her toolbox as weapons. The first kill, in my opinion, is the best. The first killing that Della performs anyway. The last one was probably the weakest and should have been the best considering this was the bad villain he was doing. <br /> <br /> I have to admit that there will be some who postpone the finale and I was disappointed too. Overall it was a fun movie and moves nicely in the execution time of 1 hour and 20 minutes.
