WARNING, SPOILER! <br /> <br /> Many people have told me that "Planet of the Apes" was Tim Burton's worst film and, apart from that, much weaker than the original film. So I decided not to see it. Another friend of mine who had not seen the film yet, advised me to watch it despite this "a Tim-Burton film is still a Tim-Burton film". I decided to do it, and discovered that he was right. <br /> <br /> It is clear that a remake of a film as famous as "Planet of the Apes" is automatically influenced by commercial thinking. Still, Tim Burton managed his film to represent his bizarre playfulness as well as "Beetlejuice" or "Batman". If you already like Burton's films, it's hard not to love one of his films, even if it has some flaws: nervous monkey-like squeaks, over-dressed monkeys and a main actor that could have been easily replaced by someone else. <br /> <br /> What the film offers us in the first place is an answer to the question: what is the result when Tim Burton is ordered to create a remake? First of all, Burton wouldn't be Burton, if he didn't refuse to call it a remake from the beginning; it is a "re-imagination". On the other hand, Burton knows that almost all the spectators of his film saw the first film version played by Charlton Heston (as a human), and he knows that a remake does not exist without his model and that the two films will not stop being compared So all he does is play with this confrontation in every moment of his film, e. g. referring to the quotation marks. As for the plot, Burton does a brilliant job answering open questions from the original first, and then pushes the entire audience to despair by destroying this wonderful clarity and finishing the film with ?? AND HERE DO YOU SPOILER? Leo returns to earth and finds himself in a world that seems to have been ruled by monkeys forever. <br /> <br /> Now, this is the burtonesque answer to the expectations of the people they maintain because of the surprising, shocking ending of the first "Planet of the Apes". A final, even more unexpected, more surprising and: completely confused, why ?? and here I disagree with various Planet of the Apes home pages and platforms ?? It makes no sense. There can be no meaning, or just such a complicated one that it becomes ineffective. Tim Burton is playing his cruel games, he does it with a smile and does it well. Burton fans will surely like it, others may feel betrayed and complain of a sort of mannerism. Well, don't I think the producers will ever ask Burton to re-do a remake ??
