Gordon Parks, the prolific black photographer of Life magazine, has created a real movie ticking moment here - one that is no joke! Based on the true story of two New York cops - later nicknamed Batman and Robin - who employed diligent radical tactics to clean up their drug district, this is a film familiar to the cop before that term became a repetitive formula. Lightning pace, there is no irrelevant scene of no importance here. <br /> <br /> The man, in the early 1970s, New York had to be a terrible place to be a police officer, looking like movies like this and "Serpico". These two policemen begin as debutants of the security division, smashing plainclothes smugglers in their spare time. But instead of receiving applause from the city police department, they receive nothing but resistance and antagonism from their peers. They have to navigate alone in a minefield of police and legal corruption, headlong assignments to keep them away from their work in the streets, ruthless drug bosses and a bad ghetto neighborhood. <br /> <br /> Both David Selby and Ron Leibman are great on leashes; part of the fun is looking at Leibman's eyes whizzing madly through every scene in what is an impeccable comic performance, and Selby's acting is low-key and ironic. These two make all the aspects of the comedy plot work - showing a palpable frustration mixed with grit and determination. Director Parks, who was already known for his coverage of controversial subjects in his photography, does not avoid the pettiness of the story. Rather, the film is uncompromising in the portrait of the tenacity of the police world and the street criminals that these two men inhabit. To this realism is added the fact that the real Hantz and Greenberg acted as technical consultants for the film, and even appear in surreal camei roles as two official colleagues who ridicule the protagonists. It is a real tribute to the efficacy of Parks' direction that manages to perfectly balance this depressing mileu with a brilliant comedy. <br /> <br /> Why has MGM / UA left this place on the shelf for 30 years - barely giving is a home video or DVD version in the US? It is a small masterpiece of the 70s.
