First there was Crash, there was this interesting film called the Grand Canyon. Released about 14 years before the previous film, the Grand Canyon was a film about two people from different backgrounds who meet as friends for life. Crash was still a bit better for me, but the Grand Canyon wasn't even a crack. <br /> <br /> In Los Angeles, a top class lawyer named Mack (Kevin Kline) takes a shortcut through the most terrifying side of town just to have his car break down at the worst time. Call a tow truck, and have to wait a while, just to be soon threatened by a group of dangerous people who want his car. Soon the driver of the trucker arrives at the right time, and the Simon (Danny Glover) steps out to take the truck away. Both men are threatened, but Simon manages to get himself, Mack and the car from terrible difficulties. It is from here onwards that a friendship develops between the two men throughout his life with Mack helping Simon, just as Simon had helped him get out of a dangerous situation before. See Simon's sister, Deborah (Tina Lifford), living in a dangerous neighborhood with her two children, and she fears for her eldest son who seems to wander the streets at night with bad people. Mack offers them a better place to live, as well as hooking Simon with his secretary friend Jane's (Alfre Woodard). <br /> <br /> This is the main plot of the film, but there are other smaller storylines that involve the aforementioned secretary (Mary Louise Parker) and Mack's wife (Mary McDonnel) discovering a child abandoned shortly after their son Roberto (Jeremy Sisto in his first film role) went to the field for the summer, and will probably get on with his own life soon. The details of all these plots are brought together in a complex film that uses a police helicopter as a metaphor for life and as a bridge to weave all the scenes. This simple plot device works very well and greatly helps the flow of history. <br /> <br /> Director Lawrence Kasdan, whose biggest film to date has been The Big Chill, has created a splendid film here. The cast is excellent, and most of the ideas are well thought out, but unfortunately it is not up to reality because some points, which would have made the film even stronger, are overlooked. The story involving the secretary is one, and the second involving Simon's nephew is the other. These scenes should have been more distant from the whole story, and therefore perhaps the visions of Lawrence Kasdan on the life between the upper and lower classes would have been more on a higher level rather than just very good. Still Grand Canyon has exceeded expectations, and yes, you will see a view of the canyon that this film took its name. There is also a small role for Steve Martin as Davis, a producer of violent films, who offers his views on life, and has a small role to play in the ideas of this film.
