Many of the comments people made to me struck me (sorry) for not understanding the point. Kasdan wants to present life simply, ordinary life. History structured in a conventional way, in which the characters have insights that change their lives, and then vanish, the music on, and the film is finished, is absorbed into this much larger canvas. Several characters in this film have these very lights, and then they go on. Sometimes they can keep their intuitions, sometimes they can't, and that's the way life really is. In other words, does Kasdan hurl the conventional dramatic structure in favor of an exploration of the persistence of life ?? there is no happy ending, only a final ending; and everything before it's still in progress, still up for grabs ?? and, if you absolutely insist on a theme, an exploration of the role of the miraculous in our lives. What is a miracle? Well, life itself, to begin with. So add all the random accidents and cross connections that make up a life, or several interconnected lives, and you have miracles for the dilemma. Kasdan emphasizes this theme lightly, rather than insisting on it, and strengthens it in various ways, the most memorable from the device, right in the center of the film, of having Mac and his wife lying in bed, each dreaming of their dreams but in addition to showing, later in the film, how those dreams have the power, in the film, to shape reality. This is not a movie with an easy or obvious message. You just have to let it play in front of you, and then let it rest in your mind for a few days, a month, a few years, and see what it did there. This is, without a doubt, the best film of Kasdan, its most mature, the most human. An important meditation on the life of one of our most talented writers and directors. The tragedy is, of course, that he was not allowed to work for a number of years, mainly due to the study's constraints on "Dreamcatcher". We hope we didn't hear the last of Larry Kasdan. A great film by a great artist. Keep in mind that art does not have to completely rationalize to succeed.
