If you really want to know how most of the actors and directors of the Hollywood scene "made it" where they are, the vast majority will tell you (assuming they will say) that a strange coincidence has occurred. They happened to meet the right people at the right time and get into the right project that led to other connections and other projects. Quinten Tarrantino attended an acting course whose instructor knew Harvey Keitel. Kevin Spacey raised a step on the stage from a sleeping old woman to a famous playwright's conference who helped him get an important role. And Robin Williams attributes his career to the son of Gary Marshall who, after seeing "Star Wars", suggested to his father that an alien should visit the Cunninghams of "Happy Days". These coincidences, often seen as pure luck, shape many of Hollywood's careers today. Or is it pure luck? Is it possible that something else is happening? "Grand Canyon" written and directed by Lawrence Kasdan, proposes a completely different explanation for the inexplicable, alias the strange miraculous coincidence. The film is about many different characters whose lives intersect due to positive yet unexplained events. <br /> <br /> Kevin Kline, a middle-aged father, experiences a break in one of the most dangerous areas of Los Angeles. After calling a tow truck, a young gang approaches him. They threaten violence if they don't leave their car. Just before the fight can intensify, Danny Glover looks like the truck driver and dampens the band's intentions. Although Glover denies it later, he probably saved Kline's life. A producer (Steve Martin) of cheap violent films is shot in the leg and has a spiritual experience after the protections. Then he announces his retirement from the production of blood and cold blood entertainment. And Kline's wife, Clair (Mary McDonnell), while jogging in the morning, finds a little girl hidden in some foliage. He claims that the child was crying for her and that her "rescue" of the child was preordained. <br /> <br /> The film further explores the results of these strange connections that lead to further relationships, the end of relationships and new beginnings. And all the while, a strange homeless person appears throughout the film as if it were somehow connected to everything that's happening. <br /> <br /> It is very rare in Hollywood, or for cinema in general, to explore a purely esoteric subject. There are some moments that seem somehow incredible, but maybe that's the point. What makes the film work is the superb acting of the cast. Although miracles and coincidences may seem far-fetched, actors make you believe that they are experiencing these new realities. Perhaps this is a topic we should explore more often.
