I revisited the Grand Canyon earlier this year, when I decided to invent one of the ten best lists of the 90s. I saw the film for the first time when I was 17. How did I find out about this? It was reviewed and highly recommended by Siskel & Ebert in 1991, and I finally took it on video a year later. <br /> <br /> It's a great movie, a powerful film, a healing film, about listening power, really listening to each other. I've seen it six times and it amuses me and inspires me with every subsequent vision. But why the negative reviews for this film? Maltin's film guide gives two out of four. Too melodramatic, too much coincidence, too mushy, are the expressions I read the most. Yes, there is melodrama in this story, and yes, there is also a lot of coincidence. But it carries with an intensity and strength that seems flexible. For all the "plot" that exists in the Grand Canyon, like car shootings, a police chase, an earthquake, a love story, the discovery of a little girl in the bushes, another shooting, a near accident with a new driver and worldly advice from a homeless, this movie wins because of the clever performances of Kevin Kline, Steve Martin, Mary McDonnell, Alfre Woodard, Danny Glover and Jeremy Sisto. It also happens thanks to the skillful direction and writing of Lawrence Kasdan. You know this is not just another movie when you consider a sequence at the beginning of the film that involves Kevin Kline being tormented by four young blacks. Danny Glover plays a trailer truck driver who assists Kline's character, but not before he too is harassed by the group leader. Listen to the dialogue while the child suggests to Glover: "Are you afraid of me because of me or because I have a gun?" <br /> <br /> The Grand Canyon is full of one perceptive scene after another. Steve Martin should have been named as best supporting actor as a film producer, who changed his mind and then changed his mind. I think his character is a warning that "the good" can bring us forward, that idealism is a virtue, but that we must constantly struggle rather than depend. <br /> <br /> I fear that the Grand Canyon may be lost forever in the wilds of new versions in the video store. But with offers now on older versions starting at 99 cents, I ask anyone who has read up to this point a review by a reviewer who will thank you after renting it, the Grand Canyon is something special. If you love Magnolia, another film with a great ensemble on deeply humanistic themes, you'll also love the Grand Canyon.
