I can't say how the film closely follows the novel, having never read the book, but since this watch lasts about six and a half hours, it's a good bet that most of the base is covered or, at least, we can say with a certain certainty that this is not a condensed version of Reader's Digest. <br /> <br /> Production values ​​are high, well above the standards of other classic BBC series such as Inspector Morse and Sherlock Holmes. We can believe that Dickens's London seemed, played and thought very similar to this one. There are some occasional minor falls - some sportsmen who shoot a pistol with a percussion cap in 1840 or 1820 or whenever this has taken place. <br /> <br /> Even the acting should be applauded. Suzanne Burden is the polite and honest heroine who goes about doing good. She is also pretty, in a mature way, her beauty in her compassionate nature and not in coquetry. Denholm Elliott is his guardian (and more than that, apparently). Burden and Elliott are two of the very few characters who are unequivocally good. Another is a former sergeant forced to do evil by evil people. Another is a poor and helpless boy. <br /> <br /> I don't think anyone else could have written this. It has all the appearance of Dickens: poverty, tragic deaths, capitalism in the raw, the generous rich in his fenced house, the hidden kinship, the dark reasons and the impotence or real wickedness of the judicial system. Well, not the judicial system as a whole, but the chancellery, which evidently was a court that decided to deal with the distribution of the property. (So ​​I gather from Wikipedia.) He became so notoriously stiff and dilatory that he was completely revamped in England in 1973. Twice, the character of Elliott describes him as "a curse". The most impressive scene involves a scrupulous creditor chasing a retired soldier in the latter's gym during a fencing lesson. The sergeant is more masculine in the traditional sense than any other male character I remember of Dickens. The lender of money and apoplectic renter is screaming threats from his seat and the sergeant turns to him and does a delicate exercise with the saber after the other, each advance brings him closer to his tormentor, while the old creditor with the scarlet face sit back in his seat. <br /> <br /> A couple of things are missing. Often Dickens will attack at least one or two funny lines of dialogue. ("Humbug!" Or "The law is a donkey".) Not here. "Bleak" house is the right title. Second, there are practically no Weberian "ideal types" - no Mr. Micawbers or Artful Dodgers or Scrooges. Third, the atmosphere, the whole ethos, is inexorably sad. A tribulation follows another, usually dealing with money or some shameful sin of the past. My God, it's depressing. It is as if the author was venting his spleen on everything he hated in the world he knew. Poverty, ok KNOWS about poverty. But one wonders what the chancellery did to Dickens to deserve this kind of treatment. <br /> <br /> Maybe I should add that I just saw the first episode of the 2005 series - and it's better in two ways. There is more zip in the direction, so the pace is a little faster. And the business of Jarndyce vs Jarndyce is satisfactorily explained right in front, instead of walking around in the shadows like that mysterious "curse", so the plot is easier to follow.
