This production was made in the mid-80s and seems to be the first serious attempt to put BLEAK HOUSE on celluloid. No film version of the novel has ever been attempted (it is extraordinarily rich in subplots that actually serve as counterpoints to each other, so that it would have been very difficult to prune it). The novel was Dickens's only attempt to make a central narrator (one of the two at work) a woman, Esther Summerson. Esther grew up with her aunt and uncle, who (in the typical Dickens style) mistreat her. It's illegitimate, but they won't tell you anything about your relationship. Later we come into contact with the nobility, Sir Leicester Dedlock, and his wife. Lady Honoria Deadlock (Dame Diana Rigg) is going through an increasingly difficult period in her private life and the uncompromising involvement of the family lawyer Tulkinghorn (Peter Vaughn). We are also involved with the actions of Richard Carstone (Esther's boyfriend) in an attempt to win a case of real estate stationery, Jarndyce v. Jarndyce, that everyone (even the cousin of Richard John Jarndyce - played by Desmond Elliot) warns is not worth the effort. <br /> <br /> Dickens had been a law reporter and then a parliamentary journalist before writing fiction. Starting with the violation of the promise case in PICKWICK PAPERS, Dickens carefully observed the law. Mr. Bumble said it was an "ass" in OLIVER TWIST and Dickens would constantly support that vision. Watch the slums as a breeding ground for TWIST crime, which the law barely seeks to cure. Attacks the Chancellery and the old property laws, as well as the too powerful and greedy lawyers (Tulkinghorn, Vholes) in BLEAK HOUSE. In LITTLE DORRIT he attacks the debtors' prisons (he also hit him in David COPPERFIELD). In OUR FRIEND MUTUAL look at the testers and the will. In the MYSTERY OF EDWIN DROOD he was apparently about to go to a murder trial. Dickens was much more critical of legal institutions than most of his contemporaries, including Thackeray. <br /> <br /> But the novel also looks at other problems (such as charity and religious hypocrisy, the detective force of Scotland Yard, social snobbery in the industrial revolution). He also uses the novel to satirize various people: Leigh Hunt, the writer, Inspector Fields of Scotland Yard, and even the infamous Maria Manning. Most of these points have been kept in this beautiful mini-series version. If it is shown again on a cable station, take it.
