Two-thirds of nearly 2,000 IMDb users who voted for this film voted for 8, 9 or 10 and one user reported six videotapes (was it a disc, or simply a defective VCR?). Although the film is primarily intended as a period piece, it clearly has a rather unusual appeal. But for some reason I imagined it as a whim and until recently I never felt the urge to look at it. My mind has been changed from the original book by Elizbeth Von Arnim. My wife loves to read, but her sight no longer allows her to read much, so she borrowed it as a talking book. These books are usually irritating to a companion who is busy with other things, but gradually I realized that this was seductive and relaxing, even if in no way syrupy, and it was also very well written. I realized that my wife would have liked to watch the movie, and so I decided to buy her the videotape. Now I am very happy to have done it and I will certainly recommend its purchase to anyone who appreciates a quiet reflective work without fireworks, but with a well-built character development and a very successful Italian pre-Mussolini atmosphere. The story is set in the immediate post-war period and begins with two married London women who decide to share their savings and enjoy a vacation together, away from their families, in a villa for rent in Italy. The strength of the circumstances means that this couple is joined to two people with very different characters and backgrounds. His theme is essentially nothing more than the interactions that take place as their vacation progresses, not only between these four very disparate mature women, but also with the occasional male visitor. If you want action, thrills, dramatic sex scenes, natural or man-made disasters, or Harlequin-style novels, this wouldn't be the right movie for you. But IMDb users have shown collectively and very emphatically that none of these is necessary for a highly rewarding movie to watch, and if you're interested in trying it out you could, like I did, rank it among your favorite movies. <br /> <br /> It is quite rare for me to see a film from a book with which I am already familiar. In many cases, I find that there is some pleasure in watching the film, but here is a strong visual impact in the setting that I found my pleasure increased by the anticipation of seeing the next part of the book, actually unrolled in front of my eyes (Perhaps Italy itself has a part in this, the last time I had this experience was when I was watching Boccaccio's Decameron on TV stories.) In general, book films tend to increase the dramatic level of the original work to ensure that the filmed version has an even wider appeal, but here at least it is reduced in order to keep the viewers' attention on the gradual development of the character rather than on any background event. It works very well, even if the changes from the book are few and basically the film remains true to the original story. Great merit is for the director, Mike Newell and all the cast members, in particular for the famous British actresses who play the four main women.
