Three girls, the youngest descendants of the Gaylord family, one of America's most royal families, are orphans at a young age. Shortly before going to France to fight in the First World War, the father tells the older one, Fiona, never to sell the land. When the nuns became adults, they had to spend most of their money to pay lawyers to defend their property. Through some loopholes in his father's will, a man named Charles Barclay is about to take over the land of the Gaylords, on which he wants to build a complex called Barclay Circle. Barclay is actually based on John D. Rockefeller, who bought land and buildings from wealthy New York families to build Rockefeller Center. <br /> <br /> This film is mainly about the melodramatic concerns of the three sisters. Fiona, well played by Barbara Stanwyck, although it is certainly not to be considered one of her best roles, looks like a cold and overbearing woman, and it becomes clear that she has some skeletons in her closet. Susanna, played by Nancy Coleman, is a bit small and completely in love with a young modern artist named Gig Young. Coleman was my favorite performance in the film. Evelyn, played by Geraldine Fitzgerald, is a rather pretentious seductress with a monocle married in noble blood in England, but this does not prevent her from stealing Gig from her sister. The three sisters are developed quite well but, as is the main trend in The Gay Sisters, never quite well. Charles Barclay is played by George Brent. He is not very good. Well, it would be satisfying if the story went as it should, but in the movie it always seems like a lot of shit. When asked to sympathize with him late in the movie, it's impossible. Gig Young is played by, eh?, Gig Young. No, he is not playing alone. What happened is that the actor, who had starred in several films previously under his real name, Byron Barr, was forced by Warner Brothers to change his name to something more catchy. I'm not sure who made the final choice, but eventually changed the screen name to Gig Young, after the character he plays in The Gay Sisters. Strange, eh? Young is pretty good in most of the film, but the script does some unfortunate things with his late character in the movie, which ends up hurting the public's sympathy for him. In two other secondary roles, Helen Thimig and Gene Lockhart are pretty good. <br /> <br /> The Gay Sisters had great potential to turn out to be one of the great cinematic family sagas. The characters are all interesting, as are their situations. Unfortunately, the script never looks for anything more than the simplest melodrama. If he had made the interrelations of all the main characters more complex, enriched, for example, by the rivalry between Evelyn and Susanna or made the most intricate flashback, the film could have been fantastic. He might have enriched the prologue, let us know more about the Gaylord family. We need to worry more about the characters and we need to understand them more. And the ending needed some major correction. In the end he simply gives up. Fiona's problems are solved so badly that it hurts. Whatever sympathy his character has acquired as the film progresses, he falls apart. He is also too happy. This story seems to move towards tragedy, or perhaps just a sense of historical importance or loss. And we still hate Barclay. And the conflict between the two sisters and Gig is never resolved. As Fiona's story ends, Susanna's, Gig's and Evelyn's are even worse. <br /> <br /> I've always liked the movie. It's absolutely watchable, even if it doesn't involve us like other great films of the time. 7/10, mainly for its potential. Should have been redone, or the novel would have to be readjusted, at some point during the study era. It's too old to be redone now. The 1950s would have been the best time, during the period of films like Giant.
