I saw Rob Roy for the first time twelve years ago. With little money for entertainment, I rented it for my boyfriend and I to attend a cold winter night. The film I wanted no longer existed, so I rented it, instead, I didn't expect much, and I was very surprised how beautiful it was. I looked at it again recently, and loved it as much as the first time. <br /> <br /> For those unfamiliar with the story, this is the Scottish outlaw Robert Roy MacGregor, a cowherd and a folk hero. From the little I know of man and his history, freedoms have been taken with facts, but it is a film, not a textbook, and therefore the directors can be excused. Basically, the film's plot is that Rob Roy borrows money from the Marquis of Montrose to buy cattle that he then intends to sell and make a big profit out of it. But his plan is foiled when the friend in charge of the money is robbed of money and killed in the forest. Our hero finds himself on the run after failing to solve the problem with the Marquis, and Mary, his wife, suffers a sadistic rape at the hands of Archibald Cunningham, a thin English soulless soul. The atrocities arise, until, in an immensely satisfying conclusion, Rob carves Archibald like a Christmas turkey. <br /> <br /> There are many great performances in this film, but let me touch them specifically. Liam Neeson, as usual, is fantastic, a sexy beast that you can't look away from. Honestly, this man is like ice cream: even when he's bad he's good. His Rob Roy is a man of honor who struggles to provide those who depend on him, in the best way he knows. Jessica Lange, in the role of Mary, gives this woman a savagery that is a nice change from the sleepy and boring cinema wives that the public is usually forced to endure. You just know he doesn't take anything from Rob, or anyone else for that matter. Tim Roth is completely over the top with his interpretation of the diabolical Archibald, yet somehow it works. All postures and strutting, combined with some evil dialogues, translate into one of the most memorable villains of cinema in recent memories. Combine all this and the stellar work of other supportive players, with the lush scenery of Scotland, and you have what amounts to a truly fantastic film. If you haven't seen it, I strongly suggest you do it.
