The year 1995, when many people talked about the great premiere of Mel Gibson's BRAVEHEART, he also saw another very beautiful but undervalued film in Scottish history, ROB ROY. Although it is a very different film, especially for the historical period in which the story is set, ROB ROY has much in common not only with the wonderful BRAVEHEART but also with the spirit of epic films. <br /> <br /> is a film that discusses similar themes, such as the struggle for dignity, courage, honor, revenge, family as a key to happiness. It also leads us to the bliss of the Scottish highlands, where the human soul finds its rest surrounded by all the greatness of nature. Robert Roy MacGregor (Liam Neeson), the protagonist is a true hero (so universal in the epic), a sort of "Scottish Robin Hood" who fights to lead his people out of the oppression imposed by the lords with a cold heart. Although his situation worsens through deeds, he has to suffer a lot, two things remain undeniably in his mind: HONOR which is given alone and LOVE to his woman, Mary MacGregor (Jessica Lange). This leads to unexpected events ... <br /> <br /> Except for interesting content and quite vivid action, the film is full of truly amazing images. This factor must do both with the sets and positions of the film, both with the wardrobe. Many memorable moments remain in the mind of every spectator who can afford a vision of artistic images. For me, the most beautiful scene was in the Highlands when Rob Roy tells his boys what honor really means. So, send them away and make love beautifully with his woman. The scene in which Marguis of Montrose (John Hurt) flees to the waterfall also deserves to be seen as an extraordinary sight. <br /> <br /> Of course, there is some graphic violence, as in the duel, for example, but I don't think this violence would be just as damaging as in many other modern films. His justification is like any other epic: the bloodshed and cruelty of those times were really serious and it would have made no sense to hide it. The most disturbing scene, for me, was the rape done on Rob Roy's wife by the villain of the story: Archibald Cunningham (Tim Roth). It's really disgusting and kids should definitely stay away. However, everything else is O.K. And yet, there is one aspect that really made me love this movie, the performance. <br /> <br /> The whole cast does a perfect job, from the protagonist Lian Neeson who adapts very well to the role of high, brave, strong Scottish man to the supporting cast of Brian Cox who portrays the evil Killearn, silent witness of terrible acts that feel at ease with the evil of war. Jessica Lange is very pretty like Mary MacGregor and has some of the best moments in the film. There is a lot of chemistry between Ms Lange and Mr Neeson in many of their scenes. John Hurt, one of the best British actors, does an exceptional job as Marguis of Montrose, a corrupt man for whom money is the goal in itself achieved by any means. I like that calm of his interpretation. But the real villain is played by Tim Roth who really paints the wretched side of his character, Archibald - a man who laughs at love, who loves war and who finds real lust in rape and massacre. But, as in any good epic, this exceptional evil must find its end ... <br /> <br /> And another aspect: the soundtrack: songs that are so memorable and sentimental that they are destined to play in the ears for a long time . The last moment moved me to tears not only for the beauty it transmits but because I have deeply united these melodies with the grandeur of the places. Scotland remains in the heart of its visitor and this film reminded me of that permanent effect. It was, as if, my second trip to Scotland. <br /> <br /> ROB ROY is a very beautiful film, very well directed, photographed and performed. Perhaps it is not the same as BRAVEHEART with its spectacular sets and the crowd of extras in battle scenes, but it is a fairly long film with a lot of attention on a very significant feature that a cinema should have: an extraordinary show combined with a felt education . I really liked that movie, don't hesitate to call it metaphorically "entertainment highlands" and vote for it 9/10
