Too bad for this beautiful film that was to be released the same year as Braveheart. Although it is a very different type of film, even here the conflict between Scottish ordinary citizens and English nobility is central and central. Some 400 years had passed between the time when Braveheart took place and Rob Roy was set, but some things never seemed to change. Scotland is still run by English nobles, and Highlanders never seem to take a break when dealing with them. Rob Roy is very well done, but not the great Braveheart epic. There are no large-scale battles, and the conflict here is more between individuals. And, all right, not all English are portrayed wicked this time. Rob Roy is simply a film about those with honor, and those that are really bad. <br /> <br /> Liam Neeson plays the title character Rob Roy MacGregor. He is the head of the MacGregor clan and his basic function is to heal and protect the cattle of the local nobleman known as the Marquis of Montrose (John Hurt). Things seem rather difficult for the MacGregor clan as winter approaches, and there seems to be a lack of food for everyone. Rob Roy puts together a plan to borrow 1000 pounds from the Marquis and buy some cattle. He would then sell them at a higher price and use the money to improve the general welfare of his community. Sounds fair enough, right? Problems arise when two of the marquis's friends steal money for themselves. One of them, known as Archibald Cunningham, is perhaps the most evil character ever staged. Wonderfully played by Tim Roth, this man is a penniless noble aspirant who was sent to live with the Marquis by his mother. This man is disgustingly effeminate, rude, heartless and very dangerous with a sword. He fathers a child with a girl and refuses to take responsibility. He rapes Macgregor's wife and burns him outside his house. This guy is really rotten like the characters in the movies. Together with another friend of the Marquis (Brian Cox) Cunningham steals the money and uses it to pay off his debts. Although it is painfully obvious to most people what happened, the Marquis still holds MacGregor for the debt. This creates a conflict that will require many lives and will challenge the forces of a man simply by fighting to maintain his dignity. <br /> <br /> Spoiler ahead !!!!! <br /> <br /> Fortunately for MacGregor, a Duke who is not a friend of the Marquis, he prepares a final duel between Rob Roy and Cunningham to resolve the conflict one for ever. This sword fight was considered by many to be one of the best ever shot. Cunningham is considered by many to be a sure winner with his speed and grace. And for most of the fight, it seems that these attributes will win. Just when it seems that Rob Roy is finished, he transforms the tables in an incredibly grotesque way. The first time you see what happens, you'll probably be shocked like Cunningham! Rob Roy is beautifully filmed, wonderfully acted and perfectly rhythmic. The score is also quite memorable. The casting choices seem to have worked while Jessica Lange, who may seem out of her element, turns into one of Mary MacGregor's strongest performances. The film is violent, but there is not much blood. However, it is a lustful image full of deviant behavior. The nobility is widely interpreted as amoral and squalid. The film has no obvious flaws, so it gets 10 of 10 stars. <br /> <br /> The Hound.
