This is the moving story of the legendary hero of Scotland, Rob Roy, and his battles with feudal landowners. As Braveheart is often compared to, it is not very historical. Despite their mainly fictitious nature, I highly consider both of these films and it would be difficult to choose between the two. The 13th century William Wallace is, as others have noted, a larger national figure than life, while the Rob Roy of the early eighteenth century appears as an honorable but ordinary Scottish. <br /> <br /> The story revolves around a clan leader, Robert Roy McGregor, who lives in a Scottish highland cottage with his wife Mary and their two young sons. At the beginning of the film, he and his fellow clans are hunting down some thief who stole the local lord's cattle. Rob Roy wants to improve the living conditions of his people, so he arranges a loan of a thousand Scottish pounds from a local nobleman, the Marquis of Montrose, to buy cattle to go to the market. Temporarily entrust this money to his friend, Alan McDonald. When both McDonald's and the money prove to be missing, Rob Roy finds himself in conflict with Montrose and his contemptible protégé, Archibald Cunningham, and with his bad factor, Killearn. Rob Roy's honor is also tested when Montrose tries to involve him in false testimony against his rival, the Duke of Argyle, who wishes to accuse him of being a Jacobite. <br /> <br /> The charismatic Liam Leeson is as brilliant as the highlander kilted Rob Roy, an intelligent, virile and noble hero and a man whose sense of honor is fundamental in this story. Personally, I think this is the best interpretation of Neeson, his brogue (even if Irish) which adds authenticity to the average spectator. Rob Roy is a stubborn, proud, courageous and honest man that can be trusted. He is a loving husband and father, and also movingly loyal to his friend, McDonald, who is accused of robbing him. <br /> <br /> Tim Roth masterfully portrays his most important opponent and certainly one of the most atrocious and sadistic cinematic criminals, Archibald Cunningham, a strutting, ruthless and ruthless peacock. It is very effeminate for someone who makes it his main business to kidnap local women, whether they want to or not. The pathetic Cunningham himself is constantly referring to the fact that he is a bastard unaware of his father's identity, even if this does not justify his horrific misdeeds of murder, rape and theft. In addition, he mercilessly drives out the young girl, Betty, after she became pregnant with her son, causing her suicide. John Hurt plays the arrogant and fanatical Montrose, who in the end is understood to be Cunningham's father. <br /> <br /> The film is essentially a very believable love story between an ordinary man and his wife, beautifully depicting the passionate relationship between Rob Roy and Mary. Whoever doubts the presence of passion in marriage should look at this husband and his wife! I think the phrase used by this couple, "How good you are with me ..." is certainly one of the most beautiful expressions of love in the whole cinema. <br /> <br /> The most convincing performance is probably that of Jessica Lange as Rob's wife, Mary McGregor. Lacking make-up, it has the graceful but natural look of a robust peasant wife and mother. The actress brings great courage and dignity to her role when she is brutally raped by the despicable Despicable, while the disgusting Killearn observes. His dialogue is simple but full of pride and grace. I told Hollywood that for once they showed enough in the rape scene to reveal her cruelty and Maria's pain and humiliation, but nothing wanted to sensationalize. Their relative, Alastair McGregor, shows emotional anguish when he learns of Mary's rape, and further torment when she swears secrecy so as not to reveal her violation to Cunningham to her husband. <br /> <br /> Obviously, this film presents the splendid landscapes of the Scottish highlands, including sumptuous period costumes and appropriate musical scores. There are no great battle scenes like in Braveheart, but a continuous engaging action and a particularly gripping sword fight in the final duel between Rob Roy and Cunningham. This is a captivating film with both tense and beautiful love story action.
