Ride With the Devil has something rich and special, if you can stand the slow development. While addressing a dark and bloody subject, the brutal guerrilla war in the American West during its Civil War (which later gave rise to the outlaws of the old West of the 1870s), the film maintains a strangely satisfying and unmanipulated atmosphere . What I am referring to is the tendency of music and film lighting to make you feel the mood you would expect to feel. But the RWTD instead has a relatively optimistic soundtrack, and lets words and action talk, rather than manipulate the senses of the viewer. <br /> <br /> As an enthusiast of this particular area of ​​CW history, I was very impressed with the accuracy of the film. The diologue is expertly written, (even with subtle occasional humor) with references to bushwhackers and previous boarder battles (Independence for example ... A distant scream from the Oregon Trail!). The minor events that occur in Jake's band are similar to the real events that occurred ... Especially the attack when they are holed up at home and the destruction of the shop / stand. The battle scenes, although rare, are rather well executed. It also has the first CW cavalry battle recently staged. <br /> <br /> The direction shows the talent that everyone expects from Ang Lee in a subtle way. Example: The character of Black John is shown by taunting a resident of Lawrence during the massacre: "Where is your army? Who are we to fight?" Who are we to fight ?! (The shot then goes to a trio of standing Confederate Regulars, doing nothing to stop the slaughter while the voice continues) You are all cowardly! "Who are the cowards, really? Little touches like that really improve the quality of the movie. <br /> <br /> There are no big dazzling areas in history, something that can't be said about the masterpiece of the film Glory, which was fundamentally fiction in the context of the film important events that follows. Some minor problems include the fact that the years shown by the events represented do not add up. But you will never notice it. A bigger curiosity is the fact that the only afro-american man-character "American in the film is the almost slave fight of Jake and his confederate discoverers. It is true that some blacks fought for the Confederacy out there, including one who scoured Lawrence for Quantrill before the attack (who would have suspected him?). Although this black rebel is a fascinating character (any African American PC can think of him), in the film you don't see a single black Union soldier, who would have been more representative of the black experience in the western CW. One of the first black CW regiments was raised in Kansas (by the assassin Senator Jim Lane, and before the 54th Mass in which the Reg. Of fame was organized), and the black troops in battles like Baxter Springs, KS, have played a critical role. <br /> <br /> No glaring historical errors. Good and realistic action, which is rare and not gratifying. Good direction. This film may not be the blockbuster of other times of the civil war, but it is the cleanest work of all.
