The war between the states was perhaps the darkest hour in the history of America; a war that pitted his brother against his brother and family against the family and the scars left that still have not yet healed, and in all probability never will. And, as in any story on any war, beyond any historical significance, it is personal discord behind the major conflict that creates the emotional impulse that makes it engaging. It is the human element that makes the context necessary to give perspective, which is what director Ang Lee provides in "Ride With the Devil", a Civil War drama in which he focuses on personal travails within the wider representation of the war itself and along the way manages to include an examination of one of the bloodiest chapters of the war, the infamous raid on Lawrence, in Kansas, by Quantrill and his marauders, which he manages to present fairly objectively from Confederate point of view. <br /> <br /> In 1863, the influence of the Union predominates in the State of Kansas, and even beyond the border in neighboring Missouri, those with Confederate loyalties find it increasingly difficult to resist the invaders of the North, especially without aid to what could be considered "regular" Confederate troops. And when things start to really heat up around their city, Jack Bull Chiles (Skeet Ulrich) and Jake Roedel (Tobey Maguire) form a band of their own and join the fray, doing damage to the cause of the Union wherever it's practicable. Jack Bull and Jake don't like war and don't like to kill; but they are standing for what they think they are right. <br /> <br /> There are others, however, even among them, men like the young Pitt Mackeson (Jonathan Rhys-Meyers), who will use the conflict as a vehicle for personal gain and as nothing but an excuse expressing its own violent nature through useless brutality, perpetrated in many cases against innocent victims. And so, for Jack Bull and Jake, as well as many like them, it becomes a time when loyalty and moral judgments will be put to the test; a time during which their souls will be tempered in blood. And they will have to ride with the same Devil, against the seemingly insurmountable odds. <br /> <br /> Like all his films, director Ang Lee tackles his story through an incisive but subtle examination of traditions, cultural aspects and moral attitudes of the people and times he is describing. And by doing so, Lee offers his audience at least some understanding of his subject that goes beyond the real story and ultimately offers, perhaps, a deeper understanding of the motivations that drive his characters and the drama in which they are engaged. Whether it is the traditions and customs that explain the relationship between a father and his daughters ("Mangia Bevi Donna"), the effects of class distinction ("Senso e Sensibilità"), the honor and the code with which a warrior lives and dies ("Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon") or the moral ambiguities favored by the lack of all the above ("The Ice Storm"), Lee infuses his films with insights on the human condition that take them to a higher level. This film is no exception; and (as he does with all his films), Lee presents his story with the help of a breathtaking cinematography (in this film, by Frederick Elmes, who also brilliantly "The Ice Storm"), which under his guidance is no less than visual poetry. It is that special touch of Lee, and adds a melancholy and reflexive sense to whatever story he is telling, which is one of the elements that make his films so memorable. <br /> <br /> Like Jake, Tobey Maguire initially brings a sense of youthful innocence to the film that contrasts so effectively with the maturity he transmits later as the story develops, and his character along with it. More importantly, Maguire responds convincingly and credibly to the events taking place around him, which increases the credibility of the film in general and underlines the realism of the presentation: his stoic acceptance of death and the news of those "murdered" in the various skirmishes and battles; the moral property of those he meets, even in such difficult times; treason, which due to the nature of the conflict is almost a commonplace; and the loyalty and beliefs to which he and his companions cling firmly. It is all that Maguire realizes through his performance, and it is no small achievement. It is, however, the kind of studied and undervalued performance that is often taken for granted, which is unfortunate; work like this is worthy of acclamation, and should be recognized. <br /> <br /> Even Skeet Ulrich is effective, like Jack Bull, and Jewel (in his film debut) turns into a captivating performance like Sue Lee Shelley. It is Jeffrey Wright, however, who stands out in a remarkable supporting role like Daniel Holt, as well as Jonathan Rhys-Meyers, who carries a dangerous threat from Christopher Walken to his role as Pitt. Moreover, in what is a cameo role (a scene), Mark Ruffalo leaves an indelible impression with very little time on the screen. <br /> <br /> The supporting cast includes James Caviezel (Black John), Simon Baker (George Clyde), Tom Guiry (Riley), Tom Wilkinson (Orton Brown), John Ales (Quantrill), John Judd (Otto Roedel) and Kathleen Warfel (Mrs. Chiles). The civil war will forever be an open wound on the nation; but, hopefully, over time, it will be through the objective contemplations of directors like Ang Lee and films like "Ride With the Devil" that will eventually help close the schism and promote healing. In light of more recent events, it is something that is extremely needed, all over the world. The film is a powerful medium; it can be educational and fun, and perhaps in the future other filmmakers, like Ang Lee, will embrace and promote a sense of unity through the sensitive representation of events and attitudes that make us what we are. 8/10. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />
