Taiwanese director Ang Lee, whose previous films include "Sense and Sensibility" and "The Ice Storm", was dedicated to the American Civil War for his latest film. Based on a novel by Daniel Woodrell, it follows the exploits of a group of southern guerrillas, known as the "bushwhackers", while fighting their Northern counterparts, the jayhawkers in the backwater area of ​​Missouri. <br /> <br /> As might be expected there is a lot of visceral action, but the focus is on the tension that the war has put on the young people who fought it - many of whom were fighting against their ex and even their family. Jake Roedel (Tobey Maguire) is a man, or rather a boy, because he is only seventeen when the war reaches Missouri. He is the son of a German immigrant, but instead of following his compatriots and becoming a unionist, he joins his usual friend, Jack Bull Chiles (Skeet Ulrich) and rides with bushhakkers. Despite the lack of acceptance due to his lineage and the reluctance to participate in the murder of unarmed Union men, he remains true to the cause. So does his friend Daniel Holt (Jeffrey Wright), a black slave freed from another bushwhacker and thus fighting for the South. <br /> <br /> Lee treats the subject casually, without ever hastening the deep introspection that plot requires the favor of action and this gives the film a sense of the reality of war - long periods of boredom and waiting, interspersed with occasional flashes of intensely terrifying fights. The action is devoid of charm and admirably sincere, recognizing that both sides have committed a large number of atrocities. <br /> <br /> The performances are superb, with Maguire and Wright both brave and dignified. Emerging Irish actor Jonathan Rhys Meyers is particularly chilling as a cold-blooded assassin, while Skeet Ulrich is pleasantly suave and arrogant. Lee never strays from the reality of war, but his actors do admirable work in showing the good that comes from it: the growth of friendship, the demonstration of courage and, on a larger scale, the emancipation of oppressed peoples . Ride With the Devil is a beautiful and deeply compassionate film that regularly shakes but always moves the audience.
