<br /> <br /> In anticipation of the new Ang Lee movie "Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon", I saw this blockbuster movie and thought I'd give it a try. A civil war movie is not the typical movie I watch. Fortunately, I had a good feeling with this director. This film was wonderfully written. Dialogue is in the old style of the south, yet it does not seem damned out of place and obsolete. The spectacular acting helped this aspect of the film. Toby Maguire was fantastic. I thought he was good (but nothing special) in Pleasantville, but here it shines. I always thought that Skeet Ulrich was a good actor (but nothing special), but even here he is excellent. The big shock for me was Jewel. He was extraordinarily good. Even Jeffrey Wright, whom I had never heard of, is excellent in this film. It seems to me that a great acting and a great writing and direction go hand in hand. A film with bad writing makes actors look bad and vice versa. This film had the perfect combination. The actors seem brilliant and the character development is spectacular. This film makes you want and hope for good things for some and bad things for others. It really lets you know the characters, who are all very dynamic and interesting. The plot is complex, and keeps you on the edge of your seat, guessing and ready for anything at any time. Literally dozens of times I was sure that someone would be killed in silent parts of the film that were "too quiet" (brilliant director). This was also a beautiful film shot. The scenery was not breathtaking (it is in Missouri and Kansas for sakez) but there was clearly a lot of attention in choosing nature settings. It has that rough and sturdy feeling, but retains an elegance, which is very pleasing to the eye. The film was profound. He told a story and in doing so made you think. He had layers underneath that exterior story of civil war. Specifically, he focused on two characters who weren't quite sure what they were fighting. There were many other profound issues covered in this film, too many to pick up. It was like a beautifully written story, full of symbolism and artistic extras that let you think during and after the story is over. If you like acting, writing, lots of action and some of the best directors ever, watch this movie! Hurry up.
