I have seen this movie twice on DVD, and both times it has not failed to impress me with its only impartial attitude. It looks more like a representation of reality than most other things in Hollywood, especially on a topic that is still much discussed. Although it adheres strictly to the southern point of view, it does not fail to question it, and in the end the only approved sentence is that the war is lost, no matter what, and cruelty is a common denominator. <br /> <br /> What really makes this film exceptional is the refusal to dramatize it excessively. Nowadays really good movies (in a nutshell) are few and far between, and traditional rates are enjoyable (if you don't have high expectations), but terribly marketed. I think this film is a really beautiful film (without being a masterpiece), because it sticks to itself and offers the viewer the chance to look at it and analyze it, instead of wanting to bombard it with effects and emotions to erase its intelligence. This film is beautiful, attentive and generally light in its judgment, which is GOOD. <br /> <br /> The story has its flaws, in particular Jewel's Character comes out in a doubtful way, but then again the situation at the time was so chaotic, that for a young widow it would have been logical to return somehow to a normal life, even taking each of the others freely. Yet she does not stand out as weak, in fact I think she is one of the strongest characters, she is always in control of relationships, with men who merely tag. And I take it very grateful for not being a crying widow. I believe the death of a beloved 19th century person was much more normal than now. You could die so easily even with minor illnesses and injuries, so the prospect of someone dying, causing pain, has not traumatized people like it does now. People didn't seem to build shrines on their lost like they do now, and I like that attitude. <br /> <br /> My recommendation is that smart people watch this movie, if I'm in the mood for something different than the usual Hollywood fare. Don't look if you want an action without pause or emotions afflicted by the heart.
