One of the least appreciated of the recent actions of action of the Asian period, Gojoe, is initially a slow and often curious offer but on the whole rather formidable, exciting, stratified and beautiful. I am sad to say that I know practically nothing about Buddhist philosophy or the Japanese history and legend that surrounds this film, so its deepest meanings are lost on me, but even without contextual knowledge this is still rich, taking a traditional fancy structure in a high impact top floor. The story is of Benkei, a warrior monk and perhaps a demon who seeks enlightenment by destroying the demon of the Gojoe Bridge: Prince Shanao, himself a mortal who seeks his own higher plane, but this time the power of demons. Thus the film becomes a matter of illusions and in Benkei's case, indecision, a conflict in which the real goal is self-knowledge, so that Benkei can come to terms with his true nature and for Prince Shanao to find himself face face to face with the nature of it he tries to become. Benkei is even more hampered by the fact that his dark nature makes him fundamentally at odds with the world, even when he is not in open conflict he is never at ease. Director Sogo Ishii deals with this as an epic, with measured rhythm, the camera work always elegant and often frenetic, without neglecting the need for more quiet moments to sink the position, there is also a great use of lighting and fog to give an ethereal atmosphere, there is an air of fantasy for most of the film but outside of the overtly supernatural moments it is a dirty and ruined fantasy, with a longer period of fantasy. Makoto Watanbe's cinematography is important here, vivid and detailed, a relationship full of evocations. Acting Daisuke Ryu is dignified and powerful with a mysterious ferocity like Benkei, while Tadanobu Asano has a cool, arrogant wizard like Prince Shanao. Of the protagonists Masatoshi Nagase rounds things up like a normal man, intelligent and cynical but still unaware of exactly what is at stake. The film fits well, it's still a flabby touch sometimes, it starts slowly, some shots are a bit pulled out and the epic fight scenes sometimes go on longer than necessary. As far as fights are concerned, it is more frantic than real moves, it has an artistic impact but can disappoint ordinary action fans, often obscured by objects, flashing blades and fast-moving individuals, swirling deadly through their opponents they are the order of the day, it is invigorating to look at but in the end I could have done with a little more traditionalism. There is also some unpleasant bloodshed, it works somehow in the context but it is still a source of distraction. Overall, though, I found this to be a very nice movie, not one for normal action players or sword enthusiasts looking for another Azumi, rather a deeper and more mystical beast, his final in particular it won't go well with fans of the more generic wing of this tariff. But for me it is really appropriate and for those who are more adventurous he could do it too. Well recommended in any case.
