The orc does not seem to have earned an excellent reputation since its release in 1988, and I imagine a reason could be due to the fact that the subtitle 'Demons 3' was given to help it sell better. Well, the film is directed by Lamberto Bava; the man behind the first two Demon films, and the orcs and demons are somehow the same (in the sense that they are both 'monsters' anyway) ... but apart from that, this film has no connection with the other two films . It is, however, quite good! Italian filmmakers are famous for ripping popular films, and even if it's not entirely obvious; It seems to me that this has taken quite a bit of influence from Hellraiser. The plot focuses on a female horror writer who moves with her husband and son to a castle in Italy. She is obsessed with memories of being a child and found an ogre that lived in her cellar. It doesn't take long before he moves into the castle before these visions return ... and it could be more than a coincidence when he comes to believe that there is a killer orc living in the basement. <br /> <br /> The film was obviously filmed with a budget and was made for Italian TV, so it would be unrealistic to expect something brilliant; but for what it is, this is definitely a very decent horror movie. Lamberto Bava may not have a keen eye like his father Mario; but it takes time to create an atmosphere of foresight that really compliments the film. The central setting, a large castle, makes the perfect place for a story like this where it takes place and Lamberto makes the best of it; even if this sometimes leads to tearing superior films; like the scene of the Inferno style pool. The plot itself is not as beautiful as the atmosphere, as many scenes are drawn too long and the relationship between the characters is rather strange (especially between husband and wife). There is not much bloodshed, but Bava can do a little with the special effects. The ogre in itself seems really silly and it's a good job that we don't see very often. We reduce ourselves to an appropriate final, if highly predictable, and in general I must say that this film is much better than expected and is recommended.
