To anyone who has not yet seen this movie, I have a friendly warning: don't look at "The Orc House" expecting any demons, because you won't find them here. This film is not a third episode of the "Demons" series and has nothing to do with it, except that Lamberto Bava directed them. In fact, "The Church" by Michele Soavi is also known as "Unofficial Demons 3" and is also a deceptive title in that case, so go figure. It is obvious that due to the success of the "Demon" films; have tried to deceive the public with misleading titles, although it is obvious that this is a disconnected story. That said, I think it is unfair, on the contrary, to say that "La Casa dell'Orco" is not worth a look. Honestly, the film is quite atmospheric and although there are some unintentionally funny situations, I thought it was really creepy overall. However, I think it is fair to say that history somehow tries to emulate "The House by the Cemetery" by Lucio Fulci. Of course, it's just my speculation, but I think I have my valid proofs. For example, in both films, Paolo Marco is the family man, in both films, there is an irritating little son named Bobby, in both films, the housewife is a beautiful thirty year old, who seems to be the only one to see that there is something really wrong with the new house, and in both films, there is something really, really wrong going on in the basement. I'm sorry but I can connect both films very easily and I'm not saying it as an accusation. On the contrary, my point is that those who appreciated "The House by the Cemetery" will probably appreciate this film, obviously bearing in mind that "La Casa dell'Orco" is much less pretentious, less frightening, not so atmospheric, but the formula is still there. <br /> <br /> In "La Casa dell'Orco", Charel, her husband Tom and their young son, Bobby, take a trip to an old deserted castle, located in the heart of an Italian villa called Trifiri. Leaving aside the beauty of the place, shortly after their arrival, Charel begins to have the feeling of having been there before, which is impossible, considering that she had never been to Trifiri before. Unfortunately, Charel fails to overcome her déjà vu and the worst part is that her visions accompany the image of a horrendous creature that pursues her. Tom, who is not a very patient boy to begin with, advises her to leave absurd hallucinations aside and enjoy the holiday. However, the visions of women become more and more real and the peace and tranquility that they should have enjoyed suddenly turn into a living nightmare. The old nightmare of Charel's childhood becomes real and this time he won't be able to escape without facing that threatening orc before. <br /> <br /> As expected, the plot somehow turns out to be a bit simplistic and, therefore, it is difficult to fill an hour and a half. This means that "La Casa dell'Orco" offers more than a couple of sequences with nothing but total silence and the image of the protagonist, walking around the castle for several minutes, reviving the images of his childhood and nothing else . From time to time it becomes rather boring, but overall, it's nothing serious. Like many Italian horror films released in the late 1980s, this film is quite elegant and effective, but it also offers a good variety of involuntarily funny moments, which make the film unforgettable in a sense. For example, the part where Charel is brutally slapped by her husband and instead of going to the bedroom crying as I would have expected, she hits him by punching him in the very strong face and escaping into the woods like a maniac. The funniest thing, however, is the fact that two minutes later, I'm a happy couple again, as if tapping each other like that was the most natural thing in the world. I know it's silly, but I found it absolutely amusing. The orc (which is obviously the villain of the story) seems creepy and fun at the same time and let's face it: a villain who can scare us and make us laugh a little, is the double welcome. It reminded me of Michael Jackson in "Thriller", but much more natural and human, of course. But if you focus on the genuine good aspects I mentioned before: the music composed by Simon Boswell is one of the highlights and although it is practically always the same, it fits perfectly and helps to create a rather dark atmosphere during the moments of voltage. So, if I have to give my final statement about this movie, I'll have to say that I can't help but love it, including the little flaws and most people who love these typical Italian horror films of the late 1980s, won will remain disappointed by this. It has all the typical clichés and always well received, like the old madman who actually tells the truth, the vulgar local woman who is said to be a witch, a creepy castle, a huge dark basement with a terrible secret and the locals who they try to avoid the tourist with their hostility, to stay away from the notorious lands. I would say that "La Casa dell'Orco" deserves two thumbs up and a punch to your wife's face, as a way to pay tribute to the heroine of history. Bring this movie for what it is and have fun.
