"Anchors Aweigh" is the product of the classic MGM music production unit, and is the film overall pleasant? good music by Jule Styne and others, excellent dance by Gene Kelly (and also a passable work by Frank Sinatra), and a fun and fast-paced script. The only main element that I would like to criticize would be the casting of Kathryn Grayson, whose presence in a film always means that the public will be subjected to an endless pseudo-operatic warbling by little Miss. <br /> <br /> Kelly plays a naval character a military man named Joseph Brady, a man with a mythical reputation around the ship as a lover, but whose Valentino spells are constantly subjugated by the presence of his less aggressive friend with the unlikely American name of Clarence (Sinatra). After receiving a 3-day license to save Clarence's life, Joe reluctantly agrees to help Clarence find a girl based on the dubious premise that he owes him something to save his life. They are written by a policeman (Rags Ragland), who needs them to help convince a precocious boy (Dean Stockwell) who wants to join the Navy to go home to "Aunt Susan" (Grayson). At the beginning, Clarence is interested in courting "Aunt Susan" but in the end Kelly's character emerges as the most likely candidate. <br /> <br /> There are several prominent musical scenes but nothing to bring Kelly's most famous work into films like "Singin 'in the Rain" and "American in Paris". The closest we get is a deceptive sequence with the character of Kelly in a fantasy sequence that dances with Jerry, the mouse of "Tom and Jerry" (even if it seems closer to a dog or a cat than to a mouse). It's a surprising sequence for its time, but it doesn't have enough complexity or emotion to stand the test of time. Actually I appreciated the parts of the sequence that took place before the animation, in which Kelly was using semi-balletic moves to emphasize the transition into the fantasy world and where we see him dancing in a tunnel that looks like something just come out from "Alice "in Wonderland". <br /> <br /> Eventually the characters find their way into Susan's favorite bar, a somewhat sanitized Mexican restaurant / bar in Tijuana, where patrons happily allow Ms Grayson to chirp his airs with abandon, and the management becomes very enthusiastic about the opportunity that Clarence and Joe have extended for her to sing with their "friend" Jose Iturbi (playing himself with a light humorous touch). they have never met their "friend" Iturbi and spend most of the film trying to reach him (in a funny scene the character of Sinatra meets Iturbi but he mistakes him for a piano tuner and s Are you going to abandon the tuning pianos and try a professional career), sneaking in the studio and in the Hollywood Bowl, where Iturbi is rehearsing a surreal symphony composed of dozens of young pianists ?? you haven't seen anything like this outside of "1000 T's fingers". Iturbi himself is a kind of divine figure in history ?? represents the opportunity for salvation from the fatigue of unsatisfactory work and the possibility of fame and artistic achievement for heroin. Everyone is 100% sure that as soon as Mr. Iturbi hears Ms. Grayson, his opera career will be a reality. The 3 main characters are desperate to reach him and think of him as a kind of remote and distant mythological figure ?? much of the film's charm and humor comes from the contrast of this perception with the true "real" mannerisms of the master. And speaking of Iturbi's contributions to the film, he also offers a very inspiring musical moment with his orchestral interpretation of "Donkey Serenade". <br /> <br /> When all has been said and done, this is a film that no one who likes musicals will want to miss. Most of the music was written for this film, a nice contrast to the recycled soundtracks for other Kelly booklets like "Rain" and "American". Kelly is still at its peak, adventurous and noisy in her dancing and in her interpretation of the character. Sinatra's voice was never in better shape and rarely had better songs to sing. Stockwell is a fascinating addition to the clan, and Grayson's character is captivating when not sitting on stage. Iturbi adds that well-founded but sophisticated tone that fits perfectly with the atmosphere and style of the MGM musical of the classical era. This is one of the best.
