Although in my opinion this is one of the minor musicals of the stars Frank Sinatra, Gene Kelly, Kathryn Grayson and the director George Sidney, a minor musical with anyone from that line-up is nothing but sneezing and, at the same time, the line- up makes Anchors A beautiful film despite its flaws. <br /> <br /> Sinatra and Kelly are Clarence Doolittle and Joseph Brady, respectively, two men of the Navy. At the beginning of the film, they are just moving to the Los Angeles area for a much-needed leave. Brady plans to visit a girl named Lola. Doolittle is still a little wet behind the ears, quite appropriately, and seeks advice on Brady's women in private (publicly, the screenwriter Isobel Lennart and Sidney all have Navy men who exaggerate their finesse with women the one another). Brady promises to help Doolittle catch up, but above all because Doolittle won't leave him alone otherwise. A knot is put in their plans when the local police basically force them to assist a young boy obsessed with the Navy. He will not give the police any information about who he is or where he lives. Brady helps and he and Doolittle end up bringing the boy home. When the boy's guardian, Susan Abbott (Grayson), finally shows up, Doolittle goes for her. Brady tries to convince him to forget about her; Brady just wants to get back to Lola. But they continue to be persuaded at Abbott's house, and eventually something like a love triangle forms. Things get more complicated when Brady talks about Doolittle knowing a famous musician, Jose Iturbi, who is residing in a movie studio, and says that Doolittle has arranged an audition for Abbott, who is a singer and actress, in front of Iturbi. <br /> <br /> Because of history, music is a strange combination of militaristic music - due to the premise of the Navy, of course, of Broadway pop - what the stars tend to sing in more informal contexts, l 'opera-- the character of Abbott excels, the popular classic of Liberace - what Iturbi did, and Mexican music - because Abbott attends a Mexican restaurant in a Mexican section of LA. The combination does not work as it could. Many songs are good, and all those involved are certainly talented as singers or musicians, but the jump of the genre tends to lose consistency. Worse, there are a couple of windows for Iturbi, which at the time was apparently a big star, which actually stopped the plot and which looks more like a bit of a hokey right now. I have just seen another film that has had exceptional music, the Kansas City by Robert Altman (1996), but which has erroneously interrupted the plot to periodically turn into a film. Aweigh anchors take a similar tactic. Yes, this is a musical, but there is a difference between the songs that move and are an integral part of the plot and the showcases of the concerts that seem mandatory contractual materials. <br /> <br /> There are also some plot issues. It is not very well established why Brady is so against Doolittle's search for Abbott. We can guess that Brady thinks Doolittle shouldn't be involved in someone who has to take care of a child, and that he seems relatively "correct" and traditional, but on the other hand, Brady can say that Doolittle doesn't have the same manly disposition as Brady admits of himself. Abbott seems like a good adaptation for Doolittle, and besides, Lennart works hard to establish that Brady just wants to take Doolittle out of his hair and get on with the meeting with Lola - it seems that Brady's character should be quickly engaged to Doolittle on any candidate , whether she is a good fit or not. This may seem like a minor detail, but in reality it is the cornerstone for about the third or half of the plot. The story also seems a little drawn out. Length is a problem. Aweigh anchors, with a delay of about two hours and twenty minutes, should be reduced by at least half an hour. <br /> <br /> The above certainly seems like I'm complaining too much about the film to justify an 8. I just wanted to emphasize what I see as flaws, because conventional wisdom on Anchors Aweigh is much closer to the idea that it has no defects. <br /> <br /> Sinatra, Kelly and Grayson are certainly charismatic, separately and together. They turn into good, interesting performances. Does Sinatra look and act much younger than his actual age of 29? 30 during filming. He plays an unusually naive, virginal character - completely different from most of the roles he will take later, and different from his public image as a singer. For Kelly, this was his revolutionary film, and rightly so. His choreography is varied and impressive, as is his acting. Grayson is charming, his performance is sophisticatedly undervalued, and it's simply gorgeous. All this helps to overcome the defects with the script and the elaborate rhythm. <br /> <br /> And there is also a very interesting element that probably arises only because Sidney was allowed to sprawl on a wide variety of moods - Kelly's infamous dance with Jerry the Mouse (of "Tom and Jerry") in an extended fantasy sequence. This is one of the first examples of combining live action and animation, and it's extremely well done and fun while you're a fan of fantasy. Fantasy sequences tend to be the best in the film. Matched par excellence to dance with Jerry the Mouse is a long song and dance number with Kelly and Grayson, where Brady is picturing Abbott in a scene from a period film while he courts her, having to resort to stunts to physically reach her located on a high balcony. <br /> <br /> As irregular and imperfect as the film, it is largely successful and fun to watch. Fans of classic musicals should definitely not miss Anchors Aweigh, or even Sinatra fans, who will be amused by his character.
