This film (like Astaire's ROYAL WEDDING - which was shown later on Turner Classic Network last night) is famous for a single musical sequence that has gained a place on Gene Kelly's record: how Fred Astaire dancing with a coat hanger and then dancing around the walls and ceiling of the room, this film saw Gene Kelly dance in a sequence of cartoons with Jerry Mouse. The sequence is well done. What is forgotten is that Kelly is telling the story behind the cartoon sequence to Dean Stockwell and his fellow students at school during a break during the day, and sets the stage for the sequence by causing Stockwell and the others to close the eyes and imagine a kind of pastoral background. Kelly also changes the navy blue she wears into a white "Pomeranian" blue uniform with blue stripes on it. Jerry Mouse does more than dance with Gene. In reality he speaks - a first that he has not repeated for many decades. Finally he puts Tom Cat in his rightful place - Tom appears briefly as King Jerry's butler, trying to cheer him up with a plate of cheeses. <br /> <br /> But the cartoon sequence with Kelly took about seven minutes of the film. Much more than this particular film is taken from Kelly's story of the lost four-day Hollywood license, and how Kelly meets Katherine Grayson and (with Frank Sinatra) chasing Jose Iturbi at the MGM movie studio, the Hollywood Bowl and Iturbi own home. Except that the two sailors do not intend to harm, this film could have been rather disturbing. <br /> <br /> Kelly saved Sinatra's life in the Pacific, and as a result obtained a medal. They are both among the California crewmen who have a four-day permit. But the writers (to push what would be a short film - Kelly plans to spend four days having sex with a "Lola", an invisible girl in a good mood in Hollywood) saddle Gene with Frank. <br /> <br /> It seems that Frank is one of those idiots who appear in films after films of film factories (especially musical comedies) that are socially underdeveloped and need "instructions" to meet girls (or boys if the the characters are women). Frank insists that Gene helps "teach him" how to get a girl. Just then a policeman takes them to headquarters to help the cops with a boy (Stockwell) who insists on joining the navy (and he will not give the police his real name and address). When a Kelly in protest is able to get this information from Stockwell by asking him some direct questions (which the cops could not ask), they insist that Kelly take the boy home to his aunt (Grayson). Still protesting, Kelly is subjected to increasingly complicated problems (mainly because of Sinatra's simplistic view of things). He misses seeing Lola the next day sleeping late - Sinatra felt so calm that he didn't sleep that he woke up. He continues to be dragged into Grayson's house, since Sinatra feels he is the right woman for herself, but he needs Kelly to instruct him to make love. <br /> <br /> I suppose my presentation of the plot can annoy the fans of ANCHORS OF AWEIGH, but I find this kind of story irritating. While the singing, dancing and concert music of Kelly, Sinatra, Grayson and Iturbi are of the highest quality, it is annoying to have to take seriously the idiocy of someone like the character of Sinatra. In the real world Kelly would have gotten rid of him early to follow him at the beginning of the four-day leave - what right does he have to insist (as does Sinatra) that someone who saves their lives should help him learn how to date? That kind of poop always ruins the total affections of a musical for me - unless the musical numbers are so superior that I forget this kind of nonsense. <br /> <br /> Even Iturbi's stalking is annoying. Kelly tries to convince Grayson to appreciate Sinatra when he says that Sinatra can meet her with Jose Iturbi to audit his singing ability. For much of the rest, Sinatra and Kelly try to do it, and continue to struggle (at one point - for no real reason - Grayson himself ruins Kelly's attempt to get an interview with MGM with Iturbi). It's just pure luck (which Iturbi feels sorry for an embarrassed Grayson) that she makes him audition his talent. <br /> <br /> Kelly, by the way, ends with Grayson. Sinatra's consciousness of not being able to help her see Iturbi makes him feel ashamed to have bothered her (but not to involve Kelly, strangely) and meanwhile he stumbles accidentally meeting a maid (Pamela Britton) from her native Brooklyn. And of course, without the help of Kelly, Sinatra and Britton fall in love. Ah, "consistency"! Your name is not necessarily "script"!
