Joseph Brady and Clarence Doolittle are two sailors, who have a four-day license in Hollywood. Joe knows all about the girls and can't wait to see Lola, while Clarence is powerless and needs his friend's advice on how to meet the girls They come across a boy, Donald Martin, who ran away to join the navy. They take him home and meet his lovely Aunt Susan, who wants to be a singer. Clarence wants Susie to be his girlfriend, but his shyness intrudes. But he doesn't feel shy with a waitress, who comes from Brooklyn, like he does. Jack notices that he is in love with Susie. The boys are in trouble when they lie to Susie by meeting with a great music producer who they don't even know. As they are in a correction with their feelings. George Sidney's Anchors Aweigh (1945) is a great musical comedy. Gen. Kelly is top notch, again, in his way of singing and dancing Frank Sinatra is as fantastic as the shy boy of Brooklyn. It's not the first thing that comes to mind when you think of Frank Sinatra, but he plays his part well. Kathryn Grayson is as fantastic as Susan Abbott. We sadly lost this talented soprano actress and singer last month at the age of 88. 9-year-old Dean Stockwell does an incredible job as the little colleague who wants to become a sailor. Jose Iturbi does a great job on his own. It's magical what he does with the piano. Edgar Kennedy plays the chief of the police station. Sara Berner is the voice of Jerry Mouse. Between a lot of great things in this film and some fantastic numbers of singing and dancing. Just watch Kelly and Sinatra recite "We hate to leave". He's so energetic. "If you know Susie (as I know Susie)" it's pretty funny. It's a beautiful moment when Frank sings Brahms' Ninnananna to little Dean Stockwell. It's nice to hear Grayson singing the tango "Jealousy". The most memorable sequence is the one that enters the animated fantasy world, and there Gene sings and dances with Jerry Mouse. Tom Cat is also seen there as the butler. Originally as Ked Mickey Mouse he refused. The film was nominated for five Oscars, but Georgie Stoll has one for the original soundtrack. Ances Aweigh is a high-class entertainment.
