STILL AWEIGH sees two enthusiastic young sailors, Joe Brady (Gene Kelly) and Clarence Doolittle / Brooklyn (Frank Sinatra), get a special four-day permit. Eager to get to the girls, particularly Joe Lola, neither Joe nor Brooklyn realize the interruption of little Donald of the navy (Dean Stockwell) and his aunt Susie (Kathryn Grayson). Inexperienced in the ways of women and courtship, Brooklyn quickly enlisted Joe to help him win Aunt Susie. Along the way, however, Joe finds himself falling in love with the girl he thinks belongs to his best friend. How's he going to take this betrayal in Brooklyn? And Joe ends up with Susie, who loves him too? <br /> <br /> The first and second time I saw STILL AWEIGH, I also saw it at the same time as I was doing ON THE TOWN, the Kelly / Sinatra collaboration since 1949. Both times I heard that ANCHORS AWEIGH was the best film in terms of plot and structure: all the dances and songs adapt to the moment of the plot, and develop the characters and the story rather than hinder them. Yet on both occasions, I have heard that ON THE TOWN is the best film ever. Having now seen both films a third time, I continue to endure that judgment. Somehow ON THE TOWN, like a movie and a piece of entertainment, is just lighter, more cheerful, purely and simply * happier *. The numbers are more outrageous and less intact than the plot, yet somehow it works better than all the dances and the singing of ANCHORS AWEIGH. I'm not quite sure why this is. The typical argument is that this last film is too long: at almost two and a half hours, this is certainly a valid criticism to make. I certainly felt the length of the first two times I saw it! However, it is also a film that grows on you - the more you see it, the shorter it feels and the more you appreciate the technical mastery involved in its realization. Still, something doesn't go together perfectly. It almost seems like the script was being studied and * every * single moment Kelly was able to dance or Sinatra in the song was noticed, and that's exactly what happened. No opportunity to wear a musical number has been abandoned ... and this is probably the biggest weakness of the film. He has 16 numbers (to give or to do a few), and no matter how big a fan you are of Kelly or Sinatra, this really starts to become a callous after a while. (Compare it, for example, with the ten numbers of ON THE TOWN). You might feel that every song, every dance, can't be extracted from the movie without letting it miss ... and it's true. But this is also because writers were no longer sober in the first place. <br /> <br /> All this long preamble does not mean that there is nothing good about ANCHORS AWEIGH. The musical * is * splashy with great songs that explode everywhere, like the duets between Kelly and Sinatra ("We hate to leave", "I Begged Her" and "If You Knew Susie"), the song of Sinatra ("What Fa 'The Sunset ',' The Charm Of You ', and best of all,' I Fall In Love Too Easily '), and undoubtedly Kelly's ever-inventive and always breathtaking dance.It is also difficult to lose with a cast of this caliber Grayson is sweet and seems to improve every vision (his voice becomes surprising rather than terrifying) The role of Jose Iturbi is written comprehensively and does a great job with it, even Clarence's own Brooklyn, Pamela Britton, is pretty and charming ... as close as possible to Betty Garrett without being Garrett himself! Sinatra is adorable with those blue eyes and her curls, and wonderfully recites the innocent man-boy (a role that resumes in ON THE TOWN). his singing is, as usual, simply impeccable from the utterance time and phrasing. His solo numbers might seem a little compelling, but when you have the voice of a century, show that it's probably a good reason to slow down the rest of the movie! <br /> <br /> Gene Kelly's pure genius in this film is worthy of his own paragraph. Third in the billing of Sinatra and Grayson respectively, ANCHORS AWEIGH is really Kelly's movie. His Joe Brady is a credible and real character: he is tough outside, he is smart and he wants to lie when it is necessary to win a girl, but in reality he is the biggest softy inside. Kelly makes this fascinating rather than cloying, but it also gives Joe a real advantage that you see in the scene when Joe chases Brooklyn around the room with a really murderous look on his face and the breakfast tray in his hands. And the * dance * - again, the film suffers from the "too much of a good thing ruins the effect" syndrome, as it does with Sinatra's song. But again, if Gene Kelly is doing the softshoe, or is beating on the screen with a sailor suit or dressed as a bandit boss ... he might even be wrong to overdo it! All Kelly's dances are breathtaking, both for the simple simplicity of her Sinatra tap number and "I Begged Her", her "Mexican Hat Dance" with the sweet little girl with wide eyes, or her sumptuous dance influenced by Spain "La Cumparsita '. Certainly, the classic image left in the public mind forever would be Kelly in her red, white and blue sailor outfit, dancing with Jerry Mouse of" Tom & Jerry "fame. A deserved memory of gold films, to be sure - it doesn't often happen to be struck by the special effects of a film made in 1945, given the saturation of CGI in the contemporary cinema market, but Gene and Jerry still look great, with Kelly always striking his points and looks exactly where he needs to look.It would be as if the only people who could really keep up with Gene Kelly were Kelly himself (in COVER GIRL) and a cartoon animation. <br /> <br /> It's without d There is no doubt that Kelly's first audacious and inventive dance with Jerry has reserved a place for ANCHORS AWEIGH in the history of cinema and in the heart of classic cinema enthusiasts. But it is also noteworthy to be the first of the three cinematographic collaborations of Kelly / Sinatra, and even if a little too tight, still a couple of hours of fun. Look at it first, then again and maybe again - it will grow on you before you know it! 7.5 / 10
