D. W. Griffith could have made any film he wanted after the enormous financial success of "The Birth of a Nation"; has chosen to make the film technically more ambitious for that date, "Intolerance". He risked with such innovations in editing and in the form of a film and the well-known railway disaster resulted. Buster Keaton does not take this kind of risk with "Three Ages", a parody of "Intolerance". This is Keaton's first feature film (he only starred in "The Saphead"). He had the backup plan to split the three episodes in this film into three separate short films, which Griffith did with "Intolerance". Keaton didn't have to. Chaplin had already succeeded with feature-length comedies, so if Keaton was running a risk, he was completely calculated. <br /> <br /> Chaplin had already made a parody of another film, also with "Burlesque on Carmen" (1915). Keaton also seems to allude to that movie. The wrestling scene in the ancient Rome episode refers to sword fighting that turns into a wrestling match in Chaplin's film. Even the comic distance from the plot of both scenes is the same. Furthermore, Chaplin's film mimicked DeMille's "Carmen" style, and Chaplin's film looked like a tribute to that film. Keaton does not attempt radical editing, narrative structure or monumental nature in his parody, but he still seems to respect "Intolerance". At least, the stories are not told completely directly as in other post-intolerance films, such as "Leaves from Satan's Book" by Dreyer (Blade af Satans bog, 1921) and "Destiny" by Fritz Lang (Der Müde Tod, 1921) . There is a slight jump back and forth between the episodes. <br /> <br /> Where Keaton risked, however, it is in his physical and reckless comedy. It is Keaton who unintentionally fails to jump through the buildings in the modern episode. Reportedly, he was convinced he would alter the scene rather than try the jump again. And it wasn't just Keaton who risked it; the anachronistic baseball gag, for example, was rather dangerous. So, even if in a different way, Keaton, like Griffith, took risks with his great film. And, I think they both succeeded.
