A well-known cinematographic phenomenon of the late 1980s and early 1990s was the number of Oscars that went to actors who played characters who were physically or mentally handicapped. The first was Marlee Matlin's award for "Children of a Lesser God" in 1986, and in the next ten years we saw another "Best Actress" award (Holly Hunter for "The Piano" in 1994) and no less than five "Best Actor" "awards (Dustin Hoffman in 1988 for" Rain Man ", Daniel Day-Lewis in 1989 for" My Left Foot ", Al Pacino in 1992 for" Scent of a Woman ", Tom Hanks in 1994 for" Forrest Gump "and Geoffrey Rush in 1996 for" Shine ") for portraits of the disabled. Matlin, who played a deaf woman, is deaf, but all the others are healthy. <br /> <br /> This phenomenon has aroused some negative comments at the time, with suggestions that these awards were given more for political correctness than for the quality of acting When in 1994 Jodie Foster did not win the "Best Actress" for "Nell", some people saw this as a proof of a reaction contrary to this type of representation.My opinion, however, is that most of these you reward have been well deserved. I thought the 1992 award should have gone to Clint Eastwood or Robert Downey rather than Pacino, but other than that the only one I disagreed with would be Hanks, and it was because I preferred Nigel Hawthorne's performance in "The Madness of King George". In that film, of course, Hawthorne played a mentally ill character. <br /> <br /> "My Left Foot" was based on the autobiography of the Irish writer and painter Christy Brown. Brown was born in 1931, one of the thirteen children of a working-class family in Dublin. He was born with cerebral palsy and at first he was mistakenly thought he was also mentally disabled. For a long time he was unable to move or talk deliberately, but eventually he discovered that he could control the movements of a part of his body, his left foot (hence the title). He learned to write and draw by holding a piece of chalk between his toes, and went on to become a published painter and novelist and poet. <br /> <br /> Working-class Dublin life in the 1930s and 40s could be difficult, and the city that Jim Sheridan (himself a Dubliner) shows us here is in many ways a sad, gray, sad place , very different from our normal idea of ​​"Emerald Isle". (Sheridan and Day-Lewis would then collaborate on another film with an Irish theme "In the name of the father"). Against this, however, the joy and spirit of its people, especially the Brown family, must be set. Much of Christy's success is due to the support he received from his parents, who refused to allow him to be institutionalized and always believed in the intelligence hidden under a paralyzed outsider and his brothers. Let's see how his brothers made him run in a specially created wagon and how they helped the builder's father build Christy a room of his own in their backyard. <br /> <br /> The film could easily slip into sentimentalism and turn into another film of "triumph over adversity" that warms the heart. That this is not due to a number of factors, mainly the magnificent acting. Throughout his career, Day-Lewis has given a series of excellent performances, but this, along with the recent "There Will Be Blood", is his best. It is never 100% convincing like Christie; his tortured, jerky movements and attempts to speak tense convince us that we are really looking at a disabled person, even if, intellectually, we are well aware that Day-Lewis is skilled. The other performances are by Fiona Shaw as her mentor Dr Eileen Cole, Hugh O'Conor as young Christy and Brenda Fricker as mother of Christy (which earned her the award for "Best Supporting Actress") <br /> <br /> The other reason the film escapes sentimentality is that it doesn't try to make its main character sentimental. Christy Brown has had a difficult life, but it could also be difficult to live, and the film gives us a portrait of "warts and all". He was a heavy drinker, given to a vulgar language prone to outbursts of anger. He could also be selfish and manipulative of those around him, and the film shows us all these aspects of his character. Of course, he also shows us the positive aspects: his courage, his determination and his wicked sense of humor. The acting of Day-Lewis is not only physically convincing, as it persuades us to believe in the disability of his character, but also emotionally and intellectually convincing, as it highlights all these different facets of Christy's character. His Oscar was won due to a strong opposition from characters like Robin Williams and Kenneth Branagh, but he was well deserved. 8/10
