The classic Jackie Chan film, POLICE STORY (1985), is among the most influential and over the top of modern detective stories ever released from Hong Kong. Jackie simply wanted to make a film that included the usual kung fu and also a fierce game of weapons and other "urban" actions that would later become very popular and typical among HK directors such as John Woo and Ringo Lam. POLICE STORY mixes these two elements and styles of action and the result is as wild as it seems. <br /> <br /> Jackie plays Chan Ka-Kui, a police who gets the protection of an important witness (Brigitte Lin) who will soon testify against a powerful gangster leader and his ring of criminal activity. Jackie's girlfriend is played by the sweet young Maggie Cheung, who is not as wild here as in her later roles as Heroic Trio (and the sequel) by Johnnie To, Savior of the Soul by Corey Yuen and David Lai and many others others. The POLICE STORY plot is very simple, but it is the action for which this film was made in the first place. <br /> <br /> Jackie has obviously done all the tricks of her character on her own and also hurt herself very badly in a couple of scenes, some of which are even in the full movie as in the end where Jackie hits the his head (near the eye) through a very ugly and sharp looking piece of glass. Members of Jackie's stunt team also nearly killed themselves during the filming of this film. The scene where a bus stops just before Jackie, spitting the kidnappers through the windshield, went very badly when the bus stopped too soon and the stuntmen didn't fly as they should. They had to fly on the car parked in front of the bus but their flight was too short and they hit the asphalt with hospital-level wounds. During the credits, there is a behind-the-scenes look of images and images of these injured actors and everything looks really bad and almost tasteless, but fortunately nobody has been killed or injured too seriously. <br /> <br /> The action is more than abundant and imaginative as can be expected from the (action) director Chan. The now legendary bus and shopping mall scene is probably among the wildest scenes that any action movie has been able to offer. Jackie always says how important editing is (which is true) and really shows in his action scenes and their timing that is perfect and makes films so ultra-kinetic compared to Hollywood, for example. There are almost no slow moments here and even those moments are interesting and the film never becomes boring or difficult to watch. <br /> <br /> But again there's a negative point I can't stand in the HK action comedies, which is this comedy itself. Comedy is not funny especially when mistakes and amateur elements in the script are not there by chance, but because the writer wanted to add them there, without necessarily understanding that they are signs of bad script and stupid dialogues. I mean those scenes like the murder attempt stabbed at first when the killer screams and screams and makes faces and behaves like a drunken clown from a slapstick nightmare, and he's there to "kill" that girl. This kind of acting is stupid and inept and I wouldn't want to see it in a movie that is otherwise very big in its own genre. The characters also talk about their thoughts, which are also a sign of bad script because those "noisy thoughts" are there just to make things clear even for the stupidest viewer and thus make things too simple and "light". Even if the film is comic and not so serious, this kind of nonsense should not be there and cannot be forgiven too easily. <br /> <br /> POLICE STORY is a fast action, full of blows, balls on the walls, a miracle of adventure from Hong Kong and from the time when Jackie was very sad because of the bad result obtained with the United States, The Protector, since he did not have the same thoughts on the film by director James Glickenhaus and therefore the result as not Please, the public and Jackie returned to Hong Kong to make more personal and original films. Which he certainly did and the result is as wild today as it was in the 80s. This is one of the craziest action movies ever, and it would be a bit perfect without the flaws I mentioned. 7/10
