Jackie Chan's Police Story is a reference film for both the action genre Honk Kong and the career of Jackie Chan. <br /> <br /> Directed / written by Chan, Police Story has a basic plot like all films of that era and genre, and like most of the Police Storys genre films, the script does not have nothing to say. But the plot of the film is Jackie Chan, who plays a handsome policeman, who fights to condemn the lord of the local band. <br /> <br /> The direction of the film is nothing special and it is not at all the best directorial effort that Jackie Chan has given us, that the responsibility falls on the underrated masterpiece "Miracles". However the work that Jackie does manage is sufficient and respectable. The film's standout out directing comes with the fight scenes. <br /> <br /> The interpretations of this film also vary with Jackie giving a typical very nice guy to his role, but this is not his best acting role, which can be seen in the Sammo-directed movie Hung "Heart of the Dragon". The other actors in the film also give a good performance like Jackie with Bridgete Lin who plays his part of the involuntary witness reasonably well, but doesn't even show a full potential of acting. Prominent acting comes from Maggie Cheung as Jackies' suffering girlfriend and Bill Tung as a nice and amusing police chief. None of the performances in this film is low enough to affect the quality of the film. <br /> <br /> The action in the film is what distinguishes this film from the others with a breathtaking contemporary choreography to adapt to the modern and urbanized setting, the action is some of the greatest fight scenes ever staged . To begin with there is a shooting in the slum where Koo (the lord of the band) is doing a drug deal, while it is not a John Woo style sequence, this is a good starter for the film. This is then followed by the famous car that runs along the hillside and through the heart of the slum that destroys everything in sight. This is a breathtaking sequence that has been shamelessly copied by Bad Boys 2. In the middle of the film there is another sensational sequence in which Jackie tries to transport Bridgete Lin from her home to her home. This is really the first scene in which we see the fantastic close-up combat that has since become the norm for all modern martial arts films. This sequence is fantastically choreographed, synchronized and perfectly integrated to maximize the brutality of the scene. However, as tradition dictates, the extraordinary fighting sequence is at the end of the film. This sequence shows some of Chans best choreographies, acrobatics and shooting / editing works. This sequence is now famous for two things, the amount of people sent through high-density glass, which must be called a phenomenal amount of people, and the stunt at the end, where Jackie jumps from a balcony on the 5th floor, grabs a pole and slides down through a glass roof (this must be seen to be believed). While the two factors mentioned are both extraordinarily brilliant, I think the most impressive part of this combat sequence is Chan's ability to incorporate anything in the combat sequence and the absolute originality of the choreography, which was never for me improved. I also believe that the action in Police Story is one of the best filmed and modified actions of Chan's career, helping to make the action different from the others. <br /> <br /> In general, Police Story, despite the unpublished plot and script as well as running in the middle due to the filling plot, is one of the best action movies of all time showing the best choreography by Chan, the best filmed action and probably its most spectacular acrobatics, making this vision essential for everyone. After all, let's watch a Chan movie for the action !!
