This is my favorite movie of Jackie Chan and in an interview, Jackie said it was her favorite. Contains some incredible stunts and stunning fight sequences, plus some very funny scenes. This film was a favorite of Brandon Lee, who used parts in Rapid Fire, and was also raised in Tango and Cash, which used some of the initial scenes. <br /> <br /> Jackie plays a cop in Hong Kong. The story immediately jumps into a fantastic hunt through a slum and continues as Jackie slides off a hill and jumps on a moving bus to capture the evil Ku (who is one of the greatest villains in any Jackie Chan movie). It can be expected that very funny scenes like Jackie try to balance his duty as a cop with his girlfriend, played by Maggie Chung. His job is to protect Ku's secretary who has enough information to take him down, but that also poses many problems. Jackie is at his best here. The last scene of fighting at the mall is my favorite fighting scene by anyone - period. It was the most intense fight I've ever seen in Jackie and culminates in a slide down a pole amid exploding lights. All in all, one of his greatest stunts he ever did and that left him with the skin tore his hands off. He was lucky not to have been electrocuted because the person responsible for the stunt used high voltage instead of lower voltage. <br /> <br /> All in all, another Chan classic and certainly one of his greatest films. At the end of this film, you can say that he didn't hold back anything, not even his stuntmen. So many of his stuntmen were injured during this film that no one would ever insure them - Jackie had to take responsibility on his own. There are no tricks, cables or braces - it's all real life action that is a pleasure to watch. It is this type of action that has made it the phenomenon that it is and is a film that will amaze people in 100 years. If you haven't seen this movie and are a fan of Jackie Chan or action in general, give yourself a treat and watch this movie. It's really sensational.
