Shakespeare Behind Bars was a strangely uplifting documentary despite its content. The inmates of the Luther Luckett correctional complex in LaGrange, Kentucky, who raped, killed etc. ?? and surrounded by bad people in an obviously depressing environment, find something that really enjoys and can become important, popular and celebrated in acting. There are parallel themes to 'Shawshank Redemption' with their institutionalized nature and in search of forgiveness and redemption for their past lives. While we follow a generous and non-judgmental director, who each year spends his time directing certain inmates in a drama chosen by William Shakespeare (this time, the "Tempesta", which was expertly portrayed with inmates who could identify her so much with its penetrating focus on forgiveness and redemption in which they confide and relate to), we are introduced by every actor in formal interviews that are pleasantly punctuated by videos of breaking their tests. Each actor has his own story and tells his own regrets and the reasons why they are there in an emotional way with melancholic music on each in a traditional sense of the documentary. The strongest and most respected (apparently) inmate is Sammie. The director immediately seems to understand who were the most interesting prisoners in Sammie (and later, Hal) and allows a longer and more in-depth observation about the man and his personality. His presence is perceived on the screen and his personal revelations come as a shock to the public, but they give him such a charm in his emotional personality and a particular empathy is perceived towards him. Hal is the same at the beginning of the film. He has other things he does to pass the time that is shown as a comfortable hobby as if he were running a news broadcast program on the site. Again, through personal interviews and self-admitted revelations from Hal (and well retouched in Hal's body language, not the close-ups of his uncertain hand movement not only observed with him but also others), in particular his story felt to be insecure and frightened of her true sexuality in a society that would not have accepted him as a homosexual until in the film in which he showed himself rather rude and rude with the other prisoners involved in the comedy, as if he believed them above all, in particular to Ron, who already has a frustrating temper in his acting. The relationship between all inmates involved in the game is shown as one of respect and unity to achieve something great for themselves. With beautiful movements (if not cliché) of time passing with titles, etc. ?? everything seems to go straight into the first act, and then to build up to public performance, things go predictably. The induction of one of the transferred actors and his character replaced by a younger and more recent prisoner give the narration a nice subplot in someone who promises big, but in the end disappoints everything and does not live up to their expectations. One detainee in particular (Big-G) welcomes the new inmate actor (Rick) with the obvious desire to cultivate him in their beloved practice and hopefully become a good model. The film seems to capture every prisoner's passion so well with something the public can relate to especially when Rick is placed in the "Hole" to get new tattoos (something very much mentioned earlier in the movie when the director stops a casual inmate in the yard and the he asks when he has a tattoo that is on his arm and we learn that it is a punishable offense in the structure) and the disappointment of Big-G is deeply understood. A happy ending? Everything looks fantastic when they perform successfully (even if they are invited to perform elsewhere) and a sense of real unity echoes around them, but in the end the film brings everyone down to earth that this is short-lived and everything they ever have had or wanted was and will always be taken away from them. He is back in prison for paying their crimes and no matter what redemption they try to perform these comedies, they will not be free men, their proud performances and their recognition are weakened by the fact that they are the lowest among the lowest criminals and a nice stop in the uplifting music that plays in a shot of a long corridor that coincides with the lights off and the doors that close is a powerful image of their oppression. The director seemed to be aware of the fact that he was watching nice people in the documentary by providing more information at the end of the film in every future actor from the end of the film about where they are and what is happening to them now.
