If you are about to act in a play in the prison walls, why not go for the great playwright William Shakespeare? And if you choose the cast from a lot of criminals serving long sentences for the most heinous crimes, you can be sure there will be plenty of time for rehearsals. In a Kentucky correctional prison a bold project like this was undertaken with surprising results. This film shows how everything was done. The casting ?? The evidence ??. The set and the costumes ?? and the final presentation of the Shakespeare play "The Tempest". It had never occurred to me before, but there is an analogy between the setting of the drama and the correctional prison. In the drama the characters destroyed by the ship are confined to an island without any contact with the outside world. Life in prison is also very similar. <br /> <br /> With a simple back drop painted from a surrounding seascape, the characters in an assortment of more pleasing costumes expose their lines to an approving audience, it may not be so Shakespeare understood but with good heart sincerity for sure. <br /> <br /> More interesting than the game itself were the small cameos of each man behind his character. One inmate saw the game as a lesson in forgiving another as a redemption of his sins. It was quite moving to see the men wipe away a tear as they talked about murder, shooting and strangulation. One had the feeling that everyone wanted to rewind their watch and reconsider their brutal actions. However (as someone said) the past was past and the present was the beginning of a new future. At least the show gave temporary relief to the depressing thoughts of past events. <br /> <br /> Prison authorities should be applauded to allow the game to take place. Such an event would put Kentucky on the map and it is hoped that other prisons could follow their good example. It seems to me that everyone can benefit not only from the Kentucky prison, but from the prisoners themselves who need to find new confidence and self-esteem and prepare for the day they are released on probation.
