Movies like this, and C.R.A.Z.Y., make me very sad about American movies with gay subjects. With the exception of Parting Glances and Brokeback Mountain, there are few other American films of note with the kind of depth and sincerity of this film, The Bubble. This film focuses on two men, Noam and Ashwar respectively, an Isral and a Palestinian. Their relationship is complicated by the tension between Jews and Arabs in Israel. Couples, in the early stages of their relationships, will fight with whoever will call who will be next or who will say "I love you" first. Noam and Ashwar's first love is complicated by suicide bombings, armed security checkpoints and racism. While Noam's friends accept and as Ashwar, who is Arab, it is clear that most of the citizens of Tel Aviv probably do not. <br /> <br /> One of the most touching moments, and there are many in this film, is when Noam and Ashwar participate in a production of "Bent". We, as viewers of the cinema, see them as they watch this show, and the affection they have for two of them is deeply captured in their eyes. And in the end, this touching moment unfolds very sadly in the end of the film. <br /> <br /> Ohad Knoller and Youseff "Joe" Sweid are as exceptional as Noam and Ashwar. The director Eytan Fox is brilliant in creating a convincing and interesting reinterpretation of the Shakespeare classic Romeo and Juliet. And while most movies today have sex in them, (almost like a sport), this goes back to the old and proven version of sex with combined love and passion. It's so refreshing. Also refreshing is to see two homosexuals portrayed as people and not vignettes. There are cartoon characters in this movie. It just doesn't happen to be the two gay guys for a change. Somewhere on this site I think I read a comparison between this film and "Friends". Well, not really. Yes, these are youthful characters who stumble in their first discomforts in adulthood and relationships. But I don't remember having "exploded" as a backdrop to the insipid lines of the story in "Friends". <br /> <br /> This is a great movie. He has a heart and a broken heart. And like all good love stories, love wins. But not in its intact glory of full bloom. Still, it's a very satisfying movie to watch.
