This film is a complete retelling of Romeo and Juliet in Tel Aviv and Nablus. Lovers are one from Tel Aviv and the other from Nablus. There is a border between them and a constant state of war with the Israeli army always present everywhere and the Palestinian militants in every other place with their bombs. The situation is quite grim. We can imagine love in that huge loveless trap. But the film goes on for several light years, imagining that the two lovers are gay, Noam from Tel Aviv and Ashraf from Nablus. Being gay is accepted in Tel Aviv. It is off-limits in Nablus. The conflict between the two peoples, the two communities is thus doubled with a conflict between two cultures, two ethics. But this could even be livable if the war did not bring any extra dimension. Ashraf's sister will marry a militant activist in Nablus. Ashraf finally tells his sister that he is gay. He cannot accept it but agrees to talk about it later. From the marriage itself the newly married husband sends a commando to Tel Aviv to organize a bomb attack. It takes place in a cafe in Tel Aviv and a friend of Noam is seriously injured. Pretty bad. The Isareli army sends a command to Nablus to arrest the person responsible for this attack, but becomes harsh and the newly married wife is killed on the street. The funeral follows the marriage. The husband and the widower volunteer for a suicide attack. Ashraf volunteers to take his place. The exiled lover returns to Tel Aviv to die and kill some people to avenge his sister. He arrives at a restaurant run by some of Noam's friends. But Noam sees it and goes to talk to him. Ashraf is back in the middle of the road and blows his bomb when Noam joins him on the street. Revenge brings the two lovers together in death. We therefore have a double conflict, but we do not have the Prince of Verona, a neutral character who can impose peace, or even worse the Prince seems to have chosen sides and to be on the side of Israel. The game is completely false and death is safe on both sides. But the dimension of impossible love is all the stronger because it is doubled by a play, a comedy that shows love for Auschwitz, between two prisoners, one with a yellow star and the other with a pink triangle. This is surprisingly strong and incredibly shocking: gay love in Auschwitz. What comes out of the movie is that love over there in Tel Aviv or Nablus is impossible. The film is therefore a denunciation of the conflict in Palestine that can only continue despite the fact that it has no reason to exist even if it has thousands of reasons to go forward. We should never have allowed Britain to deal with the region long ago. Today we must find a solution in which no one will be humiliated. This will only be possible if all come together to find a lasting solution. But so far everyone is trying to avoid that confrontation and general discussion preferring bilateral manipulations. So the suffering will go on and love will be forbidden, obviously not sex because children are necessary for the war to continue: therefore to procreate more and more small soldiers. But love is just an extra-terrestrial concept. <br /> <br /> Dr. Jacques COULARDEAU, University Paris Dauphine & University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne
