It is hard not to have sympathy for Israeli director Eytan Fox and his films, which describe life in the Middle East and the intrinsic problems that gay people may have in these regions. It has also given a voice to the younger generations, and to the remarkable part of them, who really need PEACE and who no longer want to acknowledge a war that for too long has marked the existence of people, both in Israel and in Palestine . These reasons, in my opinion, are enough to consider Fox a noteworthy director, even when his feeling for melodrama is a little out of control. However the fans of his films (which he made in the team with Gal Uchovsky, his producer, co-writer and also life partner) seem not to be upset by this, since his new film, THE BUBBLE (HA-BUAH ), is having the same success as the previous YOSSI & JAGGER and WALK ON THE WATER. Announced as a contemporary gay version of "Romeo & Juliet", set in the current Tel Aviv instead of Verona and with two men (one Israeli and the other Palestinian) instead of the two young Shakespearean lovers, the film is actually quite different from that or, better, it is also something else. Actually the title bubble is the world apart where the main man, Noam, played by the regular Fox Ohad Knoller (Yossi in YOSSI and JAGGER, but I must confess that I miss Jagger, the amazing Yehuda Levi!) And his two roommates, a boy and a girl, chose to live. Around the age of thirty, restless, witty and firm (although the protagonist has just spent a period as a national service in a checkpoint on the border with Palestine) to live a life that will not be made only of war. The two guys are gay and together with the girl they founded a trio in which they love and support each other. Their lives are set to change when Noam falls in love with Ashraf (TV star Yousef 'Joe' Sweid), a young Palestinian who came to live in Tel Aviv. The laws in force between the group are neglected, but not the will to help a friend. Still it won't be easy for Noam and his friends, because Ashraf is illegal in Israel and in the meantime his family, who lives in Palestine and doesn't know he is gay, can't wait to set his marriage with a beautiful girl, who is a relative of the beloved sister of Ashraf's spouse, who is also a terrorist and will have a strong responsibility in the development of the plot, with consequences not only for the two men. Because the prejudices against homosexuality and peace (interesting dualism, if not automatic) are stubborn and therefore the tragedy is inevitable. Although the film focuses on the obstacles that the relationship between Noam and Ashraf encounters, it does not neglect the other characters, who are well written (for example Golan, Yelli's boyfriend, Noam's tenant, presented as a lively boor, and then revealed as a sweeter and more open person) and rightly executed (in addition to the two leads, we must not overlook the funny Zohar Liba and the beautiful Daniela Virtzer, the girl of the band, besides LATE MARRIAGE, the star Lior Ashkenazi appears as himself in a cameo). He also mixes the dark tones with the brightest ones, even if the director cannot do without a melodramatic conclusion. I saw this movie over a month ago and in the meantime I thought about it a lot, proving that Fox and his friend have a talent for hitting the house.
