Since the advent of literature, people of all nationalities have been fascinated and easily touched by reports of unhappy love. Even more fascinating have always been the stories of an impossible love, the love that cannot be. The latest film by Israeli director Eytan Fox "The Bubble" talks about this, and then it is not: the film's title refers to the "bubble" that is Tel-Aviv against the background of Israeli political realities. The cosmopolitan and unofficial capital of the country has little in common with Nablus, a city in the Palestinian West Bank, also present in the film. It does not have much in common with the tense and hateful atmosphere at the Palestinian checkpoints. In fact, it doesn't seem to have much in common with everything around it. The Tel-Aviv "bubble" allows people to have a lifestyle that is not very different from what you can expect in any Western city. Guys looking for the discs of Britney Spears, a lifestyle magazine publisher looking for a sexy cover for her next issue, fashionable people sitting in trendy cafés discussing fashionable things about cappuccino cups and other fashionable drinks , while those at home are watching the local edition of Pop Idol. It is this "bubble" that also has the potential to lull your mind into a false sense of reality. <br /> <br /> The film evolves around the lives of three young Israelis who share an apartment and, for the most part, try to stay out of politics. Yelli, the owner of the field and manager of "Orna & Ella", a trendy coffee, rarely leaves the city and prefers not to think about the shit that surrounds them. "Noam, a soft and casual employee of a record store slightly avant-garde, he seems to be just as reluctant to engage in lengthy discussions and political contemplations. Lulu, the only woman on the lot, is instead tied to the Israeli left, even though her political activities seem to be limited to raves against the occupation. "Yelli and Noam naturally does not oppose the participation in these. and his political friends make t-shirts with the rave logo, publish posters and distribute brochures that they advertise in the neighborhood. Their main concern seems to be that there are never real Palestinians participating and that the police could come and ruin everything as close as possible A real confrontation is possible when they launch into a struggle with some non-Palestinian locals trying to prevent them from distributing flyers. In other words, the predictable products of the bubble ". <br /> <br /> The opening scenes of the film take us to a checkpoint on a road to Nablus where we also find Noam doing his reserve duty. A group of Palestinians is carefully checked before entering Israel, including a pregnant woman who suddenly goes into labor and gives birth to a stillborn baby despite the best efforts of Noam and the doctor who eventually arrives in an ambulance. a young man who later shows up at Noam's house in Tel-Aviv with his card, which obviously fell during the ordeal at the border His name is Ashraf, he is Palestinian and he is gay And he has not just returned to return the ID, he came to see Noam. Without a permit to live in Israel and despite the first hesitation of Noam's roommates, he remains. Jewish, no n has an Arabic accent that allows him and his new friends to hide his identity. The sky is light blue and the air is sweet. But it can't last. Because it has become part of an equation that should never have been. <br /> <br /> At one point, Noam and Ashraf attend a play called Bent about two prisoners in a Nazi concentration camp who have a love relationship that may never become physical or visible to the guards surrounding. They find a way of being together on another level, a metaphysical one, a level where no one else has access. This is also the place where our couple comes to an end. And it couldn't have been much different for them, not in today's Israel. <br /> <br /> "The Bubble" is a political statement on the bubble that bursts against the political realities of Israel today against the backdrop of a beautiful and strange love affair involving an Israeli and a Palestinian, the impossible love story in a divided world where there are no such things as compromise or other colors besides black and white. "The Bubble" is also a beautiful film about people, gay and heterosexual, who live in that strange city, Tel-Aviv, shown through the eyes of people who really care about them. The premise of the film could have its flaws and the fatal chain of events may seem somehow interpreted, but its strong message and emotional impact will not leave you intact.
