The Israeli-Palestinian conflict persists and while the world may be aware of the violence surrounding the division of the two countries, few have a key to the other aspect of the division - the group of people who want peace and work to eradicate separation. Eytan Fox, in THE BUBBLE ('Ha-Buah'), has created a much needed alternative view of the schism, choosing to tell a story that contains a good mood, a lot of love and a taste of brutal reality. It is a window in a situation that requires understanding. <br /> <br /> In Tel Aviv, three close friends are roommates: Lulu (Daniela Virtzer), a beautiful young woman with strong opinions; Yali (Alon Friedman), a young gay very "out" who works in a famous cafe; and Noam (Ohad Knoller), a handsome and somewhat shy guy who, in addition to his daily work in a music store, is a member of the National Guard and therefore spends his free time guarding city checkpoints. It is during one of these weekend guards that he meets a young Palestinian named Ashraf (Yousef 'Joe' Sweid), and a mutual attraction occurs. The three friends decide to "illegally" the present illegally Ashraf (who they nicknamed with an Israeli name) and while Ashraf and Noam establish a loving relationship, Yali takes Ashraf in his cafe, and Yali and Lulu both go in search of interests of love, as well. Everything is fine until Ashraf has to go home for his sister's wedding. Although in Tel Aviv Ashraf could have been openly gay with Noam, life is very different in Jerusalem: Ashraf is told that he must marry his sister's future sister. In an attempt to save Ashraf from his fate, Noam and Lulu disguise themselves as French reporters to gain access to Ashraf. In a moment of alleged loneliness, Noam and Ashraf are discovered kissing by the future spouse, and this act is a reason for blackmail because Ashraf remains "in the closet". <br /> <br /> While the young people of Tel Aviv are dancing at an event to call attention to peaceful coexistence, an attack occurs in Jerusalem - one that has serious consequences not only immediately, but also in the mission of revenge which Ashraf must now assume. The ending is tragic on many levels and underlines how serious the problem between these two countries is. <br /> <br /> The acting is so natural that both from a comic and a tragic point of view the public completely believes in these beautiful young people. The story finds the right balance between serious and carefree and it is this balance that makes Eytan Fox such a good writer / director. Other people should watch this important and very beautiful film. In Hebrew, Arabic and English with subtitles. Grady Harp
