I am currently on vacation in Israel for the summer, and so I was able to see this incredible film. A little warning before starting to write: I speak Hebrew fluently, and therefore the Jewish parts were not a problem; however, about a quarter (a little less) of the film is in Arabic, and I failed to understand a little of this subtitle. This did not detract from my understanding of the film, but it made me miss a few lines that evoked some loud laughter in the theater. <br /> <br /> After a year of American cinema that many have hailed as one of the greatest years for cinema and homosexual relationships, it takes something really special to keep one's head and shoulders above the rest; however, "The Bubble" surpasses all others with its blend of excellent acting, witty dialogue and significant political climate. <br /> <br /> The film opens at a checkpoint on the Israeli-Palestinian border; For the first few moments, we are not sure of the type of film we entered. Still, this is an important element of the strength of this film. The political situation and the extreme tension in the air are constantly in the background. Above all, Tel Aviv is a character in its own right in this film. It is constantly referenced. Street names and restaurant names are constantly exchanged. The development of skyline and city is criticized quite harshly, and eventually the city evolves along with the film The film focuses on the love between Noam (Ohad Knoller) and a Palestinian immigrant, Ashraf (Yousef 'Joe' Sweid), with the Tel Aviv society and Palestine serve as a constant foil. We always know that their relationship is forbidden and this creates a sense of urgency rarely present in the cinema. Love is incredibly strong and stands as the focus of the film. Secondary relationships and friendships are equally strong: the lively relationship of restaurant owner Yelli (Yousef 'Joe' Sweid) with the ultra-butch and greedy golan soldier, Golan (Zohar Liba), is particularly a source of fun. The love scenes that abound in this film are all refined and refined works of art, and the cinematography is stunning: in the first love scene of the film, the camera turns off while a male character has oral sex in Lulu (Daniela Virtzer) and dissolves in a coup of Noam and Ashraf. All others have led the viewer to realize that all these relationships are expressions of the same form of love. <br /> <br /> Giving more space to the plot would be a tragedy, but know that there is a lot of political tension and tragedy that touches the current global political climate, so I will concentrate instead on the spiritual dialogue. Even when I watched this film in my second language, I couldn't stop laughing. Lines of particular amusement include the question of whether gay suicide bombers receive virgin women or men in paradise, and a Bible analogy to Sampson as the world's first suicide bomber. This dialogue shows a particular sense of purity and reality that is rarely seen in cinema. The music used in the film is also particularly powerful. Music is used only at times when the characters can or should listen to it legitimately, and in a scene the music weakens when a character removes a headset and stops when it removes the other. Small elements like this really elevate the film. <br /> <br /> I could not give more recommendations to a film; this is a superb work of cinema, cathartic and extremely well done.
