This first installment of Magnus' personal work by Crispin Glover asks you to think a little, and therefore cannot be recommended for any spectator who does not want to sit down and confuse the images of Glover or follow the surprisingly simple ones ?? but strangely blurred ?? thread of his narrative. For the most casual spectators, yes, it will probably turn into a confusing mixture of strange, surprising and disturbing images for fantasy reasons. <br /> <br /> You have the feeling that Glover doesn't care about this, and listens almost willingly because someone hated the movie about why they liked it. Glover's innate enthusiasm for his work and the way in which the public interprets him is strongly communicated not only through the film itself, but also through the unusual questions and answer sessions that he frequently leads after the screenings; he clearly hopes that people will continue to think about what he has presented. <br /> <br /> The easiest way to interpret and reject the film is to label it as Dada or nihilist, a youthful attack on the modern film industry by an actor who has worked both without and inside. But there's a reason why Glover makes his presentation before showing his film, and it's not just for selling books; his books juxtapose and create a narrative from images and text that Glover put together, and What Is It? does the same with images taken from Western culture. <br /> <br /> What is it? is a captivating and compelling film in ways that are hardly expected during viewing. Much has already been done about Glover's use of actors with Down syndrome, and indeed this is one of the most surprising aspects of the film. So strident, in fact, that many seem to interpret it as a sort of wide-ranging crusade to see a more realistic and / or dignified representation of the disabled in films and on television or, at the opposite end of the spectrum, as a sort of direct exploitation of disabled. But neither is it, and perhaps this is part of what makes this film so uncomfortable for many: the underlying agenda is not political or hateful, but one of looking beyond the dominant culture into a kind of ugliness to stranger. It is not a film about Down syndrome, but it is a film that is owned by the actors with Down syndrome who appear in it. <br /> <br /> I am the kind of person who is completely gung-ho when it comes to ugliness and strangeness that is portrayed so abruptly that it is beautiful; happily for me, this is pretty much exactly how What Is It? is presented to the spectators. Glover uses the strange images of snails, death and the disabled, partly because he wants his audience to feel uncomfortable both because of the absolute strangeness of the imaginary and because of the visceral reaction one experiences with the dying cries of an anthropomorphized snail. In a sense, the strangely interesting (and sometimes decidedly grotesque) elements of What Is It? reminds me of the work of the painter Francis Bacon ?? he of the notorious popes, yes, and the strange distortions of the human figure that inevitably make the spectators shudder and want to look away. Like Bacon's paintings, Glover's film manages to be opulent and humble, gritty and glossy, chaotic and well-crafted? and contradictions help make it even more disconcerting. But still this is not a completely serious film, and largely manages to evade the biggest pitfalls of the claim through the use of humor which, for the most part, derives from the use (and juxtaposition) of objects, images and familiar names of popular culture. And when is it? it's fun, it's a lot of fun. <br /> <br /> In general, what is it? is an impressive first film by Glover as a director and writer, and his presence as an actor in the film proves to be almost the distraction one might expect. Watching it is like being an observer in the kind of dream that isn't exactly good or bad, but just weird ?? and this leaves you slightly sweaty when you wake up. If this is the kind of art you like, What Is It? it's likely to exceed your expectations and it's worth seeing it at the theater, along with The Big Slide Show and Glover itself. All in all, it is an experience that you will hardly forget soon.
