This movie sat on my Tivo for weeks before I looked at it. I was afraid of a self-indulgent yuppie movie about bad relationships. I was wrong; this was a thrilling excursion into the dejected libido of New Yorkers. <br /> <br /> The format is the same as "La Ronde" by Max Ophuls, based on a play by Arthur Schnitzler, which is given an "inspired by" credit. It starts with a person, a prostitute, standing on a street corner in Brooklyn. It is picked up by a businessman at home, who has sex with her on the hood of a car, but cannot come. He refuses to pay it. When he's out of pee, he answers the phone and makes a message. Run away with his keys. <br /> <br /> Then the story passes to the contractor, who pays a professional call on a rich and bored New Yorker woman, who plays with him until he gets excited, then walks away. She tells him how desperate and unhappy she is; he tells her how beautiful and lucky she is. While she's leaving, she asks if he would have sex with her. She sits on him, bounces up and down. This time he arrives, he leaves. <br /> <br /> The woman and her husband organize a dinner for their fashionable friends. The husband (Robert) talks about business, his wife (Ellen) is bored and changes the subject to sex, and how often men and women think about it. The husband changes the conversation in the desert. Later, after the guests leave, Ellen tries to convince Robert to have sex. Robert wants none of this and puts on a jazz record. Ellen turns on the radio; Robert shows the music; Ellen turns on the TV; Robert turns on another TV. The cacophony follows. Ellen goes up to the roof, Robert joins her. Ellen confesses that she needs to experience more men than men other than Robert. Robert says that he too needs to experience men. <br /> <br /> We will follow Robert while visiting an artist, Martin, played by Steve Buscemi. I wish Buscemi could have more roles like this, where he's a sexy, intelligent, totally desirable guy. Robert appreciates Martin's work, much more than he deserves, he promises to put it in a show. Martin is excited, until it turns out that Robert is speaking from his groin, it's all a mating dance. Robert tries to kiss Martin on the lips, and Martin pulls back, saying he's not gay. Robert says he is not gay, Martin deride. Both admit that works of art are bad. Robert is about to leave, when Martin allows Robert to kiss him. They find out, and Robert descends on Martin. <br /> <br /> We then follow Martin as he prepares for an art exhibition in a Manhattan gallery. He is struck by the receptionist, Anna, played by Rosario Dawson. (I had to pick up some of these reviews to keep them less than 1000 words) ... and make love to each other. <br /> <br /> We then follow Anna, who is sitting at a kiosk. Her boyfriend, Nick (Adrian Grenier), enters, bringing flowers. She is cold towards him; try to understand why. He brings out the information that he had sex with someone while he was in San Francisco. She persuades him that he stayed with his ex-gf in San Francisco and had sex with her. This last revelation turns out to be a lie. The two go out for lunch, but she decides they have to leave. Nick has a broken heart. And we follow Nick, who confesses his problems to an old woman he meets on a park bench, Joey (Carol Kane). Joey is a bit weird and childish, but it's a good audience for Nick, who needs a sympathetic ear. The two go to Coney Island at night and watch the stars. Nick falls under the spell of Joey, despite the age difference between them. They go back to Joey's apartment, and Nick gradually realizes he's going to have sex with a crazy old woman. She's above him, she doesn't want to let him go. But he manages to escape. <br /> <br /> (This is, by the way, the best role for Carol Kane since she played Latke's wife in Taxi.) Joey's phone rings, and it's a man who calls the Psychic Friends network and Joey is one of the psychic friends. Although still wounded by Nick, he gradually enters his psychic trick. The man is in his office, late at night, and wants to have phone sex with her. Even if it's not Joey's business, Joey goes ahead and convinces the man to come. He wants to keep talking, even if the man wants to get off the phone and discovers he has stolen a lot of money from his company, and will be discovered tomorrow. His life is ruined. Joey realizes that the man will commit suicide, and she tries to make him believe that she is his friend, that he cares about him. And she worries about him. <br /> <br /> But the man sticks a gun in his briefcase, and goes to look for a prostitute on the Brooklyn waterfront, and we return to the beginning, to the same prostitute who started the Ronde. He wants to give him $ 75,000 in cash if she kills him. He tried to kill himself, but he couldn't. The prostitute does not want to do it, but insists, holding her hand, holding the gun in her mouth, telling her where to aim. In the end, the gun goes off, and we see the prostitute walking down the street, and arriving at the corner where she normally does business. The contractor who did not pay her first in the film goes up, rolls down the window. They look at each other. THE END.
