What else could I say? Americans totally hated him because cutting in the United States was so bad, even though you could perceive the underlying goodwill in it. <br /> <br /> Speaking of the American theatrical version (together with the Blu-ray Disc version just released), it is faster and narrower than HK cut, the background music has all been modified by the dark, dark HK music to Hip-hop music; and there were many cut-out macabre scenes. However, dubbing was a remarkable job as they tried to capture the voice and tone of the original actor. But the problem is Hak Hap (Black Mask), the film was designed and thought to be dark, dark, super-creepy and totally creepy. Unfortunately the American version has barely touched the cream he wanted, which in turn completely changed the undertone of the film (the HK version had 18+ votes) to be even more comical and amateur. <br /> <br /> Now let's talk about the original HK release. This film is like a hidden gem, a prototype for the entire era and the era of the "matrix". The fighting scenes are absolutely fantastic, even though the shooting was a bit "old school" among Hong Kong films. However the style created by the film was a unique blend of Kungfu and pop culture. With all the black leathers, costumes and decorations, this film features a batman-like superhero in a black mask against a band of multinational super-soldiers led by a punk heavy metal rock star boss. Yes, it seems like the imagination of a retarded child, but it works. It's so impressive that the whole movie will make you nightmares with foreigners fighting a battle for a bloodbath in leather. In 2002 they made a sequel that had a PG-13 score, but without Jet Li and Liu Qing Yun. And you know how bad it was because Li and Liu were the main characters in the film and had a strong personality and an interesting friendship. And, did I happen to talk about Francois Yip? His circular kick was very nice, even more cool than the bad boss because he didn't use a stuntman for all the fights. Did I mention that he was smoking while hot? However, there are many things that the film likes. <br /> <br /> However, the film also suffered from many problems. First of all, it's a mediocre script made to its full potential, which means that this production team deserved a better screenwriter. There are many culminating moments in all 100 minutes, but they often felt unlikely and made absolutely no sense to the public (the American version was even worse because all the character developments were cut off). However, you can't ask too much for an action movie inspired by comics. Furthermore, this film is completely inappropriate for children. I would not recommend it if you are under 20 years old. It is saturated with disturbing contents including blood, blood, Sada-Maso costumes, extreme brutal violence and so on. Along with the style of the film, it can be called a wet dream for heavy metal rock fans and action fans. (the cut in the United States was milder, but if you want to see it, look at the HK exit for what it is.) 7/10. State: stimulating, hidden, undervalued, adult.
