In 1999, in The Straight Story, David Lynch's first film was praised for ignoring his regular macabre and surreal themes. Based on a true story of a man and his journey to visit his stranger brother on a John Deere '66 mower, at first glance it's a strange story for Lynch to direct. However, as the story develops, you can see some of Lynch's distinctive motifs. <br /> <br /> Lynch's focus on small America and its inhabitants is still as prevalent as in its previous efforts as Blue Velvet or Twin Peaks, but the most notable difference is that the strangeness is reduced. The restrictions imposed mean that the film has the remarkable recognition of being one of the few live action films that I can think of as having a G rating. Incredibly significant, this film is proof that it is possible to produce beautiful and meaningful films for the family . <br /> <br /> The Straight Story was the first feature-length film directed by Lynch in which he had no chance to write. For many devotees of Lynch this was a huge negative point. Almost universally acclaimed, the only excessively negative review by James Brundage of filmcritic.com focused on this criticism, which was not a typical Lynch film. "Lynch is grappling with the plot of a G-Rated story that is not his." Brundage states, with his protagonist Alvin Straight "quoting the lines directly from Confucious". He claims that the story is weak and the dialogue even worse. Yet this is the only criticism that many will read for the film. Although it is true that it is not Lynch in the sense of Eraserhead, Lost Highway or Mulholland Drive - all the movies I also love, The Straight Story presents a different side of Lynch that is not terrible at all. If you're a Lynch fan, it's very important to separate that side of Lynch with this feature. <br /> <br /> The narrative is slow and reflective, which gives you a real sense of the protagonist's thoughts as he goes to his destination Alvin constantly remembers his past and his relationships with his wife, his children and his brother. However, it is particularly significant that there are no flashbacks, which only add effects, which reminded me of my conversations with my grandparents. The conclusion comes as looking at a boat that is transported along a slow winding river and is beautiful to look at. The natural landscapes of the United States are accentuated and together with the beautiful soundtrack by Angelo Badalamenti, it makes me want to go to America. Performance is excellent even with every credible actor in their roles and Richard Farnsworth is particularly excellent. His Oscar nomination was well deserved and it was a pity he didn't win. Regardless, however, it is probably the best swan song for any actor. <br /> <br /> So, while The Straight Story does not present any of Lynch's complex narratives or dialogues about the brands, the film is a fascinating study of aging characters and is highly recommended!
