Who would have thought that a film about a man driving a couple of hundred kilometers on his lawnmower to see his brother could be a good movie? I certainly don't. I thought I knew what to expect: one of the most boring experiences of my life. Well, I was as wrong as I was wrong too often, because this is one of the best, most realistic and honest Hollywood movies I've ever seen ... <br /> <br /> Giving a short CV of "The Straight Story" it's not very difficult. It is an old and stubborn man who walks on his lawnmower and goes to another state to pay a visit to his brother when he feels that the man has had a serious stroke. This is already special for himself, but what makes it even more special is the fact that he hasn't seen his brother in ten years because of a stupid argument. Meanwhile he has his share of misfortune and problems, but he also meets many people whose lives influence his philosophical approach to life in one way or another. Despite all the difficulties he has been driving for weeks, not knowing if he will reach his goal: to see his brother again before it is too late ... <br /> <br /> I can easily understand why there are people who do not like this movie and this is also the reason why I won't say that these people don't have a heart or anything like that ... This movie has no flashy action scenes, it's slow as the man's lawnmower is going on and no, you don't have to not even look at it for the beautiful soundtrack, because there is none. But why should you watch it then? Well, the simple answer is history. I have not seen such a touching film with such a powerful story very often and the fact that this actually comes from Hollywood and - to make things even better - from Disney Studio (it's true, the same studios that overwhelm us with sweet sugar nonsense ) makes it even more special. I am not ashamed to admit that I had tears in my eyes a few times as I watched, probably because the whole situation of not seeing someone for many years due to a stupid argument is all too realistic for me. > <br /> Some people claim that the story is very superficial, but I don't agree at all. Maybe it's because they only see that old man driving on his lawn mower and don't want to think any further. If you look close enough you will understand that this man is doing all this because he knows that he once made a mistake, that only his pride prevented him from seeing his brother again and that he wants everyone to see him too, so they will not make the same mistake. If this isn't deep enough, how deeper does a story have to make for you then? <br /> <br /> I would also like to add that this film really had it all. Some beautiful landscapes (finally an American film that shows something else besides the skyline of New York, Chicago or some other big city), some very beautiful performances by Richard Farnsworth, Sissy Spacek, ... and a very understandable way to tell despite fact that this is a film by David Lynch. Now I know I was completely wrong assuming that this film would not be for my taste. It's one of the best movies I've seen in a long time. This film aimed at my heart and hit the target. I give him the full 10/10.
