Perhaps more than many films, this is not for everyone. For some people the idea of ​​slowing down, reflecting and allowing things to happen in their time is a good description of their personal hell. For others, an approach like this speaks of some deep parts of them that know how to exist, in part with which they wish to be contacted. I suppose it's a function of where I am in my life these days, but I consider myself in the field of the latter group. I found the meditative rhythm of this almost hypnotic film, gently guiding me into an almost mythological realm. This is really a travel story, a rich portrait of the distance that many of us have to travel if we want to close the circle at the end of our days. <br /> <br /> Much has been written about Alvin's presentation of Farnsworth Dritto, although I'm not sure there are words to express the exquisite balance between the confused sadness and the wise innocence he evoked for us. Knowing that he was really dealing with his own mortality while sitting in the tractor seat, I am pleased to have had the opportunity to spend time with him before he left. I hope he had a small glimmer of satisfaction and truth that led to so many people, not just to "act" but to share his absolute humanity with such brutal honesty. <br /> <br /> Given the realities of economy production, I'm not sure Lynch gave full credit to the courage he showed in allowing the story to develop so slowly. A stranger to film production, yet I understand that there are few areas of modern life where the expression "time is money" is so accurately descriptive. Going deep into our hearts is not an adventure that can be rushed, and to his merit Mr. Lynch seems to have understood that he was not simply telling a story - he was inviting his spectators to spend some time with his own mortality . No simple task, that. <br /> <br /> If you would like to experience the power of the movie to let you know a precious part of yourself, you could do worse than spend a couple of hours with The Straight Story. And then give yourself some time for the next while simply listening to his echoes in the small hours of the night.
