Just when it was easy to assume that a costume drama about royalty could not go anywhere, we are given a drama, a moving and intelligent drama anchored by strong and charismatic performances of Emily Blunt, a marvel in the lead role, Paul Bettany, Rupert Friend, Miranda Richardson and Mark Strong, as the immediate forces that help shape the development of one of England's most powerful monarchs. "The Young Victoria" dramatizes the tumultuous transition of the young woman in power. <br /> <br /> Emily plays the queen, with a good combination of raw strength and innocence, someone who recognizes the complexity of the task at hand, but who has enough confidence to move forward. She is able to play Victoria, like a smart young woman who knows she needs the support of some key players and must be able to resist those who may now have her best interests at hand. <br /> <br /> Victoria must defend a flurry of intrusions on her way to the crown, and even when she takes command of her new position, she discovers that the road to self-sufficiency will depend on making some very important decisions and, of course, the right support. Fortunately for Victoria, there is Albert, a man who seems to appreciate her and is his soul mate. There is an incredible chemistry between the two performers, and there is no doubt that it will be the result, but there is the figure of the Prime Minister of Bettany, a man who provides Victoria with wise support and who is also fond of. <br /> <br /> Miranda Richardson and Mark Strong shine in secondary roles as two parts that could be of questionable character and exercise a significant amount of power in the education of the girl. Each of the supporting characters could use a little more development, but what we can see on the screen might be enough to focus on the central character and a superb performance by Blunt, an actress who showed enough focus and passion in previous shows. Here, she is given the fundamental role of her career, a historical figure of real life, who has broken the rules and managed to govern for a very long time. It shows the seeds of strength and character that the monarch could have needed in his later years. He also has a sweetness and innocence that have become the foundation of his charitable work and future intervention in social change. <br /> <br /> "The Young Victoria" is not a regal epic portrait of the British ruling class. It is an intimate story of how human beings grow and what special circumstances surround them and shape them. In the end, the film is a beautiful entry in a year that has shown much emphasis on war and destruction. Here, there is a message that good writing and good mediation can take us very far, and of course there is a good old fashioned love story.
