Who knew? Dowdy Queen Victoria, the plump monarch who was a virtual recluse for 40 years after the death of her husband, Prince Albert, actually led a life full of drama and intrigue in her childhood. 'The Young Victoria' not only tells the young queen's love story with her future husband, but also does an excellent job in describing the political machinations surrounding her accession to the throne. <br /> <br /> The Act The set-up attracts you immediately. After the death of the Duke of Kent, the Duke of Kent in 1820, less than a year after Victoria's birth, the Duchess of Kent joined the former army officer John Conroy, who offered his services as the widow's controller and his queen-girl child. Conroy insisted that Victoria be raised under the atrocious 'Kensington system', rules aimed at preventing the future Queen from having contact with other children during growth. In addition, Victoria was forced to sleep in her mother's bedroom every day until she became a queen. <br /> <br /> The film explains that in 1830 the Parliament approved the Regency Act, which established that Victoria's mother would become regent (and therefore guardian) in the event that Victoria had joined the throne while still a minor. During this time, the Duchess and Conroy tried to intimidate the unfortunate princess and insisted that he sign documents that made Conroy his private secretary and treasurer. The strong-willed Victoria didn't want to know and refused to follow the nefarious plans of Conroy and her mother. The Duchess did not like King William, since she considered him a womanizer who did not respect the monarchy; the king felt the duchess disrespected his wife. As a result, the duchess attempted to limit Victoria's contact with the king. In an exaggerated scene that seemed to have actually happened in the story, the king scolded the duchess at her birthday banquet, stating that her goal was to survive until Victoria turned 18, so that her mother would not become regent. <br /> <br /> King William kept his word and died shortly after Victoria became eligible to enter the throne. Victoria took her mother's revenge for her support of Conroy, whom she blamed for making her childhood so unhappy. They were both banished in a secluded apartment in Buckingham Palace and for many years Victoria had little contact with her mother. <br /> <br /> 'The Young Victoria' conveys the excitement and pomp and circumstances surrounding Victoria's crowning as a queen. A good part of the film deals with Victoria's relationship with Lord Melbourne, the prime minister of Whig's party, who unfortunately is depicted in the film much younger than it actually was. At the beginning Melbourne gets the trust of the young queen and they become good friends. In the early years of his reign, he sees Melbourne as a progressive, but later loses respect for him somewhat as he turned out to be a typical politician, hiding his contempt for the masses that should be the champion. In reality, Melbourne was more of a father figure to Victoria, but the film alludes to some sexual tension between the Prime Minister and Prince Albert, as if they were romantic rivals. <br /> <br /> The plot thickens when Melbourne is forced and the Queen has to commission Sir Robert Peel, of the most conservative conservative party, as the new Prime Minister. The film recounts the events of "The Bedchamber Crisis" in which Peel resigned after Victoria refused to replace some of her bedroom ladies with the wives of Tory politicians. The film leaves out another scandal involving a Mrs. Hastings, one of the duchess's ladies, accused of having an affair with John Conroy and becoming pregnant by him. Because of her hatred of Conroy, Victoria contributed to the ugly rumors that spread about Hastings' alleged pregnancy. As it turned out, Hastings only appeared during pregnancy, what she actually had was an abdominal tumor. Victoria's inexperience manifests itself during the Bedchamber crisis but the film's screenwriters ignore some of the most unpleasant aspects of her character, as evidenced by the Hastings affair. <br /> <br /> The rest of "The Young Victoria" deals with - Obviously - the love story between the queen and Prince Albert. Victoria kept Albert on hold, as the film makes clear, since he wanted to acclimatize to his duties again as Sovereign. They spent a good deal of time with each other until Albert returned to England and supported Victoria during the difficult times of the Bedchamber crisis. <br /> <br /> I find a good number of parallels between Prince Albert and Prince Philip, the queen's current husband. While Philip is mainly Danish, he went to school in Germany and had in-laws who were of German origin. Both Albert and Philip did their duty to reform the label in the Court (there is a great scene in which Albert discovers that the servants are still preparing a table for King George III even though he had been dead for years!). Albert's struggle was the same for Filippo as the husband of Monarchi, they had to find something to do. Both Albert and Philip have been involved in various civic projects and have shown that they do not have to live continuously in the shadow of their increasingly popular wives. <br /> <br /> Fortunately there is an excellent scene towards the end of the film where Albert rages Victoria with what he perceives as his "interference" in his business. Albert does not want a second "bedroom crisis", so he passes by his wife's head and arranges a compromise involving the ladies of Victoria's bedroom. Victoria is barely talking to Albert when an assassin's bullets almost cut off both of them (in the movie Albert gets shot in the arm but this never happened!). <br /> <br /> The performances in the film are uniformly excellent, especially the principals, Emily Blunt and Rupert Friend. The young Victoria ends rather abruptly and the credits are too inclined towards hagiography (no mention of Victoria's depression after Albert's death). But "Victoria" is still an engaging drama and a fascinating history lesson.
