Initially I was forced to attend my wife because she is fascinated by the royal families of Great Britain and their history, and she will not go to the cinema without me. Although viewers should not expect to be electrified, this film is very well done and the visual aspect is second to none. In many ways it helps to dispel the myth that Victoria was the miserable, grumpy and dirty woman that is usually seen in photographs. She was a brilliant girl and according to the story of her early years, a happy and fun loving young woman. His love for Albert was the essence of true love, and even if you count only the number of children he wore (9), they must have had a passionate relationship. All this is well confirmed in the film. To this end, the cast has been well selected with both Emily Blunt and Rupert Friend giving sound performances like Victoria and Albert. <br /> <br /> (SPOILER ALERT) Historical accuracy is somewhat questionable as at no time did Prince Albert shoot while defending Victoria. There was at least one murder attempt when they were out together, but nobody was hit by the shot. I also found it strange that little was done to expand the alleged intimate relationship between Victoria's mother and Sir John Conroy. It is very likely that this relationship was the real reason for Victoria's disgust for her mother and Conroy. I also found it strange that there was an attempt to portray the relationship between Victoria and Lord Melbourne as incorrect on the romantic, or at least have the potential to become romantic. He was already in his fifties when Victoria came to the throne, and while marriages between old men and young women were common at that time, the film portrays Melbourne as a triumphant and something that rivals Prince Albert. There were apparently Albert's rivals, but she could never marry even slightly below her position in life, and Albert was one of the few that would have been acceptable anyway. <br /> <br /> All in all I spent worse times at the cinema, and things to do with my wife can't be a bad thing.
