It is the misfortune of Queen Victoria to be defined as a historical figure based on her relationships with men. Shortly after she managed to ascend the throne, she came under the influence of her prime minister Lord Melbourne to the extent that she became known as "Mrs Melbourne". After the death of her beloved husband, Albert, she was called "The widow of Windsor", and years after a long friendship with her Scottish ghillie John Brown earned her the nickname "Mrs Brown". This is the price paid by women in a patriarchal society. The reality is somewhat different and "Young Victoria" goes some way to making things clear by describing the queen as an intelligent and independent young woman aware of the injustices in her society and her court. The courts have always been hotbeds of boiling jealousy, conspiracies and the back ground, naked ambition and, at times, total murder. As an 18-year-old innocent, Victoria took the throne of her uncle, thus initiating a positive orgy of intrigue and a power struggle between Prime Minister Lord Melbourne and his rival Sir Robert Peel. Lord Melbourne takes a turn from the old type of public school with its refined cynicism and valuable advice. It is therefore not surprising that the young queen finds herself in awe of him, and perhaps even a little in love, a reverential awe that ruthlessly exploits, tracing a thin line between an attempt at seduction and an attempt at sedition while imposing her policy against the best judgment of Victoria. In the arena he rides Prince Albert, on a mission by King Leopold of Belgium, passionate about political rapprochement between Great Britain and the rest of Europe. At first a reluctant suitor soon falls in love with the English queen and makes the influence of politicians and courtiers pale. "The Young Victoria" is a beautifully photographed film, brilliantly marked and very sumptuous. I note that he has been criticized in some quarters for this sumptuousness, as if a film on English history of the nineteenth century should somehow show the empress of India and her family living in rags in a dirty work house ... ..... I don't think so. I must locate the extraordinary Miss Emily Blunt, whose beauty reminded me of young Princess Margaret. His key role is obviously his, and he has no problem dominating the film despite the strong performances of Jim Broadbent, Miss Miranda Richardson and Miss Harriet Walter, all immeasurably more experienced. The music is appropriately regal and forms a coherent part of the entire film without being in any way intrusive. The fact that the Britan has flourished more under his two great queens, Elizabeth the First and Victoria, which at any other time is a question that feminists would like to do more, but, I suspect, as Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher really powerful women make her feel uncomfortable. If you can understand why there could be a doctorate. inside.
