What else can you say? I haven't been fascinated by a young actress since Cate Blanchett exploded on the scene over ten years ago. And even though both Blanchett and Blunt played Queens now (seems to be the benchmark for emerging actresses), the roles are completely polar opposites. <br /> <br /> In a nutshell if you are looking for a high passion, a compelling drama and Machiavellian intrigue, this is not the movie for you. This does not mean that the script or direction was bad, it is just that the subject of the film did not lead a life too dramatic compared to other noteworthy rulers such as Elizabeth I, Anna Boylen, Henry VIII, Henry V, Henry II and Elainor of Acquitane. These are people whose lives were the ones whose good soap operas are made and whose policies and decisions have altered the course of the English, and in most cases, the history of the world. Victoria, on the other hand, came to the throne without incident, almost ruled a nation that was rapidly becoming a global power due to industrialization and the rise of the Navy, its state had a stable government led by competent and dynamic politicians, and married young people had a harmonious family life. The facts of his life are not the Sturm und Drag, as powerful dramas are made. <br /> <br /> The heart of the film, apart from the attempt to dramatize its growth and the mechanism surrounding its throne, is the story of the only thing that was really shocking and surprising about his reign, a love story. Marriage done for financial or political reasons is not necessarily the place to look for passion for the world, but Victoria will always be remembered in history as a sort of conjugal fidelity, happiness and ideal family life. So the central part of the film is the budding love of Victoria and her Prince Albert. I was very taken by the characterization of Albert by Rupert Friend who played as a kind, patient, a little bit serious and maybe a little naive boy, who tries to "do good and help". In short, he is a good man with a good heart, not the most dynamic figure on which to base a drama, but since this is not the point of the story, it does not matter. The heart of the character shines through the discreet but sincere performance of Friend. <br /> <br /> As for the queen, well..Emily Blunt is sublime. Its beauty cannot be denied, but it is more than something nice to look at; his face is like quicksilver because of his expressiveness. The slightest arc of the eyebrow, the look or the slight ironic smile offer so much. Once again, this is not an explosive performance of heavy talk and passionate appeals, it's not that kind of film. But what Ms. Blunt does with the role is to show the simple humanity of the character with a powerful subtlety. <br /> <br /> For example, we see the joy of living that was kept under control by Victoria's mother (Miranda Richardson) and her intriguing advisor / lover Conroy expressed in simple things like Victoria trying to sketch her dog. We see his joy and his charm when he first meets Albert with his eyes continually attracted to him. We see her nervous and overwhelmed when she speaks to Parliament after her ascension. And my favorite scene of everyone in the movie - we see her nervous, happy and hopeful as she prepares to do what most women should never do in their lives - ask the man she loves to marry her, such a ridiculous proposal for those times (and some would say now) that Victoria explodes into a nervous laugh before she can even say "marry me". Again, this is not a film for the most important expressions of life expressions, but more a study in the subtleties of a character and that makes small things say so much. <br /> <br /> So, overall, I judge the film of what it is and what it tried to do and as such I gave it a 7. I heard that some of the politicians could be better explained and some Very good actors were wasted with little or little character development, namely Miranda Richardson as the Duchess of Kent and the characters of Conroy and Lord Peal. Once again, the film must not have devoted much time to those characters, but a little more exposure would have helped explain the political environment. Besides, I would have liked to have seen more adaptation to the married life between Victoria and Albert, but it could just be my greed for other scenes between Friend and Blunt. <br /> <br /> In summary, don't watch this film in terms of a historical drama but for what it really is, a love story between two characters that are historical characters. I give this film a solid 7 for magnificent lead performances, brilliant costumes and set designs and Emily Blunt's magnificent Victoria. And whoever has a little bit of romance left in them, you will be touched by the end of this movie. God Save the Queen.
