Having to have someone holding your hand every time you come up or down the stairs? Have others taste your food before eating it? In front of a too generous mother? These are just some of the obstacles that the young Victoria has to face in this film (there are also the various power struggles in progress, as well as the attempts on his life). Needless to say, it makes the view very fascinating and informative. <br /> <br /> I only saw Emily Blunt in The Devil Wears Prada (and little else). As she was in that movie, she is once again the standout here. I was extremely impressed by his performance of the young Victoria and I thought he handled the role very well. Make the transition from the young Victoria we meet at the beginning of the film to Queen Victoria who then becomes completely credible. Blunt is perfectly cast in the role, showing all the different sides (from the vulnerable, to the strong, from the young Victoria who makes mistakes to the Queen who takes control). Not enough can be said about Emily Blunt in this role. It is - simply, exquisite, which attracts your attention every second that appears on the screen. It keeps you pinned up to include the final shooting of the movie. <br /> <br /> Rupert Friend proves to be also well known as the love interest of Victoria (and eventual husband), Prince Albert. Actors have good chemistry and you absolutely believe in their development relationship. They have their disagreements, but you can say they are in love. Blunt and Friend are excellent in every scene they share and keep you interested in what's happening between Victoria and Albert. The other actors in the film are also very good. Paul Bettany as Lord Melbourne, Miranda Richardson as Duchess of Kent, Mark Strong as Sir John Conroy and Jim Broadbent as King William. There is not a single bad performance in this film. Even the less focused people are well represented, given the little time they have on the screen. Victoria's dog (a Cavalier King Charles Spaniel named Dash) is also memorable and has an impact on the film. <br /> <br /> Although the film tends to skip over some aspects of Victoria's life - especially in the end - and instead * tells us * what happened (with her and Albert) on the screen, what matters more is what we actually see *. This is, after all, a film about "The Young Victoria" (not "The Middle-Aged Victoria", nor "The Old Victoria"). While there are some embellishments made in history with this film, it remains focused on what it proposes to do - which tells us the story of how the young princess came to power. <br /> <br /> The film looks incredible, the costumes that Emily Blunt wears are visually stunning and the music only adds to the film, without ever diminishing it. It is exceptionally filmed and, unlike many movies these days, this film is actually quite a lot in length, since it doesn't work so long as to lose interest or feel needlessly dragged out. <br /> <br /> It goes without saying that what makes this film so exceptional is Emily Blunt. She is in great shape here, transforming another excellent performance and elevating this film above what could have been if she had another actress in this rather important / historical role. This is a finely crafted film, with excellent performance that should absolutely be seen. If you have an appreciation for a fascinating look at a woman who has been extremely significant in history, this is a must see.
