Film interests in the British monarchy continue with The Young Victoria (1837-1901), having seen efforts in recent years with The Duchess of Keira Knightley, the films of Elizabeth Cate Blanchett and with Scarlett Johansson and Natalie Portman with the Boleyn The sisters Other Boleyn Girl. Other contemporary stories will include the award-winning interpretation of Helen Mirren of The Queen in the current reign of Queen Elizabeth II on the death of Princess Diana. <br /> <br /> Each of the films mentioned included extraordinary actresses with an acting acting (ok, so some may dispute Johansson) or they were the taste of their moment, and each film had a decisive moment in history of the historical character who becomes child's play to have those events in the foreground, and in fact Elizabeth has had enough to cover two films. However, The Young Victoria, as the title suggests, is a lite version of the young queen's life, and whether you are looking for that definitive event, or the basic political intrigue that plagues all royal families and their relationships with the shadow, selfish politicians, unfortunately there is nothing in-depth here. <br /> <br /> This does not mean that The Young Victoria is without. Directed by the Canadian Jean-Marc Vallee (better known for CRAZY) and written by Julian Fellowes, this film tells in very simple terms, the life and times of Victoria (Emily Blunt, who soon became the new It girl) when she was a child, the problems he faced before the Coronation, such as the enthusiasm of his mother, the Duchess of Kent (Miranda Richardson) and his advisor Sir John Conroy (Mark Strong) to be appointed joint regent to his throne, as already planned for the reigning king William (Jim Broadbent). As if that were not enough, the game of political power enters the scene with Lord Melbourne (Paul Bettany) as prime minister waiting to win the trust of the new queen, and subtly engages his trusted allies in positions within the Palazzo. On the one hand, would you understand the need for a young and new queen to have trusted people in key positions, but on the other, do they really act in her interests or in the interests of others? <br /> <br /> Even this corner of intrigue creeps into his romantic story with Prince Albert (Rupert Friend), where their relationship constitutes most of the second part of the film, and pretty much everything is already included in the trailers. For both, they were raised under the influence of others, and they said every step of the way exactly what to do. Even their union may seem a stable record of an alliance, if it were not for both lovers who recognize their common need to establish their roots, and to do so with the help of one another. Instead of being pawns, there is this constant search and search for opportunities to get out of stifling and sometimes absurd rules and regulations. Trust also becomes a highly valued commodity, and even loyalty can be mistaken for wanting to set up the clean slate. <br /> <br /> However, all these themes become a breeze through narrative, from childhood to romance, marriage and children. In fact, there is so much fast forwarding here, especially the last few minutes full of inter-titles, which actually leaves the audience wanting more, and of course space for another movie, which I suspect would probably not see the light by day , but maybe a television series could take up the film's answer, and go out with a mini series or something. It is a pity that all the effort here to ensure the splendid costumes, set design and artistic direction is limited to a film that is fairly light on the subject and a brief mention of the problems, which do not really challenge the protagonists to allow the opponent to be overcome. which defines the character. <br /> <br /> With its star-studded cast, you'd expect more, but you'd rather leave more. Recommended for those who are always curious about Kings and Queens in the British monarchy, only as a complement to other more engaging stories available in the other films already mentioned.
