Princess Victoria (Emily Blunt) is lined up for the throne of England. The current King William (Jim Broadbent) is not well and may not live long. However, Vicky's intriguing mother, Duchess of Kent (Miranda Richandson) and her aide, John (Mark Strong) want to force Victoria to sign documents stating that they are "regents" until she is older, since she has only 20 years of age. The young woman refuses, despite John slapping her. It is another sign that Victoria has a strong will and a deep love for her country. Still, when William dies, shortly after her 21st birthday, Victoria knows she has a heavy task before her. First, he must surround himself with "just" advisers to govern wisely. He chooses the charming Lord Melbourne (Paul Bettany) who, although an older man, is cited as a suitor for Vicky. Which brings us to the second important decision of the young queen. Sooner or later, the young queen should select her future companion, as it will bring stability to her life and those of the kingdom, because an heir must appear in the coming years. Meanwhile, in Germany, some distant relatives of the British royal family are also hatching some plans. Bel Prince Albert (Rupert Friend), of the Saxon-Coburg dynasty, is urged by his father to woo the young English royal. Once he arrives at the palace, he is hit and the feeling seems to be mutual. But, since he is a minor player on the map of the actual match match, can he manage to win his heart? This is an adorable movie, made even better by a completely winning Emily Blunt performance as Victoria. Yes, it is beautiful but it is his intelligent reading of the role he marks powerfully. The friend is also good, as are the other actors, including Broadbent, Richardson, Bettany, Strong (what a repulsive role!) And the rest. Moreover, the film is beautifully filmed, in costume and set, making it a visual pleasure in every way. If something is missing, it is an extra dose of glare, as the film seems a bit too simple and prosaic, sometimes, with a slightly trivial change. However, this is only a minor and minor point of discussion in an overall film of great success and beauty. In short, young and old should make time for young Victoria. It is a very worthy film among the 2009 film offerings.
