Queen Victoria's 63-year reign is perhaps one of the most documented and well-known historical kingdoms in British history. On the one hand, its history lacks the theatricality of real royalty thanks to a change in climate and social attitudes, and on the other hand its history is one that is perpetuated because it is in particular human. Taking the first years of his life when the budding love story between her and the German prince Albert was taking hold, the director Jean-Marc Vallée who remained until recently in the unknown shadow of the industry here takes the history of Victoria and capture that human element so vital to its heritage. It is a story that feels extremely humble considering its exuberant background, yet it is partly what gives it a distinct advantage that separates it from the usual fare. <br /> <br /> Taking a very direct and focused approach on which to focus a short five-year period between his ascension and marriage with Albert, The Young Victoria does what so few vintage pieces of this nature offer . Instead of attempting a sprawling encapsulation of the entire life of such a figure, Vallée chooses instead to show one of the lesser-known complications of Victoria's early years that are easily overlooked in favor of better known recognitions. The result is a feature that can baffle historians thanks to its relatively fleeting greetings to facts and the like, but never let the document interfere with the extraction of a compelling story, the writer Julian Fellowes sticks to his guns and offers a slightly romantic novel but convincing representation. Vallée takes this and runs, making sure to fully capitalize on those elements with enough restraint to maintain integrity in relation to both the story involved and the viewer watching. <br /> <br /> An important role in the joy of watching The Young Victoria, however, is found simply in the production values ​​granted here, which bring the Regal Britain of the early nineteenth century back to life with a vigorous realism, so rarely achieved so surprisingly from genre films. Everything from costumes, sets, hairstyles, lighting and photography accentuates the grandiose background inherent in Victoria's history without ever overloading it. Indeed, as we watch Vallée's interpretation come to life here, it is very difficult not to be sucked in only through the aesthetic that permeates the visual element; and then there is also the soundtrack of the film that works tremendously to promote the very elegant and personal tones that dominate the Fellowes script. Interlacing the works of Schubert and Strauss in the history of Victoria and Albert not only serves as a reference point for the characters to play with, but also blends into the work with an elegance and a refrain that also echoes the composer's original work Ilan Eshkeri. <br /> <br /> However, for all the moving compositions, lush backgrounds and immaculate costumes that dot every scene, the most important factor here and indeed for most of the dramas of the period is the performance of the cast and how they help brings the world in which they exist to life. Fortunately, The Young Victoria is blessed with an equally immaculate group of actors, both young and old, who do a fantastic job of doing just that. Between the sweet story of Victoria (Emily Blunt) and Albert (Rupert Friend) and the somewhat antagonistic struggles of her advisers and the like (led by a terrifying Mark Strong and Paul Bettany), the conflicts and warmth so prevalent in the script of Fellowe are transmitted perfectly by all the parties involved, which helps to keep the plastic film "beautiful to look at but dark under", so common with these releases. <br /> <br /> In the end, it's hard to criticize a job like The Young Victoria. He has a moving and moving feeling of affection within his perfectly viable love story, as well as a certain historical significance that plays as an intriguing source of interest to those of the public interested in these details. Of course, it might not take the film world by storm and lack a certain meaning to its overall presence that prevents it from becoming more and more of an acutely romantic drama; yet in a sense it is what makes it fun. Vallée never seems to strive for greatness, nor does he seem happy to make a piece of escape from the routine for fans. Somewhere in this gray middle ground is The Young Victoria, sure to satisfy fans of the genre and those a little more disillusioned by the usual productions; beautiful, memorable but above all human. <br /> <br /> - A review by Jamie Robert Ward (http://www.invocus.net)
