In addition to having the longest reign in British history (63 years), Queen Victoria also holds two other distinctions. It was, apart from our current Queen, the oldest British monarch who ever lived, at the age of 81. And she was also the youngest British monarch (as opposed to the English or Scottish monarch), who came to the throne as a girl of eighteen. Yet every time television or movies make a program or a film about her, they seem much more interested in the older Victoria than they do in the girl; Victoria's version with which the modern public will probably be more familiar is Judi Dench in "Mrs Brown". "The Young Victoria" seeks to restore balance by showing us the events surrounding his adherence and the first years of his reign. It has the rare distinction of being produced by a former Royal, Sarah Duchess of York, whose daughter Princess Beatrice makes a brief appearance as an appearance. <br /> <br /> There are three main strands of the plot. The first concerns the intrigues of Victoria's mother, the Duchess of Kent, a highly unpopular figure even with her own daughter, largely due to the influence of her advisor Sir John Conroy, who was rumored to be her lover. (According to a groundless rumor he, and not the late Duke of Kent, was Victoria's natural father). The second strand concerns the growing love story between Victoria and her German cousin Prince Albert, and the attempts of King Leopold of Belgium, who was uncle with both, to influence this love story. (Leopold's hope was to increase the prestige of the House of Saxe-Coburg, to which both he and Alberto belonged). The third concerns one of the strangest episodes in British political history, the crisis of the 1839 bedroom, when supporters of the Tory party (which traditionally supported a strong monarchy) rebelled because the young queen was perceived as a favorite at the Whig party and to their leader Lord Melbourne, although the Whigs had historically supported a quasi-republican system of government, with the monarch reduced to a front man. <br /> <br /> Screenwriter Julian Fellowes is known for his conservative views, and I sometimes wondered if this might have colored his treatment of political themes, as he seems to lean on the side of the Tories, the predecessors of the modern conservative party . Their leader, Robert Peel, is shown as a statesman and dignified, while Melbourne, despite all its charm and charm, is shown as devious and uninterested in social reforms. There may be truths in these characterizations, but Fellowes reproaches the fact that only a few years before the Tories had opposed the Reformation, which put an end to the corrupt electoral system of the bourgeois destroyed, and that had benefited from the unconstitutional dismissal of William IV of a Whig administration. <br /> <br /> The lessons of dynastic and constitutional history do not always move well on the screen of the cinema and this contains its part of inaccuracies. Prince Albert, for example, was not injured in Edward Oxford's attempt on the life of Victoria, and Melbourne (towards the end of the 1950s at the time of Victoria's entry) was not as young as Paul Bettany portrayed here. King William IV certainly did not like the Duchess of Kent (who was his sister-in-law), but I doubt he would go so far as to scream at her during a state banquet, as shown here. I also failed to understand the meaning of the scene in which the Duchess and Conroy try to force Victoria to sign an "Regency Order"; the constitutional position of the Duchess was clarified by the Regency Act 1830, which provided that she would become Regent if her daughter was still eighteen at the time of her accession. No piece of paper signed by Victoria may have changed the provisions of the law. <br /> <br /> There are also occasional unhappiness. In one of the first scenes we see Victoria and Albert playing chess while confronting checkers moving around a chessboard, a metaphor so trite that the whole scene should be complete with a "Danger! Great cliché ahead!" warning. Yet despite such scenes, I came to enjoy the film. There were some good performances, especially from Miranda Richardson as the intriguing duchess and Mark Strong as the hateful Conroy. He is visually very attractive, being turned into a sumptuous style that we have come to associate with the British historical drama. Jim Broadbent gives a fun twist as King William, although he occasionally gives in to the temptation to go beyond the lines. (Although not as disastrously as in "Moulin Rouge"). <br /> <br /> The main reason for the success of the film, however, are the performances of Emily Blunt and Rupert Friend as the two young lovers Victoria and Albert. Blunt is probably more attractive than Victoria in real life, but in her delightful portrait the Queen is no longer the old lady of popular imagination, the Widow of Windsor dressed in black who was perpetually not amused but a determined, determined and loving young man woman. His love for Albert, and their happy family life together, was one of the main reasons why the monarchy managed to re-establish itself in the affections of the British people. (Except for George III, the Hanoverian ancestors of Victoria were notoriously lacking in the virtues of marriage). Blunt and Friend make "The Young Victoria" a moving love story and a compelling human drama, as well as an exploration of a key period in British history. 8/10
