Andrei Konchalovsky's 4 and a half hour legend in Siberia must not begin immediately, because it must hold back space, because it takes time in round explorations of childhood memories almost remembered in a turntable - century backwoods village, yet the film continues to take steam in an emotional resonance, as if even the sounds and images that compose it are imbued with pure association with their subject with that quality of fierce and tireless dignity that characterizes the Soviet working spirit. Konchalovsky celebrates the Soviet collectivity but, in an almost revisionist way of such as Soy Cuba and Invincible, the mood turns dark and reflective. News of the revolution reaches the secluded Siberian village through the vine. The fruits of his work reach him only when a world war requires young people to enlist. Through all this, Konchalovksy approaches the individual, with care and affection to examine the bitter desire and regret of the woman who waited 6 years after the war for a boyfriend who never returned, he waited long enough to go out and become a bartender in a ship with velvet sofas and that he left years later to return to his village to take care of an elderly uncle who killed the boyfriend's father with an ax, the irreverent folly of the boyfriend who returned from the war a hero even from 20 years late, returned not for the sake of the girl he left behind but to drill oil for the motherland, the desperation and resignation of the head of the middle-aged regional party returning to his small village Siberian with the sole purpose of deleting the map to build a power plant. The film passes from a decade to a decade from 10 to 80 with extraordinary newsreel footage that draws Soviet history from the revolution to the war famine and the titanic technological achievements of an empire (extraordinary images here! All kinetic violence and distorted angles and trembling trembling shots of crowds and faces) but the real film focuses on the individual, on the triumphs and small and large follies. A sense of bittersweet fatalism creeps in by the second half; of broken lives that have never reached fulfillment, suffocating with regret and desire. "It may not matter," the world seems to be saying, to which Konchalovksy replies "must have importance" because the protagonists continue to seek redemption. <br /> <br /> Yet behind this saga of man against the landscape "Something seems to hover, in the shade, almost devoid of interactions, like the hermit Eternal Old Man who appears in each segment to guide or repudiate the protagonists, sometimes a simple spectator, sometimes the enigmatic essay, a little behind and above all the other simple and logical incomprehensible ultimatums challenges and affirmations of human characters, something invisible seems to lie in wait: ghosts of fathers appearing in cuttlefish dreams, repeated blows of a glittering star in the nightsky, a curious bear, or rather the Eternal Old Man himself, Konchalovksy asks for respect and reverence in front of a mystical land of some other order, in his treatment of a small community of backwoods fighting against progress and the time of nature and in the way it learns to deal with them, often bizarre and tragic fun at the same time, and in how the director never allows the cynicism to climb over his um anesimo, remembers The Deep Desires of the Gods of Shohei Imamura. When, in a dream scene, Alexei rips open the planks of a door on which a Stalin propaganda poster is plastered to reach his (dead) father while he fades into the fog, the film hints at the betrayal of the Soviet dream, or better yet , to all the things lost in the revolution, this betrayal made more explicit in the fiery final of the film. The incredible graphic, elegiac and dreary with a raw naturalist touch, helps seal the deal. At the end of it, a derric oil bursts into flames and the film explodes into a wild explosion of pure cinema.
