This film seems to have been designed as a Fred Astaire-Ginger Rogers film: the plot, the dance numbers, the snappy music and the whole formula is there ... except for Ginger! If it were REALLY originally intended as a new pairing of the team it is uncertain, but it certainly looks like one of these films. Instead of Fred's usual aides (like Eric Blore or Edward Everett Horton), Burns and Allen are used, probably because, although they were known as comedians, they could sing and dance quite well. This actually shocked me, but the team was a welcome addition and some of the traditional Fred and Ginger numbers were made with Fred and Gracie or these two with George. Only once, in the end, Mrs. Fontaine dances with Fred but is very short and with a camera away. <br /> <br /> And speaking of Burns and Allen, I think I owe the team to talk about it in the film. I've never been a fan of their show or their movies. In general, I find that the idiotic act of Gracie is very annoying and I gave some negative reviews of their shorts and feature films. However, in this film I have to admit that they were fantastic - not just dancing competently, but actually thought they were fun and filled the hole left by Edward Everett Horton very well. They were on top of their game and the writers did a wonderful job in this department. <br /> <br /> Now as for the rest of the film, it's all very funny and it's fun. The problem for me, though, was that Joan Fontaine was not a particularly good choice for the film - not just because she was acting outside of her range (after all, she wasn't a singer or dancer), but because she had the on-screen presence of a ball of fluff. Because of this, the usual balance and the great dialogue between boy and girl was missing. There was also a very charming performance by Harry Watson as a diabolical kid who did all he could to play Cupid - all because he wanted to win a bet! And finally, I loved the Fun House and Tunnel of Love sequence - it's too hard to describe but it's so fun to watch! Overall, I liked the film a little - it had a lot of charm and excellent writing. Unfortunately, he also presented a bland performance by Ms Fontaine who silenced a point - bringing my score for this film to 7.
