Soon the Americans would have crowded a dark and damaged England preparing to invade Europe, but in 1937 the image of fashionable Americans in the rather ridiculous sunny English countryside was an exciting, idyllic diversion. The American diva and choreographer Jerry Halliday (Astaire), on a European tour and tired of the crowds of screaming women generated by the filthy propaganda of her manager (Burns), is involuntarily involved in the marriage prospects of the frustrated heir Lady Alice Marshmorton (Fontaine). The story is complicated by a pool of bets between the servants of Marshmorton which is run by Keggs (Gardiner), the chief butler of Lady Alice, who bets on Lady Alice Reggie's cousin (Noble), the favorite of Alice's lousy aunt ( Collier). The story would have been much better as a half-hour television episode. The usual Wodehouse plot devices of erroneous identity and jumping to wrong conclusions are consumed in a full-length movie. Both Alice and Jerry seem impossibly (and annoyingly) meaningless in the second part of the film. The interlude of the amusement park and the climax in the castle are too long and begin to drag. Fontaine is too beautiful, too dignified and too quiet to be a cheeky blonde, no matter how aristocratic she is, while the young waiter Albert (Watson) is painfully horrible. But while "Damsel" is a rather tiny vehicle for so much talent, talent does not disappoint us. His romantic comedy by Astaire is no less pleasant here than in any of his films with Ginger Rogers and his dance scenes, both solo and with Burns & Allen, are up to date, even if his dance with Joofer is at first weapons. Gracie almost steals the whole show like George's buzzing secretary who is at the same time wide open, conniving and coldly self-confident. His scene with the solid lead actor Gardiner as the sneaky snob Keggs is a unique classic of its kind. This priceless Astaire scene with madrigal singers gives "Damigella" a delightful color of naive but noble Americans, who mix with the noble but obtuse English. Gershwin is at the top of his game with "Good work if you can get it" and "Stiff Upper Lip", which carries the film through its weak points. And is there another movie in which the madrigals receive a swing treatment from Gershwin? "Damsel" is more than a piece of curiosity for those who might want to see Astaire without Rogers or Fontaine before she was a real star. It's a nice diversion as much fun as one of the Vaudevillian musical comedies that reigned in the 1930s, but will never be realized again.
