In a famous essay he wrote about Charles Dickens, George Orwell points out that many readers have always regretted that Dickens never continued to write as he did in PICKWICK PAPERS: that is, he didn't just write novels for funny episodes for the rest of his career. This would not have been too difficult for Dickens. His contemporary Robert Surtees did exactly that, focusing only on the misadventures of the fox-hunting set (MR FANCY ROMFORD'S HOUNDS is the title of one of his novels). Surtees still has a following among hunters and horse lovers, but most people find his novels unreadable. Dickens was determined to prove he was more than a funny man (and don't forget, his first book, SKETCHES BY BOZ, was also a fun book). So Dickens' third book is OLIVER TWIST (which has become rather sad in the points). Orwell says that to make any author grow they have to change the style of their books. Dickens would surely (and successfully) accept that. <br /> <br /> But Orwell has neglected the genre writer who transcends his fellows. Surtees, as I said, is a genre writer who focuses on hunting - but not everyone is interested in hunting. But P.G.Wodehouse considered himself an entertainer, making fun of the upper reaches of the British social system. His Emsworth Earl is prouder of bringing up the finest pig in England than being ... well Earl of Emsworth! His Psmith is always ready to fight back when he should be subjected to an unjust superior. His Stanley Uckridge will always have a "perfect" scheme that should make a huge profit (but in the end he always manages to separate). And above all, his Jeeves will always put his brilliant brain to work to save the inept Bertie Wooster, his boss. Since Wodehouse had a limited vision of his writer's mission - he was there to make funny cartoon figures for world entertainment - his books never lost their shine. They served (and continue to serve) their goals. In fact, he compared Wodehouse to his much more serious Evelyn Waugh, who also wrote funny books, but of a more intellectual kind. The best of Waugh remains among the apexes of 20th century English literature: BRIDESHEAD REVISITED, DECLINO E CADUTA, and the rest. But in his determination to make his points, if his points failed to interest the reader, the book often collapsed. For each VILE BODIES there was a failure at the end of his career as THE ORDEAL OF GILBERT PINFOLD. While Wodehouse could also do other hacking jobs, his fall did not reach the point of Waugh. <br /> <br /> Wodehouse was also a talented lyricist (when you hear "Bill" in the SHOWBOAT soundtrack, it is not the melody of Kern and Hammerstein, but the melody of Kern and Wodehouse has been transposed by "Oh Lady , Lady "a dozen years earlier). He was also a practical playwright. So it's nice to see that he took his novel A DAMSEL IN DISTRESS and turned it into the script here. <br /> <br /> It has the normal touches of Wodehouse. That perfect butler Keggs (Reginald Gardiner in a wonderful performance) is a scoundrel in maneuvering a "friendly" gambling game between the staff of the mansion he runs. Moreover, he cannot restrain himself from occasionally singing Italian opera - despite Constance Collier's attempts to control his impulse. This is the typical Wodehouse characterization. The way the love story between Lady Alyce and Jerry continues to go well due to the antics of Keggs and young Albert, both of them want to win that game of luck. Wodehouse always makes that kind of plot switch, with the antagonists changing their point of view according to their current state of interest. <br /> <br /> Wodehouse was also lucky here with Burns and Allan to work with. It is generally considered that of all the films that they have made as secondary actors together (such as SIX OF A KIND and WE ARE NOT ACTIVATING) George and Gracie have made their best support with Fred Astaire. The Fun House sequence, which includes the song "Stiff Upper Lip", is wonderful, as is a previous sequence in which the three perform a "whisk broom" dance (which Astaire learned from Burns). But Gracie's wonderful illogical logic is used by Wodehouse in the scenes with Gardiner (see how he manages to confuse it by giving her more money than she deserves - only Albert happens to notice Keggs / Gardiner's mistake, and looks at Gardiner as if it were or stupid or crazy). His dialogue with Lady Caroline (Collier), his son Reggie (Ray Noble, the leader of the British band) leads him to imagine that he will marry her, but to say goodbye to Gracie while walking away with George to get married is also wonderful. br /> <br /> The film apparently failed at the box office due to the lack of Ginger Rogers in it, and the weakness of Joan Fontaine. Fontaine isn't doing an extraordinary job in the role, but the flaw is actually that of Wodehouse - it didn't make the character very interesting. But the film can withstand without it, given the other artists and their characters, Gershwin's music and Wodehouse's wonderful sense of fun.
