Before "Zavet" there was a similarity between the artistic vision of Tim Burton and Kusturica. They find their personal and poetic style and become cowardly prisoners. Burton has (and still has) Depp, Kusturica has Miki Manojlovic, and somehow received critical praise for repeating the same formula over and over again. However, there are people like me who find funny jokes only when they hear it the first time. This is the main reason why Kusturica's worst films are "Black cat white cat" and "Life is miracle". 'Zavet' is something completely different. You might like it, you might hate it, but this is NOT just another poem by Kusturica ?? Balkan dream stuff. Of course, if you want to be praised, you must stay safe. It was very easy for Kusturica to make just one other gypsy film in flight and get a prize. Fortunately, as a courageous person, he chooses to make a film that will be ironic in his previous works. 'Zavet' can be described as a strong and very hard parody in Kusturica's previous films directed by Kusturica himself. It's nice to see a great director not taking himself too seriously. This is the quality that Kusturica has and even the greatest, like Bergman or Kubrick, did not have. This film is so meaningless that it becomes absurd, so absurd that it becomes deep and so little fun that it becomes fun. The same things that make the cult of "Plan 9 from outer space" would have made this masterpiece for people who know how to look at it. The normal Western spectator would not get a few references. The most notable, the owner of the tire shop is Srbljanovic, and this refers to Biljana Srbljanovic, a famous Serbian writer. Politically, she is very active as a left-oriented liberal and despises the political opinions and anarchism of Kusturica. Kusturica's work for "everything but not subtle" was to castrate Miki Manojlovic in Srbljanovic's shop. Second reference to Goran Bregovic ?? former composer of Kusturica. He formed "Funeral and wedding orchestra" and started performing all over Europe. Although he is praised as a great composer, Bregovic is just a performer and most of his songs (if not all) are scarce covers of traditional Serbian songs. Kusturica's interpretation of Bregovic was to face a marriage and a funeral, with the funeral mocking the marriage. Furthermore, the music covers Western classics like "London Bridge is falling down" or French lullabies. Do you find it funny? Now you understand how we feel in Serbia listening to the horrible Bregovic covers. I really liked this film because it doesn't pretend to be profound, it's so full of symbols that it becomes a parody, and it's beautifully directed, like all his works. If you like the previous Kusturica movies, there's a great chance you can hate it. If you don't like a couple of his latest films, you might find it a pleasant surprise, because it's like Fellini who directs "Pink Flamingos". Purposely. I have great respect for this boy after 'Zavet'. Tim Burton's next film would surely have a main character with pale faces. The next Kusturica films can easily relate to the aliens invading the Earth. This is why he is the most interesting director on Earth, whether you like it or not.
