Kabei: Our Mother (2008) is a poetic and sublime beauty from Japan. A real plague! I had heard good reviews for the film and rented it from Netflix. I'm glad I did it! In many ways this film reminded me of the old style of classic Japanese cinema of the 40s and 50s that I learned to love so much, as seen in the images of Yasujiro Ozu - the credits also begin in the same way, the Japanese letters (characters) in red against the neutral colored canvas material. I immediately thought: this director loves Ozu. The same style was also used: mostly indoor set with only a few outdoor scenes. Also a couple of "pillow strokes", as Roger Ebert calls them. The strength of the film is based on mutual love between the characters. <br /> <br /> History follows the lives of a Japanese family before, during and after the Second World War. The mother takes care of her growing girls the best she can, after her father (a university professor) is arrested for sympathies against the war. He has never been released and has only a few brief meetings with his wife in prison before dying of hunger and sickness. Meanwhile, a former student of the professor often comes to help take care of the mother and two girls. He begins to fall in love with his mother and is a substitute for his father for the two girls. But the war begins and he is sketched and must say a rude goodbye. Will they ever express their love for one another? Will he ever come back from the war? <br /> <br /> There is so much heart and kind spirit in the protagonist's performance, Sayuri Yoshinaga. She's almost a Madonna type, she's so beautiful! Big eyes full of feeling and flawless skin. The actor who plays the student is phenomenal: his name is Tadanobu Asano. What a sensitive performance. There is no macho in him at all; he is kind and gentle. I would certainly like to see both of these films in other films. I think I'll check to see what's available for them. The two actresses are also wonderful girls. <br /> <br /> The film has just been released on NTSC DVD for the American public, with English subtitles very easy to read. I gave him a 10 out of 10 in IMDb. I almost cried as much as with the Japanese classic film Twenty-Four Eyes (1954). Don't miss this movie!
