My introduction to the film world of Yoji Yamada is through his famous and recent Samurai trilogy with The Twilight Samurai, The Hidden Blade and Love and Honor. I liked all three movies and, looking at the director's prolific and veteran filmography, I think it will take me a long time to watch all his films, especially the Tora-san series. Needless to say, when Kabei Our Mother finally reached our shores, I jumped at the chance to see what an ode would have been to mothers everywhere, celebrating their innate love for their children. <br /> <br /> Based on the autobiography of Teruyo Nogami, Kabei - Does our mother tell of a united family of four? Mother Kayo "Kabei" (Sayuri Yoshinaga), Father Shigeru "Tobei" (Mitsugoro Bando), the eldest daughter Hatsu (Mirai Shida) and the youngest son Teru (Miku Sato). From the beginning their lives would change forever, when Shigeru was arrested under the Peacekeeping Act for his morally controversial writings against the nation, set in the late 1930s, where Japan had started their " crusade "in China, and thereafter their participation in WWII. <br /> <br /> Thus began Kabei's struggle to maintain jobs to feed his family and frequent and difficult encounters with her husband behind bars. The help comes from relatives, especially from Shigeru, since Kabei's father had adopted an "I told you so" attitude with his choice of spouse. The former student of Shigeru Yama (art film aficionados should recognize Tadanobu Asano here) provides laughter like a clumsy man who slowly becomes confident and surrogate guardian of children, and his sister-in-law Hisako (Rei Dan) of Kabei from Hiroshima which I believe would have sounded some retrospective alarm bells on his unfortunate fate as the film progresses through its timeline. <br /> <br /> While the film focuses mainly on how children grow up under their mother's presence, and in a distant relationship with their father, what I liked is how the family's microscopic events take place underneath the macroscopic world events that have had an impact on ordinary people in Japan. It is against the historical background of Japan's push towards regional dominance, and there are characters here who do not mask those ambitions, even discussing what the country would eventually do if it were successful in maintaining the conquered lands. This is something I rarely see in Japanese films, being so frank in their discussion of that era, and also to take a look at how the common man must fight against internal problems made even more difficult with the resources channeled towards the war effort. <br /> <br /> The actresses chosen here are perfect for their role and their role, be they veterans or child actors. The actress Sayuri Yoshinaga deserves a special mention for her role as a mother figure who has to dig deep and find that inner strength to bring the house into difficult circumstances, while Mirai Shida and Miku Sato are as adorable as the understanding children who have to learn to make do and compromise. Each scene with the three of them together makes the heart heartbreaking when the going gets tough, or fill the heart with joy if they were to celebrate. In a short time you will soon find yourself drawn to the desire to be part of this family, thanks to the powerful performances of the main cast, with Yoji Yamada promoting some truly natural performances for children. <br /> <br /> Kabei - Our mother boasts an extraordinarily beautiful art direction, and is elegant in delivering happy and sad moments without going over the lines, or relying on an economic melodrama to minimize the emotions she seeks from the public. There are many little things done here that make it perfect, with every scene that is not wasted, and with every nuance very significant in conveying its message through, both compassion and love. <br /> <br /> Apart from the very abrupt ending (I was hoping that it could have continued much longer, despite its more than 2 hours duration), Kabei Our Mother comes highly recommended and you will hardly be able to hold back your tears, or Think to your mother and her sacrifices that she makes to you every day. Just what those sacrifices are if I need another reminder, so the scene during the roll of credits will remind you of things you probably would have taken for granted.
