"I hate those stories that start with a funeral, but I'm afraid this starts the day we buried George. Not that we buried him. In the interest of the environment we did him incinerate." Thus speaks Elizabeth (Judi Dench), the widow of George. He led a comfortable and predictable life with George. He has two older children and a 12-year-old nephew. But when he was 15 and in school, in the middle of the Second World War, he played the sax at night in an all-female band (almost all the girls) called The Blonde Bombshells. The "almost" was due to the fact that the drummer was Patrick, a charming rogue who did not want to fight and eventually be killed: with a yellow wig, a long red dress and a make-up, Patrick looked almost as good as the others. <br /> One afternoon after the funeral, Elizabeth is in the attic of her house playing the sax she had set aside, she used to practice, but only when George was away from home on the golf course. Her granddaughter, amazed at how good Elizabeth is, starts talking about how Blond Bombshells can come together and play at her school dance, then Elizabeth meets Patrick (Ian Holm), now as old and old as Elizabeth, and just like a lot attracted to her as she was over 50 years ago. (He was also attracted to all the other members of the Bombshells. The roses that would have appeared on his bass drum had a special meaning that attested to his affection.) Well, why not see if the other members of the band can be located, and why not give Is it a snap for a reunion performance at her niece's school? <br /> <br /> Why not? A member of the band is Gaga. One is dead. One is in prison. One has found salvation with the Salvation Army. One cannot find any trace of. The last one is known in the United States. One is a professional singer and has no intention of doing a school concert, not even for a meeting. But one after another, Elizabeth and Patrick gather the surviving members of the Bombshells. We don't know if there are enough of them. The evidence more often than not turns into an off-key chaos. While doing it, we share Elizabeth's flashbacks about what life was like when she and Patrick were young in war London, playing in the gang while bombs fell. Terrible as it was, it was the most exciting moment in their lives. When the night of Elizabeth's granddaughter comes, obviously, the Blonde Bombs, full of nervousness and renewed friendship, sweep away the young. Later, Elizabeth informs us that the Bombshells continue to play at concerts, and that she and Patrick have no intention of getting married ... but I see nothing wrong with a little pranks. <br /> <br /> This is a sentimental joke, made by experts, and it's not bad at all. What makes it work is the skill and appeal of Judi Dench and Ian Holm. When I hear the term, "lukewarm comedy", I usually shudder unless the actors are first-rate. Dench and Holm are wonders to watch as they take something light and predictable like this script and turn it into something that fascinates us. Then there is the "old generic" move that is fun if you remember the old Broads. Among the blond Bombshells are Leslie Caron, Joan Sims, Olympia Dukakis, Billie Whitelaw and Cleo Laine. Laine sings three numbers and almost overbalances production. He is such a strong and unique jazz talent that as he sings the program becomes almost the Cleo Laine Show. Another interesting feature is the number of great songs of the Second World War played in strong swing.
