To the great regret of his adult children and almost immediately after the death of Elizabeth's husband (Dame Judy Dench), the tenor saxophonist, widower and widower, inclines to return openly to his musical hobby. Now that George is dead, Elizabeth no longer has to practice playing the sax in the attic. While she is increasingly pleased by the fact of playing in the open, Elizabeth takes a walk along memory avenue, remembering when she was a fifteen year old member of a swing jazz band, "The Blonde Bombshells": presumably, a group of talented allies of the Second War World jazz musicians swing. One of the members of the band "Blonde Bombshells" was a womanizing drummer and cross-dressing, Patrick (Ian Holm), with whom Elizabeth remained friends. <br /> <br /> Both Patrick & Elizabeth's 12-year-old daughter, Joanna (Millie Findlay), Elizabeth awards to gather former band members and resume playing together; this time as a group of sexagenarians. Among the members of the band he finds are the bassists (still foxy!), Madeleine (Leslie Caron); Dinah (Olympia Dukakis), a trumpet who plays, divorces and divorces divorced and divorced of spirits and widows who live off wealth from her many (former) marriages in a Scottish castle in Craigievar; Gwen, (the real American jazz star, Clio Laine), having in the lead voice; Annie, (June Whitfield), as trombonist of the Salvation Army; Betty, (the late pianist, Joan Sims), who is training ivory keys in a Hastings pub. <br /> <br /> As Elizabeth, Patrick and Joanna explore the world for members of the 40s band and try to convince to resume performing together, Elizabeth is often beside herself as she learns more than she wants to know about their adult lives - including his - while performing a terrifying music with the last of the lively "Blond Bomb". <br /> <br /> Fun, nostalgic, historical, sentimental, multi-generational entertainment that is seriously fun. Actors offer wonderful performances. Regardless of their age, they are still Bombshell entertainers who stage a show. (The DVD is now out and worth owning because of the bonus features and the Dolby Digital sound). Certainly as a fan of these fantastic actors, the VHS is a collector's item.
