The obsession comes in many flavors and exists for a variety of reasons; for some it could be nothing more than a compulsive disorder, but for others it could be a way of survival. The lack of nourishment, combined with the inability to negotiate even the simplest needs of everyday life or basic social needs, can even force a genius to enthusiastically embrace what provides a personal comfort zone. And in extreme cases, the object of that satisfaction can become a manifest obsession, pushing that individual until what started as a means of survival becomes the very impulse of its ruin, and as we find out in "The defense of Luzhin ", directed by Marleen Gorris, a high level of intelligence will not ensure a satisfactory solution to the problem, indeed, it could actually exacerbate the situation. The obsession apparently has no prejudices or preferences; Moreover, it does not give a quarter. <br /> <br /> In an Italian resort in the 1920s, Alexander Luzhin (John Turturro) is one of the many who gathered there for a chess tournament, whose winner will be the World Champion. Luzhin is a master of the game, but he is vulnerable because chess has long ceased to be a game for him; rather, it is his obsession, that thing discovered in childhood that saw him despite his total ineptitude in apparently all areas of life, and allowed him to face the subtle privatism of his family. So Luzhin is a genius with an Achilles heel, a flaw that perhaps only another person knows and understands, and also realizes that he can be exploited for his own personal gain in this tournament. That man is Valentinov (Stuart Wilson), the former mentor of Luzhin, who after an absence of a few years suddenly reappeared and made himself known to Luzhin. <br /> <br /> Valentinov is an unwelcome and disconcerting presence in Luzhin, and once again life threatens to overwhelm him. Not only is Turati (Fabio Sartor) facing a formidable opponent in the tournament, against whom in a previous match he came out with a draw after fourteen hours, but he is also trying to solve a new element in his life - his feelings for a young woman she just met at the resort, Natalia (Emily Watson). And, brilliant as it may be, dark clouds are gathering above him that could push Luzhin even deeper into the obsession that was the saving grace, as well as the curse, of his whole life. <br /> <br /> Tells Luzhin's story, Gorris effectively uses flashbacks to gradually reveal the elements of his childhood that very quickly led to his obsession with chess. And since his background is consolidated, he offers insights that allow the public to more fully understand who Luzhin is and how he came to this point in his life. For the scenes of his childhood, Gorris outlines them with an appropriately obscure atmosphere and a subtle sense of omen that carries on, and underlies, the current and more pastoral setting of the resort. The transitions through which the past weaves together with the present are well managed, and with the pace that Gorris sets makes a compelling, but no-frills, presentation that works very well. He also emphasizes the threat of Valentinov's presence, focusing on drama rather than suspense, which ultimately serves to increase the overall impact of the film, making Luzhin's tragedy even more credible and disturbing. <br /> <br /> The only element that makes this film so memorable, however, is the striking performance of John Turturro. For this film to work, Luzhin must be absolutely credible; a false or simulated moment would be disastrous, as it would immediately remove the viewer from history. It doesn't happen, however, and the film works, because the Luzhin Turturro creates is impeccably honest and realistic. Capture the genius of Luzhin, as well as his inadequacies, and present his character in extraordinarily eloquent and very real terms. It is a performance equal, if not exceeding, to the portrait of Geoffrey Rush by David Helfgott in "Shine". And when you compare his work here with other characters he created, from Sid Lidz in "Unstrung Heroes" to Pete in "O Brother Where Art You?" at Al Fountain in "Box of Moonlight", you realize what an incredible variety Turturro has as an actor, and what an extraordinary artist he is. <br /> <br /> Like Natalia, Emily Watson is also excellent transforming a fairly private performance through which she develops and presents her character quite well. Although he must be rather extrovert to relate to Luzhin, Watson manages to do it in an introspective way that is completely effective. Above all, due to the details that lead to his performance, he makes his accelerated relationship with Luzhin credible and gives total credibility to the story. You just have to look into Watson's eyes to know that the feelings he is transmitting are real. It's a fantastic job by a talented and talented actor. <br /> <br /> The supporting cast includes Geraldine James (Vera), Christopher Thompson (Stassard), Peter Blythe (Ilya), Orla Brady (Anna), Mark Tandy (Luzhin's father), Kelly Hunter (mother by Luzhin), Alexander Hunting (young Luzhin) and Luigi Petrucci (Santucci). Well-crafted and realized, "The Luzhin Defense" is an emotionally engaging film, presented with a contained compassion that evokes a sense of sadness and perhaps a reflection on man's inhumanity towards man. We don't need a film, of course, to tell us that there is cruelty in the world; but we are well served by the medium of cinema when it reminds us of something we should never forget, as we all have the ability to produce positive changes and make a difference in the lives of those around us. I consider this 9/10. <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br />
