One of America's most brilliant film directors was undoubtedly Elia Kazan. His directorial genius was not particularly suited to thesis thrillers, as Kazan needed more space to breathe and to be slower and thinner. However, "Panic in the Streets" is a first-rate social thriller and is, if possible, more relevant for today than it was in 1950 when it was published. The issues of illegal immigrants, people smuggling, impending disasters, rapid transmission in the world of diseases (a concerned Richard Widmark states: "I could be in any American city in ten hours and in Africa tomorrow."), Ethnic isolation and ghettism are today's concerns more than ever. This film features a spectacular film debut by Jack Palance and a wonderful performance by Barbara Bel Geddes, two strokes of genius. Richard Widmark is authorized not to be a psychopath for once, and is a deeply thoughtful, affectionate and loving hero of the people. He basically conducts a one-man campaign to stop a pulmonary plague epidemic in New Orleans, struggling to convince lazy politicians and complacent cops that there's a problem. There is a race against time to find the little scammers who contracted the plague of an illegal immigrant who died within 48 hours, before the whole city, and as always remind us, the whole country, are in danger with the thing worse from the 1919 influence. An incredible scene in which Jack Palance, who is infected, is prevented from boarding a ship by a mouse barrier on the rope is ironic in the extreme, reminding us in the most gruesome terms that humans can be the worst transporters and parasites of all. The highly dramatic hunting scenes in what they call "the coffee factory" at the wharves rival Hitchcock's most imaginative climax scenes and an equally spectacular setting. Many non-professionals appear in the film, who have the raw realism of, well, something called reality. Kazan really brings cameras to places where people rarely went, and where even mice would have thought twice. This film was an important undertaking of social realism. If there is no electricity from the heaviest thrillers, it is because Kazan took him so seriously that he could not do it, after all, the threat of the plague is serious enough to scare anyone without the need for guns and molls. The only unfortunate thing about the film is the title, which gives a false hint of superficiality. But Kazan was anything but superficial. He clearly considered this project a public duty, to warn us of real possibilities. If only those possibilities were diminished today, but alas, they are getting worse every day. One day, after a worldwide plague, this film could be shown to a few survivors as an example of how an outbreak was contained in the film, but his lessons were forgotten.
