A little pleasure in life is walking down the old corridor of movies in the rental store, and collecting stuff just because I didn't see it. A great pleasure is occasionally bringing the film home and finding a little treasure like this on my screen. <br /> <br /> Long before Elia Kazan turned into a brand by inventing only noteworthy (not good) films, he did this better than the average drama. Looking at it, you begin to notice how many decent, good or well-observed scenes have accumulated. Contrast with his subsequent films in which the drama is written in large ... preferably large, unsuspected and scandalous. Kazan was more of a computer promoter than a director. (um Thank you) <br /> <br /> His future excesses are only mentioned here in the plot. The plague is coming! But here is an atypical Richard Widmark who plays a family man in 1951 and avoids most of the excesses of that trope; here is a barabra bel Geddes almost watchable, with its wet overturned (well, for her); they are a couple and share some well-written scenes on big crises and smaller ones. Here is an expert comic interview with a team of talkative ships; here is a beautiful moment as a chase starts in a corner warehouse and a flock of birds shoots over the head punctuate the moment. These are the small-scale successes that a film can offer in which a spectator can actually recognize life; something that Hollywood, in its greed, now carefully avoids. These are the moments that make me go to the movies and enjoy them. It is a human and scalable film, not of the grotesque and outdated production that he and the others (David Lean) will later popularize, whose legacy is still felt in a shit as diverse as Pirates of the Caribbean and Moulin Rouge. <br /> <I have only looked twice and I would be damned if I could tell you what Jack Palance is looking for in the final scenes, but it doesn't seem so important to me as a spectator. This reminds me of both No Way Out a Poitier noir with Widmark as the villain, and Naked City, which you should really get your hands on.
