The plague replaces the femme fatale in this noir shot of great suspense in New Orleans by director Elia Kazan. Kazan as always gets excellent performances from his actors, but also shows a visual touch for the claustrophobic suspense with a combination of narrow compositions and single-shot tracking scenes. <br /> <br /> A man who illegally enters the country is killed after a card game. It turns out that he has a form of bubonic plague so it remains crucial not only to arrest the killers but to find a vaccine of all those who have had contact. City and health officials implement a secrecy plan rather than alerting the community for fear that the culprits will flee the city and spread the disease. An anti-time detective and epidemiologist form an uncomfortable alliance as they grab the waterfront by exploiting their contrasting investigative styles. <br /> <br /> Streets raises an enormous ethical question about the right of citizens to know how the medical officer supports a media blackout, thus creating a greater risk for the community. Regardless of the result, you may still find yourself guessing the actions of the film's protagonist. <br /> <br /> Richard Widmark as Dr.Clint Reed and Paul Douglas in the role of detective Warren shows courteous feelings and resentment mutual respect in the quest for murderers. Barbera Bel Geddis in the role of Reed's wife has some good moments with Widmark in some domestic scenes that bring the right touch of (restful rather than comical) relief from the tensions of desperate research amidst the dark surroundings of the New Orleans waterfront impressed by the director of photography Joe McDonald. Zero Mostel as a criminal of little time is slimy and reprehensible but sometimes likeable. Walter Jack Palance as Skeletal Blackie (Black Death?) It is simply exceptional. With a compelling intensity, Palance dominates every scene in which he finds himself not only with a broad threat but also with a disturbing charm. It also shows a formidable athleticism that allows for more suspenseful continuity, especially in the film's powerful final allegorical moments. <br /> <br /> Panic in the Streets is probably the best non-Brando film in Kazan. He is full of tension, patiently paced and cared for. It is set in a local setting, gives a sense of heightened reality that allows Kazan the flexibility to show his visual style beyond the scene of the film and with Panic succeeds with ease.
