'Panic in the Streets (1950)' owes more to the British noir than to its American counterparts. Like "The Third Man (1949)" by Reed and "Night and the City" by Dassin (1950), "director Elia Kazan chose to film mostly on the spot, capturing the fresh and vibrant decadence of New Orleans slums "In a decision borrowed from the masters of Italian neorealism, he also employed many non-professional actors for minor roles, lending an air of authenticity to the urban landscape. However, any further confrontation with neorealism would be misleading, since" Panic in the Streets "is pure melodrama, of the best kind. An illegal immigrant killed, fished out of the bay, was found infected with pulmonary plague, a deadly aerial mutation of the bubonic plague, which is transmitted from man to man and, untreated, has a mortality rate approaching 100% Clinton Reed (Richard Widmark), an official of the American Health Service, convinces the doubtful police chief (Paul Douglas) to undertake a manhunt in Germany. the city for the men responsible for the murder, for fear that they too will be infected by the disease. <br /> <br /> In my younger years, I found "Outbreak (1995)" by Wolfgang Petersen to be among the most terrifying films I have ever seen. That thriller, which owes a lot to "Panic in the Streets" (working title: "Outbreak"), terrified me so effectively because it painted the Ebola virus as an invisible and invincible killer ?? how to defend yourself against such a thing? Kazan's film is the first (to my knowledge) to address the issue of biological epidemics, although it has difficulty attributing visual recognition to an enemy that is fundamentally irrelevant to the human eye; instead he uses Jack Palance as a human personification of the plague. Although he has ventured into the filthy scum of human society, one never has the feeling that Clinton Reed is putting his life at risk (some viewers have noticed that Reed has never been inoculated against the plague, although I think it's safe presume that done at the same time as the morgue staff.} However, there is still a strong sense of urgency in the hunt for the murderers of the infected man, underground rats that pollute the sewers with their misdeeds. <br /> <br /> In the Middle Ages, when the black plague (now widely believed to have been the bubonic plague) swept through the civilized world, killing one third of the European population, many identified the destruction as the work of the Devil. The character of Jack Palance , Blackie, works effectively as Satan in human form: the angular jaw hooligan can occasionally be charming and charismatic, but is always susceptible to explode in attacks i of violence; his two hooligans (played by Guy Thomajan and Zero Mostel), out of terror more than anything else, are constantly prey to his feet. When a footman becomes ill with fever, Blackie deduces that the man's immigrant cousin must have "brought something inside him" (the irony of his conclusion does not go unnoticed), and so he tries to ascertain what this supposedly precious object must be . He holds the dying Poldi in his arms, a grotesque expression of fake affection that is both pathetic and disturbing. Is Blackie / Satan finally stopped ?? not by the authorities, but by the weight of his own infection / illness ?? while trying to get on a cargo ship, the main ship with which the plague spreads across Europe.
