As the film opens, two thugs kill another delinquent. When the body is discovered and is about to undergo an autopsy, the doctor realizes that, although the man was shot dead, he also suffered from pneumonic plague - a very ugly and more virulent version of the plague. bubonic! Thus, it is a race against time to find those who have come in contact with the dead and to treat them immediately, otherwise disaster could break out. Oddly enough, I actually know quite a bit about pneumonic plague, as I taught a series of lectures about it for my history lessons. The film did not actually do a good job in reporting the facts correctly on the illness, as it closely resembled what people had in the film. The biggest problem is that this disease is so incredibly grotesque that in 1950 they would not be allowed to show it. Sure, there's a lot of fever and cough (they got it right), but also a lot of bleeding and explosive vomit of blackened blood - along with the enormously inflated lymph nodes like you would with bubonic plague - all purply and disgusting! I can certainly understand why they didn't go that far. Also, I'm sure the federal government would have had a much greater involvement in controlling and treating the disease - here in the film it was managed locally and everyone seemed ill-prepared and a little stupid. No one seemed willing to believe the doctors !! As for acting, the film has had some excellent actors here. Richard Widmark and Paul Douglas are respectively the public health doctor and the police chief. Good actors but also known actors in 1950. However, in his first film there is the menacing Jack Palance (still with his original nickname, 'Walter Jack Palance') and the relatively unknown (at the time) Zero Mostel. Palance was exceptional: very scary and very skilled in his stunts. Mostel has played a typical role in his early work: a sort of cowardly evil. <br /> <br /> Overall, despite the details being incorrect and wrapping everything a little too neatly, the film is very tense and has excellent acting - and it's worth seeing.
