"Panic In The Streets" is an exciting and atmospheric thriller in which director Elia Kazan has achieved a great sense of realism by shooting the film in New Orleans, using a number of local people to fill various roles and make intelligent use of improvisation . As a result, the characters and the dialogue both seem very natural and credible. An important deadline to be respected in order to avoid a disaster, provides history with its great sense of urgency and rhythm and the problems that delay the adoption of the necessary action, thus increasing the tension to a high level. > <br /> After a dispute between participants of a card game, a man named Kochak (Lewis Charles) is hit and his body is dumped in the dock area. When the body is found and the coroner identifies the presence of a virus, the US public health official, Dr. Clinton Reed (Richard Widmark) is called, and his examination confirms the presence of pulmonary plague. Reed insists that all known contacts of the deceased must be inoculated without delay because the very contagious nature of the disease means that without such action, it can be expected that someone infected will die within a few days. <br /> <br /> As the identity of the deceased is unknown, the task of finding his contacts should be difficult and this situation is not helped when city officials and the police commissioner are not fully convinced by the briefing of Reed. They doubt that the threat to the public is potentially serious as he claims and their initial lack of commitment is only the first of a series of obstacles that prevent them from acting urgently. The following investigation is hampered by the lack of cooperation by the immigrant community, a group of sailors, a restaurant owner and even some illegal immigrants before the identity of the man and his contacts were found. <br /> <br /> Kochak, an illegal immigrant, had been in a gang with Blackie (Jack Palance), Raymond Fitch (Zero Mostel) and Vince Poldi (Tommy Cook) and when the band leader Blackie learns about the Police investigations underway, assume that Kochak must have smuggled something very valuable into the country. As Kochak and Poldi were related, Blackie assumes that Poldi needs to know something about this and will learn more. Poldi, however, is very ill and is unable to provide any information. Blackie brings her doctor and along with Fitch starts moving Poldi out of her room and down the stairs and this is the moment when they meet Reed and follows an exciting chase. <br /> <br /> Richard Widmark gives a strong perform as a underpaid public official who efficiently tackles the onerous responsibilities of his work and also takes care of his domestic concerns as a family man. In an unusual kind of role for him, he very convincingly interprets the determined and serious nature of Dr Reed. Jack Palance's film debut sees him as an impressive performance as a ruthless criminal who wrongly judges Kochak's reason for leaving the card game and also the reason for intense police investigations. Its distinctive features also help make your on-screen presence even more compelling. <br /> <br /> In typical docu-noir style, expressionist cinematography and neo-realist influences are used in tandem to effectively capture the atmosphere of the positions where the action takes place. Elia Kazan directs everything accurately but also excels in the memorable sequence of pursuits in the warehouse and on the pier.
