A doctor and a policeman in New Orleans have only 48 hours to locate a killer infected with pulmonary plague. <br /> <br /> A small, effective and classy thriller directed by Elia Kazan that blends documentary realism with a race against pulpy heartbeat time. Set and filmed in and around New Orleans, Panic In The Streets is based on the Quarantine story, Some Like'em Cold by Edna and Edward Anhalt who won an Oscar for the original story. It also boasts a refined ensemble cast that offers excellent performances for their director. In turn, Richard Widmark {carrying the method a year before Marlon did for Kazan in A Streetcar Named Desire}, Paul Douglas, Jack Palance (like Walter Jack Palance) and the magnificently called Zero Mostel, become all sweaty like pursuers persecuted to stop the start of a potential black death epidemic. <br /> <br /> Where the film marks its main points of suspense it is with shrewd Kazan's ability to cut back and forth between the protagonists without altering the flow and mood of the piece. From the Widmark public health doctor, with the hypodermic needle in his hand, running around trying to find the bad guys so he could do good; to the same villains who are confused as to why there is a large-scale hunt for them; the tension is accumulated to the point of breaking the fever. To which, fortunately, the last thirty minutes become a piece of fucking cinema. With Palance excelled as a bad villain who ironically puts Tommy Udo of Widmark of Kiss Of Death in his head three years earlier. <br /> <br /> It is an imaginative and intelligently written story, which cleverly connects rats and criminals to being carriers of disease. A plague of society, so to speak. They are noir elements, like paranoia, which blend nicely with its basic procedural being. While some memorable scenes are adequately cloaked in the suffocating atmosphere created by Kazan. Although some of the early character psychologists threaten to direct the film in a speech-based alley, this is definitely a film that is worth tackling to the end. Not essential film-noir, and perhaps not even essential Kazan, but certainly a highly recommended film that asks to be discovered by a new generation of movie lovers and re-evaluated by the old guard who may have lost it later in the day. 7.5 / 10
