Panic In The Streets opens in a noir style, a view along a dark street followed by a camera tilted upwards to a window, behind which is played a squalid card game - an opening that blooms, along with some of position shots, he anticipates part of the atmosphere that Welles brought a decade later into Touch Of Evil. One of the players opens the window; it is an appropriate action, which serves as an introduction to the events within and literally opens our first view of the underworld. <br /> <br /> Shooting in high contrast black and white, Panic In The Streets benefits immensely from a rather strong cast and some beautiful shots set in New Orleans. Scenes set in places like the morgue, the busy shipping office or in the midst of the peeling paint of "Frank's Place" offer a unique, sometimes claustrophobic, atmosphere that is impossible to recreate in the studio. With these elements, Kazan's film shows the influence of Dassin's innovative Naked City two years earlier, which established the gritty and almost documentary style within the noir cycle. In fact, Widmark's previous role had been in Night And The City, Dassin's even more beautiful film, a film in which the sense of growing panic was even more widespread. Joe MacDonald, a director's favorite, photographed the detailed environment of Panic In The Streets. MacDonald also worked on Kazan's Pinky and Viva Zapata!, And took over Widmark three years later in Fuller's Pick Up On South Street masterpiece. <br /> <br /> As others have noted, in a manner typical of some film noir, Kazan's work offers a contrast between the confusion, the sickness and the immorality of the streets with the modest and quiet life of the reeds . But while (for example) in Lang's The Big Heat (1953), the domestic life of the hero is destroyed by elements of vice surrounding the tangled central character - ultimately referring him to work with greater vigilance and a sense of revenge - Panic In The Streets places Reed's growing anxiety within the confines of what amounts to another "working day". Despite all the danger, he finally returns to his family justified and satisfied. The implication is that social equilibrium has been restored, at least for the time being by his professionalism and healing skills. <br /> <br /> This imbalance, of course, was created by crime and disease. The two are closely associated with this film. Remember one of the subtitles of the much cruder Cobra (1986) - where "Crime is the disease. Meet the cure", an accurate analogy in the context, if one who rings too uncomfortably of social reductionism. At the peak, while the Blackie attempts to flee aboard the ship, the images in particular allude to rats as being similar to criminals, both of which pose a threat to the health of society. How (allegedly infected) Blackie gets around the cheap rooms and docks with her friends, looking for something she suspects everyone is looking for, if without knowing exactly what it is, "pest" and "Blackie" resonate together in the mind of public, adding additional related associations. Irony of the drunkenness of Blackie for Poldi's unfortunate cousin, who "brought something in" of note is correct - even if, in the end, his nothing he can sell or steal. Blackie's logical assumption that the police would not normally worry about the murder of some anonymous illegal immigrant has an aura of truth about it, and his confusion is understandable. <br /> <br /> Dr Reed, although a lover of the house, and on the side of society, is a true noir hero. Familiar to the genre is the main protagonist of a man who walks alone, forced to travel beyond the limits of the law. In his own way, Reed is forced to take morality into his hands for the sake of society at large - a particularly appropriate film dimension given the controversial personal story of director Kazan. The director testified before the infamous HUAC, naming suspected communists and traveling companions. His film portrays suspects of being interrogated and handling the press, based on the fact that the prevailing public good justifies the means. These actions perhaps echo the director's feelings at the time, presumably accepting the McCarthy witch hunt and the suppression of civil rights that it entailed in light of the alleged communist infiltration of the entertainment industry. In these times of terrorist threats and state response, issues like those that appear in the film are surprisingly modern. <br /> <br /> The film's prominent scenes include a remarkable scene in which Blackie questions the dying Poldi for the precise nature of her cousin's alleged smuggling. Like a cat, Blackie chases her victim across the room, eventually stepping over the sick man's bed, holding Poldi's feverish head in her hands - a bad and surprising cradle. It is a gesture that underlines the intimate nature of corruption, both moral and physical. Apparently, the actors have done many or all of their stunts, which leads to other very dramatic scenes at the end, while the police and health authorities approach the bad guys under the docks. Looking half-way, climbing the slippery beams at the edge of the dock pool was supposed to be a very unpleasant experience for Palance, but it's a sequence that adds immensely to the immediacy of everything. <br /> <br /> Occasionally fewer convincing elements distract the viewer. Apparently Dr. Reed is left to fight a potential national emergency backup. Perhaps just as surprisingly, it never inoculates - inviting a dramatic breakthrough that never materializes. At the end of the film, the potential epidemic was also stopped, all the contacts were found, a little too well. But these weaknesses are more than offset by the other satisfactions of a film that still makes a compulsive and relevant vision.
