Knowing when to finish a film is as important as casting, directing and acting. And it's nice to see when a director / screenwriter does it well. With a clock of only 82 minutes, 10 ITEMS OR LESS does not lengthen the story, trying to capture senseless topics. It remains focused, it's fun, sad and well thought out. <br /> <br /> Morgan Freeman (LUCKY NUMBER SLEVIN) plays "He", an elderly actor who grabs whatever role is presented to him. We are presented "He" as he travels to a supermarket in an out-of-town area by The Kid (Jonah Hill, CLICK). Realizing that he has a star in his car, The Kid pushes him to talk about his absence in the cinema in recent years. He is not very helpful because, not only has he been out for a while, but he is also traveling to an independent film recording location where he could act ("I didn't decide if I will accept the film part."). The Kid is a relative of the director involved in this independent adventure and soon falls into the middle of nowheresville. Stuck, he decides to check the local market. He immediately runs into the beautiful Scarlet (Paz Vega) who manages the 10 items or less registered. Not only extraordinarily cute but intelligent, he starts using it as the main research subject for his independent film role. Learn how you can understand the numbers so quickly and why you know the quirks of every member of this isolated community. <br /> <br /> But he not only uses Scarlet, he helps her so he can see more deeply into her life. They travel together to get her car back from a cheating husband, and teach her how to behave to get a new job she is pining for, and how to dress for success even when confronted with Target as the epitome of local clothing. This is probably one of the funniest moments in which we can also take a look at Him, showing his complete lack of understanding of the retail chain world ("These shirts are only $ 12 dollars! How is that possible ?!" ) The ending, as stated at the beginning of this review, is abrupt but by the way. There is no way these two can remain friends even if they form a unique bond. They know when to say goodbye and what each has collected from the other. It's a quiet but compelling moment as Scarlet's clunker machine sits outside its home by L. A. <br /> <br /> This is a great independent production and a waste of time. And you won't lose your time either.
