Running only seventy-two minutes, this small neglected 2006 drama is actually just a piece of two characters, but one that works very well within its limits. It takes place almost entirely in various non-descriptive spots in the south of Los Angeles, the story itself is irrelevant, but as "Lost in Translation" by Sofia Coppola, the film talks a lot about two strangers who meet unexpectedly, find a common bond and they return to their enlightened lives for the epochal encounter. Help Morgan Freeman and Paz Vega also play the characters. Freeman finally freed from the wise sages and authoritative figures above any reproach who have become his specialty on the big screen, Freeman seems relatively liberated as a somewhat self-indulgent movie star. His character is driven to a low-cost grocery store in Carson, where he will be able to research a role he is considering in an independent film. <br /> <br /> Off the job for a few years, he is embarrassed when he sees the DVDs of his films in the business basket, but his ego is such that he does not lack the temerity to look and even imitate the store staff enervated. Of particular charm to him is Scarlet, a worker embittered by Spain and relegated to the express line where the model of efficiency is not celebrated. He has an interview for a secretarial job in a construction company, but his deep insecurity seems to defeat his possibilities. Still as the Amazonian sister of Penelope Cruz, the beautiful Vega (one of the few redeemable aspects of "Spanglish" by James L. Brooks) brings a pungent advantage and a realistic vulnerability to Scarlet. She and Freeman interact very well throughout history, which includes stops not only at the grocery store but also at Target, Arby's and a complete car wash. Nothing shocking happens except to show how two people realize the resounding transience of chance encounters. <br /> <br /> Silberling simplifies the process, but the production also reflects the craftsmanship in the vibrant cinematography of Phedon Papamichael. "Sideways") and the contagious score of the Brazilian composer Antonio Pinto ("City of God"). There are fast cameos from Bobby Cannavale (like Scarlet's future husband) and themselves, Danny DeVito and Rhea Perlman, as well as a fun piece with Jonah Hill ("Knocked Up") as the trackless driver and Jim Parsons ( the "knight" in "Garden State") as an adoring receptionist. The 2007 DVD is packed with extras, including a "15 days or less" production documentary, aimed at film students and where a 103-minute marathon is held; six extended scenes; a carefree but penetrating three-way conversation between Silberling, Freeman and Vega in the middle of Target; and a couple of fragments that specifically advertise the DVD.
