I'm a big fan of Morgan Freeman. 'The Shawshank Redemption' is on top of my favorite movies of all time. But I have to admit that I have often asked myself about his choice of roles. So many of his titles were big heartless budget cliches. '10 Items Or Less' marks for me the return of Freeman in a role that showcases his considerable acting talents. <br /> <br /> Freeman plays a Hollywood actor who has never worked for many years. He was offered a part in an unspecified indie image for which he is researching in a grocery store in a poor LA neighborhood. After being stranded by his shaky driver, Freeman is offered a ride home by the extraction girl Scarlet (Paz Vega), with whom he made friends. Before she can take him home, however, Scarlet has a big job interview he has to go to, and Freeman agrees to tag together in exchange for the ride. <br /> <br /> The film follows Scarlet and Freeman in several locations, but the film is actually just a piece of character about the interactions between the two. Freeman is the type of Hollywood par excellence, par excellence, who has never heard of Target, and does not know his phone number or even the day of the week in which he is. It spits the wisdom of the Dalai Lama filtered through its mentality "the whole world is just a stage" and repeatedly calls Scarlet's job interview and a "audition". Yet he has a way with people, a way to influence them that goes beyond his fame. He is a fan of humanity. He studies them, asks incessant questions about them and delights in their quirks in which the others would simply be annoyed. In Scarlet, he sees the stubborn and proud solitary being; he sees the man he was. <br /> <br /> Scarlet, for his part, shows a proud pride and a sharp tongue that serve to hide his insecurities about himself. Vega plays the role with a connection to Freeman that eliminates the line between an almost childlike love and a physical attraction, even if she plays it beautifully and is not at all disturbing as it seems. But even when he feels his connection with Freeman grow, Scarlet has a keen eye for the reality of their different worlds and cuts through Freeman's Hollywood bull * struck by a strong pragmatism that refuses to accept anything except the truth. <br /> <br /> The film is intelligent, fun and well written, with a simple but effective dialogue. I read a review of IMDb that said the lines were "rigged", which I think is a misinterpretation of a realistic human language. There are no great soliloquies here, no moment of deep soul searching. And so the trick is, I think, to show how people in normal everyday life can establish connections between them. And I think that Freeman and Vega do it beautifully, painting an image of a bond between two people that glitters like the sun over the ocean, ethereal and elusive. Long after he disappeared, he lives in your memories, teasing you with what could have been. OK, it was a little floral, but I really enjoyed the performances and the film. I would definitely recommend it.
