Barbra Streisand's debut special is still a highlight in the history of entertainment - in any media. Cleverly divided into three separate acts (to minimize the interruption of commercial breaks), Streisand made the courageous but masterful decision to abandon the typical variety show format of the time (which is why there are no guest stars or forced jokes) and carry the entire show on his shoulders alone. The risky move has paid off enormously, as MY NAME IS BARBRA has set a new standard for television music programming. <br /> <br /> Shot in a glorious black and white (which actually adds to the effectiveness of the show), MY NAME IS BARBRA is impeccably conceived and shot in an impressive way. However, what makes the show truly transcendent is Streisand itself. Watching the 23-year-old actor navigate the 55-minute runtime of the show is no less than electrifying. She has a fantastic voice (and even performs the entire first and third live acts), and gives the first proof of the immense stellar power that will soon follow her on the big screen. <br /> <br /> The greatest asset of the special is it's boldness in allowing Streisand to simply stand on the stage and sing great songs. After the powerful opening performance of "Much More" (with a brief opening fragment of "My Name Is Barbara" by Leonard Bernstein), Barbra proceeds to wander in a multi-level studio that performs a frenetic version of the classic Disney "I I'm late. " Among the verses of "I'm Late", Streisand stops at various levels of the set to sing some fantastic numbers like the disturbing "Make Believe" and the thundering "How Does the Wine Taste?" In the middle of Act I, Barbra re-enters her childhood until the notes of "A Kid Again", to then exhibit very energetic performances of "I'm Five" and "Sweet Zoo" as she goes wild in an over-sized set. The illusion is finally destroyed, however, when Streisand finds himself out of the imagination and returns to the real world. Then he sings of this innocence lost in childhood "Where Is the Wonder?" Streisand then launches onto a platform stage surrounded by an entire room - full of musicians and plays a moving interpretation of "People" before the thunderous applause of a live audience. <br /> <br /> Act II of the special begins with Streisand winning the studio audience with a camp version of "I've Got the Blues", before delivering a comic monologue on "Pearl of Istanbul". Streisand then heads to the Bergdorf Goodman department store, which allows her to sing a mixture of poor songs as she walks through some of the store's elegant fashions. This segment is the most beautiful moment of the special for many fans and critics. Some highlights of the Medley Act II include Streisand singing a small version of "Second Hand Rose" to the public, which looks like a Latin bullfighter on the note "No one knows you when you're down and out" and portrays a frustrated Donald Duck while attacking Brother, you can save a penny. " The third act of the special is a direct concert, without scenes or concepts. Streisand is an artist who really lives on the stage of the concert and this segment is the most exciting moment of the special. Streisand enters the scene playing an almost challenging version of "When the Sun Comes Out" and continues to amaze the viewer with a delicious version of the ballad THE YEARLING "Why Did I Choose You", a burning performance of "Lover Back to Me," and a passionate medley of three songs form FUNNY GIRL. Streisand really surpasses herself, however, with a phenomenal rendition of the Fanny Brice / Billie Holiday standard "My Man", which immediately became one of the singer's most beloved songs. <br /> <br /> Streisand performs his immortal ballad version of "Happy Days Are Here Again" while the end credits run on the left side of the screen. The iconic conclusion of the number confirms to the viewer that he has really seen something really special. MY NAME IS BARBRA was a huge triumph when it was first broadcast, and eventually won five Emmy awards as well as generating two Top-Five and Gold-selling soundtrack albums. Looking at everything again, it is absolutely no surprise.
