Streisand fans who only know his work from the movie FUNNY GIRL onwards have to see this show to see which brilliant performer Streisand WAS - PRIMA has achieved his goal of becoming a movie star. There had never been a female singer like her ever before, and there would never be more (sorry, Celine - only in your dreams!), But never again would Streisand sing with vivacity, energy and, above all, l 'ENTHUSIASM and VULNERABILITY with which he performs here - when he arrives at that Central Park concert only 2 or 3 years later, he shot FUNNY GIRL in Hollywood and his style of performance has become less spontaneous and more reserved, more proven (and, let's face it: more angry) - there is a wall between her and the public. The live performance was never what she really liked - she did it because she knew it was her ticket to Hollywood, and once she didn't have to do it she did as little as possible (and oh, that legendary stage fright provides such a good excuse!). <br /> <br /> His voice here and at his first appearance on Judy Garland Show is incredible: Streisand could really make an old song resonate again, and composers like Richard Rodgers and Harold Arlen loved it for it. But in the 70s Streisand was trying to become a "rock" singer, his albums that followed the younger audience, with excessive shrieks of songs that weren't worthy of his effort or his voice. <br /> <br /> In the 80s he returned with that brilliant "Broadway Album", but he continued to talk about how difficult it was to make it, how "they" told her not to, etc. Oh, please, when someone told Streisand what to do? She could have done good things like that all the time, taking the audience to her level instead of bending over what she thought the young audience wanted. (The sequel to "Back to Broadway" was not as good, as it seems that Streisand considers it necessary to improve the work of other composers: if he were alive at that time, Richard Rodgers would even have recognized his "Some Enchanted Evening" "Rodgers, known for having pushed singers to play with his melodies, it would undoubtedly have been after Streisand had sung what he had written! "He pushes Michael Crawford from the CD into the" Music of the Night "duet - apparently reminds him of his CD, why do you insist on taking songs that are duets and sing them by yourself, and songs that are not duets and singing like duets with someone else that then continues to decline? "<Apparently Judy Garland took Streisand aside and advised her," Don't let that they'll do what they did to me ", he advised Streisand that he didn't waste time paying attention, despite his protests, indeed, it certainly seems to have always been his way or the highway. Imagine - SHE told CBS Brass that his first TV special would be done - no guest, only HIS. <br /> <br /> But no one can argue with the results that are so obvious here. Treat yourself to this brilliant musical phenomenon BEFORE it was a legend - you will be absolutely surprised by the difference! <br /> <br /> PS - I watched it again last night (12/01) after not having seen it for many years - it was still BETTER than I remembered! The first act begins with "I'm Late" and includes "Make Believe" and "How Does the Wine Taste", and Barbra's homage to childhood, "I'm Five" - ​​culminates when Streisand appears full (and I mean FULL) orchestra to sing "People" - she was not yet bored with the song and although it is a slightly shorter version, it really comes down - compare it with some of its later "autopilot" versions. Act 2 (after the schtick-patter "kooky" by Streisand, which hasn't changed much over the years) is the famous series of Depression songs set in the Bergdorf-Goodman extravaganza. <br /> <br /> The 3rd Act is the stunner - call it "Streisand, the orchestra and the audience" (although we never see the audience that presumably attends this historic event). With her fear of the public and dislike of such interpretations, this may have been the most difficult part for her, but if so, she wouldn't show it to her credit. Tear "Lover come back to me" and the torch "When the Sun Comes Out" (although I can't remember in what order!), The moving "Why Did I Choose You?" (One of my all-time favorites Streisand performances) and offers a medley of songs FUNNY GIRL, including (obviously) "Do not Rain on My Parade" and my favorite song from the soundtrack, "The Music That Makes Me Dance". Explaining that "Fanny Brice sang a a song of the genre in 1922, and made her toast on Broadway ", Streisand sings" My Man ", and is almost a test model for his subsequent interpretation of the screen in the movie FUNNY GIRL (the main difference is that black is the dress here is sleeveless - her movie dress had long sleeves and on the black background all we saw were her hands and her face), but the voice here is more urgent and full of her next voice. interpretation of the song has everything to do with Streisand and nothing to do with Fanny Brice ch and, of course, he never sang the song in a real but like the Streisand does here or in the movie - see THE GREAT ZIEGFIELD for a taste of the more discreet version of Brice.) The show ends with Streisand singing "Happy Days Are Here Again "above the credits. <br /> <br /> When it was over, I told the friend I was looking at, "He NEVER did anything better!" <br /> <br /> And she was twenty-three!
