Barbra Streisand was still a curiosity in 1964, and probably raised more than a few eyebrows in the industry when CBS signed it for a $ 10 million television deal (nothing these days). But more important than that, Barbra and her manager insisted on creative control - and they understood it. He had this special shot in his own way, and for the most part his vision was in turn intelligent, clever and incredible. Opening Act I with the title song (not written specifically for her), Streisand runs through a cast of classic songs related to "I'm Late" (from "Alice in Wonderland"!) - she even continues to talk about ears blurry and mustache and "too much time to shave"!); this is an absolutely fascinating, if not bizarre, selection, and have fun because it didn't make the two soundtrack albums available. Slow down "Make Believe" (which perhaps becomes too slow), but the dramatic "How does wine taste?" it's amazing. "A Kid Again" is cute (with Streisand that looks tiny in a huge chair - is that what Lily Tomlin got?), As well as the "Sweet Zoo" ("I'm an alligator - crocodile ?? - no , alligator! "). "Where is the Wonder" is very cool and elegant, and her "People" number, surrounded by an orchestra that touches her at the closing of the song, is amazing. Act II is set in Bergdof Goodman's New York City, with Streisand behaving extravagantly in high-fashion clothes (when she jokes about the mink, the audience watching the tape was really panting). Act III, before a studio audience (composed of lucky fans of the fan club), begins with a powerful version of "When the Sun Comes Out" (Streisand really seems breathless at the dramatic closure), followed by "Why Did I Choose You?" (probably his best juvenile song), too fast "Lover, Come Back to Me" (where he eventually drowned in the orchestra), and a medley "Funny Girl". The finale, "Happy Days is Here Again", which reportedly took 12 takes, closes the time surprisingly. Sponsored by Chemstrand (a fiber manufacturer!), This black and white gem moves quickly, with jazz set-ups, exceptional cinematography, sets and extravagant costumes. They don't actually do that anymore - and this is about the special and Streisand.
