I couldn't help thinking that this could have been a bigger movie than it was. The script is very clever and it seemed that it could have been opened in a way that is more reminiscent of Seven. Not changing history - I think mainly through cinematography. Cinematography was the only thing I found to keep the film. On the other hand, the rhythm was absolutely in point. Those who worked on editing did their job really well. And I thought Bill Paxton did a great job of directing. Now far from technical things ... <br /> <br /> This movie threw me for a ride. SPOILER NEXT !!!! All the while, I really felt that Bill Paxton was crazy and then when Adam finally brought the FBI agent to the Rose Garden to show him where the bodies were buried and revealed who he was, I was thrown for a ride. I had suspected the first part of the turnaround, but what really struck me was when he touched the agent and saw the agent kill his mother and the fact that even the agent (without words, simply touching) sees him again with Adam and asks him how he knew it. My dilemma was not that it was the umpteenth turning point launched, but the almost elusive idea that this man and his father were not mad, but actually identified the "bad guys" so to speak, already knowing their sins and crimes. I do not support an eye for an eye so I did not leave the film believing that they were doing the work of God. I chose instead to believe that they were both clairvoyant and that one day the father had left the deep end and through the things he submitted his children, he also disturbed them permanently. This was my interpretation, but the irritating thing about the film is that it is like a house of cards and an infinite circle and what is the correct interpretation of the disturbing events you have been through. It is certainly one of those films in which I would like to meet the writer, so I could simply ask him what the real meaning was for all this. Were they crazy and psychotic? Were they simply telepathic and licensed for this? Or did they have a sort of appearance from God? And if so, it was God or the devil who disguised himself as God. My friends and I found ourselves talking about it all night trying to figure out what it was and what the filmmakers thought when they made this film. <br /> <br /> A decidedly compelling and thought-out film that invokes films with very disturbing but certainly not sensationalistic elements. It's not a perfect movie, but it's definitely the same thing. The great directorial work and acting of Bill Paxton and the child who played Fenton were extremely good. I hope he doesn't end up going back to the child actor syndrome because he seems to have many promises. I gave this film a good grade for most of the components that make a film, but I would have voted higher if I hadn't had the feeling that something (even if I can't identify what) was turned off and if it didn't have been , the film would have gone to an even higher level. Again, precise advice, especially for those who are curious.
