Fragility is a non-gory horror film that reaches its chills by following the logic and impact of a man's delirium / obsession directly into depravity. Dad (we never learn his name) is a kind man and loving father who is raising his children by himself after his mother died giving birth to his youngest son, Adam. The family world turns upside down late at night when Dad rushes into the boys' room and tells them that God has given him a vision. And what a view ?? the task of the whole family is to destroy the demons, which, of course, are disguised in human form. <br /> <br /> Based on this premise, the film has no intention of following it. Dad abducts people / demons that God told him to destroy, binds them, puts them on their hands to see a vision of their evil, then kills them ?? while watching his young children. Fenton, the older boy, is horrified, seeing only a father turned into a mad assassin. Adam, the youngest, is uncomfortable, but he trusts that Dad is following the will of God. In the end, Dad takes his children on a mission to kidnap the "demons" that God has put on Dad's list, and finally there invites us to participate fully in God's mission for the family. <br /> <br /> This is not, you understand, a violent father. He loves his children. He's just following God's instructions: "This is our job now, son, we have to do it". When Fenton, terrified and convinced that his father has gone mad, says he will report him to the police, his father explains: "If you do, son, I will die. The angel was clear about this". The pressure children suffer is unbearable and tragic, and distorts their entire lives. (1) The structure of the film is similar to that used in The Usual Suspects: a flashback story, told at a police station to an FBI agent. The moody lighting, the stormy weather and the disturbing calm of today add to the threat of the past. I wanted to believe that the horror that was unfolding was just a story, until I remembered the real-life parallel of Andrea Yates, who believed she was possessed by Satan and could save her children by drowning them. Even then, I wanted to believe that I was looking at a human tragedy, rather than a story of divine retribution. <br /> <br /> The film gave me no comfort, as it eventually gave strong clues about the veracity of Dad's vision. And this, for some holes in the plot, was a problem for me. Regardless of the accuracy of Dad's visions, regardless of the harm his victims might have committed, where does someone get the authority to act like an angel of death? (1) Review by Roger Ebert, 4/12/02
