Several films by Richard Attenborough as a director have been biographies of important historical figures: "Young Winston", "Gandhi", "Chaplin". "Gray Owl" is also a filmed biography of a historical individual, but in this case Attenborough's subject is a much darker character. Gray Owl was a Canadian writer of the 1920s and 30s who promoted the ideas of environmentalism and nature conservation at a time when these causes were less fashionable than today. It was believed that he was an American Indian; the story he told himself was that he was born in Mexico of a Scottish father and Apache mother and had emigrated to Canada where he had been adopted as a member of the Ojibway tribe. He lived in a hut on a lake in a remote area of ​​Canadian nature, where he earned his living as a hunter. He toured Britain twice, in 1935 and 1937, to promote his books and lecture on conservation, achieving great successes, even introducing himself to the royal family. (During one of these tours, then-adolescent Attenborough saw Gray Owl at the London Palladium Theater). After his death in 1938, however, it was revealed that he had not claimed to be; his real name was Archibald Belaney, and he was born in the English seaside town of Hastings. <br /> <br /> The film differs somewhat from the facts of Gray Owl's life. In a scene set in 1934, he claims to be 41; in fact, he was born in 1888, so he would have been 46 that year. (46 would have been the age of Pierce Brosnan when the film was made, so I'm not sure why this change was made). Numerous events are compressed in the last four years of the life of Gray Owl (1934-1938). In the film it is during this period that he meets and marries Gertrude Bernard who calls Anahareo; in fact, he met and married Gertrude as early as 1925. The film also omits the fact that they were divorced in 1936 and that Gray Owl remarried shortly before his death. <br /> <br /> The revelation of the true identity of the Gray Owl had a negative impact on his posthumous reputation, and he was fired as a "scammer". His alleged deception was even used to discredit the causes he had defended. Richard Attenborough, however, has a more comprehensive view of his results. One of the themes explored by the film is the question of ethnic identity. Although the former Archibald Belaney was not a Canadian Indian by birth, there is no doubt that he had a profound knowledge of the culture and traditions of Ojibway and that he spoke their language fluently. He was accepted by the Ojibway as a member of their tribe. It therefore seems unfair to describe his claim of a North American identity as fraudulent, simply because it was an identity he had chosen rather than one that was born. <br /> <br /> According to the film The Wife of Gray Owl, Gertrude, was of Indian origin, but came from a family that had been assimilated to the Canadian white culture. His marriage can therefore be seen as his recovery of his family's original cultural heritage. She was clearly influenced by her husband, but also had an influence on him, persuading him to give up his job as a hunter as he had moral objections to kill animals for their fur. <br /> <br /> A criticism made of the film is that Pierce Brosnan is "mixed-up" like the hero, a criticism that seems rooted in the preconception that Brosnan can only interpret action heroes in the James Bond mold. It seems to me, however, that Brosnan may have deliberately taken on this role to avoid being a fool, while the taciturn gray woodsman is almost the furthest from the sophisticated and sophisticated Bond agent that can be obtained. The original Bond, Sean Connery, seems to have deliberately opted for contrasting roles when he appeared in films like "The Hill" or "The Molly Maguires". Brosnan is indeed very good in this role, although I would agree with those who found Annie Galipeau as weak as Gertrude. <br /> <br /> Another frequently expressed criticism with which I would disagree is that the film is "boring" ". Certainly, it is not an action film like Bonds, nor is it a great epic film as "Gandhi", and it may indeed seem boring to those who expected it to be either, but it is likely that anyone who has an interest in the early days of the environmental movement or the philosophical implications of national and ethnic identity "The Canadian forest scenes are also beautifully photographed. Richard Attenborough gave us a report helping to revive interest in this almost forgotten but fascinating figure. 7/10
