Originally conceived as a solo vehicle for Dudley Moore, "Not Only ... But Also" saw its former Beyond collaborator The Fringe, Peter Cook, on the first show, and so well received was the BBC-2 controller he insisted that he will be there every week from then on. They were a classic comedy: Cook was tall, handsome and witty, while Dudley was short, charismatic and musically gifted. The sketch that brought the house down had made them in a pub, with flat caps and scarves, fantasizing about movie stars like Jane Russell and Greta Garbo. It remains one of the most exhilarating scenes of all time, and even when the corpses of Cook are still well preserved. <br /> <br /> Those characters - the idiot Pete and the even bigger idiot Dud - found their way into every episode of the actual show, seen in a different environment, like a zoo or a art Gallery. In the latter, they ate sandwiches while discussing works of art. "That comic strip by Leonardo Da Vinci ... I don't see the joke!", Says Dud. Pete points out that when he was first unveiled, he probably had people in crisis. Dud almost chokes on his meal. "You're really enjoying those sandwiches!", Ad libs Cook. The couple bounced their humor to each other in a way that was joyful to watch. The sketches set new standards for the comedy, standards that would not have been equaled until the arrival of 'Monty Python'. <br /> <br /> As the popularity of the show increases, the quality of guest stars has also increased. Peter Sellers, for example, and John Lennon, the latter presenting a movie based on his poem "Deaf Ted, Danoota, & Me". 'One Leg Too Few' - he had Dud as' George Spigott '(a name later reused in the movie' Bedazzled '), a man with one leg, jumping into the office of the film producer Cook to audition for the role of' Tarzan '. Cook tries to disappoint him in the best possible way. "I have nothing against your right leg!", He says. "The trouble is - neither you!" Dud would occasionally interview the eccentric Sir Arthur Streeb-Greebling (Cook), who when he was not teaching crows to fly underwater, was planning to open a restaurant called "The Frog & The Peach". Another classic was "The Leaping Nuns" (also reused in "Bedazzled"). But my all-time favorite must be 'Superthunderstingcar', a mischievously funny (and accurate) parody by Gerry and Sylvia Anderson 'Thunderbirds'. Pete and Dud played all the roles, with the latter making a film like "Lady Penelope". 'Ludwig' had Ludwig Van Beethoven as the protagonist of a variety show in the style of "This Is Tom Jones". 'The Immortal Bargo' was a documentary about the life of the lonely movie star 'Emma Bargo'. In an unforgettable moment, he drove through London, shouting through a megaphone: "I want to be alone!" A feature of Season 3 was "Poets Cornered" with the likes of Ronnie Barker, Spike Milligan, Barry Humphries, Willie Rushton and others suspended on a tank. Each of them had to improvise a poem, and anyone who couldn't make the rhyme ended up in bad things. <br /> <br /> Three seasons were done in all, produced (at different times) by Joe McGrath, Dick Clement and Jimmy Gilbert. Unfortunately, few editions survive. To make matters worse, the screenplays have also been destroyed. The belief is that this situation could happen. <br /> <br /> The show ended in 1970. The comics then hit Broadway, made the infamous "Derek & Clive" tapes, but Cook's ever-increasing alcoholism divided them. Eight years later, Cook announced that a new series was in preparation, but for his part it turned out to be a pious wish. His ex-partner was making films in America, and he had no intention of working again with Cook (not at that time). <br /> <br /> Just a movie for a BBC-2 repeat season in the early 90s is enough. As expected, some articles had not held up like others. Cook died in 1995 and, as a tribute, B.B.C has put together a program compiled from various interviews "Parkinson" and "Not only ... but also". He ended up quite appropriately with Pete and Dud who were in Heaven. "Damn hell!", Exclaimed the latter. Moore passed in 2002.
