Enterprise, the latest high-budget spin-off for the most successful franchise in the history of cinema and television, opens on the notes of a 90-minute episode called "Broken Bow". First we are hit by a massive action sequence with a Klingon chased by some Sulibans (who are the main enemies in the first season of the show). From there the film broadcast on television takes us on a journey that rarely becomes beautiful, with some of the best developments of characters, stories and visual actions / effects never seen before in such a short time. <br /> <br /> Opening credits are a debatable topic among the minority of Enterprise fans, which some believe the song to be out of place. What they cannot understand are the texts themselves. If you listen to the song itself, instead of the theme, they will start putting together the parts of the puzzle. And in the end, as the series progresses more and more, and we learn more about our brave captain and his crew, the song will actually become significant. Overall, the theme of Diane Warren is beautifully orchestrated and is sung just as well by the opera singer Russell Watson. <br /> What makes each television series watchable and worth watching over and over again its characters and the way they are structured and layered. The company is (in my opinion) one of the most popular shows after The Next Generation. The choice of Scott Bakula, as Captain Jonathan Archer was the best decision since Gene himself chose Patrick Stewart as Jean-Luc Picard. While the captain always leads the show, Bakula adds a subtlety to his role and brings a huge smile to the face of anyone who has blood in his veins. Simply (both wise and wise for the character) a superb human being and his charm, wit and compassion are overwhelming to observe. As for the other cast members, one of my favorites is John Billingsley who plays Dr. Phlox. It's also nice to see a non-human playing a role, and the decision to give the dog a captain, called "Porthos", was a well received idea. During the show, the character's development was brilliant, it was fast, well organized and almost perfect. I say almost because sadly the character of Travis Mayweather played by the British Anthony Montgomery is a bit weak at the end of the first season. He has some things to say here and there, but he remains in the hands of the producers to make it more important. Jolene Blalock is as wonderful as the subcomandante T'Pol, sometimes harsh but just as lovable. Dominic Keating in the role of Lieutenant Malcolm Reed plays an important role and is convincing as an officer in the armory. Connor Trinneer plays Commander Charles "Trip" Tucker who always adds charm and comic style to his character and finally Linda Park as Ensign Hoshi Sato, who often plays a weaker character but fortunately quickly becomes interesting. All these characters make up Enterprise, and they all carry a quality that Star Trek hasn't seen in a long time. Each person makes this show worth seeing. Smiles and a feeling of well-being are guaranteed from the first time we see them all together on the deck of the starship Enterprise NX-01. <br /> <br /> The ship itself, the NX-01 is somewhat questionable in design. The series is set between 150 years and 100 years before Captain Kirk. So why does the ship appear to be similar in design to mid-24th century ships, namely the Akira-class starship? Continuity was a problem in Enterprise, but luckily Rick [Berman] and Brannon [Braga] offer adequate explanations for each of them. Continuity is just a problem if you watch the shows forever and you're obsessed with the smallest of details. If you see the show with and open your mind, then you won't have problems, but there is a need to know "why" all the time. So what did Berman and Braga offer Star Trek fans with the question of the ship's worthy name? According to them the NX-01 is as it is because of the accident in First Contact. When Zefram Cochrane saw the Enterprise-E through his telescope and talking to Commander Riker's landing party, he changed the ideas in his head. This is a pretty good explanation for me. Obviously it's not so easy for some fans to accept that kind of response, some even go so far as to refuse to see the show until they get a reasonable answer. Come on kids. When George Lucas destroyed the Star Wars saga with the launch of his profit trilogy, fans couldn't do anything, just watch and sap anyway. And then they learned it, well maybe it's not so bad. If you can't accept a quality show for what it is, not what should be in your mind, then go elsewhere. Or try becoming a producer of the show and then see what you can do. <br /> <br /> Sets on Enterprise remind me a lot of the Deep Space Nine Defiant. They often appear cold and have a mysterious aspect of modern structure for them and they shout that they belong to the military. Perhaps this is why the crew of the USS Enterprise (the flagship of the American fleet) likes it so much. They are surprising sets and represent the show to perfection. <br /> <br /> Rick Berman "the lord of the empire" as John Logan so accurately said and his counterpart Brannon Braga has hit the head exactly where they should have, and in all the right places. Whether it's technical, visual, sound, modification or score. The company is a beautiful demonstration of how good a science fiction can be in the end, when it is in the hands of the geniuses. The late Gene Roddenberry would be proud of this series and as a Star Trek fan, so you should.
