The tourist season has just ended on a remote island off the coast of Scotland, winter is beginning to set and the inhabitants, both men and sheep, are settling in much more peaceful times. Michael Gaffikin (James Warwick) former paratrooper of the British army, is the local dentist, he is not an islander by birth and as such his relationship with local artist and cartographer Fiona Patterson (Celia Imrie) is always seen with a little of suspicion, not maliciously, but just outside the protective instincts that the close community has for their fellow men. The serenity of the islands is interrupted when Gaffikin, in search of a solitary round of golf, finds the headless remains of a woman brutally killed. He immediately reports his gruesome discovery to Insp Inskip (Maurice Roëves) at the island's police station, Inskip organizes the delivery of the remains to the local doctor, Dr. Goudry, for a more in-depth inspection. A quick search for the killer is unsuccessful, as is the search for a missing local woman. During dinner that evening with Michael Gaffikin, Fiona realizes that the dead woman could be Sheila Anderson, a woman from the continent, who lives on the island during the winter months. A quick search at his house Where Cottage reveals the missing remains of his body, his home that is turning out to be the scene of the crime, but why did the killer drag his bust over a mile into the woods? Suspicion immediately falls on the only stranger left on the island, a Colonel Howard (Jonathan Newth) who is also the last person to see her alive when they came across the last ferry together. Goudry asks Gaffikin for some dental experience on the victims' body, reveals that it was torn to pieces with someone or something with great force, a sign of teeth on the body seems to indicate a human killer, another indicates that of an unknown animal of some kind . A sheep is found mutilated and therefore a Canadian ornithologist is found killed. With a strong fog breaking, the island is isolated from the mainland and any possibility of help, even the radio does not work, apparently blocked and telephone lines have been cut. UFO reports and the sighting of a camouflaged soldier are made worse by the discovery of a strange boat hidden behind rocks on the beach. Inskip is confused and refuses to listen to anything except the facts and laughs at Gaffikin's idea that aliens might be involved, but an increase in radioactive levels on the island makes him doubt himself. <br /> <br /> The Nightmare Man is based on the novel, Child of the Vodyanoi by David Wiltshire, was adapted by Dr Who and Blake's screenwriter of 7, Robert Holmes and directed by Douglas Camfield, who also had executive experience. on both Sci / Fi classics and the film takes advantage of the experience of such experience on board gender experts. The Nightmare Man, however, is on the whole, a piece made in a succinctly better way, which builds the plot next to a solid development of the character, even in the minor characters, time is dedicated to giving them a solid foundation. The island's setting is perhaps a genre cliché that has been used many times, but it is one of those that I really like, the distance, the feeling of being under siege with no way out always add to the atmosphere and here an extra grit is given to have an impenetrable fog nearby to hinder all efforts. In many efforts of this kind it is very easy for procedures to become foolish and for the plot to resort to melodrama, but thanks to Camfield, he keeps everything together with the emphasis on credibility at all times. There is an authenticity in the proceedings, the characters even speak Gaelic at times to deepen this point. If there is a negative aspect of the killer, we are given his POV for the murders, a cliché acceptable on its own, but if seen through a red filter and a fish eye lens, it is just screams of excessive and given the film just a little. However, it will be difficult to guess the result or the identity or, in any case, the killer species, given the clues presented, but it is a fun and very well acted piece. The local Scottish cast is exceptional, the local Roeves and Cosmo catwalks in particular move away from each other and are a delight for the eyes. Imrie, which I've never seen in other works, is also quite good and shows her feminine physique as if she were in a Hammer production. The extravagant ending, perhaps even absurd, can irritate some viewers, has disappointed me in some way, but taking into account when it was realized, it is an understandable and acceptable addendum that, if you think about it, is even more terrifying.
