There is no greater disruption to history than to represent it in a false way. This takes the simplest and most superficial path, simply by portraying it as a monster. It only shows its negative sides and exaggerates them. "Those who ignore the past condemn us to repeat it". He was a human being. This may prove difficult for some people to accept, but an important part of life is what we do not want. Rather than demonizing man, we should try to understand him. Otherwise, we have little chance of preventing someone like that in the future, or perhaps even the present, from succeeding in something remotely comparable in terms of damage and unhappiness. He hates him and what he did, don't make him become something mythical, intentionally or not. Frankly, too much of this mini series might sound "stupid * duuum *!" after or during the scenes. The whole thing nods, elbows and winks at the audience, with a clear message of "it was this wicked guy or thing", incorporating every single negative trait (besides doing several things that go directly against who and what it was), leaving them appear more or less out of nowhere, and having them be constant throughout his life, not something he has come to believe or affirm. This should never be used to educate. Use Der Untergang (Downfall, in English), and maybe report the few inaccuracies of that, instead. This, this is disrespectful for the real events that have taken place, and for all the survivors, not to mention those who have died. Cinematic quality? Top quality. It is well done, through and through, excellent production values, a solid arch for well-told plot, what characterizes is strong and credible, dialogue and script are great, all the performances are masterful (Carlyle looks and behaves well ... as it was written ... perfectly), the music is well composed, cinematography and editing are impeccable and creative, and this is decidedly dramatic, fun and compelling. They receive dates and many events and do them justice. If I had been offered to work on this, and I didn't think I was objective enough to make Hitler look like a completely molded person, I would have refused, citing the reason. I don't blame anyone for detesting him. How can you forgive what he did, and we're sure we should? This is not what I am suggesting. Finally, I would like to point out that, as I write this, we are in a global economic crisis that has lasted for about two years and is not terribly dissimilar from the stock market crash of 1929. The two reasons why it did not lead to a depression of the new millennium: governments are giving money to banks to keep the market going, and most countries are now friendly to each other. Apart from that, the lesson had not been learned. Hopefully, he has it now. Back to this ... my suggestion? Read a book, essays, addressing the topic. There is a lot of information, smart. The DVD contains a trailer. I recommend it only to those who know best and promptly solicit anyone who has observed it, to seek the truth. 8/10
