The penultimate episode of the original Star Trek series is an interesting, sometimes melancholy episode that shows that the show was still exploring its characters even at this point in the third season; even if imperfect, "All Our Yesterdays" has its moments and, overall, a moody and compelling look. Kirk, Spock and McCoy launch themselves on a planet, assuming they are arriving in time to save or at least give some warning to any population there, as the planet's sun explodes in a few hours. But apparently, people are too aware of the fate of the planet and, using some sort of time travel device, have fled into the past. Each person was able to choose the time and place in the past where he would like to live in a "library" run by an elderly man named Atoz. Atoz assumes that the three men are looking for a past in which to live, and shows them various periods from which viewers can choose. There is some forced confusion at the beginning of the episode, with lines like: <br /> <br /> McCoy- Where did they go? Atoz- Wherever they wanted. <br /> <br /> The misunderstanding could be clarified rather easily, but for plot purposes, it is not, and soon Kirk will find himself transported to a period similar to 18th century England, while Spock and McCoy come sent in an ice age, 5,000 years in the past of the planet. From here, the main attention is on Spock and his relationship with a woman exiled at this time by a tyrant as a punishment. Spock begins to act more and more emotionally, showing anger towards McCoy and deep affection for Zarabeth, the woman. Eventually he understands that he is returning to the primitive emotional state of his ancestors on Vulcan, 5,000 years ago. Kirk returns to the library for the first time, and eventually convinces Mr. Atoz that they do not belong to the history of his planet. Spock and McCoy return just before it's too late, leaving Zarabeth behind; the Enterprise radiates the three and quickly moves away as the sun explodes, destroying the planet. The interaction between Spock and Zarabeth provides the most memorable moments of this episode, even though Kirk's adventure in the "English" past is fun. All in all, a very decent Star Trek tour in the last few days.
