The penultimate episode of the third season of Star Trek is excellent and a highlight of the much sought after final season. Essentially, Spock, McCoy and Kirk teleport to Sarpeidon to find the planet's population completely missing, except for the presence of a giant library and Mr. Atoz, the librarian. All three of Trek's characters soon accidentally enter a time travel car in different periods of Sarpeidon's past. Spock convincingly interprets Vulcan Ice Age who falls in love with Zarabeth while Kirk resumes his unfortunate time travel experience - see the 'City on the Edge of Forever' - when he is accused of witchcraft and imprisoned before he escapes and finds the take you back in time for Sarpeidon's gift. In the end, all 3 of Trek's characters are saved a few minutes before the star Beta Niobe around Sarpeidon goes into supernova. The Enterprise disappears just as the star explodes. <br /> <br /> Ironically, as William Shatner notes in his book "Star Trek Memories", this show has been controversial since Leonard Nimoy noticed that no motivation was given in Lisette's script for the reason why Spock was behaving so emotionally. Nimoy conveyed his doubts here directly to the show's executive producer, Fred Freiberger, who the Vulcans shouldn't have fallen in love with. (p.272) However, Freiberger reasoned, the setting of the ice age allowed Spock to feel emotions as this was a time when Vulcans had not yet evolved into their completely logical current state. This was a great example of Freiberger's improvisation to save a script that was far above average for this particular episode. While Shatner notices that the decline in the quality of the script for the third season hurts Spock artistically since his character was forced to bray like a donkey in "Plato's Stepchildren", to play music with Hippies in the "Way of Eden" or sometimes show emotions, the script here was more credible. Spock's acting here was as excellent as Freiberger candidly admitted to Shatner. (p.272) The only obvious plot is the fact that since both Spock and McCoy have traveled thousands of years back in time, McCoy also should have returned to a more primitive human state, not just Spock. But this is a forgivable mistake considering the poor quality of many other shows of the third season, the brilliant performance of Spock / McCoy and the originality of this script. Who would have ever imagined that the current inhabitants of Sarpeidon would have escaped the fate of their doomed fate by traveling in their past? This is certainly what we expected from the best of "Classic Trek": a truly inspired story. <br /> <br /> Shatner, in "Memories", nominated some of his best "unusual and high-quality shows" of the third season as The Enterprise Incident, The day of the dove, Is there in Truth no Beauty, The Tholian Web And children drive and the syndrome of paradise. (p.273) While my personal opinion is that "And the children drive" is a very poor episode while "It is in truth without beauty" is problematic, "All our yesterdays" certainly belongs to the list of the three high season stars Trek TOS films. I give a 9 out of 10 for "All our yesterdays".
