An unusual journey through time travel: instead of traveling to the Earth's past, the main trio remains stuck in the past history of another planet. They spill onto this planet, whose sun is programmed to go into nova in 3 or 4 hours (this is the close cut!). In a kind of futuristic library, they meet Mr. Atoz (from A to Z, understand? Ha-ha) and his duplicates. It turns out that, instead of escaping from the destruction of their planet through space travel, in the usual way, the inhabitants have all fled in the various past ages of their planet. Mr. Atoz uses a time machine to send people on their way after making a selection (check the disks we see here, another Trek prediction of CDs and DVDs!). When Mr. Atoz prepares the machine (Atavachron-what-sis), the brave Kirk hears the scream of a woman and encounters the planetary version of the 17th century of the Earth, where he clashes with the sword and is arrested for witchcraft. There is an eccentric, but good performance here by the actress who plays a woman of bad reputation in this period, using the phrasing of the time ("... you are a stupid and good bully .. Witch! Witch! They will burn you ...! "). Spock & McCoy follow Kirk, but end up in an ice age, 5,000 years ago. <br /> <br /> Kirk first manages to return to the library. The real story here is Spock's return to the barbaric tendencies of his ancestors, the bellicose Vulcans of 5,000 years ago. This makes no sense, except that perhaps this time machine is responsible for the change (even so, Spock & McCoy were not "prepared" by Atoz - oh, well, it seems to me that Spock was influenced by the transition almost immediately - he mentions to be from "millions of light years" away, instead of the correct hundreds or thousands - a gross error for a logical Vulcan). In any case, Spock really shows his unpleasant side here - he forgets "Day of the Dove" and recalls "This Side of Paradise" - McCoy quickly discovers that his Vulcan friend will not tolerate any of his usual triggers and will almost make his face rearranged. Spock also gets along with Zarabeth, a charming woman who had been exiled in this cold past as punishment (a couple of Trek novels were written about Spock's son, the result of this union). All these scenes are open eyes, a reminder of how much Spock hides or holds. It is also ironic that, only a few previous episodes ("Requiem for Methuselah"), McCoy indicated to Spock how he would never know the pain of love - and now all this happens. Kirk, meanwhile, brawls with Elder Atoz, who insists that Kirk go back to a bygone era ("You're obviously a suicidal maniac" - great things from actor Wolfe, the last time in "Bread and Circuses"). In the end everything works, but, as I said before, they cut it very close. An accurate Trek adventure, with a precise cosmic inclination.
