Steven Spielberg has produced, written, conceived and even directed episodes of Amazing Stories, so naturally this should be the greatest anthology ever seen? Unfortunately wrong. Some episodes are simply fantastic, but too often it was a mixed bag. In reality, what may have been the collapse was too mixed. Some episodes were light comedies, some were dramas, others were horror, and one was even animated, which made this a similar, but not as good, version of the Twilight Zone 80s (which was also around). <br /> <br /> Normally I would like to have a mix of stories in an anthological show, but they didn't work completely here. Some of the most imaginative dramatic episodes seemed to be best shown late at night on the Lifetime network, such as the episode "Ghost Train", directed by Spielberg himself. In that episode, he gave the message of hope, and gave us a fantasy story, but overall it was just an accumulation until the end that still didn't wipe me out. Horror episodes tended to work better than drama, but there were much more dramatic ones, and they become tiring to watch. Acting wisely, this anthology has gotten big stars, similar to the original Twilight Zone. Kevin Costner, Kiefer Sutherland, Milton Berle, Dom Deluise, Harvey Keitel, Beau Bridges, Charlie Sheen, Forrest Whitaker, Tim Robbins, John Lithgow, Rhea Perlman, Danny Devito, Patrick Swayze, Christopher Lloyd, June Lockhart, Kathy Baker, Weird Al Yankovich and many others well known were in the episodes of the show. It's fun to see famous actors in almost every episode of the series. Great directors have also participated in episodes including Spielberg, Clint Eastwood, Burt Reynolds, Bob Clark, Joe Dante, Mick Garris, Paul Bartel, Joe Dante, Robert Zemeckis, Danny Devito and even Martin Scorsese. Actually I would recommend it more to fans of directors and / or 80s than anyone else. <br /> <br /> Amazing Stories was sometimes surprising, usually good, sometimes mediocre, and occasionally a real stinker came out. But this show has a nostalgic value for me, and it's a bit fun to sit in boring afternoons and watch some episodes. John Williams's theme music for the show will surely be captured by the head of anyone who watches it. <br /> <br /> My evaluation: Good show. 30 minutes per episode. TVPG
