Honestly, I expected to hate this, and actually I only checked because Jenna Jameson is in it ... but I have to say I kicked out of EVIL BREED. A group of college kids and their teacher participate in a "trip" to Ireland. Their lodgings are located near the forest where strange things are said to happen and tourists often disappear without a trace. The group of post-adolescents is warned by the caretaker of the property not to venture into the woods - but being the stupid characters of the B movies they are - obviously they don't pay attention and pay their error one by one ... First of all, there is he is very wrong with EVIL BREED. The acting / dialogue is rather weak, and my main complaint is that a film that has Jenna Jameson, Chasey Lain, Ginger Lynn and Taylor Hayes should have the most FAR nudity than it was here on show - and Jenna's role in this production is grossly over-hyped, as it has a combined total of about 2 minutes of screen time. Even less with Chasey, and Ginger Lynn shows no skin and has the worst Irish accent ever. Even the last scene of the film makes absolutely no sense and feels like it's only launched to close the film. Those complaints aside - there are also good things. Richard Greico and Chasey Lain are both sent soon, with the naked Greico bust that ends in a roasted spit and Chasey's guts that come out to be split in half (although as it ends up this way it is not shown on the screen) .. Not bad for the first 5 minutes. The other killing scenes are quite fanciful, including Jenna's forced removal of the breast, a guy who took the colon out of his ass, a knife in his face and other notables. The plant and colon scenes also have unprocessed versions that are found on special features and it's a shame that the producers made them cut, so to speak. Even the film moves along a pretty good clip once it moves, so you don't really have too much time to get bored. FX "creatures" are also done competently, which certainly helps. Overall, EVIL BREED was not VERY bad as I expected. This, along with SATAN's LITTLE HELPER, has almost renewed my interest in low budget American straight-to-video films. I usually avoid them all, but these two were decent enough to give me some confidence. EVIL BREED is not a masterpiece, but it's a decent way to blow for 90 minutes - it might not hurt to suck an inexpensive bottle of bourbon while you're at it - I know I was, and I'm sure it didn't hurt the experience. 7.5 / 10
