If you were a director who wanted to launch female victims for a slasher movie, then would it surely make sense to add a couple of porn stars? It is not as if they were inexperienced in front of the camera, they have no qualms with the necessary nudity and how many unattractive porn queens can you name? Christian Viel obviously recognized the potential to mix hardcore actresses with hard-gore effects and so he chose four of the sexiest and most famous stars in adult cinema. Jenna Jameson, Chasey Lain, Ginger Lynn Allen and Taylor Hayes all come to the cameos, probably the most fascinating slash movie to be released since Scream reinvigorated the genre. <br /> <br /> Samhain was originally intended for a film version in October 2002 - thus keeping the Halloween synopsis under control. Unfortunately, the filming was plagued by numerous problems, which prevented the function from reaching the exposure it deserved. The last time I heard that it was signed by Film 2000 here in the UK, it was written for the end of October directly on DVD. Unfortunately that label has an incomparably abysmal track record with DTV sliders. Not content with polluting our shelves with Camp Blood and his retinue, they were also responsible for unleashing the granny, the bleeding and the rancid paranoid. Could Samhain finally be armed with ammunition for their vile catalog cannon? <br /> <br /> Five Canadian / American students and their teacher travel to Southern Ireland as part of their history course. Upon arrival, the legend of a cannibal clan who roamed the hills of Scotland and killed the locals for food was told. The cannibals were eventually captured and burned at the stake, but it is said that one of the tribes fled and headed for the woods of Ireland to find refuge. After the children settled down and started doing what all the forage from fodder do in these films, the obligatory beveramo shoes (and the candidate defined for the heroine) start to get scared by a shadow that it creeps in at night. Could it be that the meat-hungry maniac is still at large in the forest? Well, what do you think ??? <br /> <br /> It seems that Samhain's production has been unlucky since the beginning. Almost immediately, Wallmart refused to develop Jenna Jameson's bare plots, and Chasey Lain began to behave like a drugged prima donna. In the end, to add insult to injury, the producers had cold feet just before the film was about to hit the shelves and started talking about re-editing and removing all the blood. The reports said they were unhappy with the copious amounts of violence and wanted to cut the scenes in order to get an R rating. The veil, of course, disagreed, seeing how its entire synopsis was amplified by its graphic display creative. Eventually, after months of discussions, the director separated from Warehouse productions and the function was again closed in the vaults. <br /> <br /> Despite the countless interruptions, Veil's slasher opus is still one of the best pieces of genre to be published from the new millennium. The copy I was sent was the pre-release screener, which obviously was a test press with no sound effects or the complete soundtrack. But he still boasted some believable bravado, some superb photography, and a couple of the nicest pieces I've seen for some time. A boy is gutted through his rectum before being strangled with his own intestine, Jenna Jameson is stripped naked and gutted up close and Chasey Lain ends up "toppling over" after an unfortunate attempt to rescue her boyfriend (Richard Grieco). Although the murders are unusually gruesome, Samhain never feels petty, which is basically due to the fact that the characters are subtly portrayed as simple slasher clichés. In all honesty, the script was perhaps the biggest downfall of the film, because the dialogue was not so much inspired by Wes Craven's Scream movies, how it was cut and glued flagrantly by them. <br /> <br /> Certainly the inclusion of Jenna Jameson's mouth irrigation was a great move for producers. His fans will be happy to know that she takes off her shirt (as expected) and so does Chasey Lain and Taylor Hayes. But Samhain is not a soft porn film, and it benefits from joining the structure it was intended to produce. It is worth noting that the aforementioned XXX stars almost out-perform the supposed "actors" of the function, which is not much of a complement. Ginger Lynn was at least notable (if the shameful 'Oirish accent' is ignored), and his battle with the killing killer was superbly performed and choreographed by Alan Chou. Taylor and Jenna have made predictably poor dramas, which may have been caused by numerous problems on the set. Veil's direction for cinematography has been excellently constructed and provides some very necessary suspense injections. An exciting and sparkling photograph blends with a good taste for storytelling and the net result is an extravagant extravagance to satisfy even the most critical hunting dogs. <br /> <br /> It will be interesting to see what kind of final cut was released by Samhain. It is said that a second director was drafted to shoot a different ending, and I am curious to know how much of the explicit gore will remain intact for world distribution. If the end result is only half good compared to the approximate print I've seen, then it's even better than almost all the genre pieces that have been unleashed in the last ten years. Is this definitely worth a try?
