Hong Kong directors going through Hollywood to make films are nothing new, with the temporary exodus of the likes of Tsui Hark, John Woo, Ringo Lam in the 1990s. Since their collective release, only a few films (or can I say only one?) Have had an impact at the box office. The partnership between Andrew Lau and Alan Mak was a tour de force in the recent film history of HK, in particular with the famous Infernal Affairs trilogy that was transformed into Martin Scorsese's The Departed, so it's no wonder when Hollywood comes knocking on the door. /> <br /> But without fellow collaborator Mak, who usually has script / story assignments, how did Lau make writers Hans Bauer and Craig Mitchell? It's like X-Files without X, in the way the plot is made, the characters and parallels drawn with the Chris Carter series. Richard Gere and Claire Danes combine wing David Duchovny and Gillian Anderson, only they do not belong to any federal detective agency that carries weapons, but they are employees of protection services, whose main role is to ensure that the sexual predators that belong to them jurisdiction, they are safe from society when they are released from elapsed time. So it is the shepherds who take care of their flock, only that their flock suffers from sick sexual perversion with the propensity to violence. <br /> <br /> The parallelisms in the characterization are so obviously evident, that it is only a cosmetic touch to the exterior. Like Fox Mulder, Gere's Erroll Babbage is a strange and lonely man, consumed by his obsession in his quest to stubbornly harass his flock to cover the limit. Saddened by a failed attempt to save a missing child, just as Mulder falls asleep for his missing sister, Babbage is shunned by his colleagues and marching orders disguised as a pension plan. He has a profound disgust for the people he is monitoring, sick of their crimes and of what they represent, who has no qualms about using unorthodox methods, unless they fly out of hand while discarding illegal and preventive punishment. At the same time, he too has strong impulses to have to fight, not to cut the line to become like those he hates. As part of the routine, it also scans newspapers and tabloids for clues and leads towards its goal, to seek closure, salvation for itself and the possession of a strong conviction that the truth is still out there, and wants to believe. > <br /> Allison Lowry from Danes, on the other hand, is the naive introduced to replace Babbage. But in the meantime, as she learns the strings at work for the next 18 days, she is asked to spy on him and report his scams, much like what Dana Scully was supposed to do with Fox Mulder. As a disbeliever of pre-empathy and clinging to the notion that those who have been discharged from society have been cured of their temptations, slowly begins to see what Babbage sees, and understands that it takes much more than just being a desk and a administration work if you really want to help people. <br /> <br /> And it is this discovery of the world of fetishes and deviant sexual practices, to which we open all eyes, very similar to how 8mm played by Nicolas Cage brought tobacco films into the spotlight. It is a decent investigative drama with the usual falsehoods, and mine are really good because it made you often ask if your hypotheses are correct, and you soon find yourself shooting from the side, as you have proved unfair on an alarming frequency, too if I don't attribute it to a narrow narrative, but more to the vast number of characters (beware of the cameo by Avril Lavigne) and subtitles. The scene in the darkened warehouse / warehouse was similar to David Mills and William Somerset of Se7en when they broke into John Doe's apartment and found a lot of eccentricities inside, although here, given the nature of the subject, it is not left a lot. <br /> It seems that The Flock has somehow decided that Enrique Chediak's cinematography was good enough, despite his very strange style of not having style, using almost all the tricks of the book to try to recreate the feelings of watching a another Se7en, only this was deeply immersed in shades of brown, rather than in the ruin and darkness of black. It takes some time to get used to this, and I put this effect as one that actually distracts from what is happening in history. It's not a really good move, with fairly frequent repetitions of scenes involving flashbacks. <br /> <br /> But The Flock is still a decent entertainment, although the X-philes out there probably would have difficulty not imagining their favorite actors in the main roles, given so many similarities in the character. Gere and Danes develop a bit of chemistry like the old fogy (heh) and his protégé, and while it's not exactly great, Andrew Lau has managed to start something nice.
