I really like Richard Gere ... I have always had and it seems that his status as a Hollywood star and money maker has slipped, but it seems to me that the reason is that he is taking on very mature, intense and has not only been very successful financially because I've seen it in some really big gems like recently included The Hoax, The Hunting Party (both have to watch movies! See my reviews) and now this The Flock which apparently was supposed to be a great release considering it's 35 million large budgets. It seems that some of the other IMDb reviews are very, very hard, because I thought the film dealt with a potentially very serious social problem in a very direct, violent and disturbing way and Gere brings everything home. It's an action thriller that kept me hooked on television with its story. I think part of the problem that people seem to have with it is that Hollywood is facing a very serious problem, but I don't think they do it with disrespect, but rather try to take a different turn to make people understand that this exists. Actually, it's more or less the same way The Hunting Party faced the war. Hong Kong director Wai-keung Lau did a decent job keeping it together, but I think the cast is what made it watchable. <br /> <br /> Richard Gere as you may have guessed from my previous comments is brilliant as Erroll Babbage's social worker who created his style and his laws when it comes to keeping track of his "Flock" who are registered rapists violent sex. He does not punch in tracking down these people, following them and being absolutely careful not to complain and, if they do, he will identify them and stop them in any way possible. Gere is so intense and seems exhausted from this work and has become violent and angry at seeing these free monsters on the road. He is simply fantastic. Claire Danes is also formidable as Babbage's new partner and his substitute who has to train to do his job. The character of Danes is much more typical of the social worker and is a little taken aback by Babbage's style and methods, but he slowly realizes what he is trying to get and face. The two are brilliant together and have a formidable chemistry with such different characters. KaDee Strickland plays a disturbed prisoner who seems to have been torn from the headlines while acting in a character that is very reminiscent of Karla Homolka (Paul Bernardo's wife who is now out) for those of you who follow Canadian serial killers. His character is a bit exaggerated, but it's convincing and terrifying at the same time. Russell Sams has a small role in Strickland's new boyfriend and probably would have played a bigger role. Ray Wise, who is a terrifying character actor (control him in Dead End and also Satan's extraordinary role in WB show Reaper) and gets a small but good role as head of the public security department and head of Babbage. <br /> <br /> The film is not perfect despite the extraordinary performances of its lead cast. It takes freedoms really trying to make the movie more fun than educational, but it's just a different angle, not unlike Nicholas Cage dud 8MM. The Flock takes you into the womb of sex trade, kidnapping, human trafficking and more and is really something to watch. Maybe it wasn't as directed or written as it could have been, but I'm telling you that Danes and Gere together make this film completely watchable and a great thriller. It is disturbing, but also something that is not very complex, yet Gere's character in many ways is intensely complex with many layers and also opens up a social stigma and makes you reflect on vigilantism in many ways when you see the people with whom Gere deals . I encourage everyone to ignore the negative reviews and see it for themselves because it's worth a try !! 8.5 / 10
