I searched for this film because I'm a new Frain fan and I wanted to see more of his work. First of all, his Irish accent is fantastic. He has a sharp ear for dialects, apparently. His acting was wonderful, as usual. James Frain aside, I thought the film was very well done. It showed the conflict in Northern Ireland as the * mess * that it really is. Both sides are guilty of grave injustices and the men involved in the conflict usually have very little to say about their situation. <br /> <br /> Furthermore, it is interesting to realize that not all men (or women) who are supposedly fighting for his country, are really doing * just * that. For example, when Kenny (James Frain) asks Ginger (Ian Hart) why he does it, "Ginger can't find a morally acceptable answer. Why? Because Ginger doesn't work there for the noble cause to protect his country or the rights of his fellow Protestants ... Ginger is involved for the fun of killing. He is full of desire for blood and is the perfect job for a guy like him. In a fight like this there are guys like Liam (John Lynch) who just want to live their daily lives and enjoy their families ... guys who see all the fights simply generate more fights. There are guys like Kenny who are born leaders full of charisma, and add fuel to the flames, rather they mean it or not. Furthermore, Kenny sincerely believes in the "cause". He believes that what he will do will make a difference in the future ... which is a little strange because his character seems too intelligent for everything. But, like many other seemingly intelligent men, he gets sucked into a gang lifestyle without even realizing it ... until it's too late. Then there is Ginger, a pure psychopath who is not fighting for any other reason except for the sheer thrill of it, which in a gangland-type war makes him a precious commodity, some may object. However, now, in this film, Ginger has exhausted its value, and has become a dangerous loose cannon. <br /> <br /> Everything comes to a boiling point and, predictably, the ending is tragic. What makes this film worthy is that it shows both sides of this old conflict. Being American, I can't begin to fully understand what the whole fight is about. But I know there must be a better way. <br /> <br /> All in all, a well-made film, moving ... but disturbing.
