"What is love?" What is this desire in our hearts to be together? Isn't it the sweetest flower? Does not this flower of love have the fragrant aroma of fine and fine diamonds? Doesn't the wind love filth? unlike the unlikely it is not unwelcome to? Are you with someone tonight? Don't doubt your love. Take your lover by the hand. Release the power within you. Your listener releases power. Tame the wild cosmos with a whisper. Conquer the sky with an intimate caress, don't be shy, bring out everything you have and do it in the ass by Leon Phelps "When Tim Meadows created his quintessential playboy SNL, Leon Phelps, I shuddered. , my remote trembled with indignation. I used the click function more than once, dear readers. <br /> <br /> So when the film version of "The Ladies Man" arrived by cable, I mumbled some My comments and clicks again, but the day comes, gray and desolate, when "nothing is on" on any of the 100 channels ... I sigh Yes, I found myself in front of all the cable subscriber hits? "Look at him or turn off the TV! There he is, Leon Phelps, grinning and ... making me laugh! What had happened? I had given in to Hollywood's" comic "Hollywood humor? I desperately wanted to avoid abdicating my sacred throne? is that I like "The Ladies Man" more than how much I should. A story about a vulgar playboy sipping cognac while flattering every female form goes against my feminist sensibility. <br /> <br /> What began as a crude SNL scene blossomed before my eyes in a story about Leon and his playboy philosophy, going through life "helping people" to solve their sexual conflicts . "I am the Mother Teresa of Boning", solemnly informs Julie (Karyn Parsons), her friend and long-lived producer of her radio program, "The Ladies Man". And he's not kidding. Leaving a series of broken hearts and angry spirits, Leon manages to act as a bed and breakfast in virtually all of Chicago. That he does it with so much good will is his lifelong business card. <br /> <br /> Our self-proclaimed "Expert of the Ways of Love" manages to get himself into trouble with husbands and boyfriends. One of these denigrated brides, Lance (Will Ferrell), forms a club "Victims of the smiling donkey, USA", vowing to capture our lovable Don Juan. "Oh yes, we will have our revenge", he hums his cohorts, in an exhibition dance number. <br /> <br /> It is also a real pleasure to see Billy Dee Williams as Lester, the owner of the tavern and a smooth narrator of Leon's odyssey to find his "sweet thing" and a lot of money. (Where did he hide?) But would I choose this film as a Valentine's Day choice? Leon's quest for easy life changes him in so many profound ways - that I had to nod to our "Ladies Man". That he can, at the end of the film, find true happiness with a woman, while still offering his bizarre advice, is the stuff of dreams!
