Sometimes they get lucky and have a blow in their hands (Wayne's World, the first, not the second). But most of the time they have guys (Pat comes to mind rather quickly). This time it's Tim Meadows as The Ladies Man. This film falls somewhere between success and disaster. It was a lot of fun for the first 20 minutes, but then, as is usually the case with SNL's sketches, it starts to slow down, before it finally ends, long after it should have. <br /> <br /> Tim Meadows is Leon Phelps, a radio DJ with an evening show called The Ladies Man. He answers all questions about sex and relationships, usually in the crudest possible way. Everything seems to eventually fall to the ass. After pressing the station manager's buttons, Leon, along with his producer Julie (Karyn Parsons) is fired, and needs to find another job. Outside the random blue, a letter arrives from one of his former ladies. The letter offers him wealth and luxury for the rest of his life, the only problem is that the letter is not signed. So Leon needs to track down all the women he was with to find the woman of his dreams. But sometimes, as Billy Dee Williams says in the film, the woman of your dreams is standing right in front of you. There is also a sub-plot about a group of guys that wives / girlfriends all slept with Leon, and they want to first understand who he is (from a tattoo he has on part of his anatomy), then kill him. Leading this group of guys is, surprise! Will Ferrell of SNL. First of all, I thought the sub-plot was rather lame. Singing and dancing were completely useless. I usually like Will Ferrell but he never clicked for me here. And the rest of the guys were just schlubs that queued up, and in the end everyone decided that having their wives / girlfriends cheating on them was actually their fault. So go back to the main story. The story revolves around Leon and sex. So what's the use, if you don't like the character of Leon, you won't like the movie. His voice, his ways, his dialogue is what brings the film. I'm not a big fan of Tim Meadows. I never thought he was a particularly good SNL actor. The only thing that I ever liked the most is his man skits. But the best thing about these is that they usually involved the guest host (remember the one with Cameron Diaz?), And they were short. For about 5 minutes, they were pretty fun. And here, for about 20 minutes, it's really fun. What I thought was good for the character in the movie, is that he remained in the character all the time. He never hesitated from his desire to get only a relaxed person. Until the end, where there was this transformation, and the ever-present discourse to tie things together. Other than that, he was pretty good at keeping Leon as Leon, and not turning him into something less raw than he was. There is not much substance in this film, if you can't guess. But as I said before, the beginning of the film seemed very funny to me. Some real moments of laughter, everyone revolves around sex and its harshness. The problem, of course, with this film, and with most SNL spin-offs, is that they are characters that should only be shown for a few minutes at a time. Spreading the concept in 80 minutes is very difficult. That difficulty is obviously why they needed the sub-plot, because without it, this film would have been a little less than an hour. When it was okay, it was fine, but when it wasn't good, it had to be boring. <br /> <br /> So in general, The Ladies Man was not as bad as other SNL films, but it was not as good as the others. He had some funny moments, the first 20 minutes were pretty good, but the rest was dragged. There was an unnecessary sub-plot whose sole purpose was to lengthen the film. The bottom line is, if you like Tim Meadows and his character from Leon Phelps, you will be able to watch the movie. If it bothers you, don't even worry about going. Unless you want to see Tiffani Theissen with beautiful revealing clothes. <br /> <br />
