As superficial as it may seem, I actually delayed my vision of "The Barbarians" several times just because the VHS cover (as well as the image shown here on the website) seems so incredibly gay! Now I wish I had seen him before because the film is not so gay ?? just trash, cheese, campy and enormously fun! It is almost unbelievable that Ruggero Deodato, director of "Cannibal Holocaust" of all people, was the man responsible for this comedian to collect the famous fantasy films Sword & Sandal, in particular the films Conan by Schwarzenegger. The film opens with a fantastic kind of off-screen narrator "once and for all", which introduces us to the Ragneks. Their founder once traded an entire mountain of pure gold for a single magically powerful ruby ​​that would allow them to travel freely and access all countries as entertainers. In other words, the Ragneks are a group of traveling circus fanatics! Their happiness stops abruptly when greedy Kadar kidnaps the beautiful Canarian queen of the Ragneks and continually tries to find out where the ruby ​​is. Meanwhile, and as a kind of funny waste of time, the two orphaned twin brothers Gore and Kutchek are trained to become muscular warriors and are readily prepared to fight each other until they die. Instead of that, however, they flee and develop a plan to free their queen. In reality, the plot is not half as bad as I initially feared, but the funniest thing is provided by the chemistry on the screen of the beefcake brothers, by the insanely inept dialogues and, of course, by the completely coarse imaginative monsters, like an adorable dragon's eyes cute, a species of lycanthrope and zombie creature that seem to randomly pop out of the swamp. The soundtrack and make-up effects are fantastic and our all-powerful director Deodato maintains an incredibly fast pace. The barbaric brother's acting skills are much better than I imagined, apart from the fact that one of them constantly produces coarse noises. Even the supporting cast is splendid. Eva La Rue has never been as beautiful as the witty wild girl Cara, Virginia Bryant is truly bewitching as Richard Lynch states on several occasions and the adorable Sheeba Alahani makes her first and only appearance in a movie like a vicious witch with a donut-shaped haircut (No kidding!). Last but not least, "The Barbarians" plays the favorite role of all Eyes in the Hills viewers, Michael Berryman, as Dirtmaster. I know that the image displayed seems more cheerful than a promotional campaign for the musical version of the rise and fall of the Village People, but "The Barbarians" is really a reference point for Italian exploitation.
