LE GRAND VOYAGE is a sweet miracle of a film, a work made deeper by the discreet script of the writer / director Ismaël Ferroukhi that allows the natural scenery of this "road trip" story and the sophisticated acting of the stars Nicolas Cazalé and Mohamed Majd to bring the film's emotional impact. The vision of Ferroukhi is much improved by the cinematography of Katell Djian (a delicate mixture of travel panoramas of horizons and duets strictly photographed among the characters) and the Fowzi Guerdjou soundtrack that manages to keep some beautiful themes during the film while paying tribute at the film many local musical variations from numerous countries investigated the film. <br /> <br /> Reda (Nicolas Cazalé) lives with his Muslim family in southern France, a young student with a western girl who seems not to follow the religious direction of his legacy. His elderly father (Mohamed Majd) has decided that the time has come to do his Hadj in Mecca and, not being able to drive, he asks reluctant Reda to abandon his personal needs to bring him to his last religious obligation. The two left in a fragile car to travel through France, Italy, and through Bulgaria, Croatia, Slovenia and Turkey to Saudi Arabia. Along the way Reda asks his father to visit some of the interesting places, but his father remains focused on the purpose of the journey and Reda is hopelessly left to struggle with his father's requests. During their pilgrimage they meet an old woman (Ghina Ognianova) who sticks to the two men and in the end must be abandoned by Reda, a Turkish Mustapha (Jacky Nercessian) who promises to lead the father / son duo but who instead causes a schism by doing dropping Reda in a bar and disappearing, and countless border guards and customs agents delaying their progress for various reasons. Tensions between father and mountain son: Reda cannot understand the importance of this pilgrimage so full of trials and setbacks, and the father cannot understand Reda's insensitivity to the religious beliefs and needs of his father. Eventually they reach Mecca where they are surrounded by hordes of pilgrims from all over the world and the feeling of the meaning of the journey is overwhelming for Reda. The way the story comes to an end is moving and meaningful. He took a religious pilgrimage to re-establish the gap between youth and old age, between son and father, and between the challenge and acceptance of religious values. <br /> <br /> The visual impact of this film is extraordinary, especially as it seems that the camera "understands" to capture the beauty of the numerous stop points along the way without the need to improve them with special effects. Nicolas Cazalé is a superb actor (be sure to see his most recent and currently running film "The Grocer's Son") and it is his carefully nuanced role that brings magic to this film. Another good film by The Film Movement, this is a tender story told brilliantly. Highly recommended. <br /> <br /> Grady Harp
