If you want to be cynical and pedantic, you can point out that the opening in which an RAF Lancaster bomber is fatally wounded on May 2, 1945 is quite unlikely since the German air defenses were as vivid as Adolph Hitler that day, but this is not a film that should be seen by a cynical public and I imagine that a character who is literally killed in the last hours of the war increases the intensity. In fact, you should have survived World War II to fully appreciate the intellect, beauty and soul of Powell and Pressburger 'masterpiece. Are the scenes of paradise painfully twee if seen today? Once again you have to see the video of the context when it was created. The command of the RAF bomber lost 58,000 men during the war, the same number that America lost to Nam, but during a shorter period and a much smaller reserve of active fighters, there are no atheists in a hole and I doubt you lost a relative during the conflict you would see material atheism as a sensible thing. When the young Richar Attenborough pilot looks down at the view below him, many war heroes must have cried openly in this scene, remembering that many missing comrades who did not survive the war. Keep in mind also that, despite the loss of several million people from 1939 to 1945, there seem to be very few people from Germany passing through pearly doors. it is obvious that the Nazis do not go to heaven <br /> <br /> The plot itself where the young pilot Peter Carter who fights for his life in front of a heavenly court would not have had much appeal if it were not for the subtext, see A MATTER OR LIFE AND DEATH is a highly political and visionary film that laments the end of the British empire, replaced by American ambitions. There are little things that show the film as being done by people aware of American history and culture. One is the ethnic mix of America, even today many Britons think that the United States is overwhelmingly composed by white Anglo-Saxon Protestants, while in reality only 51% of Americans are "white Europeans". The film rightly contains a scene in which a multitude of different races confess "I am an American", as Peter is judged by Abraham Farlan, an Anglophobic who was the first revolutionary killed by British forces in The American War Of Independence. As for the "special relationship" between Great Britain and America - What special relationship? Powell and Pressburger know their story when it comes to Britain and America. Of course they also know their future <br /> <br /> So remember to watch this movie with some of your mind in the past and part of your mind in the present. It is strange, beautiful, moving and intelligent, but above all it is a film that would never work if it had been made over the last 40 years. Can you imagine if the plot was set in 2003 and revolved around a British soldier killed in Iraq?
