After "A Dirty Shame", I never thought I'd see another John Waters movie. That movie was really so ugly, that I was convinced that all his films would be like this. But when the DVD of this film was reviewed in a popular magazine and they said it was an excellent film, I decided to try it anyway. Only a couple of days later it was shown on television. I recorded it out of curiosity and now that I've seen it, I can tell you that this "Pecker" is certainly much better than "A Dirty Shame". <br /> <br /> In this film we see how a young "nobody" from Baltimore becomes a nocturnal sensation in the art world of New York. He is a sandwich shop employee who photographs his strange family or the things he sees on the street as a hobby. When he maintains his first "show" in the shop where he works, his images are noticed by a gallery owner who loves images full of misery and oddities. His photographs are sold at enormous prices, but when he sees how his family, friends and strangers react to his success, he decides that he will not go to New York, they will have to come to him if they want to see more. And they do, but what they see there, it's a bigger shock than they could ever imagine ... <br /> <br /> It's not hard to see why I loved this movie much more than "A Dirty Shame". The first reason is that this film has a true story. This film really has something to say and is not just meant to shock as many people as possible. The fact that they make fun of the art world, which considers everything out of the ordinary as an art because they don't know how reality is, is not just fun, it's not even very far from the truth. I imagine that there are many people who think of modern art this way. No one understands why they do so much, but apparently we would like everyone to like us. The second reason why I liked this film is because it has had much better acting performances to offer. I'm not saying that everything you see is great, but at least the characters have meaning thanks to the performances of different actors like Edward Furlong, Christina Ricci, ... <br /> <br /> is not a great film, but thanks to his criticisms and some good jokes - that never go too far - this is a funny movie. Certainly not the best comedy ever, but I liked it much more than "A Dirty Shame". I give this movie a 6.5 / 10.
