Before this little black and white, the delicate subject of criminal rape never arrived on the American screen. There were many of these topics that Hollywood and the Production Code kept hidden until the 60s rebels. So it is not surprising that it would take a small independent company like Ida Lupino's filmmakers to raise the subject. The result is well-intentioned but somewhat compromised, which is not surprising since the director Lupino had to work with the code requests to release the film. <br /> <br /> It is interesting to note that the main problem of Ann Walton (Mala Powers) after the assault is not how others might see it, but how she sees herself. And it's a heavy load that's carrying. Will he ever relate to men? Will they look at it as "spoiled goods" (after all, this is 1950)? It is no wonder that you escape rather than face these anxieties at home and at work, even if your family and friends are generally supportive. Overall, this first part is serious and well done. The chase is projected to inject some action into the plot, but then this is a movie - known as the careless neighbor cannot respond to the horn near the end of the hunt. If it had been screams of alarm from Powers, the lack of response from the neighbor would have raised an interesting problem, even a complicated one. <br /> <br /> The second part is dedicated to the production code in the sentimental person of Rev Ferguson (Tod Andrews). It is he (to quote a sentence) who "gives her the courage to face life again". There is some effort to humanize it - it's Ann or her dilemma she is most interested in. However, his kind and sympathetic presence proves to be a bit too miraculous and a little too Hollywood. Fortunately, the ending avoids the usual exception of Hollywood by underlining only the hope of a happy resolution for Ann rather than her certainty. <br /> <br /> Give Lupino a lot of credit to tackle the topic in the first place. Given the overall results, I expect her to be honest about the subject as she was allowed to. I also expect that today's audiences will find the treatment slightly interesting especially for Powers' excellent performance that brings out the purely human drama. However, the film works better now as a document of its time, and what the cultural watchdogs of that day thought were appropriate for an adult's vision.
