I love this movie. Director Michael Powell once stated that this was his favorite movie, and it's mine too. Powell and Pressburger have created a seemingly simple, superbly crafted story - the power of love against "the powers that be". However, its deception lies in the complexity of its premise "it is real or it is imaginary". Fundamentally, it could be argued that it is simply a representation of the effects of the war on a young aviator prone to poetry during World War II. Or is it? The question is never answered in one way or another. In fact, he is never even asked. This continuous understatement is part of the film's appeal. <br /> <br /> The innovative photography and cinematography also includes some touches that portray the interests of the directors. For example, Pressburger has always wanted to make a film version of Richard Strauss's work, Der Rosenkavalier, about a young 18th century aristocrat from Vienna. This is evident in the brief interlude in which the orchestra conductor 71, dressed with all his refinement, holds the rose (which appears silver in the sky). Music also has a dream quality. <br /> <br /> All the acting is of the highest quality - David Niven is at his highest level and has excellent support from veteran Roger Livesey and his newcomer, Kim Hunter. But, in my opinion, the charm of the film comes from Marius Goring as a conductor 71. By far he has the most interesting role, filling each of his scenes with his innocent carelessness, illuminating the film. It's a pity that some of the Conductor 71 scenes were left on the floor of the editing room. It's also a pity that Goring's comedic talents are rarely seen again in movies, except in the wonderful videos of the 1950s The Scarlet Pimpernel television series. This is by far the most memorable role in his film career. It's a perfect film for Niven's relaxed style, and his virtual exaggeration contrasts so well with the seriousness of the rest of the characters. Ironically, even in the mid-1940s, Niven also acted against another heavenly "messenger", played by Cary Grant, in The Bishop's Wife. Their acting styles were so similar that I found the result boring, energetic and disappointing. As a note, according to Powell, Goring desperately wanted the role of Peter Carter, initially rejecting the Conductor 71. It's a good thing that he gave in and gave us such a delightful portrait. <br /> <br /> The film, "commissioned" "to smooth tense relations between Britain and the United States, turns its point towards the end. But it is disarming in its sweet memories of the horrors of war - the numerous victims both military and civil, the need to "go ahead" in the face of death There is a conspicuous lack of "enemies" of the Second World War in the sky, but the civilians shown are of indeterminate origin: Powell and Pressburger could have been more explicit in their representation but not necessary. The film may not have achieved its diplomatic purpose as we had hoped, but its originality continues to inspire filmmakers and viewers alike on both sides of the Atlantic.
