Some unsuspecting films carry a message that resonates in the hours and days after watching. This is the case of CAROL'S JOURNEY (EL VIAJE DE CAROL), a beautiful 2002 Spanish film based on the novel "A boca de noche" by Ángel García Roldán who also adapted the book as a screenplay. War and its consequences are not new topics for films, but when that war theme plays in the background as a subtle driving force to develop characters (especially children) who face an adult life influenced by adult play, the result is a different and a more tender examination of the most successful film genre. <br /> <br /> Carol (Clara Lago) is a 12-year-old Spanish girl from New York who, with her mother Aurora (María Barranco), ill in critical condition, returns to her home in Aurora in 1938 at the height of the war Spanish civilian, a house that was abandoned by his father Don Amalio (Álvaro de Luna) since the death of his wife. Carol's father, Robert (Ben Temple) is a fighter pilot who sided with the Republicans against Franco and is rarely with his family. Aurora has a past: she left her lover Alfonso (Alberto Jiménez) to marry Robert, and Alfonso in turn married Aurora's cold sister, Dolores (Lucina Gil). Carol is an independent girl who remains aloof from everyone except her grandfather Don Amalio until he meets others of his age, but not of his 'class': Tomiche (Juan José Ballesta) and his two friends initially resent Carol, but how events develop Carol and Tomiche is bound by what appears to be the first awakening of love. When Aurora dies of her illness, Carol has to live with Alfonso and Dolores and their daughter Blanca (Luna McGill), but turns to her grandfather for support and her mother's best friend and teacher Maruja (the ever-radiant Rosa Maria Sardà ) to understand the disparity between the classes and the senseless war that keeps his beloved father on his side. Through a series of incidents, Carol and Tomiche learn the rigors of becoming adults, facing more trauma in a short period of the war than most of us have lived in a lifetime. The ending, although sad, is uplifting while Carol's journey to maturity is complete. <br /> <br /> The film is shot in Galicia and Portugal and contains extraordinarily beautiful settings captured with delicate lights by cinematographer Gonzalo F. Berridi and enhanced by the musical score of Bingen Mendizábal. The director Imanol Uribe understands the thin line that separates the pathos from the bathos, and in choosing to concentrate the story on the children involved, makes an even stronger statement on the futility and cruelty of war. The cast is exceptional: the stars are clearly young Clara Lago and Juan José Ballesta, but they are supported by good veteran actors in adult roles. This is a visually stunning job with a lasting message and should find a much wider audience than it has to date. Grady Harp
