The prosperous opening let me purr joyfully for their inventiveness - the altered version of the Archer logo, the introductory disclaimer, the way the camera stands over the cosmos. It's strange to think that "It's a Wonderful Life" came out in the same year. No great coincidences: the 1940s were flooded with heavenly films; but the luminescent cotton nebulae and the angels of competition seem to be tattered, something that is better to pass in silence, when they are next to the vision of Alfred Junge. <br /> <br /> It continues to look beautiful all the way, more and more surprising ideas are launched. I'm not a big fan of the color mix with black and white in general. One of the two visual patterns almost always looks ugly when placed next to each other. It is not so here. Powell dissolves the color in monochrome and monochrome in colors as if it were the most natural thing in the world, a simple change of palettes. Both color and black and white photography could stand alone. <br /> <br /> As for the story ... this could be Pressburger's best script, or at least it would have been the most logical conclusion to the previous events. Other than that, it's tight, but with more things I can talk about here. Were heavenly things real or imaginary? (Or both? Perhaps Carter invented a fantasy that was, as it happened, true.) Everyone says we don't want to ask or answer this question, but I don't see why. I'm sure we are willing to ask the question. The film even gives us clues as to what the answer is - in fact, the problem is that there are too many clues and they seem to initially point in different directions. The fact that other things must also occupy our attention does not mean that this should not concern us too. There is, as I said before, a lot. <br /> <br /> Consider the scene in which Abraham Farlan (the prosecutor's attorney for Heaven) broadcasts a radio broadcast of a cricket match and scornfully says, "The Voice of England, 1945." Dr. Reeves (defense) recognizes the show with a great deal of embarrassment, and then produces his own: a blues song from America, which Farlan listens as if he had a lemon in his mouth. Reeves seems pleased. <br /> <br /> Snobbery? Well, I don't see why it's snobbish to condemn blues music - and that's not what Powell and Pressburger are doing, anyway. While the song is being played, we get a shot of the American soldiers listening to it: many of them nod their heads to the beat, perfectly at home. They do not find it incomprehensible. There is something precious in the song and neither Reeves nor Farlan knows what it is. He probably also realizes. All British audiences (and also all Australian, Indian, etc. audiences) know without there being anything of value even in cricket broadcasting; and that, while Reeves understands it, he cannot explain it to Farlan - hence the broadcast of the blues, which shows that people can understand each other without sharing the understanding of everything else. It's a smart scene. <br /> <br /> One last thing. I found David Niven a bit cold, without the charisma he would have acquired later in his career; but even so, I don't think a movie grabbed my heart fast enough after the action started, like this movie did.
