Didn't Mystic Pizza win the Oscar for that year? This film never had a chance, because of the casting, but maybe people can now understand why I felt this way when I left the theater. Only the "Wargames" left me equally troubled after leaving the theater, with the feeling that I was taking a look at our future. History has shown that this is exactly what happened. <br /> <br /> The casting is a Cuisinart of pop culture from the 80s: Arnold is obtained as Ben Richards, the framed fugitive offered the chance to "run" for his freedom in the game with the same title as the film ; Richard Dawson as Damon Killian, treating his role as a guest of Family Feud with competitors using real guns; Jesse Ventura as "Captain Freedom" and co-wrestler Professor Tanaka as "Subzero", both "stalkers" who kill the "running men". There are also Mick Fleetwood (Mic) and Dweezil Zappa (Stevie), while the "dancers of the future" are nothing more than Laker girls. This movie SCREAMS "80s." The plot is a good excuse for action: Ben Richards is determined to prove his innocence, but agrees to be the Running Man when he is told that his friends will be released; instead, they join him as "competitors". Maria Conchita Alonzo as Amber Mendez is the standard by which Salma Hayek can be correctly judged in the 1990s. <br /> <br /> The production value of the film was a bit poor, the lines were poor and (at the moment), the plot seemed a bit far-fetched. I remember thinking when I was leaving the theater that we were definitely going in the direction of the film, but who could see how far we went and how fast? If The Running Man were listed in the TV guide, most people would think it was just another reality show that is pushing the envelope today. The government's influences on the media have worsened and the stunned American audience of the future that gives up all its freedoms for "national security" is decidedly chilling. Ben Richards is brilliantly portrayed by Arnold as one of the few remaining resistances against a government tyranny that the rest of America is all too willing to accept in exchange for good television and some separation gifts for the public. <br /> <br /> The film was really exaggerated, perhaps even out of time, but as in the case of Back to the Future III, the "chasm" in which it seemed to sink in 1987 was replaced by tracks completed in 2006 and beyond, and this film will save in the future as one of the most prophetic films of our time. It is tragic that, as with Wargames, the academy has not given this brilliant script the recognition it deserved. "Serious" actors who act seriously while they are so pretentious that they want to throw up could win more Oscars, but that doesn't make them better films than their "common man" counterparts like this. <br /> <br /> An absolute must see.
