Arnold, once again in the 1980s, proved to be the king of action and one of the protagonists of this futuristic film about a violent game that no competitor survives. But as the label says, Arnold has yet to play! The film begins in 2019 where the world economy has collapsed with food and other important materials in short supply and a totalitarian state has formed, controlling every aspect of life through television and a police state. The most popular game is The Running Man, in which criminals are forced to survive against "Stalkers" who live to kill them. <br /> <br /> The film opens with Ben Richards (Arnold) driving a helicopter mission to observe an ongoing food riot. He is ordered by his superiors to shoot at them, refusing to have him thrown out and thrown in prison, meanwhile they have massacred the population without his help. The government blames Richards for the massacre earning the name "Bakersfield Butcher". Eighteen months later Richards and two friends William Laughlin (Koto) and Harold Weiss (McIntyre) opened a detention area where they worked. They head for the subway, led by Mic (Mick Fleetwood). Mic quickly identifies Richards as "Bakersfield Butcher" and refuses to help him, but his friend convinces him otherwise. They want him to join the resistance, but he would rather go and live with his brother and find a job. He soon discovers that his brother was taken away for re-education and a woman name Amber Mendez (Alonso) took his apartment. Knowing who she is, she won't help him, but he convinces her, but is arrested at the airport by the policemen after he killed him. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, The Running man is having trouble finding good new blood for the stalkers there to kill. Damon Killian (Dawson) hosts the shows and one of the most powerful men in the country sees Richards escape the movie and is able to capture him for the show after his capture. Richards refuses to play, Killian threatens to use his friends instead of him, then signs the contract. You will like that part. But he soon discovers that they will join him and make sure that Killian knows he will come back. Runners start making their way through the Zones and fight characters that are memorable, Sub-Zero, Buzz Saw and many others. Finally Richards is joined by Amber, who suspects that he was created but that he was captured and involved in the game. Together they find the subway and return to Killian and give him a farewell salute. <br /> <br /> The man who runs is another of Arnold's great films of the 1980s. The film was apparently based on Stephen King's book of the same name. Some have said that the book is better. I'm sure he isn't and I don't care if he loved the movie anyway. As in all of Arnold's films, acting is what you would expect from Arnold's classic one-liners and even Ventura has a couple. But no doubt Richard Dawson is the protagonist of this film. Being a true game presenter, he easily spoofed himself and was able to create a really cold-blooded character. The whole movie itself takes away the games and the older brother looks at you. Keep an eye on the fun and some old shows, "I hate the boat", among others. Also the cast was great, besides Arnold, Koto and Alonzo, don't forget Professor Toru Tanaka, Jim Brown, Ventura and Sven-Ole! With all the nonsense of the television reality that follows it, now it fits better now, but I'm sure the Hollywood liberals could turn it into a film about "Male Bush". The new DVD had mostly poor extras who encounter stalkers as the only redeemable one. Some of how the ACLU managed to bring some communism to the DVD and it's a laughable junk that shouldn't be close to an Arnold movie of all things. Blasphemy! Overall for all Arnold fans, especially us who grew up with him in the 80s, you can't miss it. It is one of the first that I saw in the 80s and it is still beautiful until today. The futuristic world and humor are fantastic. Overall 10 out of 10 stars, definitely one of his best.
