Of all the films of the mid-80s by Arnold that would have thought that the most important today would be The Running Man. A chilling and surprisingly realistic tale of crazed reality TV. It may have been far-fetched then, but not so now. Not when you think about it. Currently, Reality TV shows are scraping the bottom of the barrel or trying desperately to raise the bar. If the neighbor is no longer as controversial as the last, it is a real disaster. How long will it take before attending shows like The Running Man? How long will it take before there are "court appointed lawyers" or the Department of Justice's entertainment division? There is so much satire and intelligence in this film that it may have been forgotten in 1987 that it is a desperate need to be seen again considering the current state of television programs. <br /> <br /> The biggest message of all is 'You are being lied to'. It is no secret that the government and the media are working together. And the masses believe in what the media tells them to believe. It's a very scary state of affairs and, unless more accurate representations of the truth emerge, we could easily accept a brutal spectacle like the Man running in the near future. It's no secret that Reality TV is not very realistic. It is modified and reshaped before being transmitted and it is only what the networks want you to see. It is usually far from reality. <br /> <br /> Although quite different from the book by Stephen King (the ending has completely changed), the script conforms to the typical Arnie formula. Yes, he has a lot of jokes and platitudes and he says "I'll be back" (something he never said really often, anyway, when you think about it) in the most ironic situation, but it's still a million dollars the best times in the role of Christopher Reeve or Dolph Lundgren (these two were considered BEFORE Arnie believes it or not). The director is none other than Dave Starsky himself (Paul Michael Glaser). It may not be artistic but it is still strong enough to generate excitement and its use of neon and fluorescent colors gives each set a rather cool look. Andrew Davis (not a director I particularly like) was attached before Glaser, although it doesn't matter who directs it, the film is still marked by a heavy 80s feel. <br /> <br /> First of all, the soundtrack by Harold Faltermeyer (remember him?) is incredibly dated and robs action scenes of any timeless integrity. And the fashion sense of the film is too excessive to be convincingly fixed in the future. Apart from the dated look, the only other thing that bothers me is the ill-organized shoot-out that passes like the climax. <br /> <br /> This new DVD is a billion times better than the original version. The horrible image of the letterbox is over. In its place is a brand new 1.85 high definition anonymous transfer: 1. Colors shine and literally flow from the screen. The new Dolby 5.1 EX and DTS ES soundtrack is also extraordinary. There is a constant use of the surround channels with great effect and the bass is strong and powerful. Definitely one of the best re-masters I've seen so far. Two intriguing documentaries, a trailer and a "Meet the Stalkers" gimmick are included in this 2-disc set that comes in a pretty neat briefcase.
