I'm still new in the genre Krimi and the only one I saw before seeing this was the previous and somewhat disappointing "The Dead Eyes of London", which didn't inspire great hope for the rest of the genre in me. If I had seen this before, however, the feeling would have been different, while The College Girl Murders is a bizarre and rather bizarre attempt at a criminal film; it's very fun to watch and it's really hard to hate a movie that throws so many weird and wonderful ideas into the script and manages to do it in style. The film begins in a laboratory where a mad scientist invented a new highly toxic poison that kills his victim and makes it look like they died of a heart attack. This poison is used by a mysterious criminal mind who breaks ordinary criminals out of jail to carry out his murders using this poison (and then has them put back in prison). As the title suggests, it is a nearby college full of girls that provides the most victims. There is also a mysterious monk dressed in a red tunic that wanders around his broken neck with a whip. <br /> <br /> Of course, with a plot like that; this is not exactly a serious affair and the director clearly knows that there is a very ironic atmosphere for the film, which bodes well for the plot. The fact that there are so many different sides of the plot unfortunately means that everything is not flowing smoothly; although this is not a big problem as things continue to go on throughout the film and there is always enough to do to keep the audience interested. The atmosphere is superb and the color combination on the display is also exceptional. Of course, the film is based on a novel by Edgar Wallace and clearly the man has a great imagination; even the settings used are superb and while the den of a killer with a series of wild and exotic animals may not be relevant to the plot, it helps to give the film that little bit extra. You can't expect a conclusion that makes full sense after everything that happens in this movie; but the reason for the murder makes sense and is a satisfying way to the film at the peak. Overall, College Girl Murders is an excellent little mystery film and one that comes highly recommended!
