Prussic gas, a murderer wearing a red clandestine suit and a hood whipping a white whip and the murders of school girls at the hands of paid prisoners enlisted by a mysterious mind that hides his face in an office that contains aquariums of turtles and fish. Scotland Yard inspectors, Higgins (IJoachim Fuchsberger) and his superior Sir John (Siegfried Schürenberg) certainly have their hands full of this case. Everything seems to center around the student Ann Portland (Uschi Glas), who, when she turns 21, will inherit a great deal of wealth. Targeting girls share a room with Ann, but the reason for their murders remains a mystery that the best SYs must understand. All the girls' dormitory staff seem to be hiding something and some faculty members are falling prey to the murderer in the red monk disguise, talented enough to precisely strangle the neck of those attacked with the whip. Two prisoners are instructed by a mysterious man to use the new toxic gas created by a scientist murdered at the beginning of the film during what was supposed to be a monetary exchange for its creation. It is an intelligent scheme in which a driver, Greaves (Günter Meisner) meets the inmates (who hide in a barrel) who are assisted by a corrupt prison guard. Taken blindfolded in the secret room of the mind, he gives them orders about who to kill and how. Discovering this operation is a priority for Higgins and Sir John because it will lead them to the truth they seek about the murders and why they are happening. The suspects are the dormitory director of the girls, the author brother, a staggeringly nervous chemistry teacher, a nosy gardener and the Bannister. Some are red herring until they are disposed of, throwing the observer for a loop each time until the true mind is discovered. The ending presents multiple twists. <br /> <br /> Outside of the Krimi films I saw, THE COLLEGE GIRL MURDERS is the closest to a thriller with its colorful killer, a twisted plot that offers many surprises and potential suspects, and sordid plots among adults and the college girls in the dorm. I think you can also see the influence of James Bond on this particular Krimi film with the secret hiding place of the wicked's mind with an alligator pit (.. which is not used), the false bible / water gun when it comes open, shoot gas the face of the frightened victims, the Royles Royce of the Greaves who has closures that make the flaps darken the windows without revealing the passenger in the back seat, and the openings to spy on the girls in their rooms and while they swim. Many might consider Sir John a liability because of his clumsy, funny behavior and how often he undermines Higgins's abilities to get the truth (.. perhaps by making fun of British inspectors who know how to hurt a case rather than solve it) I heard that it was used as a relief from comedy, particularly with his attempts at psychoanalysis into suspects and potential victims, often misunderstanding what he was told. Higgins, using the skills adopted during his years as an investigator, instead follows the clues / facts, often avoiding Sir John as much as possible. Capable directed by the reliable Alfred Vohrer who keeps the rhythm humming at a good speed, and the script is full of interesting characters and obscure content ... the fact that so many of the adults surrounding the dormitory are suspect, each of them could be the one wielding the whip or calling the shots behind the executions of these murdered girls. I would say that this could be one of the best (if not the best) examples of the genus Krimi, because it keeps you guessing, always another trick up its sleeve ... the revelations brought to light in the end are rather eye -Open (.. and, we also obtain a literal unmasking of the true mind that pulls the strings to complete the whole).
