This is probably the fastest and most action-packed rhythm in the "krimi" series by Edgar Wallace, a cross between the films of Dr. Mabuse of the past and the pop thrillers of the 60s like Batman and The Man by UNCLE. He reintroduces the outrageous villain of a previous film that wears a fashionable monk habit and breaks the victims' neck with the curl of a deadly whip. Set in an elegant girls' school full of lewd middle-aged professors, and with cops who caress their hot-to-trot secretaries on every occasion, it's certainly a return to those wonderfully politically incorrect times. There is a definite connection with a later film by Wallace, the excellent yellow "Whatever Happened to Solange?", Which also concerns female students who have been corrupted by (and corrupting?) Their elders. Appropriate enough for the monk's theme, the evil master uses the bibles trapped here to face some of the deadly blows, and he also maintains a dungeon full of reptiles to amuse his captive audience. <br /> <br /> Alfred Vohrer has always been the most playful and visually extravagant of the directors of the series, and here the dark color cinematography is the real star of the show. The Monaco appears in a showy scarlet cape and a robe, which opens with taste the splendid white whip, while it appears against backgrounds of a violet night. There is also a turquoise voyeur pool that looks fantastic both as a bright setting for the maiden students and as a dark setting for one of the crime scenes. The "kicker" mark of hiding the "Ende" card somewhere in the set of the last scene is also quite memorable here. And there's a nice soundtrack for fans of retro music. <br /> <br /> Fans of the series will surely miss the irreverent character of Eddie Arent in these latest films. Instead, Chief Inspector Sir John takes on the role of buffoon, convinced he has mastered criminal psychology after attending some evening classes. Unfortunately, Klaus Kinski also went to bigger and better things. The krimis had lost some of their subversive subversive charm at this point, and now they were working on a much more blatant level of pop culture, which would make it quite accessible to uninitiated spectators.
