Hitokiri (which translates roughly as "murder"), a / k / a "Tenchu" which translates roughly as "divine punishment" shows Hideo Gosha on top of his form. Don't miss this, or the other classic of Gosha, Goyokin! Hitokiri is not just one of Gosha's best films, it is one of the best "samurai / chambara" films ever made, and perhaps one of the best Japanese films ever exported. <br /> <br /> Be careful, all the complicated details of the plot in Hitokiri can be a bit difficult to follow for those who do not know Japanese history of the 19th century. Even so, the underlying human drama is obvious and open to all viewers. As per Gosha's rule, Hitokiri provides another variation on his traditional theme of "loyalty to one's lord" against "doing the right thing". However, Gosha develops his favorite theme with such sophistication, which is really the film to see (along with Goyokin, of course). I suppose it breaks like this: if you want a simple, more action-oriented story, you might want to see Goyokin. However, if you want a more thoughtful, multi-level (albeit bleak) drama, look at this. <br /> <br /> (OK, OK, basically, the historical background is a huge power grap between many different samurai clans that are or (1) working to reform, but by preserving, the Tokugawa Shogunate, and (2) those who are trying to install Emperor Meiji as the supreme ruler of Japan. Indeed, those clans who work "for" the emperor Meiji were often less interested in "reforming" Japan than assuring their clan more power in " new world order "Ironically, the entire feudal system was officially abolished as one of the first reforms of the Meiji government. It is ironic twists like this - Gosha is great about irony - which makes the whole plot even more bittersweet .) <br /> <br /> What distinguishes "Hitokiri" from Gosha's other films is the mature sense of Gosha's cinematography. Each shot is meticulously composed and (very similar to Kubrick's Barry Lyndon) every frame of the film could hold its own like a still composition. Of course, this is typical of Gosha. The Hitokiri really stands out for its wonderful backdrops, including (as for Goyokin) many seascapes. Watch the opening sequence and you are passionate! Make no mistake, this is not an English vintage piece: Hitokiri is extremely violent (don't say you haven't been warned). <br /> <br /> What else, besides the fantastic photographic work, does the Hitokiri stand out? The performances seem (to me) a little more subtle in this. Katsu Shintaro (of Zatoichi / Hanzo the Razor fame) turns into a leading performance as the protagonist / anti-hero in conflict, Okada Izo. Katsu manages to infuse humanity into a character who almost looks more like a wild animal than a villain. Throughout the film, you are never quite sure if you are engaged or disgusted by the character of Okada. At the same time, Katsu's portrait of Okada's voracious hunger for respect, and his subsequent pathetic redemption attempts, seems so human that you can't help but feel empathy / compassion. Of course, after watching Nakadai Tatsuya play the tortured hero in "Goyokin", it's nice to see him play a ruthless villain in "Hitokiri". It's just perfect, there's nothing else to say! <br /> <br /> As a final note, perhaps more interesting for fans than for occasional fans, don't miss the last screen appearance of Mishima Yukio (yes, the homosexual right-wing ultranationalist novelist committed by seppuku in front of the crowd of kudos of Japanese military personnel who "kidnapped" in 1970, and who made a film about his life and the work done by Paul Schrader), which actually does a pretty solid job of portraying the honorable (for a murderer) Shinbei Tanaka.
