Another Pokemon movie hit the theaters, and again, I'm hearing the same old one, "Pokemon is dead, blah blah blah." The detractors of the franchise could not be more wrong. The children still play the collectible card game, they are still watching the TV series, they are waiting for the Game Boy Advance games and they want to see "Pokemon the 4th movie". <br /> <br /> Who said, "Pokemon The 4th Movie" presents two other "legendary" Pokemon: Suicune, the traditional "north wind", and Celebi, guardian of the forest (and star of the show) . Celebi transports himself and a boy named Sam from 40 years into the future, up to the present day, where the Pokemon trainer Ash, his faithful Pikachu and his friends Brock and Misty are traveling through Johto. Sam and Ash become fast friends once they discover mutual love for Pokemon (Sam's vintage Pokeball with a screwed top is a great moment). Together, they decide to protect Celebi from the villain of the story, the agent of Team Rocket aptly named Vicious, who is determined to capture Celebi for his own purposes. Will Ash and Sam be able to protect Celebi from Vicious' Dark Balls? Where does Suicune fit into the image? Will Jessie, James and Meowth have bigger parts in this film than before? And who is Sam, really? <br /> <br /> As with the first 3 movies, if you go into the movie deciding that it will hate it automatically, no matter what it is simply because it is Pokemon (or just because your son / nephew / niece / younger brother / et cetera he "dragged" you inside), then he will hate him because you decided you want to hate him. It could be, but blindly trashing "Pokemon The 4th Movie" simply because it's a Pokemon movie, and above all without having seen it, it's just stupid. Even non-fans can enjoy this movie without having to know every detail of the Pokemon world. I'm not saying that you will become a fan of Pokémon because of this movie, but you can really enjoy it, if you allow it. <br /> <br /> Unlike the first 3 Pokemon movies, "Pokemon the 4th The movie" was released by Miramax, which I heard is also working to secure the rights to the fifth Pokemon movie, which was released on last summer in Japan. Miramax claims to have an aggressive marketing strategy for "Pokemon The 4th Movie", but all I've seen so far is a limited version, which doesn't include the usual Pikachu short at the beginning, which I was really looking forward to so far . I hope that Miramax deems it appropriate to include the short Pikachu, called "Pikachu Folding Hide-and-Seek", at least on the DVD / VHS version, except with a future larger version of "Pokemon The 4th Movie". I hope the current version is just the tip of the iceberg for this very funny movie.
