The late 1930s and early 1940s were a golden age for adventure films, with increased budgets during economic recovery, changes in film entertainment since the code of production became mandatory and the general carefree optimism of the times. While most of these were braggart swagger on the wild, superhuman and often frankly misogynistic assholes like Errol Flynn and Tyrone Power, Gunga Din is very different for focus, reach and tone. <br /> <br /> of the secret of Gunga Din is the division of labor in his writing team. The original story is by Ben Hecht and Charles MacArthur, two of the most accomplished and famous writers of the golden age of Hollywood. However, the actual screenplay was the work of Joel Sayre and Fred Guiol, both of whom, particularly Guiol, had a background in the play. What we get from these four is a well balanced and engaging plot, but also wisely enriched with comic touches. Most of the adventure films of this period were at least partly comedies, usually with one or two supportive players for the comics, but they did not use laughter as does Gunga Din. Here, all the main characters are capable of being objects or creators of jokes. We see the sinister threat of the villains suddenly spread as the scene dissolves into a carefree brawl. The first main battle scene is a balanced mixture of action and gags, in the style of the silent street sweepers of Douglas Fairbanks, Sr., something that Flynn and Power vehicles failed to replicate. Towards the center of Gunga Din the action must necessarily take a break and there are many talky scenes for the sake of the plot. However the continuous incursions into the comedy ?? how the pin punch routine ?? make the "slow" portion bearable. <br /> <br /> The director and producer George Stevens was natural when it came to this kind of thing, he himself had made his teeth in Hal Roach's studios and had directed the play almost exclusively to this point. This was his first complete action and he did a surprisingly good job. In particular, his use of moving views of the point of view makes the battle scenes extremely hilarious. Do you also bring something that you rarely see in action pictures of this era ?? a sense of true fear and fear. He puts it up with those ghostly and conceited mountains that dominate many of the shots and detract from the characters. The portrait of the abandoned village and the Thuggee cultists shout "Kali!" it's really haunting. This dimension of fear plays on all the other emotions that are at work here, making us worry about these cute characters, and making comedy more relief from tension. <br /> <br /> A real touch of genius is in the way the eponymous hero is presented to the public. We are aware of Din visually, since he is prominent in a number of scenes before any of the characters actually turn to him or refer to him verbally. For this reason, we are given the impression that Din is not an important figure within the regiment, but quickly becomes a remarkable character for us, and basically a likeable one, since we see him risking his life and giving water to the dying men. <br /> <br /> But the best efforts of writers and directors are all useless without a capable cast. Fear not, for Gunga Din has a first-rate one! Victor McLaglan and Cary Grant were ideally suited to the material, since their best roles were generally somewhere in the spectrum between drama and comedy. Grant, in particular, is at his best, largely credible, but only occasionally breaks into that exaggerated exaggeration which is his trademark. Douglas Fairbanks, Jr. is not up to the standards of his heavyweight comrades, but it's not bad at all. And of course there's Sam Jaffe, cursed by his looks to play forever those little wizened weeds, but who else could play them with such dignity and humanity? I have not decided to beat the reckless adventures of Errol Flynn and Tyrone Power, and indeed many of their images are absolute classics that I absolutely love. But Gunga Din does things that not even the best of these swordsmen could ever get. Not only does he do without the exciting male protagonist or the disgusting damsel, but he manages to successfully blend the action genre with comedy and intensity, in a way that few images have done before or after. And this is fabulous.
