I didn't know for a long time that in my youth all that in general one could know about this film, however, the way of making a film was not what attracted my attention, what made this film one of the most beloved films even to this The day I have ever seen was the Heroism, courage and honor of having served in His Majesty. This film is not always what it seems and perhaps it is as it should be, but I can't say enough for the courage shown by Sgt.Cutter in defense of The Uniform that he too would have sacrificed his life to save from the danger of the kind that they and the troops were threatened by the emergence of this group of thugee. <br /> <br /> To be certain Sgt. Cutter is the kind of person to whom you could suggest something and then look at this unmistakable belief not only in each other but in His Majesty the Queen of England. I think of all his desire for money and the fact that that character was great. A brave brave brave brave who did not know fear. I think Grant was excellent in this role, really a very capable rendition irresistible from the uniform he was wearing. I never heard that Ballantine was a shoe, in fact there was so much confidence in there assumptions that you might feel good about not trying to close because it's still just a picture. What do I mean? This image is still just a movie and how the times when these events take place as well as when the image was actually made to take a look at how things were done then and what or why there are so many different opinions on this film they will distract your attention. Both Ballantine and MaChesney are equal in dedication with both men from time to time which provides an irreducible audacity regarding jobs as men in the service of His Majesty. These three seem to take things pretty well and I think it's a useful, even amusing interlude when Ballantine has a date with destiny or so it would seem only to have fate as you would like it to happen. Is it credible? I don't know. I think it's very appropriate when the company has escaped from the clutches of death in Tantrapur and they are dragging the queues there as they are approaching the main doors to the Regiments Post when Ballantine allows the other two to know that he is leaving the service, and to get married and enter the tea business. But McChesney says he could sign up for another 9 years. He will make him a man. I like this feeling. <br /> <br /> I don't think there is any doubt about what it means to have brave and brave soldiers who represent your best interests. Where this ends, in reality it will never end. These interests are so well positioned on what is important in this world that I like this image today as much as maybe I liked the image when I was ten. I had never known the veracity of this film until recently, when I entered history and found information on Kali. There is much to be learned, however, once everything has been said and done about the historical significance of the Goddess of Kali, this film takes on a quality I refer to as intelligence. This is a very honest attempt to convey a belief what you are trying. I think this is an excellent film. George Stevens directed. <br /> <br /> There are some things to keep in mind that I don't think all information will be jive with the story, however when the journalist is approached as Mr. Kipling things can get very exciting because everything else is characters but this is Rudyard Kipling? George Stevens went beyond the lines to broadcast a time and once before when these events actually occurred. The information is honest, convincing and not only attracts you but you will have to understand why we love Gunga Din. There is a distance in which the Black Watch is ahead and it is approaching a danger and a possible defeat, unless the troops are warned. SGt.Cutter is seriously injured and Ballantine and MaChesney are held. Having a deep wound at the base of the back as the result of a bayonet pushed deeply into his body from behind is up to the request to warn the colonel of an imminent danger with an effort worthy of our most sincere desires in this life time Din it rises slowly and manages to climb the bell tower that rests like the upper part of the temple of the tugge. The sound of the Gunga Dins horn allows the army to come close to being alerted. A scaled battle ensues and the enemy is canceled. It is a position so dramatic and full of tension that, while Gunga Din lay dead on a pile of rocks that the bullet showed with his body, Sgt.Cutter says he is a good soldier. I do not know of any more dramatic moment nor one where we learn what sacrifice means when the troop is warned of the imminent danger. <br /> <br /> The end is far from being anti-climatic, it is the story of who Gunga Din is and what he now means to the honored men in uniform for whom he wanted to sacrifice. Ballantine knows his heart and asks the colonel to take care of his enlistment documents and this makes MaChesney rather satisfied that the colonel is honest and that the enlistment documents in his pocket may be treated at a more appropriate time. The colonel says in the place where they are now all gathered that we have done enough soldier for a long day and further commentary on how the efforts were pleased in defense. MaChesney says he would prefer here than from the colonel to get a Bloomin medal. very sober point and then comes to Din. Now here is a man who has no status in reality so I am going to name him a corporal and his name must be written on the scrolls of our honored dead. The poem I read as if it had just been written by Kipling himself who stands next to the tomb with the colonel and the rest of the men. Gunga Din Bravo!
