I'd like to give this movie a 10/10, but in its current state I can only go to the 8/10 highs. The modification of the post-code (read: destroy) of this film deserves a demerit of 2 points. <br /> <br /> From my very limited knowledge of the history of cinema, Baby Face was apparently one of the two films that finally broke the camel back and brought to the stage the complete wrath and application of the Production Code in 1934 . (I don't know what the other film was). As a result, the film in its original incarnation was never re-edited after 1934. It was shredded and edited bit by bit, and no original version is known to exist today. The best we can see today is the version that TCM (Turner Classic Movies) shows, but which is obviously modified in different scenes, and has a really disappointing "happy end" slapped in the end. <br /> <br /> That being said, the film is still very damn beautiful and very fun to watch. As always, Barbara Stanwyck is absolutely amazing and wonderful. She is so beautiful and powerful; she only owns the whole movie! She plays a woman who has been used by men all her life, starting with her father who exploited her at the local Erie, the steel workers of the AP and local politicians in a quid pro quo di if you don't close my speakeasy I'll let you sleep with my daughter. When the father dies in an explosion of fire near the beginning of the film, the smile on Stanwyck's face is priceless. After the fire, Stanwyck leaves Erie with his maid and heads for New York City. He puts his sights on a skyscraper and literally starts making his way to the top. Starting with the HR clerk, he sleeps with him to get a basic level position at the bank. From there, he sleeps with one man after another (including a very young John Wayne) using every new man to help her find a more lucrative job on a higher floor than the skyscraper, with increasingly powerful male bosses and cum sugary dads. Stanwyck stops at nothing in his ascent to the top. It's very fun to see her and her maid in more and more imaginative clothes and apartments while Stanwyck makes his way up the corporate ladder. Stanwyck is the last femme fatale, who manipulates, she-vixen in this movie! If you watch this movie, I suggest you stop when you see the character of George Brent (Courtland Trenholm) die in the arms of Stanwyck. Skip the remaining 3 minutes or so! The "happy ending" slapped at the end of the film for a post-code audience is offensive to the intelligence of the public and lame unbelievable: the members of the bank council are sitting around a table exposing the donation of the million dollars of Mr. And Mrs. Trenholm at the bank and the way they live happily but poorly in Erie, with former Vice President Trenholm now working in the steel mills - cutting exactly the same footage of a steel factory that we saw at the beginning of the film - "The End". PUH-LEEZE - AS A NAME! The film originally ended with George Brent who succeeded in his suicide attempt. I think the ending fits the general mood of the film much better than the slapped ending post-code. <br /> <br /> I really hope that a printout of the original pre-code version of this film was discovered during my lifetime (update: the original HAS was found and should be available on DVD and / or TCM in the 2006!). Until then, I'll have fun with the TCM version and turn it off before the end of the lame-o post-code.
