The melodrama by director Alfred Green "Baby Face" with Barbara Stanwyck is one of the best-known films of pre-code films. These films were produced before the Production Code Administration had the power to enforce its rules in 1934. The "Inspiration" writer Gene Markey and the "Midnight Mary" scribe Kathryn Scola wrote the script, based on Mark's story Canfield, on the rise and fall of a girl who used her sexual charm to acquire wealth and position in society. Incidentally, Mark Canfield was a pseudonym of producer Daryl F. Zanuck. These Pre-Code films now seem domesticated, but they have sparked controversy in abundance and bolder material content than most films until the late 1950s, when the Code began to erode. The themes that the directors explore are women against men, women against women and women against society. Our astute protagonist does enough skulduggery that all the themes are the same. <br /> <br /> Lily Nick Powers' bad father (Robert Barret of "Distant Drums") runs an illegal illegal bar during prohibition, when thirteen Amendment bans the liquor, and produces its liquor in a flash. Nick is a hateful guy who spins his beautiful but hard-working daughter Lily (Barbara Stanwyck of "Night Nurse"), but Lily refuses to help her father with a squalid local politician. The politician. Ed Sipple (Arthur Hohl of "Private Detective 62") swears to take revenge for Lily's refusal to accept him. Later, Nick chews on his rebellious daughter. Lily scolds him. "Yes, I am a tramp and who is to blame? My father, a beautiful wave you gave me, nothing but men, dirty and rotten men, and you are inferior to any of them." As soon as she ran away, Nick dies when his anchor explodes and kills him. Lily and her African-American maid Chico (Theresa Harris of "Arrowsmith") pack up and take a ride from the first freight departure city. <br /> <br /> As soon as our heroines arrived in New York, Lily used her charm to find a job in a bank. Visually, director Green shows Lily's careful ascent up the ladder with camera angles moving upward until Lily's sexuality threatens to destroy the bank. At one point, Lily interrupts a marriage between a bank officer, Ned Stevens (Donald Cook of "The Public Enemy") and his girlfriend, Anne Carter (Margaret Lindsay of "Cavalcade") after Stevens almost fired her for having flirted with her boss, Brody (Douglas Dumbrille of "His Women") in the employee bathroom. Lily is extremely perceptive and manages to emerge from every debacle better than before. The board of directors hires Courtland Trenholm (George Bent of "Jezebel") to take over the presidency of the bank. The first thing Trenholm does is pay Lily, instead of letting her publish her journals on the bank's highest highs. Furthermore, Trenholm sends Lily to their Paris branch, where Lily does not create fuss until Trenholm arrives and become romantically connected. Lily fights with her nails and teeth for everything she has got and hates to throw everything away, but sacrifices everything in the end for her husband. <br /> <br /> Ironically, Lily ends up in the same city she started in, but Trenholm and she are happy now. "Baby Face" qualifies as one of the five best pre-coded films. Look for John Wayne dressed in a suit and tie in a scene.
