Escaping the life of being exploited by her father (... and the maid who does the cleaning) who dies in an explosion, Lily Powers (Barbara Stanwyck, who is simply charming) makes her way through the branches of a bank in the big city ​​of Gotham. When a possessive lover kills who should have been his next father-in-law (and Lily's new lover), the sky is the limit for Lily since she wrote her various reports in a diary and subtlety lets know that the newspapers will receive if certain salaries do not come into his hands. The new president of the bank, Courtland Trenholm (George Brent), sends Lily to Paris instead of paying a lot of pasta, but soon finds himself madly in love after several meetings with her in the City of Love. This makes Lily's mouth water, because now she will have reached the pedestal of success by seducing a man of wealth and prestige will bring wealth in her own way. However, the circumstances that lead to a decision that threatens her effective way of reaching those riches derive from it. Tredholm, now her husband, is charged with detention and lost the bank. He needs money that Lily now has in his possession or that he will have absolutely nothing. <br /> <br /> Stanwyck is the whole movie despite the usual Polish Warner Brothers. Being set in the pre-code era gives filmmakers the chance to elaborate taboo subjects like a woman who uses sex to achieve success and how it can lead to tragedy. Alfred E Green's good direction manifests itself through hints of subtlety in different ways and speeches through the good acting of Stanwyck's seductive performance on how to stage something without actually showing the explicit act. Obviously the film shows that money is not everything and all that jazz like love enters the heart of Lily's dead heart. That final with Lily who achieved the miraculous metamorphosis in someone in love didn't seem real. He spent all this time getting to that platform only to fall in love with a man who was not essentially different from others he had used before him.
