The preliminary version of the "Baby Face" of 1933 would have been the ideal presentation for a corporate seminar on sexual harassment. Mentored by a Nietzetian professor, Lily Powers rises from a life of easy virtue to her father's comparison to a rapid ascent of the company ladder to a large bank. Because every step of the ladder is a leader with the brain below the belt and his ethics locked in the vault, the film has no victims, except for Lily's childhood, which was destroyed by an abusive exploitative father. The destructive relationship with his father suggests Lily's hidden reason for using men to advance without regard for their fate. While Lily is cynical and obvious in her approach, the men she is targeting betray wives and boyfriends willingly to exchange jobs for sexual favors. Perhaps bank failures in the 1930s owed less to the economy than to corrupt executives morally distracted by ambitious women. <br /> <br /> The plot moves quickly and the camera moves in a fun way from one window to the other of the office building's facade while Lily climbs higher and higher. Barbara Stanwyck had fun in hard and bitten roles, and she's in great shape here. The feeling does not intrude when it is ready to climb the next step. Only his African-American confidant, Chico, receives Lily's affection, trust and loyalty. In more enlightened times, the fresh natural beauty of Theresa Harris, who plays Chico, would have had the men who threw her furs and penthouses. Stanwyck often appears excessively rigged and rigid in comparison to Harris. However, despite Stanwyck's harsh demeanor, obvious tactics and artificial face, he manages to leave a trail of deceived and seduced men, including Douglass Dumbrille, Donald Cook and a young John Wayne. <br /> <br /> The preferred version of "Baby Face" is the restored 76-minute cut. The modified version of the film moves away timidly from the concrete facts, which the longer cut restores and makes explicit. Perhaps Darryl Zanuck, who wrote the story under a false name, meant a lesson by quoting Nietszche, whose views on women were controversial. However, despite the lessons and Alphonse Ethier's advice not to be defeated by life, Lily's seizure of power and money probably owed more to her education and her father than her professor's mentor. However, philosophy is only a distraction. Short, fast and fun, "Baby Face" is contemporary in its morality as "Wall Street". Replacing Gordon Gecko for Nietszche, and Lily could have declared his guiding philosophy as "greed is good".
