Is this considered a key Pre-Code film ?? from the director who later made the musical biography THE JOLSON STORY (1946), but also the sci-fi paranoid INVASION U.S.A. (1952)! ?? and presents one of Barbara Stanwyck's best youth roles. <br /> <br /> Is it supported by a refined cast that includes popular actors and prestigious artists of the day ?? George Brent, Douglass Dumbrille, Edward van Sloan, Nat Pendleton and John Wayne (at one point they turn to Stanwyck with the titled nickname, derived from a folk song that is constantly heard everywhere) in the first category and, in the second, in Robert Barrat (as Stanwyck's father), Donald Cook (as his most tragic conquest), Alphonse Ethier (as his elder mentor is more on this later), Arthur Hohl (as a lascivious politician) and Henry Kolker (as head of Cook and father-in-law, who also seduces Stanwyck). Curiously, the scenes in which Walter Brennan appeared were later canceled at his request when the film had problems with censorship! <br /> <br /> Aborted by crackling typically hard-boiled and realistic dialogues by Anton Grot, the narrative contains unexpected nuances of Nietzschean philosophy fueled by our provincial hero from the intellectual etùer (Stanwyck complains right away that he doesn't is a "fireball" that, of course, contradicts his next comedy, directed by Howard Hawks and co-starring Gary Cooper ?? of that name!). Under Ethier's auspices, she quickly blossoms into an essentially heartless character determined that nothing should stop on her path to success; the symbolic representation of his increase in stature with the New York company to which she was employed recalls a similar sardonic style? in relation to the lust of an ambitious statesman for power ?? in October by Sergei Eisenstein (1927)! Sociologically, it is also interesting that Stanwyck is constantly seen sticking his neck out for his black maid / companion. <br /> <br /> The first two thirds of the film are simply fantastic; at the beginning, I found the last stages a bit disappointing ?? because I expected to see Stanwyck get his well-deserved fall for the late George Brent character while he ignores her, but, just like the others, it's soon under his spell! In second sight, however, did this look less irritating ?? as it is evident that Stanwyck has been hit by the two deaths that his selfish behavior has caused, and that his office in Paris has softened it (although she tries to cling to her hard-earned wealth as long as possible). /> <br /> Published on DVD by Warners as part of their FORBIDDEN Hollywood VOLUME 1 COLLECTION, the film is presented in two surprisingly different modifications ?? a recently released pre-release version and the printing of The Tearer Theatrical Release. Among the remarkable sequences from the latter is the dialogue relating to Stanwyck's life as a tramp from the age of 14 (although he is heard in the accompanying trailer!), While many other scenes have been abbreviated (ie censored for the content ): the violent bewilderment that develops between Stanwyck and Hohl after she resists his progress; seduction in the railway car; the scene in which Dumbrille is surprised by Cook's Stanwyck; the shot, followed by a suicide (in the shorter version only blows are heard); Stanwyck thinks of his conquests while the phonograph is playing (again, only Brent appears in the version distributed to the cinemas), etc. The latter, then, uses alternative scenes for some scenes ?? and includes a shot that establishes the city that is missing in the longer version; however, we also get an obviously oppressed happy ending (the preliminary version ends abruptly on a very effective open note) and an equally unconvincing warning letter sent by Ethier to Stanwyck in New York that, basically, has the function of replacing all the references to Nietzsche!
