"Baby Face" is a precoded melodrama starring a very young Barbara Stanwyck, an almost unrecognizable George Brent and Theresa Harris. It's about a girl who goes to town to do good ... or I should say take your time. Stanwyck's father tormented her for one reason or another for her whole life in a dirty, depressed and dirty Erie, Pennsylvania. After the death of her father, an older type of father who knows what she has gone through and really cares about her future advises her to go to the big city and take advantage of the opportunities there - and not the easy ones - and take the road teacher in life. (Note that I saw the censored version and not the uncut part - this part of the film was redone for censorship.) She and Chico (Harris) go to New York where Lily (nickname: Baby Face) decides the road is much easier and will take it where it wants to go much faster. In the most famous scene of the film, the camera moves us up the company ladder, taking us from one floor to another while Lily sleeps up at the top. Eventually he succeeds in bribing the big man and manages to quit his day job. Trouble follows, and soon she will be involved in a huge scandal. <br /> <br /> Stanwyck wears a lot of make-up and for most of the movie he is as beautiful as a cucumber while seducing one man after another with no regrets, and is great at playing the innocent victim. In one scene, he sits down to fix a ransom of a king in jewelry while wearing a black suit that appears to be decorated with diamonds at the top. Then he asks Chico another case, and this is full of other jewels, as well as titles. All in a day of work. <br /> <br /> Theresa Harris was an interesting talent - she could be played or fascinated, and she was also a talented singer and dancer. Here, sing or sing the theme of the film, "St. Louis Woman" in all. He has literally worked in dozens of films and is very good here as a friend of Stanwyck, his best work was in the era of the precodi. As a bizarre by-product of the code, blacks were often given less to do in movies after it was made. <br /> <br /> The precoded films could be more sexually explicit and therefore, even if they are over 70 years old, it seems more modern. Although these films should not have moral purposes, Baby Face learns her lessons - how life is after all. There were many endings of this film, all with the same message. What I saw had an added scene, but apparently, there were two other endings that did not pass the censorship. (There was no code, but there were always censors.) In any case, it's a nice surprise. "Baby Face" is an important film in the history of cinema - a must see.
