I'm going to review the 2 films together because I feel it's how it should be considered and observed. When I talk about "the film", I talk about parts 1 and 2 together when we look one after the other, as they should be. <br /> <br /> Thanks Jon Anderson, Steven Soderbergh and Benicio Del Toro. <br /> <br /> This film is a cool, bold, gritty and true film. And, he feels a new style of film production. No faux drama. No audio track of Swelling. Not fake documentary style. Only clean shots and an attempt to stick to the facts. I read "Che Guevara: A Revolutionary Life" by Jon Anderson and I recently finished the Fidel's Auto biography, which helped my ability to properly immerse this film. But I must say that it is the exhaustive, penultimate and wonderful biography of Jon Anderson that gave this film the right historical back-bone. Anderson was a consultant for this film (or these 2 films). What makes this film a real thing is that it's clean. No swelling or slow-motion photography to intensify the drama, and more importantly; no false fake documentary camera. Only square shots and direct shooting style. The type of camera used makes you feel right there in the jungle. Benicio Del Toro should be honored for this, I never doubted him as Che for the whole movie ... not once. He did a great job and I will always respect him for it. Some people complain that the film is only 2 slices of his life and not the whole thing. But I think this is one of the real beautiful aspects of this film: it doesn't try to be everything. It does not try to "tell the story". A person's life is too multi-faceted to try it and tell it in 2, 4, 8, 16 or 32 hours. This is one of the subtle beauties of this film, it resists this temptation and remains focused on the intention to let us take JUDGMENT FOR, HIS DEVELOPING MILITARY MIND AND FORCES AROUND HIM. It focuses on 3 time segments: The Battle to launch Batista, the speech of U.N. of Che's and the preparations of Gorilla in Bolivia. "Motorcycle Diaries" has already told its young side, and I applaud S. Soderbergh instead of focusing on other aspects. I keep referring to Jon Anderson's book and the film remains faithful. The only weak point for me is the casting (not the performance) of Matt Damon. In a film so loaded with real performances, an American (Matt Damon) who plays a Bolivian is a clumsy trait - it's good, but after so much care in casting, this was an over-site. Small and completely forgiven. The reality that the rest of the casting gives you, and in particular the extraordinary work of Benicio Del Toro, is the film at the top of my list. <br /> <br /> The fact that this film went almost straight to the video says it is something like the ethics of the cold war that would never have allowed "revolutionized Cuba" to become what it could have, it is still at work keeping his story quiet. If not for clandestine attenuation, then for the effects of the appropriately correct propaganda that has affected this argument. <br /> <br /> This is a movie not to be missed, and "Che Guevara: A Revolutionary Life" by Jon Anderson is a must read if you want to start catching the first effects on the global mindset about the expansion of moves of international / political financial chess from the 40s, 50s and 60s that put unjust pressures on our South American neighbors and on the effects favored.
