Perhaps the most brilliant thing about Che: the second part, when we begin to integrate it with the first part in our minds, is that there is no explanation as to why Che chose to leave Cuba confidentially after the revolution, no allusion to his experience in the Congo, no clarification as to why he chose Bolivia as his next setting for a coup, no allusion to the political decisions he made as a young biker through South America, which Walter Salles has given remarkable familiarity. Particular attention is given to Che meeting the volunteers who accompany his guerrilla factions. Yet almost no effort is made to identify them as individuals, to establish relationships involved. It is reasonably unreasonable. Che guide an indissoluble doctrine to leave no wounded man behind. But there is no feeling that he is deeply interested in his men. It's the concept. <br /> <br /> In the first part, in Cuba, the rebels are welcomed by the villagers, given food and cover, supported in what becomes a victorious revolution. Here, in Bolivia, not much understanding is evident. The villagers expose it. They protect government troops, not his own. When it exposes the unilaterality of the government medical system, its public appears disinterested. You can't lead a people to revolution if they don't want to conform. Soderbergh shows US military advisers working with the Bolivians, but does not criticize the United States for the collapse of Che. Che seems to have just disfigured his fight and the place where he wanted to have it. <br /> <br /> In showing both wars, Soderbergh does not build his battle scenes as actions with specific results. Che's men attack and are attacked. They exchange fire with distant assailants. There is usually a cut to the group in the aftershock, whose death toll has not been suspended. This is not a war movie. This is a man's reasonably unreasonable urge to endure. There is no elaborate cinematography. Soderbergh looks firmly at Che's inflexible dedication. There are noticeable sporadic visceral blows, but being few they are even more powerful, like Che's POV shot during his last beats. There is an abundance of land, where these men live for weeks at a time, and the omnipotent effect is one of languor, Guevara himself who has the malaria part of the time. <br /> <br /> Benicio Del Toro, one of the film's producers, offers the performance of a champion, also because he is modest. He is not portrayed as the greatest of epic heroes. In Cuba, he sets out to conquer, in Bolivia, falls backwards, and sometimes it is actually difficult to distinguish behind a tangle of beard and hair. Del Toro illustrates not so much an identity as an attitude. You may think the film is too long. I think there is a real cause for its breadth. Guevara's business in Cuba and particularly in Bolivia was not a sequence of episodes and sketches, but a feat of maintaining the power that could virtually be called crazy. In the end, Che as a whole or in parts is a commercially foolish film, in which its director begins to understand the innate limits in the cinematographic biography and to work progressively within these means.
