Part II or previously known as GUERILLA, is also a great achievement, but not as fun as PART I because this is where we start to witness what could have caused Che Guevara's fall and death. Once again, I am impressed by the cause and effect that both parties have in their interconnection stories. We are reminded again and again that the main character, Che Guevara is an Argentine. Some of the men in Fidel's army have chosen not to take orders from a Stranger and now that Che has chosen to leave the comfort of victory to continue the revolutionary in Bolivia, he does not get much respect from his new army and the natives, only because he is a foreigner. <br /> <br /> As a technician, I think the second part would have been more useful if first of all, immediately after viewing the map, it showed some highlights of the previous installment just to refresh the memory on its characters and on what he's committed to doing, to make the public understand why his methods have been successful in Cuba, but they don't work in Bolivia. It is now clear in this segment that Che is not as charismatic as Fidel Castro. In Bolivia, it has to do with a group of soldiers whose hearts are not fully involved. It is said that the revolutionary ingredient is love ... well, they don't give a damn about their country, so it's a hard sell. It is terribly painful and difficult for you to get others to buy in your vision. <br /> <br /> I like a particular scene that illustrates Che's deteriorating condition, a scene in which his horse wouldn't go, no matter how badly he tries to direct it, and then his character took the better on him and for a moment there, he forgets he is a doctor, and becomes this desperate soldier who is stabbing his own horse. His army is like a horse that does not want to be guided. But at the same time, the film draws, is based on small cameos with familiar faces that you will recognize only for fun and for the most part, you are hit left and right by one obstacle after another, but perhaps this is the intention of Part II, if so .. then it certainly works. A standing ovation to cinematography that gives us a first-person view at the time of Che's last breath. This film might not answer the questions about why Che Guevara was so stubborn, why he was so determined that he could make it even if the odds were against him and why he wanted South America to have the same fate as Cuba, but the film THAT is a story that is worth telling.
