I am surprised that I actually had the courage to watch the bio-film or the movie "Che: Parts 1 & 2". Why? Because if my exiled Cuban parents had ever discovered that they had seen this movie about this despicable mass murderer of the Cuban revolution, I would have been rooted for life. Hey wait? I am an adult, no mas can take root. The director Steven Soderbergh, and newbie commie (I'm sorry Steven, but I had to take the shots of Soder here) divides the film into two parts about the revolutionary life of Commander Ernesto "Che" Guevara. "Che: Part 1" shows how Che in the mid-1950s joined Fidel Castro's guerrilla warfare in their revolutionary quest to overthrow the regime of Cuban President Fulgencio Batista; which as we all know was a revolutionary success for them, but a gigantic guerrilla war for many Cubans who rebelled against communism. "Che: Part 2" presents Who is trying to revolutionize the t-shirt industry by putting t-shirts with his horrible shaving face on to t-shirt manufacturers. OK, I'm talking a lot of crap to your street! I meant to say that the "Che: Part 2" focuses on the Che at the end of the 1960s trying to bring back the revolution, this time in a poverty-poor Bolivia, but with very different results. Indeed, Che ended up being dead meat of enchelada when he was captured and killed by the Bolivian militia in 1967. Soderbergh does not include the intermediate time of those two cases in the life of Che when he commanded the deplorable prison of the La Cabana Fortress in Cuba, where he massively killed many Cubans who opposed the communism And this is where I think Soderbergh has made a cinematic injustice by not showing viewers how grim Guevara really was. I decided to see "Che" in the hope that Soderbergh would not honor him, but instead present how much he was really disturbed. Soderbergh did not do the second and sadly decided to present Guevara as a revolutionary hero, which was not. He was a sick man who, thank God, is now probably at the bottom of the devil's barrel. Now, I must be an observer and must admit that Benicio Del Toro's performance as Che was extremely authoritative and worthy of merit. And that Demian Bichir was a haunting like Fidel Castro in his meticulous performance. But the rest of the cast of "Che" consisted mainly of mediocre performances by actors depicting Guerrilla soldiers. And as much as I admire Matt Damon, why did Sodebergh throw him into the revolutionary mix in a Spanish-language cameo that portrays a Bolivian delegate? Soderbergh did not have to present this biopic which is mostly "too much talk and not enough action" in 4 hours and 30 minutes. We've already drunk too much of Che, even posthumously with those ridiculous T-shirts, so why give us too much more than him? But I guess when you get the Del Toro by the horns (like you did here with Steven), I think it's your saving grace not to completely execute "Che: Parts 1 and 2". *** Average
