I came to see Guerrilla, second part of the biopic of Steven Soderbergh by Che Guevara, without having seen the previous film and without more than a superficial knowledge of Che's life. At the same time I was rather worried that this would be a heavy history lesson and an unrepentant love letter to the iconic revolutionary. Apparently, this film has far exceeded my expectations. <br /> <br /> Guerrilla works very well as an independent film. The story of Che's failed attempt to lead a revolution in Bolivia, therefore under military rule, is a compelling tragedy. The initial impulse brought by Che's arrival in disguise to lead the guerrilla is lost because the misfortune follows misfortune. The odds pile up against the revolutionaries. US support for the Bolivian army, hostile rainforest conditions, suspect residents and Che's insufficient health are just some of the difficulties that plague the nascent rebellion. <br /> <br /> Soderbergh's portrait of Che is largely uncritical, but this film is not hagiography. The style is pleasantly non-dramatic, with a subtle and effective soundtrack by Alberto Iglesias that adds drama to many scenes. Which is undoubtedly the center of the film, but there are very few close-ups of his face and we are encouraged to see people fighting alongside him and sometimes even against him. Where Soderbergh wishes to demonstrate the virtues of Che we see him in small episodes as the faithful acolyte who reproaches two guerrilla companions when they question Che's leadership, and underlines the sacrifice he made by leaving Cuba behind to fight again for the revolution . > <br /> The direction is superb. The second part is strongly modified despite its close concentration and is able to communicate a lot through images without the need for a narrator to explain things to the public. At the beginning of the film we see some short pieces of sumptuous parties in post-revolutionary Cuba, immediately giving us ideas about why He would sacrifice his old life to fight again in another country. Later, the portrayal of guerrillas traversing the endless rainforests stands out as an extraordinarily beautiful scene and helps create a sense of the enormity of the task before this small band of revolutionaries. <br /> <br /> If there is a problem with the film it is the distance between the viewer and Che, which, although it allows us to appreciate the context of the insurrection and the people around it, makes it difficult for us understand him better as a person. True, Benicio Del Toro is absolutely convincing in the lead role ?? so much so that it is difficult to remember that you are looking at an actor and not the man himself. However, watching Guerrilla as an independent film means that we are given a precious vision of what is shaping Che's thoughts, words and actions. It is to be hoped that this is more important in the first part of Soderbergh's biopic (I cannot comment on it yet), and certainly the strength of the second part is making me impatient to see the prequel.
