I sat in both parts of Che last night, again with a short break in the bathroom, and I can't remember when 4 hours passed so quickly. I had to get back in shape for a week in advance because I have a real "thing" about directors, producers and publishers who continue to blow me up for long, almost epic in front of us and I feel that, overall, 2 to 2.5 hours it's right for a movie. So 4 hours seemed to stretch the limits of my tolerance and I was very doubtful about the whole business. But I will say in advance that this is beautifully ?? Could I say lovingly ?? made film and I'm really glad I saw it. Director Steven Soderbergh congratulates him on the clarity of his vision. The battle scenes gypsy as if you were dodging bullets. <br /> <br /> If there is a person on the planet who does not know, Ernesto 'Che' Guevara was the Argentine doctor who helped Fidel Castro overthrow Fulgencio Batista through the Cuban revolution of 1959. When I was a kid in the 1960s, the image of Che was everywhere; on wall posters in bedrooms, on t-shirts, on magazine covers. The image of Che must be one of the most exploited of all time. If the famous images are to be invoked, then Che was a good-looking guy, the epitome of revolutionary romanticism. If he had had a bad joke, I wonder if he would have been so popular in the public imagination? Of course dying helps young people. <br /> <br /> The films were made on Che prima (in particular the excellent 2004 Motorcycle Diaries that played the unbearable Gael Garcia Bernal in the role of the young Che, touring South America and seeing poverty endemic that formed its Marxist politics) but I don't think anyone has ever faced the whole story from beginning to end, and this two parter is an ambitious project. I hope it's good for Soderbergh but I can only imagine that immediate commercial success was not the most important in his mind. <br /> <br /> The first film (The Agentine) shows What Meets Castro in Mexico and follows their journey to Cuba to start the revolution and then the trip to New York in 1964 to face the United Nations. The black and white images taken with intelligence seem to be contemporary films, but they are not. The second film (Guerilla) resumes again in 1966 when Che arrives in Bolivia to start a new revolutionary movement. The second film takes place almost entirely in the forest. As far as I can see, it was mainly shot in Spain, but I can still believe that it must have been rather grueling to film. Benicio Del Toro is excellent as Che, a part that seems born to play. <br /> <br /> Personally, I felt that The Argentine (ie the first part) was much easier to look at and more "funny" in the film strictly sense, because it is optimistic. They are winning; the revolution will succeed Il Che is in its element that leads a disparate band of peasants, workers and intellectuals in the revolutionary cause. The second part is much more difficult to look at due to the inevitability of his defeat. In much the same way that the recent Valkyrie - despite being a good movie - was an exercise in witnessing a heroic failure, so I felt the same for the second part of Che (Guerilla). We know from the beginning that he dies, we know he fails. It is frustrating because the way the story is told is obvious soon enough that the fomentation of the revolution in Bolivia is doomed; Che is considered a foreign intruder and fails to connect with indigenous peoples in the way he did with Cubans. He persistently persisted that it is frustrating to watch because I felt he should know when to surrender and move on to other, perhaps more successful, ventures. The film doesn't romanticize him too much. He kills people, performs, struggles with asthma and follows a lost cause long after he would have to give up and move on, leave a wife alone to raise five children without a father. <br /> <br /> But overall, an excellent exercise in classic cinema. A note; while watching the United States trained Bolivian soldiers move en masse to eliminate Che and his small band of warriors one by one, he reminded me of Butch Cassidy's ending. I almost turned to my husband and I said it, but I hesitated, thinking that he would find these thoughts trivial and out of place. When we left the theater, he turned to me and said "You didn't think the end was like Butch Cassidy ????????????!"
