Many reviews I've read reveal that many people tend to like the first part better than the second. I feel exactly the opposite. The first part played a bit with trying to find different ways to show Che Guevara's personality through different types of films, different places and the cut back and forth between an interview and the Cuban revolution. For the most part it has been structured with precision but somehow distracting. In the second part, Who enters Bolivia, and together with the change of the geographical position, the rules and the structure change. The space jumps and the transition between stocks, the "documentary realism" and the treaties are over. Instead, we are now literally trapped with the Che in a desaturated and depopulated landscape where the only people who exist are burdened too far from their lives to do anything but survival. I think it's the dark turn of the life of Che is the real reason that most people prefer Part One to Second. <br /> <br /> The change of geographical position also indicates, for me, that Che: Part One and Che: the second part are, in fact, the second two acts of a three-act structure initiated by Motorcycle Diaries. The motorcycle journals are the coming of Che's (or, more appropriately, the coming of ideals) in Argentina, Che: the first part is his military guide to Cuba, and Che: the second part is his downfall in Bolivia . These films do not completely illustrate his life (we lack his experiences in Guatamala and, more importantly in my opinion, his post-Cuban revolutionary performances), but they create a very detailed exploration of the controversial aspects of his character and his nature world symbol. Both symbolize idealism and the need for armed resistance to oppression, and revolutionary failures in post-World War II third world countries and their obstacle by such activities, such as, um, the CIA's interference. <br /> <br /> But, once again, all this is projected on the screen in this case, not through long scenes of dialogue and speech, but through a much more intimate and suffering portrait of Che at the end of his thread and his life. Once again, the rules have changed, and in this case it is difficult to say if there was any chance of success. The number of times the camera shows people literally trapped between a rock and a hard place and the long and desaturated long traps involve the public in the narration of people imprisoned in a hostile landscape, an existential hell, where revolutionary beliefs end to take second place level to the desperation of the hunted people who die of hunger. It is not easy to watch a movie, but it is very effective. <br /> <br /> --PolarisDiB
