Following directly from where the plot broke off in the first part, the second part that begins to tell the inevitable ruin and the much sadder side of the man's legacy is exactly such. In direct contrast to the first feature film, the second part represents a shift from Che the pride and glory of a revolutionized country to the liberating Che-fighter of a country to which he has no previous ties. The change of setting is not only aesthetic; from the autumn and spring grays of the woods comes a change of tone and heart to the feature, which replaces the predecessor's optimism with a cynical, battered and bruised reality aligned to a whole new struggle. Still, how would he continue to say himself? is such a struggle best told exactly like that? A fight. While the first part certainly helped document the initial drive for power that the revolutionary guerrilla has acquired through this, the second part takes a much more refined, insensitive and insignificant segment of Che's life and ambition, and gives a portrait assertive that is both touching and tragic in a tangible way, easy to understand. <br /> <br /> While the film's tone in some respects moves away and differs quite dramatically from the first part, however, the same documented approach adopted a month ago that avoids melodrama and fabrication as much as possible remains. This approach, a bit distant and cold, to tell the story and fight of Che will undoubtedly lead some spectators away; indeed, I still remain reserved on the fact that the feature itself should or should not be named after a man, if anything, the set of Che, considered as a whole, provides a story that goes beyond mere biography and instead documents the struggle of a man alongside those who helped bring him along the way. Soderbergh absolutely does not intend to paint a humanistic portrait similar to what Hirschbiegel did with Der Untergang half a decade ago (excuse the ironic contrast); That is a slow, reserved and meditative approach to tell a history lesson that is just narrated by the only man who, arguably, has directed the whole thing. <br /> <br /> Yet moving from the lush green landscapes of Cuba and retreating into the dark and decadent backdrop of Bolivia for the second part, history inevitably takes on a distinctly contrasting tone that does not feel too disconnected from its predecessor, but does enough to give him his points of reference. Here, the basic structure of the first part is echoed: there is the initial struggle, the battles, the fallen comrades and the recruitment of those who replace them, while we see some glimpses of the man behind the movement. And yet, as anyone who has the slightest idea of ​​the real story behind the film will know, the second part is destined to end on a much more overwhelming and disturbing note. This difference, combined with the similarities with the first part, makes an all engaging and memorable; by all means, both could be digested one of them (and congratulations to Soderbergh for achieving it as such) and enjoyed as they are, but taken as a statement, which offers exactly what it aims to achieve. <br /> <br /> Indeed, all that made the Part One the gift that was a month earlier is still evident here from the subtle but compelling performances from the central cast to the slow building, realistically structured fighting scenes ?? the drama inherent in the characters on the screen is just as vague and indiscernible, but with a characteristic like this, the second part shows once again that avoiding such elements does not necessarily damage a film when there is enough plot and reflection on other elements to keep the engaged spectator. In fact, writing this review I disagreed about simply adding a paragraph or two to my initial review for the first part, and naming the review as a whole, but I felt that doing so would only serve to disillusion those who can sit for watch the entirety of both films consecutively. <br /> <br /> Having said that, I cannot properly decree whether the one who holds the task of engaging an audience for his sprawling four hours plus runtime, but after viewing both segments I can at least attest to the capacity of each part of doing just that. With a reflective and intricate script combined with an infinitely hypnotic photograph and nuanced performances that do justice to the film's characters without drawing attention to themselves, Che Part Two is just as compelling and rewarding as its predecessor, but this time with a tragic but edifying, reaffirming the appropriate conclusion for the film's history pages. <br /> <br /> - A review by Jamie Robert Ward (http://www.invocus.net)
