The second part resumes ... not where the last movie was interrupted. As part of the quasi-conventionality of Steven Soderbergh's epic 4-hour event, Che's two stories are told as classic "Rise" and "Fall" scenarios. In the second part, Che Guevara, leaving his post as bureaucrat in Cuba and after a failed attempt in the Congo (only mentioned in the film in passing), goes down to Bolivia to try to start another revolution through the jungle. Things do not go well planned at all, probably due to the notoriety of Che as a communist and revolutionary, and partly due to America's involvement with the Bolivian government, and, of course, that Castro was not "really around as a support for Che. <br /> <br /> As it goes, the second part of Che is sadder, but somehow wiser than the first part, which makes sense, since Guevara has to endure a low morale from his men, betrayals on the part of those around him, constant errors on the part of grunts and neighboring peasants and, ultimately, the military force that surrounds them, but what is even sadder is that Guevara, regardless of what you might see this as an incredible force or a fatal flaw, perhaps both, but it is also clear how you start to see Che, if not completely more completely rounded, then as something of a more sympathetic character. , has uc ciso and executed and felt justified to the end. Yet he begins to work on the spectator in the sense of a primordial level of piety; the sequence in which Guevara's health deteriorates without medicine, which leads to the ferocious stabbing of a horse, marks one of the most memorable and satisfying films of this year. <br /> <br /> Once again, the command of Soderbergh's narrative is strong, if, at times, a little lazy (understandable because of the great execution time), and one or two scenes feel totally strange (Matt Damon?), But these are minor liabilities. Going this time for the direct approach with the color camera, this is almost like a pure militia style picture of war, told with great care for the men of the group, like Guevara like the Lord, for this group, and how the things are reduced in the final scene. And as always, Del-Toro is at the top of his game, in every scene, every beat knows this guy so well, for better or for worse, that comes as close as possible to the realization. Overall, the two parts of Che constitute an impressive package: the story as a drama in a compelling style, good for an audience even if they don't know Che or, better, if they don't think much of it. It's so special. 8.5 / 10
