Ironically, the most talked-about American film of the 2008 New York Film Festival is 98% in Spanish. The controversy over the extra long film began at the Cannes Film Festival. There were hate-love notices and considerable doubts about commercial prospects. As a consolation, the star, Benicio Del Toro, received the award for Best Actor. I'm talking about "Che" by Steven Soderbergh, obviously. This is the name he is following in this version, shown in New York as in Cannes in two 2-hour segments with no opening credits or credits. 'Che' is certainly appropriate since Ernesto "Che" Guevara is present in almost all the scenes. Del Toro is impressive, reliably hung through thick and thin, from days of glorious victory in the first part to months of humiliating defeat in the second part, captivating and likeable in all its various manifestations, even disguised as a bald and hairy man to break in in Bolivia. It is an exceptional performance; he hopes he has a better setting. <br /> <br /> If you have enough patience to sit for over four hours, with an interval between the two sections, there are prizes. There is an authentic feeling in everything - fortunately Soderbergh made the decision to shoot in Spanish (although some of the actors, strangely particularly in the English segments, are made of wood). You have a good idea of ​​how the guerrilla, the Che style, were like: teaching, recruiting campesinos, morality, discipline, difficulties and fighting - as well as the gradual morphing of Che as a full-fledged company doctor military in all respects. The use of a new 35mm "35mm RED high-performance digital camera, barely available in time for filming, allowed DP Peter Andrews and his crew to produce slightly cold images, but at times still singing, and they are always sharp and fluid. <br /> <br /> The film is divided into two parts: Soderbergh calls them two "films" and the plan is to publish them commercially as such. The first is "The Argentine", which describes the leadership of Che in the jungle and in the city fights that led to the fall of Havana in the late 1950s, and the second is "Guerrilla", and concerns the failed effort of the That almost a decade later in Bolivia to lead a revolution, a fruitful mission that led to the capture and execution of Guevara in 1967. The second part would be the original film, it was written first and, I believe, shot first. Producer Laura Bickford states that the second part is more of a thriller, while the first part is more of an action film with important battle scenes. Yes, but both sides have a lot in common - too much - since both spend most of their time following the guerrillas through a harsh country. Guerrilla an absolute downless as the Bolivian revolt was condemned from the beginning. The group of Cubans who tried to lead him did not receive a friendly reception from the Bolivian campesinos, who suspected foreigners, and thought of the Cuban communists as rapists without god. There is a third part, a kind of black and white celebratory interval composed by Che's speech to the United Nations in 1964 and interviews with him at that time, but this is inter-cut in the first segment. The first part also has Fidel and is much more optimistic, as for the victory in Santa Clara of 1959 that led to the fall of the dictatorship of Fulgencio Batista in Cuba. <br /> <br /> During "Guerrilla" I kept thinking like could work as a quality European-style miniseries, which could start with an abridged version of Walter Salles's "Motorcycle Diaries" and take us to Guevara's fatal meeting with Fidel in Mexico and enlistment in the 26th of July Movement. There could be much more about his vast travels and his diplomatic missions. This is far from the complete image of man, from his interest in children's chess, from his interest in poetry throughout his life, from the books he wrote; even his international fame is only touched. And what about his tough and cruel side? Indeed what Soderbergh is most interested in is not Che, but revolution and guerrilla warfare. The lasting impression that the 4 hours spend is to cross woods and jungle with wounded and sick men and women and an idealistic dedication to the cause of the end of the tyranny of the rich. Someone mentioned that he remembered "The Tin Red Line" by Terrence Malick, and yes, the tortuous, episodic approach to battle is similar; but 'The Thin Red Line' has stronger characters (almost no one emerges strongly beyond Che), and it's a really good movie. This is an impressive but unfinished and unfortunate endeavor. <br /> <br /> This heavily sought after 8-year-old gestational love work (how many other Oceans must come to pay for it?) is a project vanity, too long for a regular theatrical distribution and too short for a miniseries. Radical editing - or the biggest expansion - would become something more successful, and since it is a long slogan, especially in the second half. <br /> <br /> It is clear that this slogging could have been cut down, although it is not so clear what form the film would have taken, but with any luck it could have been quite good.
