Neatly jumping everything from the coup in Cuba to its incognito entry into Bolivia, the second part of Soderbergh's portrait of Che Guevara is that of the tragic hero. How with the Che ?? First part, this rather rambling guerrilla escaped through the colorful mountains of Bolivia is likely to disappoint more people than it satisfies, so why was the film (and in particular Benicio Del Toro's performance) praised so much in Cannes? <br /> <br /> James Rocchi, for example, defined it, a work of art that is "not only the story of a revolutionary", but "a revolution in and of itself". Guardian Peter Bradshaw called it an "imperfect masterpiece". Return to my original contention for the first part ?? that the value lies above all in the depiction of a hero figure. And in an age in which there is an excess of role models of poor heroes, could it not be healthy to see one strongly honorable, even if deprived of some of the less captivating episodes of his life? This is the psychological hero guarded by the great Scottish essayist, Thomas Carlyle, in his fundamental book, Heroes and Hero Worship. Heroes can be real or imaginary (or somewhere in the middle). But it should really inspire us to higher goals, a higher purpose. Compare this to the unrealistic "heroes" of the standard Western narrative: where does a person undergo trials and tribulations before getting a barely credible reward? usually eternal love or material wealth? as if by divine intervention of the study. The real heroes have an excess of moral courage ?? Not lost ark, devil-diabolical or James Bond superheroes. They get up and give power to others to get up, to be the best they can be. In the first part, What happens. In the second part, it fails. It is not for lack of moral courage, but since a) not all good plans can succeed and b) be human, errors are inevitable. <br /> <br /> Guevara's intellectual clarity is imperfect when he equates the conditions that justify the armed struggle with conditions that make possible the success of the armed struggle. It is a serious miscalculation. <br /> <br /> High in the mountains from La Paz, the colors are breathtaking. There is an air of mise-en-scene authenticity that was sometimes lacking in Che-Part One (the United States would not have allowed Soderbergh to film in Cuba.) The visual tricks are enhanced by maximizing natural light and the extreme flexibility and realism offered with the revolutionary RED Cameras. This is a high-performance digital movie camera with 35mm film quality and the convenience of pure digital. Designed for flexibility and functionality, the package weighs only 9 pounds. "Shooting with RED is like listening to the Beatles for the first time," says Soderbergh. "RED sees my way of seeing ... so organic, so beautifully attuned to the most natural of light phenomena." If Che had stopped with the successful Cuban revolution, he would have wrapped him in an almost mystical invincibility. The fact that he fails in Bolivia proves not only that he has human limits, but that his moral virtues are remembered, not the political triumph. Critics will say ?? and with some justification - that his armed struggle inspired much less noble characters to get tin dictatorships. His development of guerrilla tactics is neither good nor bad in itself (and has since been used for both). <br /> <br /> But despite its laudability, the film often seems devoid of dramatic and narrative tensions. We slip from one escapade to another, knowing that in the end he will meet his death. I found myself looking at the clock and thought it might be shorter. But the work that went into this ?? interviews with people from all sides and even get one of Guevara's former comrades to educate the actors on the minutiae of Bolivian operations? make the film a commendable achievement. It may not be top-flight entertainment, but it demonstrates integrity in documenting a significant slice of history. <br /> <br /> There is also another very important point in the figure of Che's hero here. It's about failure. That if you try your best, even if you fail, your effort will not have been in vain because it could give hope and moral courage to others. One could cynically call it a complex "martyr", and it is found, of course, also in many religious figures. But Che does not "sacrifice" himself. He does what he does best, to the best of his non-reckless abilities, and so he gives an example. Success or failure in any particular case becomes simple details. <br /> <br /> With the historic and illegal blockade of Cuba in the United States (all in the name of "freedom"), I am tempted to write what parts 1 and 2 are too good to be wasted in the United States. But it would be to invite a contention that the film has tried so seriously to avoid. It is to be hoped that many viewers have the ability to see Che without the politics and the prejudice that inevitably generates. Whatever his faults, he rehabilitates Soderbergh from the populist absurdities of Oceans 11. <br /> <br /> But if you've never heard of Che Guevara or you've seen the first part, or you can't get over the phrase "homicide "Marxist" without smashing the mouth, I could struggle to imagine what you would get from this movie. The same can be said for many who have, and can.
