Now, I have to admit, I'm not such an ardent student. In fact, I have always tried to distance myself from westerns because, despite their critical cachet like American stories (or anything else), it seems to me that one is dedicated forever to exhausting reconstructions of both "shooting the stars". Injun, "" the great firefight "or" Hey, let's form a team! "In other words, it has always seemed to me such a deep-rooted and conventionally linked genre, to leave a precious space for surprise or originality. (And yes, I saw at least some of the so-called" big "ones, and I put them without excuses in this negative assessment - including Stagecoach, Rio Bravo, My Darling Clementine and of course the infamous [but deeply boring] Clint Eastwood -Sergio Leone teamups in the 60s. <br /> <br /> But when I saw this movie on TV - as part of a memorial weekend of Jimmy Stewart at his death - I finally GOT IT: I understood, at least in theory, what western myths have to offer as a serious thematic concern (apart from just chills and actions). It is the impetus between lawlessness and order, the American West represented freedom, but also the perspective of the savage, of the savage. Respectable people could get hurt out there, which, of course, meant that maybe - just maybe - it wasn't pe nsato for respectable people, and that the only residents had to be the amoral and shifty, those who dispensed justice strictly from the barrel of their revolvers and where they killed or were killed would never be the law of the land. In such an environment, of course, the real heroes are those who are rich enough in a free spirit to be out there in the first place (and therefore reject "society", at least as manifested on the east coast), yet they have enough sense of justice to believe that a society based on chaos and fear is not JUST. Capturing and examining this disparity between law and disorder is, I believe (after seeing this film), the highest and truest objective of any Westerner. Unfortunately, this is often not the case, given that the white hats are completely white, the black ones completely black (and we don't even talk about Indians, ok) and there are precious shades of gray in the middle. <Br /> <br /> Not in this. Jimmy Stewart plays a paladin of fortune who follows in the footsteps of the miners before him in the wilds of Alaska to look for gold. This is joined by his lifelong companion, played by Walter Brennan (perhaps the Western cliché character to end them all - but still pleasant here, as always) - and no one else. Apparently, I'm out for themselves, and while Stewart shows his patented charm (come on, we could never really appreciate the guy, now could we?), We remain with little doubt that his is basically a self-centered, self-character interested: none of his "Gosh" or "Oh golly gee" is allowed to humanize. Or, rather, it must be EARNED, by the end of the photo, in the way I described above. He must confront himself with the illegality in himself and ponder it against the need for order and justice that are so blatantly lacking in the border town that serves as the point of departure for the miners on their trail of gold dust. This city is ruled by its evil sheriff, Mr. Gannon, played by John McIntire in one of the best "bad boy" performances I've ever seen. It comes with so much charm and humor, and has such a relaxed and interesting relationship with Stewart, that it actually takes a while to recognize that * is * the bad - so that when it ends up sinking, it does so with double force . Furthermore, by establishing a type of breezy (if necessarily guarded) comradeship between McIntire and Stewart, the film plays on the notion of how close they are in the temperament they are actually in - and therefore how far a moral distance Stewart has to travel by the end of the film . <br /> <br /> I will not go through all the twists and turns of the plot - look at those for yourself (as well as the rugged and beautiful scenery of Alaska - filmed on the spot, mind you, not cheaply painted frames that the studio invented). What is fundamental here is how much this story focuses on the character, with the dialogue and the interaction of the characters that most often replace the gun, even if the film has enough action and adventure to prevent it from being static (read: "talky"). Surely one of the greatest interpretations I have seen from Stewart, which shows that he could play the renegade, the "man of the man" as convincingly as the honest and honest boy next door. If anything, in fact, his "men's" qualities give more strength to his characterization, making it seem less mythical or exaggerated - like, for example, Eastwood or John Wayne - and more a three-dimensional character. His relationship with Brennan is well interpreted: discreet, but still moving (with a weak suggestion from George and Lenny of "Of Mice and Men" - a completely different type of "western"). <br /> <br /> I certainly have more Westerners to see, but this is for now my favorite and the yardstick by which I will necessarily judge everyone else. It deserves to be much better known and appreciated than it is.
