From the directors who brought us The March of the Penguins, I imagine he came up with many expectations for The Fox and the Child. From the rigid winters of the South Pole to the luxuriant wild nature in France, the narrative now becomes part of the documentary and partly fable, which tells the friendship between the two titular characters, Renard the fox and his friendship with the child who baptized him , played by Bertille Noel-Beuneau. <br /> <br /> The story is frankly simple enough, and sometimes this movie would have resembled the many Japanese movies that children-various animals strike after a friendship is developed, and how they go around each other, facing the respective adversaries and the like. Here, the child meets the elegant fox near his home in the mountains, which offers a lot of perfect perfect postcard shots that a filmmaker will have to go overdrive to capture. <br /> <br /> But while we indulge in a melancholy scenario, the characters fail to establish that level of trust from the beginning, and we have to wait a few seasons before and 45 minutes before they find a leveler in the food. The child tries persistently to reach a bond with the goal of taming the creature for his own fun, but the fox, well, like other notions of course. While I thought the narrative was rather weak, unlike March of the Penguins, which has a human narrative interpretation of what is happening on the screen, what excels here were the documentary elements of the film, which traced life and fox times as a predator, and a prey. <br /> <br /> Between the two, the latter was given more tension and drama, especially when it came to traditional enemies like wolves, and granted, those sequences were quite intense especially when the child had become entangled in it . Otherwise, it was easy to go sailing and a bit boring while the two enjoyed playing, in those shots that you know have undergone some film editing. There were surprisingly dark moments in the film that weren't really suitable for children, as those who were in the same room waited for him screaming suddenly, so parents, you could take note and don't let your child disturb the rest of the film-goers . <br /> <br /> As a film, I would have preferred it to be a complete documentary, The March of the Penguins, but I imagine that the way he was resentful, he probably had the goal of warning us not to get involved with nature and that some things are not meant to be, and should remain so. A decent film that relied on the strength of the chemistry between Bertille Noel-Bruneau and the multiple foxes who played Renard.
