THE FOX AND THE CHILD is the latest film by filmmaker MARCH OF THE PENGUINS, the French Luc Jacquet. The film, which boasts only one human being in the cast, the young actress Bertille Noël-Bruneau, tells the story of the rather rare, though apparently credible relationship between a child and a wild fox. <br /> <br /> documentary on nature and partial fairy tale, the film focuses on the infant, the child, who one day on his way to school meets the path of a wild fox in a picturesque setting, perhaps in France , even if the exact position is never mentioned. In the following weeks the child revisits the place where he found his hopeful fox that one of these days will see the fox, which she starts calling Lily once again. And so on. The days turn into weeks, then summer disappears, turning into autumn and then winter, promoting a superb cinematography of the white winter landscape. In the end, spring returns again, and the small child finds its fox, and in fact makes friends with the animal. And so on. <br /> <br /> I had little or no expectation for THE FOX AND THE CHILD. I had seen MARCH OF THE PENGUINS and I was simply terrified by the making of the film contained in that film. Luc Jacquet is an extremely talented, and indeed rare, filmmaker, and I expected a superb, breathtaking cinematography, breathtaking views and exceptional wildlife footage. This was delivered to spades. But here Jacquet has a credit for the script, and not knowing anything about the film before the screening, I was expecting something slightly different from what had been seen previously in "March". A fantasy story. <br /> <br /> The child and the fox And the story is simple. An apparently lonely young child lives in a house in the middle of nowhere and walks to school, apparently alone, every day, seemingly without care in a seemingly perfect world. Without the hint of an adult in sight. Brilliant. So she makes a friendship with a fox. <br /> <br /> With a film like this, you must reject your opinion of the film and put yourself in the target audience's shoes. This is a film addressed directly to children from the age of, I would say, six and beyond. Or families who want a trip to the cinema with their race on a wet Sunday afternoon. Not a 31-year-old male who gets his kicks from films like the recent, brilliant WANTED and the like. But, being the London-based newbie critic, I put myself in the shoes of an excited eight-year-old girl for about 95 minutes of THE FOX AND THE CHILD. Now, I have some problems with this movie. As a 31-year-old boy, and a true lover of all that is cinematographic, I loved nature and landscape photography. It is visually stunning. The direction of the animal characters is brilliantly executed - as can be found in one of Attenborough's efforts. Being a fascinating, brief attention of eight years, I loved the first half hour - then I lost interest. It is a bit repetitive and in some places rather terrifying and bloody for a younger child, particularly the rather dark finish. As a 31 year old male - I was a little scared in some places. Wuss. <br /> <br /> So, it's not a children's movie. It's not really a movie for adults and I felt a little disappointed. It's a good family movie. It depends. It is educational, perhaps, and the film carries a message. It is certainly not a film that I would pay for the hard-earned green to go and see and I'm tormenting myself to try to recommend it to a certain type of spectator. It's difficult, but I know that some will go to see and fall in love with this movie. He is very European in feeling and certainly if you are a fan of wildlife-themed films, try it. Uncertain? Well, then I would wait for the DVD for a wet Sunday afternoon. - Paul Heath, http://www.thehollywoodnews.com, July 2008.
