I really loved this movie and I don't think I was terribly disappointed. Being a teacher of American history, I felt the obligation, almost, to see this film and as for the story, it was not bad. Of course, there were some mistakes here and there (especially with the timeline - the film seemed to last only a few months or maybe a year - no more than six years of real fighting), but the general spirit of the film and the battle sequences were excellent. Unfortunately, the film also included a rather insignificant subplot that implied a difficult love story between a poor patriot and a rich loyalist. For the most part, it really helped to distract from the general plot and seemed "attached" - as a plot device instead of a true honest love story. In fact, given that much of the love story was reduced to the mute cliché of "love at first sight", it was a bit annoying the more I thought about it. <br /> <br /> However, despite this love story, the film is really interesting and inspiring --- plus, in many ways it seems that the film later, THE PATRIOT, has been copied from this film by Griffith !!! Both films have followed the exploits of an evil leader fighting for the British and using horrible and evil tactics against civilians - and both have the secret intention of using it as a "springboard" to start their nation in America !! ! The only big difference is that this film is set in the North and THE PATRIOT was in the Carolinas. It would certainly have been nice if Mel Gibson and the others had recognized their debt to D. W. Griffith for the ideas of history. It does not seem so probable that the two stories were created independently of one another. <br /> <br /> PS - Although I like this movie and some other Griffith films, it deserves once again "to burn in hell" because the white actors portray all the black servants in the movie! This is a sick and bigoted thing that Griffith did in so many of his films - especially in BIRTH OF A NATION. I have to assume based on this and the way he plays blacks that he was A-OK with slavery and was rather the apologist of this "picturesque institution" (don't get mad at me - this is meant as sarcasm).
