I waited until July 4th to write this why. . . well . . . because it seems right to me to do it on this day. <br /> <br /> In 1924 D.W. Griffith needed a success, he hadn't had a big one from ORPHANS OF THE STORM (1921). From that moment he had worked steadily, but his films had been more limited in scope and had failed to find the right agreement with the public. He was planning a film about Patrick Henry when he was contacted by members of the Daughters of the American Revolution (DAR) who asked him if he could expand his ideas to understand more of the American revolution. This film is the result. When he finished he had a 14-reel history lesson and there was no sign of Patrick Henry anywhere. <br /> <br /> We all know the history of the Revolution, but Griffith threw a love story with Nathan (Neil Hamilton), a patriot farmer, falls in love with the iristocratic Tory Nancy Montague (Carol Dempster, one of the protagonists of Griffith for many years). To complicate matters, Nancy's father hates Nathan. . . Well, not just Nathan, he hates all the rebels. He is not very helpful when, during a skirmish on the streets of Lexington, someone urges him to unload his gun and accidentally injures Nancy's father! <br /> <br /> Paralelling the love story is (mostly true but partly embellished) story of Captain Walter Butler (Lionel Barrymore) a renegade British officer who feels he owes no loyalty to anyone. With thousands of Indians forming the six nations on his side, he hopes to destroy the colonials and become the monarch of his own empire. Comparisons with the birth of a nation (1915) are inevitable. The Montague family could also be the Cameron of the previous film, while Nathan could be part of the Stoneman family. The sequence of the Battle of Bunker Hill is staged very similarly to a scene of BIRTH OF A NATION with the attacking army, in this case the Redcoats, which crowd a trench full of patriots. The only thing missing is Henry Walthall, who is loading up No Man's Land to put a flag in the nose of a cannon. Surprisingly, the battle scenes in America seem to lack the energy of battle scenes in BIRTH and fail to engage the public. Something is missing. It is not a scope, G.W. The work with "Billy" Bitzer's camera is quite good. Perhaps what is missing is. . . I would dare to say it. . sincerity? <br /> <br /> The brutality of Capt. Butler and his men are well highlighted even though most of them occur at close range or off screen. Don't expect that no head is cut off in the foreground as we saw in INTOLERANCE (1916). In a scene, the second in command of Butler, Capt. Hare (Louis Wolhiem) wallows the eyes of a colonist in captivity. We see only the beginning of the action, otherwise the camera focuses on the face of Hare while obviously enjoying it. Lionel had worked with Griffith since 1912. A story tells that he approached Griffith for work and D. W., knowing the reputation of his famous family, said: "I'm not hiring theatrical actors". to which Lionel replied "And I'm nothing like that, sir!" He is a very good and credible villain. Louis Wolhiem appeared with Lionel's older brother, John, three times; in SHERLOCK HOLMES and DR. JEKYLL AND THE MR. HYDE (both from 1920) and later in THE TEMPEST (1927). As Capt. Hare his wild staring eyes and tousled hair not only consider him a villain but make you think he's crazy too. <br /> <br /> Neil Hamilton later observed that America was his first time on horseback and "I was scared to death.". He hides his sorrow very well and we believe it was fairly equestrian when the shooting was over. Mr. Griffith was very much in love with Carol Dempster and at one point asked her to marry him. She refused and soon left her corporation, after which her star status gradually declined. <br /> <br /> Speaking of horses, an accidentally amusing moment that had to be canceled came during the performance of Paul Revere's ride. Guide your horse right on the veranda of a family to announce "To the weapons! The Regulars are coming!" but as he tries to leave the horse he cannot negotiate the steps back and he stumbles overturning his knight on the ground! I'm amazed that Griffith hasn't made another shot. <br /> <br /> Is America a classic? YUP! Don't wait until July 4th to see it, it's fun anytime.
