In 1930, Europe was shocked when Luis Bunuel's "L'Era Dor" came out, provoking a revolt in Paris when it was shown there, with the result that it was banned for something like more than forty years. Three years later, in 1933, when Europe had overcome the shock, it was once again turned to the ear with "Ekstase", a symphony (of sorts) to love. The film was played by a young and unknown German actress named Hedwig Kiesler, who later changed her name to Hedy Lamarr, when she moved to America to escape the madness of Adolf Hitler, like Eva, a young bride who has just married a cold, distant husband without love (played by Emil Jerman), only to find out that he made a serious mistake. A divorce later, Eva is free from running and fantasy and went out one day, immersed in a thin lake, when she discovers Adam, a young and handsome engineer (played by Aribert Mog) who takes a real fantasy for her (and her, he ). After a night of unbridled passion, Eva's ex-husband introduces himself once again, hoping to recapture Eva, only to discover that he now has a rival. I don't want to spoil what transpires. The Czech director, Gustav Machaty (who directed the original version of "Madam X", another parable in the romantic obsession), starts from a script by Jacques Koerpel, Frantisek Horky & Machaty, from the novel by Robert Horky. The film's velvety cinematography (which reminded me of the photographer from Avant Garde, the photos of Man Ray of the time, which refer to an impressionistic use of lights and shadows, a lot) is by Hans Androschin & Jan Stallich). The lively editing of the film is by Antonin Zelenka and the artistic direction of the film, which is aimed at a lush, almost Art Deco look, is by Bohumil Hes). If I have any strangeness about this film, it is the soundtrack, by Giuseppe Becce, which gives an exaggerated, melodramatic sensation, which ages quickly (some themes are repeated over and over again, wearing his welcome, fast - a bit like some of the excessive uses of David Lean of some musical themes, in particular in "Lawrence Of Arabia" and "Dr.Zhivago"). A few years ago, a new restored print consisted of the best source material, assembled together from various existing European prints available, restoring it to what is probably the closest version of what it originally looked like before the Vatican condemned it as "decadent "(yes, right ... as the Church has never done anything wrong), and Hayes's office cut it to the tapes when it was finally released in the United States in 1936, in an approved cut" Hayes Office "(in the same way). Minimal dialogue in German with English subtitles (it was meant to be primarily a visual experience). Not classified, but it contains the infamous scene of immersion of naked skinny Hedy Lamarr (done with taste, mind you) and some suggestions of sexual content (in the same way) that would hardly earn a PG-13 rating, nowadays. It's worth a look if you are interested in European cinema, or Avant Garde / Experimental Cinema
