I can't comment on this film without discussing its meaning for me personally. As a child, ill health prevented me from going to the cinema. I first saw the films at the end of the Second World War through the wonderful book "Film" by Roger Manvilles, which made me so happy when my health began to improve that I wish I could buy another copy to reread today . My introduction to many classic films like The Battleship Potemkin, Drifters (Grierson's magnificent documentary), Metropolis, The Cabinet of Dr Caligari and Ecstasy; came first through this book and later at the art cinema of my university. Ecstasy had suffered the wrath of the Vatican for condemning Eve's desertion of Emil, his subsequent divorce and the brief swim he had taken in buff, but Roger Manville ignored these trivial issues and discussed the film as a triumphant, extraordinarily beautiful, loving visual paean - a vision echoed by many IMDb users. A very lonely young man, when I saw him, I gladly accepted. No further opportunity to see Ecstasy arose until the introduction of home videos - by now it had become a precious memory not to disturb. I recently added Ecstasy to my home video collection and found this evaluation very superficial. Ecstasy is much more than a parable about the continuity of human existence, against which individual lives are insignificant - perhaps a tribute to what Bernard Shaw used in his aggressively agnostic writings to define "The life force". <br /> <br /> Ecstasy portrays a young bride who marries a middle-aged man whose sexual desire is no longer strong. Disappointed, he returns home and divorces him. Immediately afterwards he experiences a strong mutual attraction for a young man he meets while on horseback. He makes love for the first time and is an overwhelming experience. Her ex-husband cannot face rejection and gives the young man a ride in his car with the intention that a passing train will kill them both at a level crossing. But the train stops in time and the apparently ill driver is taken to recover in a nearby hotel where he later commits suicide by shooting himself. After these exciting climatic sequences, an insipid, predictable and almost inevitable ending emphasizes that while individual human lives show joy and tragedy, collective life continues to carry us forward in its flow and only through the contribution to this flow can we be truly happy. This story is trivial, the acting is not more than adequate; and normally such a film would have disappeared in the trash, as most of its contemporaries did long ago. What gave ecstasy its classic status is an exceptional cinematography, a continuous lyric and a loving direction, coupled with something fortuitous, but in cinematographic terms very important - it appeared immediately after the introduction of the sound and probably it was designed as a silent film. It is subtitled and its director has exploited the impact of short verbal sequences that accompany some subtitles, and occasionally breaks into the score that carries on the film with love. This makes it not only almost unique but extremely rewarding to look at. The parable in the fairy tale is constantly underlined, but so subtly that only when it is reflected after the vision does one become fully aware of it. For example, the names: Eva and Adam; Emil's obsessive behavior on his wedding night, which shows that the triviata has become the most important thing in his life and preach his possible suicide because he has no proper purpose to support it; the uninterrupted series of beautiful sequences that show erotic images (a bee that pollinates a flower, a key that enters a lock, a necklace that breaks during Eva's virginal love sequence with Adam, etc.); and the final post-suicide sequences that could have been filmed in many different ways, but serve to enhance the importance for individuals to perform a certain type of work that positively contributes to society, as well as to create new life to support this society after we pass ourselves. <br /> <br /> As a 1933 movie I would say this at 9 - even comparing it with contemporary works I wouldn't reduce this to 8. For me the film will always remain a "must see", (although you might feel that my previous remarks above indicate some prejudice in this judgment). Unfortunately in North America the contemporary evaluations of this film were distorted by the extreme reaction of the 1930s to the short scene of Hedy Kiesler, very short and relatively unimportant, who had difficulty living in Hollywood (some critics, who clearly did not have seen classic films such as Hypocrites, Hula, Back to God's Country, Bird of Paradise or some of the early works by DW Griffiths and CB deMille, have also mistakenly called this the first appearance of a naked actress in a feature film). This scene was probably part of the original novel, and the film would have been very different if the director had chosen to rewrite it. <br /> <br /> Two more thoughts; first and foremost this is a Czech film, released there in 1933. His final message about hard work that generates positive benefits for society must have seemed very superficial to his viewers when a few years later their country became the first victim of oppression Nazi and was practically destroyed for at least two generations (I don't remember that these sequences were projected immediately after the war when I saw this film for the first time - were they removed from the copy I saw then?). Secondly for me his main message today is that things of true beauty are often very transitory even if their memory can remain with one for life. We should all be grateful that today some of them can be captured on the camera and displayed again at will.
