First, let's take the "bustle". Hedy Lamarr was considered one of the most beautiful women and the film was a perfect medium for many to see her beauty on screen. We have Hedy as a fresh -faced young 20 years speaking in his native Austrian. I recently bought a 1990 uncensored version of this 1932/3 classic. Yes, we see a short close-up of Hedy naked from the waist up, but despite having shot the scenes of swimming and escape in the bare saddle, director Gustav Machaty uses the cover of branches, the reflections in the puddles, the medium and long strokes show it this way in this famous scene; so don't imagine there are close-ups or lascivious clinchette. Her boyfriend, Pierre Nay, always keeps her clothes. Yes, quite bold for his day but how innocent he looks now through the eyes of 2003. <br /> <While other reviews have claimed that this film should be looked at for the imaginary, expressionism and allegorical statements it makes with the images of water drops that form a ripple on the surface of a pale water, agricultural machinery, landscapes, etc. Sweet sounding strings run for the most part in "Extase" and the film has a "feeling" of transition between silence and sound in its direction and concept. The script is highly minimalist and economic, the story is mainly imparted through the medium of the face and bodily gestures with only a few words of German spoken by the actors with English subtitles. Even these few words seem almost superfluous in the general lyric that runs through the film. <br /> <br /> Put very simply this is the story of a young girl or bride a much older man (because we are never told and what did Eve see in him anyway? Money?), which is then trapped in a marriage without costume and without love. Then he returns to his father after leaving his husband and his father has to lie to his son-in-law. After a ride on her horse, Eva decides to take a swim in the buff and loads her clothes on the saddle of her horse. However, her horse gets romantic notions about himself and gallops to greet his stable. out of the lake naked and tries to recover his mount but an engineer at work sees and retrieves the horse, then looks around for its owner. And so the love story is born. The husband sees that his rival must win Eva, later he decides to shoot himself but I thought he was rather illogical and his main weakness taking into account his previous relationship without love with Eva. <br /> <br /> Despite being a 1990 reissue title on VHS, the sound is 70 years old, it is a bit soft and with a crackling background, in line with the films of its era. After a period of mourning for our handsome boy, obviously he is so in love with Eva that he imagines her as a mother with a child, so we must assume that they live happily ever after. Just let the imaginary wash and wash the mind of the style of films, even in the late 1930s. This is a lyric piece that can be enyoyed for itself and not just for its captivating title. I gave it 7/10.
