I can understand how the fans of director Roman Polanski could love this film - and I could understand how some could totally hate him (Ebert was one of the few who couldn't understand why people weren't running away from the theater). After a first viewing, I am not sure I can fall into either of the two categories, however as someone who can't get enough of Kafka and the dark comedies of paranoia The Tenant is quite effective for his running time. Or maybe not - this is one of those cases where it could have been more of a masterpiece if it was a half-hour episode of Twilight Zone, with Serling delivering the queue like Terkovsky (or whoever it may be (?)) Writhes in his bed in bandages. It is very similar in the treatment of the condemned protagonist as Repulsion, however it could be argued that there was more ambiguity, more sense of the surreal that emerged through a prolonged disintegration of character and position (and, frankly, a better main performance) than the conductor. <br /> <br /> As it stands, The Tenant has an intriguing premise, the type that does not tire you of telling other people: Polanski is a Polish emigrant in Paris who takes an apartment that has been purchased most recently by Simone Choule, who jumped out of the window near his death and died shortly after. But the other tenants are conservatives at most in terms of noise; after a Saturday night at Terkovsky with some friends, there are complaints about too much noise. It won't happen again, says Polanski's tenant, good-natured but a little nervous, but there's no peace even when moving a locker or chair. Soon complaints will be registered against another tenant, but by him? Can you register complaints? This is a case of identity not so wrong, but of lack of mental peace with oneself and the surrounding people. As the downward spiral goes on, Polanski increases the tension (and, I would say, black-comedic laughter) by showing Terkovsky in the middle of a horrible dream - one of Polanski's strongest scenes of the period - and finding teeth in the wall, for not to mention the bathroom on the opposite side (which, I might add, is always a cinematic lynching of horror and surreal madness). <br /> <br /> But somehow, the film has never really felt all this significant from its excessive design as an alleged mind machine, with Terkovsky's tenants seeming not to be what they seem for a while of time: there is not so much suspense when they find out that in reality they are not out for him, which makes the paranoia more fulfilling. At least once or twice I also thought to myself "why did Polanski take the lead role?" He is not a bad actor, and has appeared in several films and plays that are not in his own direction. But besides being good at looking awkward and tense, like in church, or in his moments of flipping when he thinks I'm really out to kill him, his transformation is less disturbing than ironic, a proof of himself to see if he can do it, which he doesn't do at all. Although Polanski worked well to look like Terkovsky, mild and dejected, I could see at least a couple of other actors who could do it with a more delicate and charming personality. The moment you see him dragged, you switch between the worthy field and the real field, in particular when you go for the double climax in the end (which, of course, is of little surprise). <br /> <br /> Yet there is pleasure for the film fan and Polanski fans to see the supporting cast try to dig into much more ambiguous characters (Winters and Douglas do it better, even if they have to make an effort for the limited characters), and Unexpected Moments like Polanski and Adjani that become hot and heavy during a Bruce Lee movie, or when they really get drunk, or in an almost casual scene in which they slap a child near a fountain, they are pretty bright by itself. It's a very good film, which could catch my eye when you drink too much coffee after midnight. But an essential film? Not exactly.
