One thing I am sure that everyone who has seen this movie will agree is that it is very disturbing. Even the other films in Polanski's unofficial trilogy are gruesome, but they are all different in what makes them disturbing, but they all deal roughly with the same thing, everyone is concerned with the mind. Surely the people are very fearful, each of them sent shivers down my spine that made me unable to sit still. Again, if you've seen the other two films mentioned, I'm sure you'll find it quite disturbing, because you begin to expect the typical Polanski traits that you think you've captured, are aware of it and will continue to tease you with simple things, personally whenever Trelkovsky turned around slowly, preparing for a jump, maybe it was just me, but I felt the intention to do it, even though it was rather thin, there was no accumulation of music in those moments. <br /> <br /> The acting in this was pretty good, especially that of Polanski, of course, the other characters in the film don't have the time to eclipse the lead. Polanski really shows himself to be a great all-round director, not only able to direct and write great films, but he can also act. I don't think there is another better person who could have snatched the Trelkovsky character, Polanski settled in perfectly. I like to see films in which the director is also part of the main cast, for me it really highlights their fantastic versatility and talent, which I respect a lot. <br /> <br /> One thing I didn't like about this movie is how it was done in English. For the uninitiated, this is a French film, funded by the Americans, and to make it more commercial it was mostly done in English. There are parts that it is very obvious that there was dubbing, and I don't know why it is, but 3/4 of the time when there is a dubbing receive the completely wrong person to do the dub. In the film there is a woman who, when she speaks, it is obvious that she is a dub, but they got the most annoying person to do voiceover, it was seriously painful for my ears to hear her speak, she had the highest high voice L 'I've heard for a while, it seemed almost fake, but I didn't understand what the point was, she was a rather small character. Honestly I would have preferred that they had left while it was being filmed, parts of it in French and parts of it in English, because dubbing in this film was a pain and was not close (two completely different films, I know) the high level of another film that did such a thing, that was, good, bad and bad. I realize that it's not a big deal, only when you realize it, it becomes annoying, but I'm sure you won't be sitting there for a long time trying to read what they're actually saying, regardless if you know French. <Br /> <br /> What's so nice about Polanski is that it will make you believe you know him, know his style, that in some ways you do it, but in reality you can't see what's behind that 'angle. This film is much more open to interpretation than the other two films mentioned, which I think really reinforces this one in particular. I personally think this is the best of the three, I'm not sure what will come next, but they are all relatively close in their level of greatness. The ending is fantastic, it's so easy to leave it long to come and get nowhere. I chose not to think about it too much, just to have my personal opinion and leave it to that. <br /> <br /> I intertwined, and I didn't really have any idea about what makes this movie so beautiful, I don't think, so I'll do it quickly here. If you liked Repulsion and / or Rosemary's Baby, I guarantee you that you will like this movie to say the least. For those who are too unlucky to have seen them, then I suggest you check out this movie if you are looking for something that is a pretty scary movie that is smart enough, especially in the end, and if you are looking for something that concerns the mind, even paranoia, even if it is better to fit under Repulsion.
