Here is the example of a film that was not well received when it was made, but whose position seems to rise in time. 'The Tenant' is a rather interesting work by Polanski, one of the first of his European exile. It is set in Paris and, like so many other films in exile, the city, its streets, the Seine and in particular the building where the action takes place play an important role. It's just that Polanski chooses his main character for not being an American (as in the case of 'Frantic' for example) but a Pole, as he was himself when he went to the West. In this film there is a lot of personal comments, made in what must have been a period of crisis in the director's life, and the fact that he has decided to play the main role (and does it masterfully) can also be seen as kind of exorcism. <br /> <br /> It's kind of a circular story. The hero named Trelkovsky rents an apartment in the old Parisian building, inhabited by what appears to be first a well-matched team of grumpy old men or just ridiculous neighbors. The previous tenant tried to commit suicide by jumping out of the apartment window, and Trelkovsky just had time to visit her in the hospital before he died and meet his beautiful young friend Stella (an Isabelle Adjani with glasses in her first role after Truffaut 'L'histoire d'Adele H.'). Soon the neighbors don't seem to be what they are, it's a conspiracy to make them crazy, or to get them into the life and role of the dead girl. He fights, tries to escape, enters the game and ends up entering the circle and slowly becoming her. The circle is closed. <br /> <br /> It is not the most credible story we may have seen or heard, but the strength of the film lies not in history but in the details of psychology, in the slow degradation of the hero's mental state, in the permanent game of balance between reality and illusion. To some extent this is not what counts on the screen, but as it happens, remembering the classic "Knife in the Water" made more than a decade earlier, at the end of the Polish Polanski period. There are many details that are never explained, but this is how mysterious films must be and this is actually life sometimes. The feeling of claustrophobia slowly contaminates the viewer. Unfortunately some of the graphic details in the last part of the film are not too well executed and the dialog boxes spoken in English (the film was made in English) almost neutralize the general atmosphere. However, waiting for the final punch scene deserves patience. <br /> <br /> It is not the best film made by Polanski, but it has many good parts, shows the hand and style of the director, and was a significant step in the construction of his career.
