After his classic film noir homage Chinatown Roman Polanski returned to the themes that had given him his greatest hits in the 60s with this gruesome psychological horror that, like Repulsion and Rosemary's Baby, addresses the paranoia and claustrophobia generated by living flat. > <br /> The claustrophobic environments are the ones Polanski is best at creating, and this must be the most suffocating and confined image I've ever created. The emphasis on the side walls and far-away vanishing points is greater than ever, and even in the small number of external scenes the sky is rarely seen. But The Tenant is not only confined spatially, but also in the intensity with which it focuses on its protagonist. Trelkovsky, played by Polanski himself, is not alone in every scene, he is practically in every scene. When not on the screen most of the time the camera becomes Trelkovsky's point of view. And of course, almost everywhere, look, he sees his own reflection that fixes him in a mirror. <br /> <br /> I can't think of any movie that is more about the internalization and loneliness of a character. Some psychological thrillers, like M or Peeping Tom, manipulate us making us feel sorry for the mentally ill protagonist. Others, like Psycho, attempt a thorough scientific analysis of his mental condition. Does the tenant fit into any of these categories ?? he simply immerses us completely in Trelkovsky's experience without asking us to really understand or appreciate what happens in his head. We feel his paranoia and obsession even if we are constantly told that they are irrational. <br /> <br /> Polanski was also a master of the slowly revealing horror film. Often in his horrors there is an ambiguity about whether there is actually something sinister going on, but they are among the most effective for the appalling public. Why? Precisely because they unfold so slowly and invest so much time in the meticulous creation of situations that immerse the viewer in paranoia. Much later, the Polanski horror, The Ninth Gate is a bit of a plot mess, but at least it still manages to reach that sense of creeping terror. <br /> <br /> This is a rare chance to see Polanski himself in an important role. His talent in front of the camera was as good as behind, and is absolutely as perfect as the mild Trelkovsky. Another outstanding performance is that of Shelley Winters, too often overlooked as a goalkeeper. It is actually quite a stellar cast, although many of the familiar faces seem out of place in this strange European Gothic film. Moreover, unfortunately many of the French actors in the supporting roles are atrociously nicknamed in the English version. <br /> <br /> The Tenant is sleeker and less pretentious than Repulsion, but lacks the suspense and character that make Rosemary's Baby so compelling and fun. The Tenant is good, without major flaws, and Polanski was really in great shape as a director, but he is not among his most compelling works.
