Anthony Mann's westerns with Jimmy Stewart are slowly gaining for that director a position with John Ford and Howard Hawks as best director of that genre. He surely knows how to give a dimension to the good boy Stewart - in Mann's films there is an advantage for Jimmy that is slowly shown to the public. In WINCHESTER '73 it was the relationship between Stewart and his brother and how it weaves him into a figure of revenge. Here is an "I trust only myself" attitude, which leads to one complication after another. Even before the movie starts correctly (like Jeff Webster) it kills two of its hired cowboys who were helping a cattle in Seattle due to some dispute (we never had the clarity - or they wanted to leave the cattle, or they tried to steal cattle). <br /> <br /> Meet his match at Skagway, the port he must reach to bring his herd to Dawson. The head of Skagway is a so-called lawman named Gannon (John McIntyre) who remembers one of Skagway's real bosses in "Soush" Smith and Judge Roy Bean of "Gold Rush" Jefferson. The problem is that neither Smith nor Bean would have become as bleak as Gannon in turning every opportunity into an opportunity to make money. Stewart's herd has stopped public hanging - so (as a monetary penalty) the herd is confiscated (to be sold later to Gannon's profit). <br /> <br /> Stewart is partner of Ben (Walter Brennan - who had the strange victory of the last Oscar played by Judge Roy Bean). They are also joined by Rube Morris (Jay C. Flippen) and two women, the sophisticated Rhonda Castle (Ruth Roman) and the friendly and helpful Renee Vallon (Corinne Calvert). Rhonda works closely with Gannon, but previously he helped Jeff escape the Seattle authorities. However, he has an attitude similar to "I trust myself" by Jeff. He offers him work to procure supplies for Dawson by himself. He, Ben and Rube go but at night (while the others sleep) they come back and steal their cattle. Renee follows and warns them that Gannon and his associates are following. Jeff holds Gannon long enough to send the cattle to the Canadian border, though Gannon points out that since Jeff has to come back with Skagway Gannon he can wait until he hangs him. <br /> <br /> Rhonda and Jeff's assembled group split on the track to take for Dawson, Jeff opting for a longer and safer route. After proving they are right, they follow her course and reach Dawson only to find that there is a lawless element that threatens the community because of the gold fields. The herd is sold to Rhonda and Jeff, Ben, Rube and Renee begin the search. There are soon two groups in the city of Dawson. One led by Connie Gilchrist and Chubby Johnson wants to build a decent city. But the Mounties won't install a station in Dawson for months. The other, centered on the "dancehall" run by Rhonda, is in league with Gannon who has a vast show-jumping plan using his band of gunslingers (Robert J. Wilke - really scary in a sequence with Chubby Johnson and Jay C. Flippen, Jack Elam and Harry Morgan). Jeff wants to stay away from both and head off with his new wealth and Ben for a ranch they want in Utah. But will they get there? Will Jeff remain neutral? <br /> <br /> The performances are dandy here, including Stewart as a man who is willing to face everyone else, but otherwise it would be fairly quiet. Brennan plays one of his old patented codgers, whose love for good coffee has unexpectedly bad results. Flippen is a drunk at the beginning, but the tragedy and the responsibility shake him into a better mood - and one who has the chance to verbally stab Stewart in the heart using the same words as Stewart's against him. McIntyre would have achieved the notoriety of television in WAGON TRAIN to replace Ward Bond, but his work in Mann's films shows his abilities as bad (like his trade opportunist who escaped from WINCHESTER '73). It is, as they say elsewhere on this thread, really shabby - but it has a sense of humor. Roman is an interesting mixture of opportunists and humans, whose fate is determined by his best feelings. And Calvert is at the same time a voice of conscience and a frontier "Gigi" aware of being more than a young girl, but a budding woman. <br /> <br /> Best of all is the backdrop of the Canadian Rockies - wonderful in its own way like the use of John Ford's Monument Valley. Mann has certainly done a first-rate job directing this film, and the viewer will appreciate the results.
