This is mainly a story about the growing relationship between Jeff Webster (Jimmy Stewart) and Ronda Castle (Ruth Roman). He immediately takes a liking to Jeff in a brief meeting on the steamer bridge on Skagway, and a longer look when he hides in his cabin while the authorities look for him for the murder charge. They find they have some things in common besides an animal attraction. No one trusts a member of the opposite sex, apparently because they were both married to the spouses who betrayed them. Gradually, they learn to trust each other while traveling from Skagway to Dawson. But Ronda clearly has close relationships with corrupt Sheriff Gannon and engages in some shady practices in his Skagway castle hall. In the end he has to decide between Gannon and Jeff. Meanwhile, even René, a naive young French woman, immediately takes a liking to Jeff, but in return he only gets insults. Still, she sticks with him on his trips from Skagway to Dawson and his activities around Dawson. Along with Ronda, she brings him back to health after Jeff was left dead by Gannon's gunslingers at his request for gold. Walter Brennan, like Ben, is Jeff's longtime companion. It doesn't play a heavy role, but serves to soften Jeff's hard edges. His symbolic disappearance opens the door for a substitute woman companion to Jeff. <br /> <br /> John McIntire (like Sheriff Gannon) probably makes the most charismatic boss of the evil city you'll ever see in the film, which exudes charm and humor along with his bullying. Obviously, he sees something of himself in Jeff, repeatedly stating that he will like it. He makes a believable incarnation of the infamous Soapy Smith, who spent his last years on Skagway, as one of the best men of his time. <br /> <br /> Jeff is the anti-hero par excellence, a loner (except for partner Ben), who doesn't want to bend his neck for others, even when he knows he's the right man for the job. In this regard, it is very similar to the character of Burt Lancaster in "Vera Cruz", for example. So, Jeff not only rejects Dawson's Marshall work, he is convinced to leave Dawson after the Gannon gang has moved with the clear intentions to take over all the insufficiently legal gold requests, while getting rid of some miners and suggested that the rest make a hasty exit from Dawson. Even Ronda suggests she and Jeff hurriedly get out of Dawson while they're still alive. Then, Jeff has a sudden change of heart, apparently still nursing a desire for revenge for the filming of Ben and himself. Switch from the anti-hero to the hero to guide the expulsion of Gannon's band from Dawson. In this regard, it differs from the character of Lancaster, who never reformulates (But did Jeff really change, or simply distributing revenge for wrongs committed against his own interests?) <br /> <br /> The main problem I see with the plot is the 2 main women. Clearly, Ronda is prepared as the right woman to tame Jeff. Although he is clearly defined as a "bad" girl, Jeff has a recent chess past, having shot at least 5 men in the United States or Yukon, and after stealing his cattle from Gannon. Ironically, right after Jeff changes from anti-hero to hero, Rhonda makes a similar change by running down the street to warn Jeff of the impending imminent ambush of Gannon. He dies as a result and Jeff asks her why she didn't just look at herself (her seemingly abandoned belief!). <br /> <br /> It is clear that Corine Calvert, like Renee, does not really make a credible replacement for the late Ronda, in Jeff's mind. However, the apparent implication of the farewell scene is that they come together, even though Jeff never visibly gives her a kiss or a hug. Her image as a good woman, even if naive, is somehow compromised by her work in Rhonda's saloon of hitting the miners who weigh down their gold dust, pushing the dust spilled on the floor and recovering it later. I'm also very unclear about her relationship with Rube Morris, a middle-aged miner who follows her and makes a complaint (she's not her father). Another problem is the amateur management of the shooting between Jeff and the Gannon gang. If Gannon had any skills with a gun, he would have to kill or seriously injure Jeff under that catwalk before Jeff did the same with him. And how did Jeff's right hand suddenly hit well enough to shoot a gun with apparent ease? I also wonder what Jeff and his friends did to save the avalanche victims. They were too far away to get them out alive from under the snow. And why have most of Ronda's backpacks and mules not been buried by the avalanche? <br /> <br /> You will see a host of probably unnamed but familiar faces among the miners and the Gannon gang. The sequences filmed in the Canadian Rockies offer a breathtaking backdrop to the action. Overall, a very entertaining western, with most of the major flaws concentrated at the end. Without a doubt, this film takes some great liberties with history and geography, in particular, the part that takes place in the Canadian Yukon, which was actually much more domesticated than the Skagway of the United States.
