EXTREMITIES is the disturbing, but compelling film version of a play by William Mastriosimone (who adapted his work for the screen) to a woman who is attacked in her car one night by a potential rapist as she returns home and is terrified when she realizes that the man has taken her purse and knows where she lives. After his roommates moved to work the next day, the boy shows up at his house and tries to rape her. The story takes a surprising turn when, at a certain point, the woman turns the tables on the man and manages to overcome him; but when he realizes that it is not possible to prove the attempted rape and if the man is arrested, he will leave, he decides to keep him prisoner at home until he can get a confession from him. Inverosimile? Could be. Disturbing? Surely, but there is a wonderfully claustrophobic feeling about this film, especially the medium with only the woman and her attacker, that you can't help but feel completely part of what's going on. I haven't seen the play on Broadway, but I imagine a piece like this works best on stage, but that doesn't make this experience any less compelling. Farrah Fawcett, one of the last actresses to do the role on Broadway, was awarded the role of Marjorie in the film version and offers a tense and deeply moving performance as the victim who refuses to be a victim. Many critics believe that Fawcett's performance is monotonous, but to me Marjorie is a woman completely numb from what she has experienced and the performance works for me. James Russo, in his career show, is as slimy and threatening as the would-be rapist who finds Marjorie as a challenge far more than he thought. Alfre Woodard and Diana Scarwid are Marjorie's roommates, who return home after Marjorie overpowered the boy and tied him up and stuck in the fireplace when they arrived. And it is the arrival of the roommates who bring the story to an unexpected level because they have not seen what we have seen through Marjorie and therefore, he thinks he should call the police and let them run the boy. Not for the faint of heart, but if you can stand it, a compelling movie experience, anchored by a lead performance that will surprise you.
