This review owes its existence entirely to a review. We take a weekly TV magazine to see what is happening and we decide precisely what we will watch. Objectively, there are short reviews of most of the films that will be screened on the five major terrestrial channels. In addition to prose, each film is given a 1-5 star rating. 5 means Do not miss (more than 4 for Excellent!), Up to 1 standing for Poor. We have learned from the vast experience that, with few exceptions, the stars are rewarded for gross taste, vulgar language, offensive content, promiscuity, horror, blood and courage, and above all they kill the hero / heroine just when everyone was going to live happily ever after after. (If this does not happen, the film is denigrated as "predictable" - the worst conceivable insult!) <br /> <br /> Brave New Girl received only 1 star, suggesting that he was a worthy candidate of our time and attention . This was confirmed by the description of the reviewer's film as a "really terrible story" and, "Stupid, simply stupid". We looked at it, and my wife and I were glad we did. The reviewer of the TV magazine also stated that the film "is not a reworking of War and Peace", with which we must agree. Reading IMDb reviews for this title a day or two later, the impulse to take my pen (so to speak) to add my halfpennyworth (pronounced harf'pen'uth (emphasis on the first syllable) for the uninitiated) has become overwhelming. <br /> <br /> Why did we take this movie? Well, it's just a matter of taste. We like attractive characters, credible relationships between them, interesting situations, courtesy and respect, good triumph over evil and so on. We liked the integrity and personality of Holly (Lindsey Haun), her mother (Virginia Madsen), Ditz (Barbara Mamabolo), Grant (Nick Roth), Zoe (Joanne Boland) and the two male professors involved in the story. What if the plot includes a "wicked witch of the West" in the form of Angela (Barbara Mamabolo), on condition that you play the part with a certain conviction. We appreciated the friendship represented between the two roommates, one with a financially challenged education by a loving single mother, and the other with all the material advantages, but who receive little time and affection from parents. Is it any wonder that Ditz tried the way he did with Holly's Mum? Is it surprising that Grant has an immediate interest in Holly, considering the modalities of their initial meeting, Holly's dazzling smiles and her lively self-control? I think these problems and events are quite credible, but it is necessary to pretend that the scholarship and other circumstances are realistic so that the story has a setting. <br /> <br /> My wife and I are very blessed with no significant musical education. This allows us to enjoy the sounds produced by instruments and voices without our critical faculties unduly interfering with our listening, and thus ruining the experience. We enjoyed both the classic pieces and the pop, which went very well on TV, and we were not impressed by any lack of talent. Also, it didn't matter that Holly's classic voice was nicknamed by someone else. <br /> <br /> We enjoyed the movie enough to look for a DVD. The average delivery price we paid per disc for the films in our collection is currently £ 4.9484 (rounded to four decimals). Brave New Girl was available from a trusted vendor on the Amazon Marketplace for £ 1.3516 (rounded to four decimal places) above this figure. This purchase would increase the average. Why should I resent you is a mystery to me, but it is a testimony of our enjoyment of this film that we have issued an order. I awarded this 7-star movie on IMDb, having attracted one for exaggerated reception of the shows by the public, one for the Britney commercial and one for something else that I don't remember right now. (In case you haven't fallen, this review is a hymn to celebrate the use of brackets!)
