(SPOILERS IN FIRST PARAGRAPH) The anti-German sentiment of this film seems painfully dated today, but it is a brilliant example of great war propaganda. It was returned when Cecil B. DeMille was still a great director. (Ignores all his subsequent Best Picture Academy Awards, he never made a great sound film.) This film lacks the comedy of most of the other Pickford films, and it was actually DeMille's film, not Pickford's. The denigration of the Germans can be compared to the way in which "The Patriot" of 2000 did the same with the English. The only good German in the film was a reluctant villain who had the ironic name of Austreheim. They even made Pickford do an unlucky trip on a luxury ship that is torpedoed by a German submarine. So what will the Americans be more stimulated to war? The sinking of the Lusitania, or looking at the favorite Canadian import to America sinking into it? Throughout the film, DeMille directs his protagonist from one type of horrible calamity to another, barely escaping death, hypothermia, depravity, rape, execution and explosions that explode in the right place to keep it unscathed . The way it is saved by a firing squad is no more credible than the way humans in "Jurassic Park" were ultimately rescued by velociraptors. If I were more naive than such propaganda, I would punish myself for having part-German descent. <br /> <br /> Was it a good movie? Apart from a funny joke around for Americans abroad who think they are untouchable ?? that was apparently a joke even then ?? you may not be entertained. You will find it more than a little melodramatic, and obviously one-sided, but the first thing that came to mind after seeing it is that years passed before Potemkin's false portrayal of a massacre revolutionized the language of cinema and the potential of the film for propaganda. It made me think: what happened to Cecil B. DeMille? Somewhere between the advent of sound and "The Greatest Show on Earth" he seemed to lose his ambition. Ben Hur seemed expensive, but not ambitious. In one sentence, this film is for 1) film historians, 2) Silent Film Buffs, 3) Mary Pickford fans, or 4) DeMille fans, if that person exists.
