This first-rate western gold rush story brings great excitement, romance and James Stewart to the screen. "The Far Country" is the only one of the five westerns of Stewart-Mann to be often overlooked. Stewart, once again, takes a new look at the ever-present personalities he had in the five westerns of Stewart-Mann. Jeff Webster (Stewart) is indifferent, always looking for himself, which is why he is so surprised when people are kind and kind to him. Ironically, he wears a bell on his saddle that he will not drive without. This shows that he could only be interested in one person - his partner, Ben Tatum, played by Walter Brennan, since Tatum is the one who gave it to him. Mann once again takes a new look at the ever-present personalities he has included in the five westerns of Stewart-Mann. Show violence, excitement, twists, romance and corruption. The story is that Jeff and Ben, through a series of events, end up in the rich and fast-moving city of Dawson, along with their golden partners Calvet and Flippen, and the good but Roman and his assumptions. I am unable to leave, because the sheriff Mr. Gannon (McIntire) and his "deputies" hang him, since the only way out is Skagway, which is the city of Gannon. But, in the end, McIntire comes to them, but not to cash in on Stewart and / or his fine, which is allegedly due to the government. What is McIntire for? He is there to cheat the miners by their claims and their money. People are killed A sheriff for Dawson is considered necessary, and Calvet chooses Stewart because he is good with a gun. Stewart, however, refuses the job, because he plans to get all the gold he can, and then pull out. He also rejects it because he doesn't like helping people, because law and order always kill someone. Therefore, Flippen is elected. A miner is killed because he tries to resist one of Gannon's men, a madman wanted by the crazy and mustache named Madden, who carries two guns, played by Wilke. Flippen attempts to arrest Madden and see that justice is done, but he cannot resist him, so he becomes drunk. A man named Yukon replaces Flippen. Stewart and Tatum begin to pull out, but are ambushed by Gannon's men. Tatum is killed and Stewart is injured. Stewart finally realizes he has to do something, or Gannon will take control of Dawson, establish his rules and become his city, just like Skagway. The public also understands what Stewart has to do. Another thing the public understands is that Stewart is the only thing that stands between the citizens and Gannon. If Stewart leaves, Gannon will take over the city. If Stewart remains and continues to do nothing about it, the citizens will be killed one by one without mercy and unnecessarily. This is where a great scene occurs. Stewart enters his cabin. He has a slingshot on his arm. For a few seconds, his gun, in his belt, hangs on a pole next to his bed, the gun is nearby, Stewart is in the background, just inside the door. He stares at it for a few seconds. Throw the slingshot away. The sling lands on the back of a chair and falls to the ground. This is symbolic, because he is throwing away his old life, which consisted of not caring for anyone but himself. Enter into his new life, to help people when they need help. What ends the film is a fiery show, furious and furious at guns against evil, and a sincere feeling of well-being that everything will be fine.
