Definitely spoiler in this review! I ** loved ** American gothic and I did it since I saw it late at night when it first aired on Ch4 in the UK when I was 14. The comparisons made to Stephen King are right. It is a supernatural strangeness of a small town but with fantastic layered characters. Best of all, and the reason I love him so much, was the courage to never be in black and white! Lucas Buck, although devoid of any conscience, often works, as he says, giving people enough rope to hang themselves. His manipulation works only because of the weak moral of others. Caleb, although generally a caring, kind and insightful boy, can sometimes show the latent dark side inherited from his father. None of the characters is all good or bad with not even the angelic Merlyn showing an angry side through the reckless revenge of The Plague Sower. Not only that, but having Gail, the closest thing to a mother figure to Caleb, I not only sleep but fall in love with Lucas, despite all she knows made me realize that this show would go there and would not apologize for it. I'm a big Buffy fan, but when that show tried to become really "dark" in the following seasons it failed miserably because it lost its humorous side and didn't fully engage in its ideas. AG shows you can have a morally bankrupt character right in the heart of the show, and still laugh out loud. <br /> <br /> I can't even think about why it was canceled like me. I'll be too angry for the ridiculousness of it all. Lots of trash on TV and good, original shows are kicked and trampled. Thanks to the emergence of the DVD, at least I can see the show in its entirety! Yes, some of the images seem dated now, but the strange eerie atmosphere is provided quite well by the narrative lines. Even the actors offer such perfect performances to compensate for the work of some cameras. <br /> <br /> The only reason why I think someone might not like this show is that it's not like the X-file where there are cases to "solve" or Lost where there are huge unanswered questions . It is obvious from the start that Lucas Buck has some kind of evil power, and that the show is all about Caleb's struggle for the soul. So this show could frustrate people looking for an unknown purpose or "truth" to find. Yes, there are some mysterious unanswered aspects, with some like the truth about Gails' parents being solved, but unlike Lost and X-files this show is not about trying to find out more "facts" about what's happening on IMO. It's about the characters and how they face moral choices in Trinity's twisted world. Personally I would like to have a good impression of seeing Lucas transform every situation to his advantage. <br /> <br /> All in all the main thing I have to say is CHECK IT OUT. I'm pretty sure most fantasy / horror fans will love it. Although it has been erased, all the characters have bows and in the end there is enough to give a little sense of closure. The only hanging thread I heard was Dr. Matt. Not having it in the final episodes is strange. <br /> <br /> I would have done anything for a second season, but at least the full 22 episodes exist and perhaps considering how brainless some TV executives seem to be happy that this wonderful show was made for everyone !! !
