This time, Blackadder is no longer real (or even particularly close to being such a thing) ... rather a Prince Regent's butler, played by Hugh Laurie (who replaces Tim McInnerny, whose presence is sorely missed, and that hole was never filled ... his character had an innocent charm ... while he was a clumsy and complete idiot, we can't help but take care of him, which is not true for his replacement) as intolerably daft (which apparently was, according to the Trivia page), not to mention the high mouth and absolutely non-threatening. Edmund can now only do what he likes, and he does it. Why is he so frustrated and angry (honestly, sometimes he gets depressing)? Yes, his master is a fool, I always am. It does not seem to have no money, nor is it in danger. In the second series, the queen was mischievous and childish, and she would cut off someone's head - or marry them - on a whim. Here simply there is never enough in the game for any of the conflicts to be exciting and interesting. There are still comments and even a bit of satire. Too often, they seem to think that the story was fun enough on its own, so they simply reformulate it, without bothering to actually turn the facts into jokes or gags. And I can't tell you how many of these I knew before they were finished, literally more than a minute away. It is usually not positive when you know the joke before it is delivered. Baldrick hasn't changed since last season ... he's still pretty pathetic and stupid, leading to a "silly" humor. Frankly, the amount goes through the roof. Don't let me start dealing with stuff. Sarcastic and verbal humor can still be great, even if much less than before. I would say that about half of the episodes were pretty funny and definitely fun, while the other three didn't really get me involved. I was disappointed by how predictable some of the plots and its developments ... I could see many of those coming within a mile. Part of the material is too difficult to be funny and ends up being incredibly forced. This continues with the tradition started by "II" of letting the plans resolve occasionally. The theme is the worst of the group, the less creative credit sequences. All in all, this is by far my favorite of the four. I recommend it to fans of the franchise and the British comedy in general. 7/10
