Just saying that you have a John Holmes movie is a guarantee to bring some people to the screen, but the writer / director James Cox offers so much more. A "rashamon" of the dingy Hollywood set, the film splits the July 1981 Wonderland murders through a variety of angles (and films), but above all through John Holmes' stubborn weasel brain filter. In a film full of villains, Holmes is the most vile, the most pathetic or both. Different versions of the story emerge and merge while Cox shows the jumps and the cards of the game that contort between the effects and the emulation. Dialogue is fast and naturalistic and never once sounds false. While the film takes place two years after Holmes had fallen out of porn and in a depravity fueled by really evil drugs, Kilmer relentlessly exudes a sexuality so intense that it can be measured in inches. This sexuality on its margins creates a sense of foreboding that hangs over the whole film almost as heavily as violence at its core. These murders are teased through the whole film, even if they are never shown clearly, not even at the height, even though their violence infuses the whole picture inexorably and a lot of blood is splashed through the walls and the photos of the scene of the crime. Once again Val Kilmer in the role of Holmes proves he can act wacko better than anyone else working. Strutting, pulling, boasting or a beggar, Kilmer is constantly in character and the character is constantly a fascinating car accident. Prominent shows next to Kilmer certainly include Ted Levine as a police chief in the investigation and Lisa Kudrow as a stranger wife to Holmes. The threesome of criminals of which Holmes is part includes the frighteningly high energy Josh Lucas, the ever-interesting Timothy Blake Nelson and an absolutely unrecognizable Dylan McDermott in a fundamental role as a cashier in the umpteenth version of the murders. Cox suggests that no matter how much we learn about Wonderland, there is always a worse version possible, but looking through the debauchery that surrounds it is far more fascinating than understanding the truth.
