Unfortunately, in cases like these, there are so many conflicting stories where everyone tries to blame others that it's almost impossible to get a clear picture of what really happened. This film is a victim of such circumstances. The writers (too many of them) have decided to take ALL the stories and give them to the public to allow them to decide which version of the truth they prefer. As in the case of real life, there is no clear answer, no conclusion, and the public is left with a general abatement to be dissatisfied (like coffee without caffeine, or sex without the apex). Whodunnits without whodunnit are generally frustrating and make you wonder why someone hasn't done research before putting it into circulation. At least, your film is a fiction if this is what it amounts to (and this is). <br /> <br /> This does not mean that there are no great shows here. Kilmer (like Holmes) plays an exceptional role bringing humanity to what is otherwise an unpleasant character. Kilmer, the true lovers of life and friends who consulted the film, allowed the public to see a selfish and tormented human being who, although his flaws were many and great, was loved and cared for by many people (except himself ). Kudrow as the wife of Holmes, gives only a glimpse of the dramatic actress that can be, but it is a very appreciable and unforgettable glimmer. Bosworth's character was not as emotionally complex as he could have been and he needed to show more inner conflict to give credit to what eventually happened between Dawn and Holmes (he turned it into 6 months after he fled to Florida). Bosworth's cheeks on apple cheeks are at the same time boring, sometimes touching, but they do not show the backbone that the real Schiller must possess. The other characters vanish in the woodwork which is a pity. Lucas is a great interpreter who could have sunk his teeth in this role if it had been made for him. Dylan McDermott was also surprisingly capable in his role as a motorcyclist. <br /> <br /> The fault of this film lies not in the cast, but in the writing. Too many cooks ruin the soup and this kettle, full of many promises, leaves you hungry in the end. The story and the characters may have been less than understanding, but in which film of this type are they not? Other films like the 1989 drug cowboy with Matt Dillon (who reportedly asked to play this role and refused) worked on similar subjects and learned it up to that point that, despite being connected to the main character, despite the end of the film what he had done. Van Sandt could have given James Cox and his crew some lessons. If someone had bothered to try to find the truth, this would have been an intriguing story. As it is, you'll find the most enjoyable accompanying WADD documentary (on the 2-disc DVD) and much more informative. From the DVD you will understand that Holmes was not a bad guy, but he was not very good ... like most people.
