John Holmes is so famous, he is infamous (as the Three Amigos would say). This is a similar story to Rashomon about the events surrounding the Wonderland murders of the early 1980s, in Los Angeles. The story is reconstructed from the review of some of the participants. There is a story from a friend's point of view, namely David Lind (played by Dylan McDermott). He's a participant in the robbery assault on Eddie Nash's home (Eddie Nash is a notorious drug dealer - and he assumes he's the same character played by Alfred Molina in Boogie Nights) and is heavily involved in the drug scene. There is the perspective of John Holmes (played by Val Kilmer), which makes him a pawn stuck between two kings (with a serious case of cocaine cravings). There are also patchwork memories of John's wife (Sharon - played by Lisa Kudrow) and his girlfriend (Dawn - played by Kate Bosworth) who fill the spaces between the two stories. It's basically the same amount of time we're looking at, just the version of each character. The only thing missing is the prospect of the dead. <br /> <br /> Boogie Nights by Paul Thomas Anderson portrays John Holmes as a slightly heroic character, with a tragic but comic karma. It's a caricature of a real person. He was more or less less, a mixed boy who got what he got through his "great" endowment. Director James Cox turns off the play and turns this episode into John's life into a nightmare for all of us who watch. The details of the murders of real life make this film even more disturbing. <br /> <br /> Val Kilmer took what he learned about Jim Morrison from the Doors, improved the performance for the Salton Sea, and then further improved the deterioration of John Holmes through cocaine. All actors make a very realistic portrait of cocaine addicts. Josh Lucas's performance stands out as one of the best in the film. He plays Ron Launius (I think this character should be the same as the character of Thomas Jane of Boogie Nights). Ron was the leader of the band, he loved having John Holmes around as a novelty and he had a blood-thirsty cocaine like sharks. The use of cocaine seems so realistic to make people think. Did they really use Splenda ?? <br /> <br /> Where Boogie Nights has a bubblegum pop feeling (lots of colors and nostalgia from the 70s), Wonderland is dark. The action is fast and furious, with many jumps. He is nervous and grainy. There is no comedy, just an incessant rhythm, as if the director was trying to get us into the nervous, fast and angular rhythm of cocaine to make us feel what the characters are feeling. This is a graphic film. It has one of the most violent scenes I've ever seen in a movie. In fact it shows the same murders (through the eyes of John Holmes at the beginning and then from a third-person perspective). It's so graphic, it looks like police evidence of a crime. I had to stop after this scene and remind myself that this was just a movie. This film is absolutely not recommended to everyone. I recommend it as a good alternative to Boogie Nights, for those interested in other aspects of John Holmes. <br /> <br /> -Celluloid Rehab
