I've been in the habit of buying any interesting DVD published by Criterion lately. I imagine that even if I don't like the movie, Criterion usually provides enough extra material to make up for any shortcomings in the actual film. I read about them, and I buy those that are the most interesting for me. <br /> <br /> Le Million is my last purchase, and I must say that I was not disappointed in the film. He is cheerful, funny and romantic. Everything is quite excellent. The songs are wonderful. If I understood French, I'd probably sing them and sing them all day. Acting is very good for this type of film. American musicals of the classic Hollywood era were based more on singing and dancing than on real characters and history, but in Le Million the characters are quite well developed and the story, while not something extremely impressive, is not lacking at all. I loved the developments in relationships, in particular the relationship between my best friends Michel and Prosper. Even the romantic moments are very well developed. The direction is almost perfect, with several memorable moments. Probably the single most perfect scene in the film occurs immediately after the main couple has a discussion. They hide on the stage of an opera show, and opera singers sing the lines that the couple, Michel and Beatrice, interpret for their own situation. This is certainly one of the highlights of the history of cinema. The scene managed to make me laugh, to win me over with a very sweet love story, and it made me smile because the director was really smart. I give this movie at 9/10. <br /> <br /> P.S. - Some information for those who have the same faith in Criterion that I do and intend to buy it. Among the Criterion discs I own now, Le Million contains the fewest features. All he has is a photo gallery (not very useful, one could browse once) and a rare television interview with Rene Clair, the director. This piece is of some interest. He was one of the many directors who had started out in silent cinema, and when the talkies first appeared, he said they represented the death of the film. I think most people who know the cinema understand what these directors meant when they said this, but it's interesting to hear him explain. Also, if you've read the description of this movie on Amazon.com, keep in mind that they have made a mistake in one important aspect: not all the lines of the film are sung. Actually, it no longer contains songs from a normal musical. It is actually much more like a film by Chaplin or Buster Keaton or Marx Brothers. My criticisms of the record are not so important. Hell, Criterion has the right to slap me for making those complaints. The fact is that their people probably spent hundreds of hours to fix a movie that only 20 (now 21!) People voted for imdb, and only a hundred people, if ever, will see the film. Heck, if you look at the Criterion website, Le Million is nowhere to be found. I have no idea why not. It's something they should be proud of (of course, their website is surprisingly horrible). They did a great job on this film. Good boy! They deserve all the money I can bear to give them!
