Karen (Sarah Michelle Gellar), an exchange student in Japan who is just starting to do some social work, is sent to help an elderly semi-catatonic woman, Emma (Grace Zabriskie), after her previous custodian, Yoko (Yoko Maki), disappears. Karen soon finds out that something is wrong with Emma's house and tries to "see how deep the rabbit hole is". <br /> <br /> Perhaps it is a delayed influence on the success of the films of M. Night Shyamalan, but the slow and sober horror films are a recent trend. In some cases, like Hide and Seek (2005), the approach works very well, and in others, like White Noise (2005), the rhythm tends to kill the film. I didn't like Grudge as much as Hide and Seek, but this is still a great movie - I earn 9 out of 10 from me. <br /> <br /> The Grudge has a couple of significant differences from other recent examples of this trend, however. One, it is known that this is a remake based on the series of Japanese films started with Ju-On (2000) (in particular, it is extremely close to the first half of Ju-On: The Grudge, aka Ju-On 3, from 2003 ). Two, as in many Japanese horror films, the slower pace here is not so much in the realm of realist drama as in surrealism. As is also the case for a large percentage of European horror, The Grudge should be looked more like a filmed nightmare. <br /> <br /> Director Takashi Shimizu, also the director of the five Japanese voices in the Ju-On series to date (the fifth is currently in production), and writer Stephen Susco has widely dispensed with linearity and not is overly concerned with the logic or holes in the plot when it comes to the horror behind the story. The idea is instead to present a sequence of dreamlike scenes, with the logic of dreams, in which attention is the atmosphere, the creepy, the uncanny, and for many viewers - the fears. The way the film works will depend to a large extent on how well you can adapt to, or become accustomed to, this different approach to filmmaking (although, let's face it, some of the apparent gaps are filled by previous entries in the Ju- In Series ). Traditionally, the American public considers defects as elements that leave the barbed wire and abandon the "rules" for the "monster". A more poetic, metaphorical and surreal approach to cinema is still not accepted by the mainstream in the United States <br /> <br /> However, even if you don't get used to it, it's worth trying to suspend your normal preconceptions about film and damage to The Grudge a shot. This is a well-written, well-directed, well-performed film, full of unusual properties, such as the plot that weaves a large number of "main characters" (which is done better than the more episodic Ju-On 3), good cinematography, subtle production design touches (take a look at Gellar's clothes, which match the color and texture of the exterior of Emma's house, when Gellar approaches for the first time) and the wonderfully effective horror material. <br /> <br /> Although it is slower than your average horror movie of the past, the pace usually increases eeriness, and there is no shortage of bizarre events to entertain horror fans. The film's supernatural premise is engaging and based on interviews on the DVD with Shimizu, prompting me to pay more attention to Japanese beliefs and folklore. Although the most interesting subtexts will probably emerge with a more intimate knowledge of Japanese culture, it is interesting to reflect on why so many Japanese horror films depict scary children and adults that look like scary children. <br /> <br /> I subtracted a point for the film that slightly shifted towards the mystery / thriller cliché with a flashback of "here's what really happened", but even that was done quite well, and just in case contrary would have been a 10 out of 10. <br /> <br /> Now that I've said all the above, let it end with a mini-rant: it's not that I'm anti-remake, but it's ridiculous that distributors and studios Americans feel that we need foreign film remakes to make them appropriate for consumption. The original versions of these films should be reproduced in US theaters in a wide version. It is not necessary to present an almost identical film, but simply to replace white American actors for non-white or foreign actors. Yes, The Grudge is a good film, but in the end I'd rather see something original using this talent and be treated with the latest foreign horror films - not just Japanese, but also Indian, Spanish, Chinese, etc. - to my multiplex. In the hope that someone with a bit of studio shooting will re-read this, it is also cheaper to do so, since (1) you can completely avoid production costs and simply make internal distribution agreements from which you get profit and (2) you can make money with fans like me who otherwise collect DVDs of foreign films in versions produced or even foreign bootlegs.
