It is said that David Lynch's films and short films do not appeal to everyone. Dumbland, perhaps more than ever. I have a feeling that Dumbland, since people meet him, will be a true sign of "I get it" or "What the hell". Surrealism is not exactly, but it is absurd to the point of no return. He is also very, very, very stupid. But in this stupidity there may be a kind of ironic intelligence, which the producer knows well how childish and repulsive this is, and this self-awareness is a plus, not a deduction. <br /> <br /> They are just a couple of brutally designed short films - the kind that couldn't even make it through the Hertzfeldt show and Judge's Animation (which, I might add, Lynch has a lot in common with both directors in their centered on a lummox with an IQ of 20 that has a constantly shaking wife and a child that looks like a cross between the marzipan and / or alien man Episodes include small situations like a faulty treadmill, a salesman who can recite the address of Gettysburg, guarding a sick brother-in-law, ants and hallucinations, and rolling around on the couch with noise all around.In the meantime, Lynch is still experimenting, since he was constantly for good or bad for a period of five years he came forward and back in the Inland Empire. <br /> <br /> First, it's going back to the origins of his first short film, Six Figures Getting Sick Six Times, in the use of repetition as it means for a purpose. sometimes it works atrociously well, sometimes not. Sometimes, as with the episode with the sitting around the house that does nothing while the teeth bleed and a buzzing fly, the absurdity of the waxes and falls without much good effect. And even an episode like that with the friend of the boy who arrives is more fun, so for the comparison between Beavis and Butt-head (both laugh like idiots and are equally absorbed by killing things like fish and sheep). What ends up working is how Lynch shows the delusional abstractions forward, in the crudest ways imaginable, and excessive violence. <br /> <br /> In what comes closest to surrealism in "ants", the boy mistakenly sprays an insect spray (simply called "Kill", one of Lynch's few amusing rules on social conventions) on if himself, and his ant predictions in a musical choir line, including solo. And one of the most strangely funny things I've ever seen from the director is "take the stick", where we see the boy, applauded by his son, taking a stick in his mouth. Soon the neck breaks, the eyes go out, and once the stick is removed, it does not pay attention to the traffic that sways like a drain. Other moments thus appear in unexpected crevasses, and it is designed as on a low-cost card with a surge of shock with bad language (especially by the man, as well as by the "grandmother", who in one of Lynch's voices for the characters they are the deepest of all), and a wobbly quality reminiscent of the cream of the (early) Hertzfeldt crop. <br /> <br /> However I'm still not sure if Dumbland is something I'd like to put into someone's hands if they haven't seen much of Lynch, let alone anything with him. There are some small points about society made through complete exaggerations that may or may not be in Lynch's mind closer than we usually think of in real life. However in general there is not much to read in it, and that is why I would say more than half of those who see that they will hate it with passion. Those who dig the bottomless potions of animated comedy, prepare to burst.
