Dominick (Nicky) Luciano wears a "Hulk" shirt and walks away every day to do his street sweeper duties. Use his physical power to collect the other's garbage and take it to the city dump. He reads stories of comic heroes and loves wrestlers and wrestling, Going to WrestleMania with his twin Eugene for their birthday is an annual tradition. Speak kindly with the many people you come into contact with during your days. He reads the comics, which he finds in the garbage, with a boy who often goes by while on the garbage road. Unfortunately, Dominick has a reduced ability to use his mind. He has a disability. <br /> <br /> Dominick's disability is the result of a head injury in which he suffered from head trauma (TBI). This wound has left him slower, although he has not changed his main feature as a strong individual who helps protect others. Dominick is actually better able to live independently than it seems at the beginning of the film. He lives with Eugene who is studying to become a doctor. Dominick provides the main source of income, while Eugene does not study. Eugene must face the fact that he must continue his education in a different city, and that he must move away from Dominick. Eugene also develops a love story that begins to separate him from his twin brother. <br /> <br /> The film deals specifically with domestic abuse and how it can have an impact on individuals, families and therefore society as a whole. The strain that intensifies between Eugene and Dominick while Eugene realizes he must eventually leave Nicky, exploded on their birthday night. Eugene screams at Dominick and throws him against the wall. Right now, Eugene has to face his own fears of being like his violent father, the father Dominick protected him against while he himself became a victim of abuse. This event cemented the love between the two brothers, who have since become the best friends. Although they needed each other, both needed independence and the ability to grow and develop relationships with others. The fact that they had to separate became a real emotional tension. However, at the end of the film, Dominick is able to greet his brother and wish him good luck. Eugene is able to leave his brother with the certainty that he has started to create a social network of people who take care of him and who will help him with his independence. <br /> <br /> When Dominick witnesses the abuse of his friend he is forced to come face to face with the cause of his own trauma. In this state of extreme stress, Dominick goes off almost completely. Then he runs after the ambulance to the hospital to see what happened to his friend. After learning that the boy is dead, he finds himself facing the violent father who, fearing his testimony, tells him that he has seen nothing, knows nothing, and says nothing, and that if he does he will kill him. Now that his own life has been threatened, he goes to look for the handgun that Larry used to kill mice. In the wake of the dead boy and under the threat of arms, he kidnaps the grieving family's child. He runs away from the scene and hides in a building. When the police surround him, Eugene enters the building to talk to his brother. Eugene then reveals the cause of Dominick's disability and brings the child back. The violent father then wields a gun of his own threatening to kill Dominick, but Eugene stops him and Dominick tells the crowd that he saw his father throw his son down the stairs. <br /> <br /> The issue of dysfunctional comes up through the ending. Although Dominick's instinct to save the child can be understood, we also see how harmful this response is. Dominick has endangered the child's life and his own life. The major social consequences of these events are not directly implicated, but rather shown through the end of the film. Despite the more optimistic final portrait, another sequence of events is likely to have occurred, in which Dominick is accused of kidnapping and possession of a firearm. It is somewhat difficult to believe that this has gone completely lost. Moreover, even if Dominick is not accused, there may still be a stigma against him within the community, not that there was not one before these events. Instead, the film shows that we need to be able to recognize problematic behavior and take action to stop it. <br /> <br /> Dominick and Eugene was released in 1988, the same year as another film, Rainman, which won 5 Academy Awards. While Rainman was a result and helped increase visibility with people with disabilities, it could be argued that Dominick and Eugene hold more valuable lessons for society. Considering that Rainman has shown that traditional American society might be able to learn and care for a "savant" if the "savant" is the heir to a large estate. Dominick and Eugene show that a person with a disability may be able to care for and help save members of American society. The message of an independent person with disabilities may have been too strong for 1988. We hope that one day society will see the strengths of people with disabilities, not as a threat, but as an imperative for the strength of society.
