I collect horror films from all over the world and have seen good and evil - Zombie Bloodbath is a low budget video. Of course, acting is bad, the plot is basically a mix of all the zombie movies put together and the quality is low in some places. The thing that seems to be missing is that it is still fun and really very funny. The effects range from, as someone who said here said, pale-faced zombies that look like KISS that rejects the really good ones with a fantastic latex job. But the reason why you buy a movie with a title like this is in cold blood and this movie is fantastic in that area. The effects are very good for such a small film. Someone called it a party movie and that's it. 100% fun party movies. I have heard from various websites that this is actually a "rough cut" of the film that got the general release, but the real "director's cut" is coming to DVD and is a very nice quality. I'll buy it and judge for myself. <br /> <br /> History is basically a nuclear power plant that goes wrong and makes zombies. The government closes it, hides the story and sanctions the houses on which to rely. Some of the plants are still underground and these undead approach and attack the area. Some actors do a great job, there is a rather direct social commentary that is insightful and true, good music, good lighting, some effective suspense and tons of blood and sick blood. A boy is attacked and torn from the lower area to the end, if you understand what I mean. Then his guts are pushed out of his mouth. Another is torn in half like in Day Of The Dead and they did a great job with that effect. There are a million gags and it's almost ALL the action. I say stop being an idiot, enjoy life and get more movies like the Zombie Bloodbath and Meat market. Two great epics of undead. <br /> <br /> OK - UPDATE !!! I just received the DVD set and here's what I thought: <br /> <br /> VERY high image quality and for once I was able to see the current DIRECTOR'S CUT of the movie and it's a much better movie. I liked it before, but now I can see what it was trying to do with this Todd Sheets. And the comment also helps, listening to Sheets talk about the film in detail, He knows it's a trashy zombie movie, but it shows respect for all the people involved. Furthermore, Sheets has a great sense of humor and a certain humble integrity that others could learn in the field of cinema. Even the backstage of Zombie Bloodbath is a lot of fun. I felt it was almost as fun as the movie for which it was made. There are some great interviews and behind-the-scenes footage mixed with news on the film from some important places like CNN, FOX and MTV. Most of all, a little funny film that is VERY rough, but it made me laugh and enjoy the journey! I've seen a lot of DV movies, and some video shots, and many are pretty boring, but this one really wasn't. While the new DV movies are technically superior, they are not so funny! <br /> <br /> PS - Did I hear that they are doing this again with a big budget ???
