I just got my copy of this set of two DVD discs and, although not perfect, I found the overall experience as a fun way to waste time. I have to say right away that I'm a big fan of Zombie movies, and I really think the good people who made these films should be too. I also have a weakness for people who try, sometimes against all odds, to live a dream. And again, these people are doing it. Is this a collection of extraordinary films and award winners? No. Not even close. But for what they do with their meager budgets, these films should be recommended. For me, the bottom line is always, was I entertained? Did I enjoy this movie? And here the answer to both was "Yes". The first of the series is also the roughest. It opens with a sort of accident in a nuclear facility and people melt or something. Cut a few years later and a new housing community is built on the old reactor site. Some children who make a video fall into a hole and find themselves trapped in the lower levels of the structure. They are saved, but the hole is not sealed and people from the opening start to come out of the hole. Soon, the whole city is overtaken by the undead. And these zombies are fun. They switch from the fresh rotten make-up to the cheapest slap on the usual white face, but they're fun. The entire film culminates in a showdown between the last survivors of the area and the undead, with our heroes entering the lower levels of the reactor to eliminate the meat by eating zombies and sealing the hole forever! Enough cheese, but I think it was meant to be. However, it moves very fast, has buckets of macabre effects and really tries to have a certain style. The acting is uneven, but some good performances shine and you should really listen to the comments track. I went back to look at it again with that one and found that it was a lot of information about the rehearsals and the fun that the crew and the cast experienced in the movie. Director Todd Sheets seems rather proud of this, his first film, but he has no disappointments. He knows it's a trashy zombie movie, but he shows respect for the people involved. Furthermore, Sheets has a great sense of humor and a certain humble integrity that others could learn in the field of cinema. Even the backstage of Zombie Bloodbath is a lot of fun. I felt it was almost as fun as the movie for which it was made. There are some great interviews and behind-the-scenes footage mixed with news on the film from some important places like CNN, FOX and MTV. Most of all, a little funny film that is VERY rough, but it made me laugh and enjoy the journey! I've seen a lot of DV movies, and some video shots, and many are pretty boring, but this one really wasn't. While the new DV movies are technically superior, they're not just fun! Overall, this is a solid, if somewhat imperfect, version with many extras and tons of blood and splashes. While not breaking the great rules of movement, I found the series amusing and always a laugh, so I give this set a solid recommendation. Todd Sheets wasn't trying to make award-winning art here folks, he was trying, sometimes against all odds, to make zero budget fun, splattery horror and to that end, he succeeded in spades.
