Thus, once Todd Sheets declared that he considers his 1993 Z-epic shot-on-video, Zombie Bloodbath, his first feature film. Anyone who has ever seen a little beauty called Zombie Rampage knows exactly how false that statement is. I mean, what makes this much more superior? Well, then again, Zombie Rampage doesn't include that type of mullet, now does it? <br /> <br /> To fully understand why the Zombie Bloodbath is actually considered worthy of a damn thing, you have to remember how the 90s were for bad horror lovers. A decade that has done nothing but say goodbye to cinema B and Z as we knew it. Technological advances, embarrassing trends and the Internet would abolish the mysterious charm of the golden years of the big box. And anything remotely resembling quality schlock was all too self-conscious for his own good, basically to defeat the purpose. Fortunately, not everyone changes with the times. Enter Zombie Bloodbath. <br /> <br /> And I guess this is the part where I explain the exact same premise of another 500 zombie movies from the last 40 years. Well, a kind of accident in a nuclear power plant infects everyone in sight, turning them into carnivorous zombies, which go on a rampage, inflicting some of the most macabre but humorous scenes of blood in the 90s. The first 20 minutes are cluttered with the strangest conversations imaginable. Conversations that let you know that this is not just a low-budget zombie movie, this is a class Z disaster, man. a lot of hysterical acting, non-existent to go around, and this has tripled for Mr. Mullet. That boy is really the highlight of the night. <br /> <br /> The fact that Todd Sheets seriously considers the Zombie Bloodbath to be so superior to Zombie Rampage, amuses me to no end. I mean really, both are complete lines on celluloid, but then again, so is Redneck Zombies, so obviously Todd Sheets is in the company of beauty. In 1993, such an ugly film would undoubtedly have been a real parody, but Mr. Sheets maintains his bases, giving us some good old-fashioned style, the way it had to be, unconscious, clueless and useless. God bless Todd Sheets. For anyone looking for surprisingly useful 90s B-Horror, Leif Jonker's Darkness should be at the top of the list. As for Zombie Bloodbath, if you are a ghehound who was bored in 1990, then '93 would be the perfect time to go up. 8/10
