One of my most beloved favorites of all time, the cheapo and the stinko nickel'n'dime independent horror creatures, a terribly fun wonder that has been released by the formidable exploitation company Crown International Pictures. so he could play numerous fussy accounts in the 1970s and end up being repeated like crazy in several small secondary cable stations in the 1980s. Of course I saw this awful abomination on late-night television for the first time a fateful Saturday night while I was a child and I had a deep, though completely irrational, passion for him ever since. <br /> <br /> A meteor falls from the sky and crashes into the calm waters of a peaceful countryside lake, causing an existing dormant dinosaur egg to open. Obviously, the little Dino immediately becomes a gigantic prehistoric colossus that sways with teeth, with funny fins, an elongated neck and an enormous mouth full of small sharp, jagged daggers similar to stalagmites. Our male cousin fried in the south of the Loch Ness monster promptly begins to protest with the various unfortunate local yokel residents of a quiet and sleepy resort town. It is up to the sheriff and bold sheriff Richard Cardella, assisted by the painful and idiotic hasty balocco of fishing guides by Glenn Roberts and Mark Seigel, by the bizarre galia friend Kacey Cobb and by the silly and insipid nerd scientist Bob Hyman, to get to the bottom of the cose The luscious and clumsy return to the Jurassic ruins the tourist trade by eating all the campers and fishermen that the hick village earns. <br /> <br /> The director / co-writer William R. Stromberg shows a wonderfully painful life and complete incompetent incompetence when it comes to rhythm, atmosphere, tense narrative construction and, in particular, to arouse sound, a credible acting from the theatrical level cast of the amateur community. The performances are uniformly abysmal: Cardella is too insignificant and made of wood to cut it like a heroic hero, while Roberts and Seigel's antics and funny antics cause moans of incredulous teeth - you're not laughing with these two atrociously attacking the sods so much as to them, in particular when unbearable embalmers discover a severed head that moves up and down in the lake's water. Better yet, a clumsily integrated sub-plot about a criminal criminal in freedom leads to a spectacular supermarket robbery scene that degenerates into a hilarious and stupid mini-massacre when a young woman buyer interrupts the stick-up artist in mid- robbery! Even a subsequent car chase is seriously compromised; it is so softly inseparable and insignificant that one feels more relieved than frightened when the monster suddenly opens up to devour the evil fugitive. Furthermore, the entertaining animated dinosaur of stop-motion animation by David Allen is the authentic and knotty article, which projects a certain raw charisma, a devious reptilian personality and an intense screen presence that makes all the terrible human characters seemingly pathetic and dishonest . And as for the thrilling conclusion that the sheriff hires our slave beast with a bulldozer, the watchword for this compelling confrontation is in every way.
