There is not much more to say about this film than all the comments on the front page, except - as Jesse says - "they are the berries". All the commentators on page one have written eloquently - almost as much as the dialogue is in this film. This could be just one of those illusory things we hear about so much, but they are usually done this way by the actors who provide the lines: a beautiful script. Perhaps Robert Redford had a close influence on the actors / actresses during the filming of this film, so that the beauty of the story would not be lost. <br /> <br /> I too attended church when I was very young and in my late teens. The church pastor spoke in a very eloquent and silent manner as did the reverend Maclean in his church. This, in itself, is a totally different image that is depicted in the Baptist churches of the South - no holy rotation in my church. It was a large church, with many different programs to keep its congregation occupied - perhaps the most interesting was the music department with its huge choir and almost classic hymns. Even the Sunday night congregation was almost entirely composed of young people. Are you aware that once it was safe to go to church Sunday night? How I wish it were still! Watching "A river flows through it" is like listening to a beautiful sermon in a church whose members are fully involved in life. As has been written so beautifully, the sermon for this film are the open-space beauties of Montana - yet there are also no silo-missiles? Fly fishing or any other activity that brings family together for a happy life - and deep mutual understanding - becomes a blessing. Even if you see some of the darker aspects of life, even the simplicity of the story paints a lasting impression on your heart, if you let it. Speakeasies and prostitutes are counterbalanced by simple old-style picnic encounters like this film contains - in stark contrast to the modern families that bring their children to Disney Land to scream joyrides and call them "a day together". There is something wrong with this, but as "River" shows, part of his taciturn beauty can do nothing but make life richer. This is the third film I saw in which Tom Skeritt (?) Plays a father, all different styles and brilliantly acted. <br /> <br /> Brad Pitt, mostly an unknown talent, except "Thelma and Louise" and "Meet Joe Black" and all the cast members have earned many awards. Superb little stories told will get 10 out of 10 from any movie with violence, foul language, ugliness and "action". I am thinking in particular of "Crash" and most of the "Arnold" films. What a savior of peace this film is.
