(There is not much in the way of spoilers, since there is no plot to reveal, but anyway, I imagine to describe a little of what happens this way ...) This is it. This is THE most senseless film I've ever seen. There are simply no words to describe this film, although "bizarre", "ridiculous" and "ego trip" are quite close. the half hour of opening or so are really weird music videos, absolutely without plot or continuity, except that MJ falls into some of the previous ones. One of the highlights of this part of the "film" in the section where MJ is flying on a rattan airplane through what appears to be a half-open link that introduces scraps and sections cut by Yellow Submarine (dear sir you couldn't do that via. <br /> <br /> So, with just over an hour remaining, the "film" begins, with a lot of claymation (some of them really gruesome) that identify our "hero" and chase him looking for an autograph. Obviously, this leaves our wetsuits (discounted songs) somewhat worried, and manages to temporarily lose them - lucky for him, because it means he can witness a shooting star and, once again, I'm not making up, I turn a rabbit into clay, use this clever disguise to try to sneak them in, but, for reasons I can't remember right now, they see us through (oh no!) And the creepy hunt begins again. one (big shock). <br /> <br /> Shortly after the end of the chase, MJ somehow gives life to the rabbit, until he is caught by a policeman (in the middle of the desert) because it is apparently illegal to dance there. <br /> <br /> The rest of the film is equally strange, highlighting including MJ clean up a bar on the notes of Smooth Criminal, including shooting a man with his finger, not just killing the boy, but burning the its shadow in the wall, one of the nuclear fission weapons. Another good moment is when MJ, seeing Mr Big (Joe "what the hell happened to his career at this point?" Peschi) kidnaps one of the children he was friends with, magically creates a tommy gun and at another time of violence that peppering this film seemingly at random, opens fire to everything that moves. One last moment that I will mention is when MJ, surrounded by Mr Big and his private army. Seriously, this guy has dozens of people working for him, and they are decorated more as commando units than as mobsters, which I guess they are. How do you get out? Because, it turns into a robot, complete with weapons and shield. This is the third of the four transformations he makes, almost always when he is in a corner and / or on the run. <br /> <br /> This film is quite surreal, with little intertwining and virtually no continuity.
