Ah, Moonwalker, I'm a big fan of Michael Jackson, I grew up with his music, Thriller was the first music video I've ever seen. Believe it or not there was a time when Michael Jackson was like a God to the people, a time when women fainted at his sight before actually fainting before seeing his sight, I'm sorry, Michael. But Moonwalker was the one that started to be a tribute to Michael's all-time success when he released his famous record Bad, which made him the first album to have 6 top ten singles. Michael is an incredible artist, no doubt, he writes, sings, dances, but when is it about acting or keeping a story directly with his audience? not so much. <br /> <br /> We begin in a very simple way: the music, life, career, success and mania of Jackson that was the biggest star of the 80s in the world, Michael Jackson. Later, Jackson is a 1930s-style gangster who uses his powers as a criminal character to protect children. When Jackson was allowed to be near the children, we cut them off playing in a field with the children and their dog. The dog runs off, and in their search, Jackson and the children discover Mr. Big's lair, Frankie Lideo, a gangster who deals with drug dealing with an army of henchmen who wants to capture the entire population of the drugged planet earth, starting with children. Mr. Big discovers Jackson and the children, but they run away; Jackson tells the children to meet him at Club 30's, which turns out to be a haunted nightclub abandoned since the 1930s. The story returns to the Mafia attack on Jackson, and here it is revealed that Jackson is actually a magic gangster, who draws his power from the shooting stars. As one passes by the club, Jackson turns into a sports car and mows many of Mr. Big's henchmen. The story takes the children of the Club 30, and at the beginning the children are afraid, but when Jackson appears the frightening atmosphere of the club is transformed and the children meet again in the 30s. The club is now filled with zoot suiters and swing dancers. Jackson participates in a dance-off with other members of the club, which acts as a music video for "Smooth Criminal". At the peak of the song, Mr. Big throws siege to the club and kidnaps one of the children, Katie. Jackson follows them into Big's lair and ends up surrounded by his henchmen. Mr. Big appears and mentally tortures Jackson, threatening to inject Katie with highly dependent narcotics. While Katie manages to take Joe Pesci's glasses and free herself from being injected, Mr. Big decides to have enough and orders his men to kill Katie before ending Jackson, but not before a shooting star flies. Jackson turns into a giant robot and kills all of Mr. Big's soldiers. Hey, ummm, do you want more weirdness? Watch the film. Moonwalker is fun for the first half hour, as Michael's success and his hard work make his fans really appreciate once again. Is it mainly to beat your album? Yes, I like how he spends the first 25 minutes praising how fantastic it is, then we go to his song called "Leave Me Alone", which is a bit hypocritical, not that it's not a great song, just a small tour of events. Then, when we skip the acting, the story is incredibly weak: the villain pronounces his name out loud while Michael and Katie spy on him, lol, Michael is a transformer suddenly, the evil's great monstrous plan is to make the tall children Even the villain has a kind of huge ray gun that would make the Martian blush. But if there is something new that it is incredible that the film gives us is the new video of Smooth Criminal. This music video is perfection, choreography, setting, song, soft style, Michael always goes beyond perfection and Smooth Criminal is incredible. I loved Moonwalker as a child, I still watch it for fun until today, but it's not the best movie in any way, it's rather stupid, but it's okay if you're also a Michael Jackson fan. <br /> <br /> 7/10
