SAPS AT SEA is evidently a play on words in a film by Gary Cooper, SOULS AT SEA. The title rightly describes the starring team, Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy. who embark on an ocean voyage to soothe Ollie's nerves only to meet the escaped murderer Nick Grainger. As played by Rychard Cramer, this criminal is both funny and chilling, making it a nice demonstration for the comic characters of the Boys. Despite his powerful presence, Cramer never exceeds the Boys, a tribute to the seductive charisma of Stan and Ollie. It is as it should be, since the Boys should be the protagonists of this film. <br /> <br /> Such is the charm of the characters of Laurel and Hardy that elevate the average material. For SAPS AT SEA has its weaknesses. For example, as a previous commentator noted, a bit where a doctor (the delightfully agitated James Finlayson) attempts a balloon called a "lung tester" on Ollie, the punch is missing. The scenario is very episodic, with the first part taking place in the boys' apartment, almost completely foreign to the second part where they go to sea. But overall, the film is a very pleasant entertainment with a sufficiently short execution time, so that it does not end with its welcome. <br /> <br /> There is a certain intensity in the vision of the final collaboration between Laurel and Hardy and the producer Hal Roach. I haven't seen all of Laurel's and Hardy's post-1940 movies, but the ones I've seen aren't up to par with Hal Roach's weaker products. In these latest films, Laurel and Hardy seem to be in an alien environment, deprived of supportive players as colorful as Finlayson and Charlie Hall and Marvin Hately and LeRoy Shield with his musical scores. Furthermore, they are not the well-intentioned and optimistic bumblers we know and love, but in later films, they are exasperating blockheads or pathetic maladjusted people. <br /> <br /> It is a pity that many films by Hal Roach Laurel and Hardy are now generally not available to the public. Even in a minor voice like SAPS AT SEA, we see that Laurel and Hardy were great comedians. This is because Hal Roach, for the most part, allowed Stan Laurel, the leading force behind the team, to complete artistic freedom. Once Laurel lost her autonomy in other studies, the team lost much of its uniqueness.
