This is my third comment here that attempts to link two legendary groups of cinematographic comedies: Laurel & Hardy and Abbott & Costello. The connection here is the year 1940. This is the date when the first made their last film from their longtime Hal Roach studio. I will mention the meaning of the latter later. In addition to being the last time Stan and Ollie worked the sack of fun, it's also the last time they would appear with supportive players as familiar as Charlie Hall and James Finlayson who appeared in most of their films. It is also the last time that Art Lloyd was their cameraman and Marvin Hatley - who composed their thematic song that would be known as "The Cuckoo Song" (Dance of the Cuckoos) - their score. And it would be the last time that Stan Laurel will be allowed to exercise complete creative control over what happens in the movies. If in this L & H movie there is a duller structure than usual, it's nice to know that many of those gags are really funny. This includes most of the sound and visual effects, the latter provided by the longtime Roach staff Roy Seawright. In this, Ollie has "hornophobia" from working in a noisy horn factory, so Dr. Finlayson prescribes going overboard for his rest. Ollie doesn't like boating, so Stan suggests renting one that is moored so they don't have to go anywhere. After finding what he likes, we discover that Nick Grainger (Richard Cramer) has just escaped ... I will stop there and say that this was a good ending for the long L & H house as one could hope for. It's hilarious mostly from beginning to end and knowing that this would be their last for the man partly responsible for their team is really touching when you think about this. Oh, and I still have a couple of times to say: it's the last film appearance of both Harry Bernard, who plays a port cop after meeting Stan and Ollie as a cop, and that of Ben Turpin, the cross-eyed cartoon who was born in New Orleans, a couple of hours away from my current hometown of Baton Rouge, whose second appearance in L & H was to "marry" the guys from Our Wife. The latter performer has in particular a genuine comic moment. Okay, I mentioned 1940 as the year when Stan and Ollie released their latest film from Hal Roach Studios. It was also the first year that a team of comedies, both born in the state of New Jersey, would have taken their first photograph in what would be their home studio, Universal. The director of that film would have been the same one who led L & H in The Flying Deuces the previous year. His name was A. Edward Sutherland. Post scriptum It was during this shoot that screenwriter Virginia Lucille Jones had an accident with a rolled up carpet. That incident prompted Oliver "Babe" Hardy to send his roses to his hospital room. They fell in love and were married on 7 March 1940. It lasted until Babe's death in 1957.
