Following BLOCK-HEADS and A CHUMP AT OXFORD, two films that are difficult to reach. Not that SAPS AT SEA is a bad movie - it's the last good play (unless you insist on JITTERBUGS or another of the following films) that Laurel and Hardy have made. It's just a small, rambling film, without the crazy destructive crescendo of BLOCK-HEADS or the amazing vision of Stan's "real" personality in A CHUMP AT OXFORD to have fun. At 57 minutes it is shorter than the other two films a bit, but in reality it is not a bad point for this. He just has time to hit the right notes. It is not as special as the other two. <br /> <br /> Stan and Ollie work in a factory that produces horns. I suspect there is some Chaplin influence in this sequence (remember an incident similar to an assembly line in MODERN TIMES only four years earlier). Ollie's nerves break and he is furious. He goes home and (of course) his roommate Stan doesn't help - Stan has a music lesson with an eccentric professor on his instrument (you have it - a trombone). After beating up the poor professor, Ollie has problems with the incompetent janitor / engineer (Ben Turpin in a beautiful appearance), and then confronts his doctor (Jimmy Finleyson) and his nervous tester (a balloon that swells while doing out of Ollie's Stomach air). Finleyson announces that this is a bad case of "horniphobia", and Ollie needs a holiday with lots of silence and goat's milk. They end up going on a ship, but Ollie and Stan know nothing about seamanship, so they plan to sleep on the ship. Unfortunately the goat eats the rope until it breaks and the ship sets sail. Unfortunately, there is also Richard Cramer on board, a dangerous criminal who escaped. This will not be a peaceful vacation. <br /> <br /> SAPS AT SEA (like A CHUMP) could have been three short films, one in the factory, one in the apartment and one in the boat. Each of them would have been a successful short film, and all of them make a funny film - but the seams of the parts show together. There are some very funny moments in the film - the discoveries of how Turpin's ineptitude causes various setbacks with taps and stoves in the apartment; the accidental observations of the building manager Charlie Hall when Stan or Ollie runs after him and asks for directions ("Can you help me find the basement?", asks Stan: "Of course, you can't lose it: it's downstairs!" says Hall , who realizes what a stupid comment he just made); and the mistreatment of Cramer to his two slave slaves. He calls Ollie "Dizzy" and Stan "Daffy" (allusion to the Dean Brothers of the St. Louis Cardinal's team of the 1930s - see THE PRIDE OF ST LOUIS by Dan Dailey). Cramer has the guys who cook food for him - and they prepare a synthetic meal (the laces of the spaghetti boots, for example) to make him sick to be overwhelmed. When he understands what they have done, he forces them to eat alone. Their reactions are brilliant. <br /> <br /> SAPS AT SEA is not on par with the main line of Laurel & Hardy's films, but it is a good film overall, and a good conclusion for the best years of their film career (1927 - 1940 ) when they were with Hal Roach. In the immediate couple of years before it appeared, the boys and Roach had serious problems of production costs (OUR RELATIONS, where Stan was the producer of the film), artistic problems (SWISS MISS scenes were cut meaningless) and contractual topics (which led to Ollie appearing with Harry Langdon in ZENOBIA). Stan and Ollie responded with THE FLYING DEUCES, in which the production was not from Roach but from Boris Morros. In the end an agreement with two photos of A CHUMP AT OXFORD and SAPS AT SEA concluded the arguments and the problems - and with great note the boys left Roach. Unfortunately they have never found any subsequent film relationship with a satisfying producer like this.
