I really enjoyed this movie a lot more than anything that led me to anticipate; reading other comments here, I suspect it will benefit enormously from being seen on a full screen in the cinema, in the company of a cheerful and enthusiastic audience. I was lucky enough to have that experience, I laughed about rippling laughter from all the surroundings, and I enjoyed immensely with this undemanding comedy. <br /> <br /> Because it's like a comedy that shines, if it shines everywhere. The music is nothing special - in fact, I didn't realize that * it was * a musical, and I was very surprised when the assembled ancestors broke out in lyrics for half - but I have to admit that the half threat, the half promise of Oh, what I'm going to do ... 'turned out to be much more engaging than it ever seemed at that moment, because it keeps going round and round in my head! <br /> <br /> The plot, as it is, largely hinges on the past history of the eponymous Francesca, a sixteenth-century portrait who wears a hairstyle and a decidedly anachronistic fur. His idea about the sacredness of marriage does not match perfectly with that of his distant descendant, the countess Angelina, and one can almost hear the plot creak under the solicitations of the Production Code to make sure that the heroine arrives without interruption in her bed very late marriage with the right man ... <br /> <br /> The love story is not nearly shocking, and in fact the first scenes, played quite well, border on the boring. But where screenplay and movies really come to life is in the battle of the sexes that follows. The impudence of Douglas Fairbanks Jr's engagement in Betty Grable's wife Angelina is matched only by the research of Betty-Grable-as-Francesca in turn, culminating in a complete reversal of roles in the funny fantasy sequence in which she - literally - sweeps his feet away. This is probably the comic climax of the plot, although the consequences of the colonel's understandable confusion are resolved with a clever touch in the remaining two "acts" of the operetta structure, and Fairbanks's blissful and amused awakening spectacle is more or less true the admission price in its own right. <br /> <br /> Grable is completely convincing in establishing his two contrasting characters, wisely obtaining almost all the (limited) opportunities to sing and he shares the honors where the parts of quotable dialogue in the various verbal duels. But in the field of unexpressed reaction she is really outclassed by her male support contacts; Fairbanks in particular is a real treat in a number of wordless sequences whose set-up and humor are worthy of the silent screen. <br /> <br /> This film is too uneven to be a classic, ranging from a sparkling response to too much boredom. But at his best he is quite honest, really very funny, and he brought a series of spontaneous cheers and laughter through the auditorium at the end as the lights went on. In tune with his times, he might not have attracted the contemporary public - but, on this occasion, he didn't really deserve to be disowned by Grable and Preminger, the director (uncredited). This is not a masterpiece, but a very entertaining minor job, and I was the first to find myself smiling all the way home.
