In my opinion Spider-Man is the best superhero ever, and this game is the best superhero game ever. Although it might be a bit easy, you have to play with it several times to get all the costumes and covers for the comics, which makes up for the ease with which you can get past the game. At first it may seem difficult to control, but once you learn how to do it, there will be web-slinging like Spider-Man himself. <br /> <br /> The bosses, while the levels are pretty easy, fun. The first boss, Scorpion, is incredibly easy to beat, which shouldn't be the case because, as comic book fans know, Scorpion is one of Spider-Man's deadliest villains. The second boss, Rhino, is also very simple. The third leader is Venom, which is in my opinion the easiest garment in the game, which certainly shouldn't be. The fourth head is again Venom. This time, it's a little harder to beat but still easy. The fifth leader is Mysterio, which I think is the funniest piece to beat in the game. He is also one of the toughest bosses, but again, still quite easy. The next boss is Carnage, that is, you guessed it, easy to beat. But Carnage is really fun to fight. The seventh boss is Doctor Octopus, which is as easy as all the other bosses, but it's not as easy as the others because it has a shield. The eighth and final boss is exclusive to the game, never in a comic book or in a cartoon. I won't ruin it for you of those of you who haven't played the game, but the boss is the only boss in the game who isn't too easy. It took me 4 or 5 attempts to beat while the others beat me on the first or second attempt. <br /> <br /> All in all, a great game. I gave him an 8 out of 10. The reasons why I didn't give him a 9 or 10 are that once you get all the costumes and the covers of the comics it gets a little boring (getting all those things will take some time ), it is not very accurate according to the comics or the cartoon show, the bosses are too easy, and they should have used Hobgoblin and / or Green Goblin as boss, I think it would be fun to fight someone flying in the air! They haven't even used them in the sequel to this game! Well, the Green Goblin is the villain in the next Spider-Man movie, so hopefully they'll make a video game based on the movie.
