Jacknife is a war movie that is as far from the war as war movies. It can hardly be classified as a war movie, because the only way any war has an effect on the story or the characters is in their memories, and even these are hardly ever shown. It poses very interesting questions about life, especially in the way the movie slogan says that only one of them is really alive (and anyway, even if the slogan refers only to Dave (Ed Harris) and Megs (Robert DeNiro), he is speaking of all three characters in the film). Dave and Megs were friends in the Vietnam War, and Megs returned to take Dave on a fishing trip that they had been planning for much longer than anyone could imagine. <br /> <br /> DeNiro offers a perfect interpretation of the character of Megs, that we are not sure if we would like it or if it was really crazy as Martha thinks. Dave reminds Martha several times that Megs is not her friend, but just someone she knows. There's a big scene at the beginning of the movie where Megs came out to grab a six-pack of beer from his breakfast car, and he's right around the corner from the room when Dave says this. Meg stops for a moment and then enters the room with a smile and a huge greeting. It is not later that you realize how Megs must have felt when he heard it, having been the one to remember what they planned to do on this day. It reminds me of the old man's falsity, "Of course, let's do it", which people say so often to each other, never having plans to do such a thing. <br /> <br /> Ed Harris delivers a wonderful show like Dave, who never overcame the effects the war had on him. Even many years later he failed to overcome the death of a friend during the war, blaming himself for this up until now and drowning his life in alcohol, cigarettes and loneliness. All he wants, he says, is for people to leave him alone. This is not a man who lives his life as he wants, if people leave him in peace or not, he is a man who tries to forget that he is alive, to break away as much as possible from the world of the living. <br /> <br /> His sister Martha reminds me of myself, at least in terms of my roommates. I have two roommates who are 21 and 24 years old, and they both act like they are still living with their mothers, expecting their messes to go away as soon as they leave the room for a while. One in particular (the older one, unfortunately enough), has absolutely no idea how to take care of himself, I'm surprised he doesn't have to wipe his chin while eating. Martha has to do the same for her brother, who waits with one hand and one foot as he goes through life from one hangover to another. Martha and Dave are stuck in a stagnant life and none of them can get out of it until something important changes, and Dave is the one who needs to make the change. <br /> <br /> I tend to complain about romance in films where it doesn't belong as much as Roger Ebert complains about those pathetic little voltage devices, the red digital reading. But in this case, I don't think the love story that develops between Megs and Martha has had any negative effects on the rest of the film. On the contrary, it made it much more interesting, because it was not predictable. The problem with romantic subplots in Bruckheimer films and so on is that they are so predictable that you wait for the obvious end to come and hope something interesting happens along the way. In this case, however, it's not so obvious that something could happen between Megs and Martha because we don't know enough about Megs. Martha may be right about him, who is one of Dave's crazy war buddies and who is not the kind of man he should ever go out with. Dave certainly encourages this idea. <br /> <br /> (spoiler) A couple of years after this film, DeNiro did Cape Fear, where he plays a deranged criminal for revenge against the lawyer who took him prisoner, a character who, in retrospect, makes it easy enough to think that perhaps at the end of Jacknife Martha realizes her mistake, gets rid of Megs, and she and Dave compensate each other because he saved her from a horrible relationship and then decides to clean up her act because she did something good for her. I almost expected this to happen, so I was pleasantly surprised when Martha and Megs came together and were even more pleasantly surprised when Megs asked Dave all the questions about what they were going to do after the war ended. <br /> <br /> Sometimes this is a slow drama, but Jacknife is fun along the way and has tremendous success in the end, which surprisingly surprises without being picky. There is an excess of emotion at the end of the film that does not fit in perfectly with the rest of the film, but it is so beautiful that it does not diminish anything of what the film has achieved so far. All those who participate give a wonderful performance, and it is one of those rare films that makes you want to get up and shake your fists victoriously in the air.
