The combination of reading the novel and seeing this film has inspired my wife and I to new levels. Recently I was reflecting on a statement made by the artist Thomas Kinkade in one of his inspirational books; He says: "You and I were not designed to breathe the fetid air of five o'clock traffic, nor do I think God had trivial television programs in mind, media hype, useless purchases and soul pollution when he created the universe .. "I had not seen" A river flows through it "in a couple of years, but after thinking about Kinkade's statement something attracted me to watch the film with a spiritual eye. I looked at it and saw a whole new world in the film and it inspired me to read the book (absolutely to read). I've always been frustrated in southern California, but somehow I got trapped in his materialistic society. The film really puts into perspective the way we should really experience God's creations. A combination of Macleans history and my desire to return to the northwest prompted me to move to Montana. I want my future children to be able to dominate the landscape, go fishing with the fly with me, ride horses in the void, but an open land and serene lakes set in the mountain. A place where you rarely worry about crime. I look around SoCal and all I see are malls, rude people who growl in their Mercedez Bens, miles of vehicles on congested highways, gangs, racial unrest on the verge of a violent eruption, and all skeptical of the intentions of others . <br /> <br /> However the film is very inspiring with a brilliant acting and a deep story about the fragile connections of loved ones. There is a lot of deep thought in this film. The scenario is worth seeing alone and actually helps to relieve tension. You should finish this movie relaxed but full of insights about your life. It takes a compassionate, intelligent and spiritual person to really grasp the meaning. If you do not understand the art of cinema and how a director achieves his goals through dialogue, tone, light, colors, landscapes, camera / movement angles, etc. So this film is probably not for the crowd that thinks "The Fast and the Furious" is the biggest movie. Of course it was fun but superficial. <br /> <br /> The bottom line: this film helps you understand that life does not depend on how much money you have or what things you have. Rather, it's about your relationships with family and friends and the experiences you share together. QUALITY NOT QUANTITY
