'The Italian' is among the large or quasi-large films of 1915 that are available today. The year was a turning point for the feature film, particularly in America: "Hypocrites" by Lois Weber, "The Cheat" by Cecil B. DeMille and, of course, D.W. "The Birth of a Nation" by Griffith has set new benchmarks for art. Also, that year, Russian filmmaker Yevgeni Bauer made two of his best films, "After Death" and "Daydreams". Even the French serial Les Vampires has its admirers, even if they disagree with them. The emergence of the feature film was led by Europe, mainly from Denmark, France and Italy, but the dominance of this market and, up to a certain point, art moved across the Atlantic in 1915. <br /> <br /> The most important artistic achievement of "The Italian" is its extraordinary and often innovative cinematography. There are some picturesque sunsets, moving shots, including a short angled aerial shot of Italian racing to buy a wedding ring and another shot of him holding up a moving car, and, in general, there is wise use of various shooting angles and expert lighting everywhere. A particularly surprising shot is a close-up of the furious Italian as he slowly approaches the camera for an extreme close-up, referring to D.W. Griffith's 'Musketeers of Pig Alley' (1912). He is so infuriated that his environment begins to shake his anger. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the filmmaker seems to be unknown. The director, although originally without credit in the film, is known to have been Reginald Barker. About five of his other Ince films are available today, but they are quite irrelevant. "Civilization" (1916), on which he worked, was a great production, but a deeply flawed film. By the way, I imagine that one or more of the various filmmakers who worked on "Civilization" have also photographed "The Italian". <br /> <br /> Furthermore, the entire production is very advanced by then. Venice and New York are well represented despite the film being shot in Los Angeles (for romantic Venice) and San Francisco (for the New York ethnic slums). There are numerous flashbacks, although perhaps one or two too many. I especially like the ingenious framing of the story as read in a book by a character played by the same actor, George Beban, who is also the protagonist in the main inner narrative. The reading of the story is further briefly framed by the opening at the beginning and the closing at the end of the curtains, at the theater, which is reflected in the inner story during the revenge of the climax in the child's room, with the opening and closing of curtains from window. Parallel editing, fading inside the camera and irises are handled expertly. Furthermore, Beban and Clara Williams, like his wife, play their parts well. <br /> <br /> On the other hand, "The Italian" has some drawbacks. The first moments of the comedy clash rather disharmonically with the last parts of the hard and heavy melodrama, even if the environmental changes from romantic Italy to naturalistic New York work well, especially because they are supported by lighting and photography. The harsh dissolution of the American dream in this film, augmented by harsh photography, must have been moving for the immigrant classes that included a disproportionately large population of the public going to the movies at that time. The character of Corrigan should have been prefigured more; his brief introduction to the campaign for another politician seems inadequate for his subsequent centrality to Italian revenge. In addition, the filmmakers were either naive informed or negligent in order not to explain the child's lack of breastfeeding and the unjustified belief in the healing powers of tranquility for the other child. Apart from the shortcomings in the plot, "The Italian" is exceptionally well done.
