Have you seen the graduate? It was hailed as the film of his generation. But A River Runs Through It is the story of all generations. Long before the character of Dustin Hoffman was involved in the traps of modern suburbs, Norman Maclean and his brother Paul were facing the same pressing pressures to grow while trying to find their place in the world. But how could a place like the first WW1 Montana be a showcase for the American family, at a time when the Wild West had not yet completely disappeared? What has Maclean used to hit so deeply who we all are and what we have to go through to find ourselves? When the film opens, Norman is an old man, fly fishing beside a fast-flowing river, trying to understand the course his own life has taken. The film is literally a journey through his stream of consciousness, against current time and back to when he was a boy. He and his younger brother Paul were the sons of a Presbyterian pastor and devoted mother. Parents adapt perfectly to their roles. Mom takes care of home and home. Dad does the work of the Lord. The boys reflect on what they will be when they grow up. Norm has confined himself to a boxer or minister like his father. Given the choice, little Paul would be the boxer, since he said his first choice of professional fisherman doesn't even exist. The boys grow up and get in trouble with their jokes, fight to see who is the hardest and do the things that the brothers do while they attend church and take part in all other spiritual matters like fly fishing. They are in similar places in their lives before college. But when Norm returns from his six years at Dartmouth, things are very different. Paul is at the top of his game. Fly fishing master. Degree of a nearby college and journalist who knows every policewoman at the rhythm and every judge on the bench. Norman is incredibly well educated for his days, but he has no idea what to do with his life, even though his father rewards him for what he intends to do. It remains to you that at least in Pops, God will call you for the work of your life. But you must remain open and ready to receive it - for life. The Father has always led his boys to reflect along the river and contemplate the eternal words of God. "Listen," their father urges. It's both Zen and Quakerly at the same time. Quite radical for a stoic ecclesiastic. But with all the beauty and contemplation, and even if the Macleans are truly a God-fearing family and writer of the Scriptures, how is it that the family of Rev. Maclean is destroying? Paul is the real perfection while fishing the river, but he feels the call of gambling and alcohol, while his family does not know how to prevent him from ending up where he seems to be headed. Mom, dad and brother seem to have the same peaceful despair of not knowing what they should do and why they don't seem to be helping. Pauly only gives a nod with his irresistible charm. But the younger brother is losing his grip. Norman starts getting back on track, finding love and career, but Paul continues to slip. The family that loves him looks helplessly. Mother, Father, Brother struggle in their own way trying to help, but none very effectively. How can a family that you love so much be so ill-equipped to handle this? How can anyone be so clever and full of grace when it is in the nature of God, and yet be somehow unsuitable or reluctant to adapt to the constructs of society that the peoples of God have created for themselves? These are all questions that Norman will reflect on his entire life. The eternal words under the smooth stones of the river haunt him forever, but they keep their secrets. The film is beautiful to see. This is certainly God's country, and the shooting won an Oscar. Director Robert Redford plays with the story of the book and teases the narrative a bit to follow the emotional pattern he is presenting, and it works well. But go back and read the book too. You'll see that Norman has made connections with his old man even deeper than the movie could suggest - and you'll see the places where the narrator's own words gurgle and sing directly on the page with an exuberance of a river flowing through the unknown .
