I read Norman Maclean's story and the film did justice to Norman Maclean's writing. My husband tends to reread it from time to time, and I read it myself and the scenes in the film keep coming to mind. We have videos of many Redford films and we have seen "A river flows through" many times. Redford is part of the "fammily" as he is always around. We never tire of the perception that Redford has of Norman Maclean's writings and the beauty of Montana. The script reminds me a lot of my education, since my father had the same vocation as Mr. Maclean's father. According to "A river flows through it", "Methodists are Baptists who know how to read", a phrase that is not in the story, but I think it's a funny joke! My husband and I are well read Baptists! <br /> <br /> I heard a film critic that the pace of this film is too slow. I do not agree. As a search for inner peace, this is the kind of film that will make you contemplate the beauty of nature in three / four rhythms of the metronome. Photography is exceptional! The acting is great. I love the scene where Norman and Paul, as boys, talked and wondered if you could be a fisherman or a boxer! Then Paul Paul played by Brad Pitt (Se7ven) is the "perfect guy" who needs help with his alcoholism but will not accept it. The same goes for Neal Burns, who uses worms as bait, he also needs help but does not accept the fact that he needs help. The scene in which Paolo refuses to eat oatmeal and the whole family must wait for eternity to say grace! Finally after hours, they all kneel around the table to say, "Grace!" and they all go away. But the oatmeal remained on the plate! That scene where the two love birds and their tattoos on their posteriors! It is funny! Sunburn! The journey back home where Jessie Burns (Emily Lloyd) decides to go through the railway line! Beautiful dialogue when Norman proposes to Jessie why he wants her to come to Chicago with him! <br /> <br /> Redford himself does a great job as a storyteller. I couldn't stop myself from comparing Brad to the young Redford (Barefoot in the Park). The nominated director, producer and actor is a visionary who deserves to be praised for his advancement not only in the United States but throughout the world. I am happy to live in the nineteenth century because I saw the beginning of black and white television, movies and all the technology and special effects, to be able to watch videos at home and live in the same century as Redford because I had the chance to see his works. Redford needs no special effects to show us the beauty of Montana in this masterpiece. The river for me means that line that separates life from death, memories and realities. Redford shows the hands of the Creator so beautifully and a river flows through it.
