Coonskin could be my favorite Ralph Bakshi movie. Like the best of his work, he is in-your-face and not ashamed for a second, but unlike some of his other works (even when it's at its best, which was before and after Coonskin with Heavy Traffic and Wizards) , is not very irregular, despite appearances to the contrary. Bakshi is taking on stereotypes and perceptions of race, of course, but he is also doing what appears to be a free-wheeling film; almost blaxploitation, although Bakshi does not stop there. If it were just a blaxploitation film with an inventive animation, it could be enough for a substantial functionality. But Bakshi's goals are higher: to throw up these grotesque and exaggerated images not only of blacks but Italians / mafiosi, homosexuals, Jews, in general of New York in the urban quarters of Manhattan in the 70s, he is not willing to do anything realistic . The most normal-looking creation in the "real" design aspect is, in effect, a naked woman painted in red, white and blue. <br /> <br /> In mocking these stereotypes and conventions and horrible forms of racism (ie, the - short, little "joke, yes joke, more black face), we are looking at abstraction to a great extent. And above all , Bakshi doesn't take himself too seriously, unlike Spike Lee with a film like Bamboozled, in delivering his message, which is why, for the most part, Coonskin is a hilarious work, in which some of the images and of things and sudden twists and, of course, scenes of embarrassing behavior (I loved the scene in which the three animated characters were talked about by the real-life white couple in a tuxedo and dressed as looking "colorful" and the like), they are simply too much not to laugh. It's not just the imagery, which is in itself incredibly "over" -stated, but that the script is clear and, this time for Bakshi is important, has a narrative that is cohesive enough to put together improvisations andmadness. <br /> <br /> Using live-action first, then animation, and then an extremely clever pairing between the two (ironically, what Bakshi later went into commercial form with Cool World ended up here with a T with less money and a rougher side), Pappy and Randy are waiting outside a prison wall for a friend to escape, and Pappy tells the story of Brother Rabbit, who together with Brother Bear and Fox Preacher go to Harlem and become big thugs time, with Rabbit in direct opposition to a character from the Godfather Jabba-the-Hut-esquire. This is obviously a take-off of Song of the South with intentionally cheerful plot and animation, dismantled here and shown as it is really rotten and offensive. <br /> <br /> But Bakshi goes for the broken combination of shapes; animated characters stand behind and move with live-action backgrounds; when there is violence, gunfire and fighting it is damn damaging for 1975; when a dirty cop is in a bar and is drugged and put on a black face and a suit, he stumbles in a way that not even Disney could reach with Dumbo; a boxing match with Brother Bear and an opponent like the climax is filmed in slow motion wild; from time to time portray archive footage of old movies, some from the 1920s that are just insignificant. <br /> <br /> Like Mel Brooks or Kubrick or, more recently, South Park, Bakshi's Coonskin functions as entertainment first and then according to thought provocation. It is also a daring film making on an independent scale; everything, from long takes to editing and infinitely deformed designs for characters (all of which are based on the theme of the piece), all serve the thought in the script, where the B-movie plot opens up much more to interpretation. The point is missing to call it racist; it's like calling the pro-atomic desolation of Dr. Strangelove or the slavery of the Confederate States of America. And, for me, it's one of the best satires ever made.
