After finally seeing Walt Disney's Song of the South on myspace, I decided to look at Ralph Bakshi's answer to the Coonskin-on Afro Video movie that I linked from Google Video. In this, during the live-action sequences, Preacherman (Charles Gordone) takes his friend Sampson (Barry White) to take Pappy (Scatman Crothers) and Randy (Philip Thomas, years earlier added Michael for his second name professionally ) while the last two run away from prison. During their attempt, Pappy tells Randy a story about Brother Rabbit (Thomas's voice), Brother Bear (White) and Preacher Fox (Gordone) and their adventures in Harlem. As expected in many of these Bakshi efforts, there is a mix of animation and live-action that provides a unique point of view from the writer / director who is sure to offend some people. Another charming animated character is Miss America who is a great - as in all gigantic ways - a white blond woman dressed in tight red, white and blue stars and stripes who has a grip on a little black man and turns him into one of the most sexually violent ways that shocked me! There are many scenes of this kind scattered throughout the image of which another which concerned the frontal anatomy of Brother Bear also provided me with great laughter. There is also a part of a woman who tells her child about a "cockroach" who was friends with those who left her and who was touching herself with that part that seemed to be a tribute to the cartoonist George Herriman. I was also fascinated by listening to Grover Washington Jr.'s version of "Is not No Sunshine" heard as part of the score. The most convincing part of the photo was to see the same Scatman depicted with his head in silhouette during the credit opening sequence singing and shooting towards a song that used it using the word N in a satirical way. When I saw a VHS cover of this film years ago, he had painted Brother Rabbit insolently in front of what looked like Warner circles with the slogan "This movie will offend EVERYONE". This is a great warning to anyone who thinks that all cartoons are meant for children. That being said, I definitely recommend Coonskin to Bakshi fans and all forms of animation.
