A stunning realization occurs when some sort of phenomenon occurs !! Whether firecrackers pop up, witness a robbery, a hurricane that casually destroys everything in its path, or, indeed, any other spectacular event !! In the case of the Maclean family, however, the alarm was something that was no more complex than their daily lives. The city of Pontedera at the beginning of the 20th century was a rough and tumultuous environment ... The Maclean family consisted of four people . the people, the father, a minister, who was ideologically driven to raise his family correctly. His wife was God-fearing and respectful. The two boys were, well ... BOYS !! .. What else can we say? ... Brad Pitt starred in this movie before it was really IL !! Brad Pitt, and his acting in this film was, to say the least, remarkable !!! .. His brother, Norman, was cerebral, he was touched by emotions that were genuine and motivated by a set of values ​​that Missoula, Montana agrees !! Paul (Brad Pitt) was a maladjusted by compensation, and lived on the fringes ... One might think that Montana in the 1920s had nothing of the sort, yet somehow gambling, drinking and confrontation violent, they were an integral part of Paul, as was his fly fishing rod !! Flying fish!! Did I say this? This is the heart of the theme of this film !! The recreation of fly fishing served as a cohesive bond that homogenized the kindred spirits of the Maclean brothers and, to a lesser extent, the father !! I would describe acting in this film as incredibly believable, and cinematography has gone beyond the sensational .. Let's put it this way, anyone who sees this film will want to live in Montana .. Breathtaking filmography of bluer bluer mountains and streams captured the youth and excitement that the Maclean brothers have had for life ... Rarely in a film are you a witness for which the feelings immediately invoke an obstinate tenacity to realize whatever it may be that someone wishes to realize ... The Maclean brothers have lived life to the full, and for better or worse, the father knew that this would be the only way the two of them could become men !! ... Robert Redford directs this film and tells the story of Maclean through the perspective of his older brother, Norman ... Norman is offered at the University of Chicago at the age of 26 and marries the woman he will always love ... What this film emphasizes is that the younger brother, Paul, has achieved a result just like the epitome of a remarkable fly fisherman !! The darker side of life prevails in the existence of the younger brother and carries out an insidious form of consternation for the Maclean family !! Like most human deficiencies, the Maclean family shed light on the turbulent waters, (literally) and therefore, established unity as a family, putting the necessary blinders on !!! <br /> <br /> At the end of the film "River Runs Through It" presents an epigram of life through the eyes of his older brother .. For Norman Maclean, stoicism is a prerequisite for perseverance in his years of emeritus !! This fate is largely due to the fact that reflecting on his life is tantamount to wanting people who have died! The fond memories of his brother, his wife, his mother and his father, must now be considered philosophically !! For Norman, his life was relegated to stubborn facts that determined his dubious vision and his precarious resolution! Something as simple as the statement "This was your life, and that's how you lived it" is a dark memory of joy, of pain, of regrets and of love, gave, as was the recipient of !! The best thing was in the last sermon his father listened to, his father said "We can completely love someone without completely understanding them." Whether you agree with what happened in your life or not, it happened anyway! Norman Maclean has to deal with the fact that his life has been fragmented by misunderstandings! Norman Maclean has become a decrepit octogenarian who is polarized by virtual conclusions for his life !! The murky waters of the picturesque rivers of Montana serve as a vicious and bleak finalization to his years on earth !! Undoubtedly, the prolific statement of "what seems complicated is really very simple" conveys a very harsh message in this film ... More simply put ... The people and places that were important in Norman's life are now just bittersweet memory .... only a painful intellectual reflection of events that are aggravated by the rivers infested by the rivers and rivers of Montana ... To which, for the whole Maclean family, "all things come together in one and a river flows Through it"
