There's a Mick Garris legion that hates out there that he feels he can't direct a quality horror movie if he should. E, SLEEPWALKERS (.. screenplay written by Stephen King) is often used as an example of this. I like SLEEPWALKERS, although I am fully aware that Garris just says F # ck and lets all hell break out for about fifteen minutes in the movie. Forget the character or plot development, who needs it anyway. It is a violent chaos and a bloody carnage as a mother and child couple of "sleepwalkers" (feline-shapeshifter human-creatures that suck the life force from innocent virgin females, moving from one city to another, living an existence nomad, really powerful) seen on a teenager who doesn't give up without a fight. Before all is said and done, many will be slaughtered since a mother will not tolerate the possible death of her beloved child. <br /> <br /> Garris loses some time to prepare those to perform, as a teacher (Glenn Shadix), suspecting he is beautiful, all the American charmer Charles Brady (Brian Krause) to be someone completely different from what he says, his hand is torn and his neck torn off. Charles attracts beautiful virgins in his arms, drawing their energy, in turn "feeding" his hungry mother, Maria (Alice Krige). The new target is Tanya Robertson (Mädchen Amick), and it seems to be an easy catch, but it won't be and when Charles is seriously injured in a fight (thanks to a vice cat, Clovis), Mary's revenge will be collected on all those who make their way. Mary, come to hell or high water, you will recover Tanya in order to "refresh" her dying son. <br /> <br /> Like many teenagers, I had a crush on certain actresses I saw in the movies. Like Amy Dolenz, I was struck by Mädchen Amick. He is simply adorable in this film and I adore how he bites his lower lip showing an obvious attraction to Charles, unaware of his ulterior motives. I only knew that Mädchen Amick would have been destined to become a screaming queen, but it would never have been so. Too bad because I would have welcomed her in the genre with open arms. <br /> <br /> Krige is as exquisite as the threatening, damn sexy, but vicious and nasty bitch that wipes out an entire police force and Tanya's poor parents in one fell swoop, in less than ten minutes. He stabbed himself in the back with a corn cob! He bites his fingers from poor Ron Perlman, before breaking his arm (a bone sticking out), knocking him unconscious with his own elbow! Throw Tanya's mother through a window after breaking a vase of roses on her father's face! A deputy is stabbed in his ear by Charles (Cop-kebab!), Falling on the pencil for an extra impact. Poor Tanya is dragged by her hair from her house by Mary, taken to the Brady house and forced into an impromptu dance with the crippled monster! The sheriff is thrown on a fence and we see how cats fight sleepwalkers unlike humans. We see the abilities of Mary and Charles to "tarnish" themselves and their cars using a power of invisibility. The writer Stephen King even finds time to include himself and his horror film-making friends in a sequence of crime scenes with Clive Barker and Tobe Hooper as photography experts, Joe Dante and John Landis as photography experts. <br /> <br /> The film is shot in an ironic way, letting go to the music with the music that appropriately hammered this technique at home. It is ultraviolence, as simple as this, with bad behavior and black humor as compliments to Garris' direction and to King's script. The incestuous corner of the sleepwalkers is a bit jarring and in-your-face. Without a nuance of complexity, this is closer to his demented MAXIMIMUM OVERDRIVE by King than to his more serious works.
