Batman and Superman. Iconic. The best part of a century. Who doesn't know about these two? There must be countless fans who would die to make a film about them. Sandy Collora has gone ahead and put together a trailer for a film like that (which does not exist, and is not created, much less by this team). Perhaps what makes the most sense is how lucid it is. In all, cinematography is solid. Assembly is perfect. Production values, even with costumes that look more like their comic counterparts than those of feature films that feature these characters, are quite high. It looks pretty "Hollywood", this trailer. The physical types adapt, as far as I can tell, to each individual character. The lines are reasonably written. The shots are well thought out, well done and quite effective. However, this has problems, and despite its good looks, it does not perfectly combine Grayson's energy and skill (which had only the problem of staggering too much back and forth between a short and a trailer, and also like unbridled passion which leads to the inclusion of too many characters and ideas). Acting is perhaps the most obvious. It's not good. Even some of those who have only one line and / or barely appear on the screen fail to deliver a good performance. The actors who play the parts seem to have been chosen more as they seem the characters they play than their talent. Then there is writing. Really, the plot, well, what a miniscule amount there is (this and this character collaborate, something about an evil plot ...) is fine. There is a problem with characterization. While most of the characters seem to fit, Two-Face is, well, as much as a lunatic lunatic (which is simply, as far as I understand, not what the character is) as it was in Batman Forever (and having your work in portraying any element of the Batman universe with respect to Joel Schumacher's efforts can be considered the biggest insult to a fan). Furthermore, putting this character in this cause will cause the comparison between this trailer and that movie (honestly, Collora is practically * pleading * for this with such an initial revelation) to do, and, let's face it, this loses in every respect. Michael Antonik certainly does not have the on-screen presence that Tommy Lee Jones does, and the trick (which, as already mentioned, is essential) is not as strong as that of the film (although it was not good in the film it is another question ). The sad thing is that while Fiorella (John, who created Grayson) seems to be much more in the comics, and get them, the depth of them, better (not to mention owning more than one ability to come up with a compelling storyline .. Grayson had enough material for half a dozen feature films, or even more), Collora seems to be the one with access to the funds and the one that is most likely to have contact (about having non-indie credits on his filmography) to really have a shot at making a real trait of his trailer. I'm going to look at other Collora works. But Fiorella is one of the two that will surely interest me a lot. I recommend it to character fans. 7/10
