Being a fan of genre films, a son of the 80s and a fan of hard rock music ... this film holds a special place in my heart. It has everything you could want in a supernatural film: action, great special effects (for 1986) and a glam rock soundtrack. Surely it was THE movie for all heavy metal fans at the time. I didn't see it in the cinema because it was never released in theaters here ... but the popularity of the video during the mid-eighties ensured its cult status and eventually led to a (unfortunately, mediocre) release of DVDs in 2002. If you're not a fan of creepy movies or rock music then this probably isn't your cup of tea ... but, believe me, there are worse movies like this out there ... and, despite the medium acting and some Trick or Treat, Trick or Treat is definitely a whiny riff above the usual horror fare. You'll never look at your stereo the same way again. Or should I say MP3 player? <br /> <br /> TRICK OR TREAT TRIVIA - Marc Price (Eddie) played the geeky Skippy Handelman on the popular comic sitcom "Family Ties". After a series of video flops including "Little Devils", "Killer Tomatoes eat France" and "The Rescue", he gave up acting to start a career in cabaret. Recently, he considered a return to TV. <br /> <br /> Glen Morgan (Roger) is now one of Hollywood's leading producers / screenwriters. He has written and produced several major films and TV series, including: 'Space: Above and Beyond''The X-Files''Final Destination''Jet Li The One''Willard' and more recently 'Final Destination 3'. <br /> <br /> Tony Fields (Sammi) began his career as a dancer in the TV series "Solid Gold". He has appeared in several low-budget films and TV shows before coming to his rocking role as the diabolical Sammi Curr in 'Trick or Treat'. Unfortunately, on February 27, 1995, Tony died of AIDS-related cancer. Doug Savant (Tim) is probably remembered for his pioneering role as homosexual Twentysomething Matt Fielding on the popular sitcom Melrose Place. Since then she has had a long and varied career as an actress, appearing in films and TV series such as "The One" Godzilla "CSI: Crime Scene Investigation" and the short science fiction series "Firefly" by Joss Whedon. Currently he can be seen as Tom Scavo in the successful series "Desperate Housewives".
