I heard about this film while watching "100 Most Metal Moments" by VH1. On the segment, Gene Simmons (who played a cameo) and several other interviewees discussed how terrible this movie is. Unlike most people, I am often more curious to see films that have a reputation for being ridiculously disrespectful, say, to a cinema masterpiece. The advantage of having that kind of attitude is half the time I find out that movies are nowhere near as bad as people have said, and I end up enjoying them much more than I initially expected. This was my experience with "Trick or Treat". Now, it's hard to make a movie about a teenage boy who gets messages from a dead heavy metal star by reciting one of his vintage records without anyone caring about the premise. Of course, it is certainly a strange premise, but it has never been done before! Give the filmmakers the originality for Pete's sake! If you're looking to buy the DVD, having no prior knowledge of the film, don't be fooled into thinking that Ozzy Osbourne and Gene Simmons are the stars. However, even though Simmons has an ungrateful role, Ozzy has a fun cameo as a reverend (it is true, a reverend !!) that speaks against heavy metal. First, it's fun to see Ozzy with short hair. And for another thing, you can't help but laugh at the irony. Sure, it's a cheap but effective shot. The acting is pretty good. I found the performances convincing. Teenage characters are horribly cliché. So wait for the usual series of athletes and nerds. And like in each of these films, the pretty girl is a decent person who likes the alienated main character, but continues to hang out with her jock boyfriend. Why is he coming out with such a complete asshole in the first place? Because the plot needs an obstacle. No other reason But I can't deny that one of my guilty pleasures is watching the evil athletes in these films go down, since I was an outcast in high school. The film has kept my interest for the most part, but the third act is too conventional and made me roll my eyes because there would have been a predictable situation after another. But overall the film is not at all ugly and is certainly worth seeing on a rainy day. (7 out of 10)
