Undoubtedly the best heavy metal horror product made in the headbangins of the 80s, which, I admit, doesn't seem like much considering how many other voices in this strange subgenre of the genre "Hard Rock Zombies", "Blood Tracks," is absolutely terribly "Terror on Tour", and in particular the evil protagonist of Jon-Mikl Thor, "Rock'n'Roll Nightmare", tended to be. Apart from this, this still deserves props to minimize excessive splatter and the useless flashy f / x razzle-dazzle in favor of focusing on adolescent high school characters who are depicted with greater acuity and plausibility than the norm for an adolescent of the years '80 targeted scarefest. Furthermore, the film's hapless ironic parody was incredibly exaggerated with the heavy stupidity of the 1980s and the nauseating hypocrisy of stubbornly rigid conservatives who claimed that the devil's music was very intelligent and funny (famous heavy metal god Greed Decade Ozzy Osbourne is a bit exhilarating as an energetic anti-metal television evangelizer!). <br /> <br /> Marc Price (the desperately shocked Skippy in "Family Ties") gives a surprisingly strong and winning performance as Eddie "Ragman" Weinbauer, a heavy metal enthusiast, geek, socially embarrassed and severely persecuted, constantly targeted by bully bully bullies who make up the majority of the Lakeridge High School student body (the cruelty and nastiness of high school children is nailed with painfully credible accuracy). Eddie's life takes a bad turn when his rock star idol Sammi Curr (an impressive portrait of Tony Fields) perishes in a hotel fire. The local hip disc jockey Nuke (the KISS frontman Gene Simmons in a beautiful cameo) chains up Eddie with Sammi's latest unreleased album, which when played backwards resurrects the malevolent spirit of Curr from the moment of death. Sammi encourages Eddie to take him with all the vile quacks that make Eddie's poor life the proverbial living hell, only to have the mild Eddie prove to be a reluctant aspiring accomplice. It's up to Eddie, assisted by the beautiful girl Leslie Graham (wisely managed by the beautiful Lisa Orgolini), to stop Sammi before things get out of hand. <br /> <br /> Ably directed with commendable attention and sensitivity to character the actor Charles Martin Smith (who also appears briefly as a nerd school teacher), written intelligently by Michael S. Murphy, Joel Soisson and Rhet Topham , and skillfully interpreted by a uniformly good cast, this infallible sleeper even comes complete with a handful of elegant "leap" moments (an outrageous attack on the back of a car from a grotesquely long and changeable mutant thing like the highlight), a moving sequence of "Carrie" style dance massacres, one neatly used the Halloween setting, revenge was correctly shown as a really bad deal, and a solid central message that you shouldn't make a person over-hyped of your hero strictly because of the calculated anti-establishment posture that the companion makes to qualify r that special state.
