The best film about the battle of San Antonio, Texas, in March 1836, was John Wayne's 1960 ALAM. In a one shot job as a director producer, which temporarily bound him economically, Wayne proved to be talented in making films outside of his iconic acting ability that personifies the West. <br /> <br /> I commented on that movie in a review the other night, and I pointed out that Wayne and James Edward Grant (screenwriter) faced some points that were barely mentioned in previous battle films. They brought the question of slavery. Finally they discussed the contribution of local Mexican landowner Juan Seguin as an important leader in the War for Independence on a par with Crockett, Bowie, Travis, Austin and Houston. <br /> <br /> But there was a weakness (though well hidden) in the film. Wayne worked hard to launch it properly, thinking of many people for the main roles. But he did not properly manage the head of the enemy forces, General Antonio De Santa Anna. The role was played by an obscure actor, Ruben Padilla (on this forum, his thread shows only three credits listed). Padilla had no spoken dialogue (even in Spanish). And while he has one of the last shots in the film, he is simply shown as a silent tyrant, watching the burning of the bodies of Americans and their allies. <br /> <br /> Despite several wrong choices in the casting of this television film (THE ALAMO: THIRTEEN DAYS TO CLORY), it is the best film in showing the man who was (from 1836 to 1854) one of the main scarecrows for American politicians. Raul Julia was a wonderful theater actor. I was lucky enough to see him in a production (in the late 80s) of ARMS AND THE MAN in Manhattan, as Sergius. It has never been boring, and is usually the first to act. <br /> <br /> Here we see the selfish monster at its worst. Nothing is acceptable that does not fit Santa Anna's wishes and activities. It may be the failure of an ordained in the army to carry an object he requested quickly enough, or it may be the recklessness of these "foreign brigands" (as the Americans saw) not to chuckle to himself, "the Napoleon of the west ". <br /> <br /> Santa Anna was president of Mexico five or six times between 1830 and 1855. She claimed to have been involved to overthrow a president because that president was not up to the constitution of the country, but it was the power that pushed him to go on year after year. It is a sad comment that he was the main Mexican historical figure in those two decades. No political figure or military figure would have risen to climb over it until Benito Juarez made the late 1850s. He initially claimed great liberal ideals, but once admitted that the people of Mexico were children who needed guidance for a hundred years before being able to govern themselves (and therefore sounds like Gilbert Roland in CRISIS talking about the people he helped guide against Jose Ferrer). The surprising thing about him is that he managed to keep coming back. His policies were disasters. While we know of his attack on Texas (to bring down a revolt there), he also tried to expand into Guatamala (and probably saw himself controlling much of Central America). He won at Alamo, but at a high price in life. His massacre of Colonel Fannin's men in Goliad was unforgivable (one could justify the destruction of Alamo's defenders who were fighting to the end, but Fannin had surrendered). Then came the San Jacinto disaster, where his army was wiped out (he failed to take precautions to control American troops). He was captured, humiliated and forced to sign a surrender of Texas. Houston was kind to him: the troops wanted to set him up. <br /> <br /> Except for having lost a leg in a battle against the French in 1838, he managed not to get hurt in most of his wars. He refused the forced surrender of Texas, but could not depart militarily. Instead, it would have brought Mexico to the defeat in the war of 1846-48 against the Americans, leading to the Mexican Session. The United States was "decent" enough to pay Mexico $ 15,000,000 for the southwest, but Mexico lost half of its territory. He would be President for the last time in 1853, in time to give the terribly ugly administration of Franklin Pierce a moment of glory: Santa Anna sold the Arizona and New Mexico border (the "Gadsden Purchase") to the United States No other Mexican president (not even Porfirio Diaz) has cost so much to his country (Diaz has sold himself to foreign commercial interests, but he has built the economic muscles of Mexico by doing so). He was exiled in 1855 and settled in Staten Island. There he managed to do his most creative work: he introduced the chicle to the United States and became a chewing gum. A result! <br /> <br /> Julia's Santa Anna is younger than the cynic and programmer who became the best buying agent for land in America. He has no intention of resisting the opposition and jumps in bursts of anger in an instant. Most of the time his main aide, Col. Black (David Ogden Stiers, here a British officer) keeps his language - he doesn't want to be facing a firing squad as it could be. But Stiers is secretly less enchanted by his boss. In the end, when he is alone with the newly widowed wives of Alamo's dead defenders, Stiers suggests to tell the world that Santa Anna really is. And they did it!
