TRICK O TREAT is a fine example of Hollywood that jumps on the wagon "back to the messages in metal music" that Tipper Gore and his Washington Wives started in the mid-80s (other less successful voices in this mini-genre include the horrible BLACK ROSE and silly THE GATE). I was a sophomore in high school when TRICK OR TREAT came out and I couldn't wait to see him. It seemed to disappear from video stores by the end of the 1980s, but in the end I found a cheap DVD copy a little while ago and it brought back many good memories of metal from the past. Any metal fan might relate to Eddie's "Ragman" Weinbauer rehearsal (Marc Price of "Family Ties") in this film as he is haunted by the "nice" preppy people in his school for his heavy metal fashions and his musical taste. Eddie's favorite rock star is Sammi Curr (who looks a lot like Tommy Lee from Motley Crue), who is killed in a hotel fire at the beginning of the film. Eddie is inconsolable until he receives a test print of Sammi's latest unreleased album from a radio DJ (Gene Simmons of Kiss in a short cameo). Eddie soon discovers that this LP, when played backwards, allows him to communicate with the undead spirit of Sammi Curr himself! Soon Sammi is giving Eddie advice on how to get even with his preppie torturers, but when the messages get really thin ("Waste'em ALL ... no false metal!") Eddie tries to destroy the album, which makes Sammi come back to life through Eddie's stereo speakers. Sammi launches into the big dance at Eddie's high school and takes the stage to shake the crowd and disintegrate some unfortunate "false metalheads" before Eddie arrives to save the day and the girl of his dreams. (SIGH) No, it's not terribly scary in 2006, it wasn't even scary in 1986, but TRICK OR TREAT is a film that will bring a smile to the face of any 80s metallist and has a kick-ass soundtrack for courtesy of the cult band Fastway. It's worth trying if you ever hit your head or have a taste for horror films B (or both, like me).
