The film starts with a group of boys from the reform school and focuses on a boy named 'Gabe', who apparently worked hard to gain conditional freedom. Gabe and his sister move to a new neighborhood to make a new start and soon Gabe meets Dead End Kids. The children in this film are small punks, but they are much less antisocial than they had been in other previous films and in depth, they are well-intentioned punks. However, in this neighborhood there are also some criminals who perpetrate insurance frauds through arson and see Gabe as a convenient scapegoat - after all, it was to reform the school and no one would believe he was innocent once he was framed. So when Gabe is ready to be sent back to "The Big House", it's up to the rest of the gang to save him and expose the real criminals. <br /> <br /> The "Dead End Kids" have appeared in several Warner Brothers films in the late 1930s and the films were generally very good (in particular ANGELS WITH DIRTY FACES). However, after the boys' contracts expired, they went to Monogram Studios and the films, to put it in charity, were very weak and formal - with Huntz Hall and Leo Gorcey being practically the whole show and the group was renamed "The Bowery Boys". Why ANGELS WASH THEIR FACES had excellent writing and production values ​​And Hall and Gorcey were not constantly looking for the camera, it's a pretty good film - and almost earns a score of 7 (it's REAL close). In fact, even if this is not a great movie aesthetically, it is certainly a lot of fun to watch, so I'll give it a 7! Sure, it was a little bit - especially towards the end, when the boys take the law in their hands and Reagan ignores the Bill of Rights - but it was also quite funny. Dead End Kids are doing their best performances and Ronald Reagan and Ann Sheridan have provided excellent support. Of course, this part of the film was illogical and impossible, but somehow it was still fun and quite fascinating - so if you can suspend disbelief, it works well.
