When I first saw the film in the early 1970s, I was impressed with this film. Visually it was amazing and the events on campuses in Europe and the United States made you relate what Antonioni was trying to say so visually in the last 15 minutes of the film: blowing up "tyrannical" establishments and interests in your mind commercial. The repeated explosion of the beautiful house in the middle of a desert, the female protagonist who enjoyed the natural flow of cold water, painting a plan in psychedelic designs (even the bad British Airways did it a few years ago) are some of the images that have been copied by advertising personnel around the world for decades. Even Pink Floyd increased their fans after the film was released. <br /> <br /> See this movie about 30 years later and start wondering why the film itself has lost its charm. Today, anti-establishment films have more substance - facts, documentation, excellent performances and superb scripts. Antonioni seems to be antiquated; an imperfect genius. Even seeing "Blow Up" by Antonioni today gives you the feeling of being a passe. <br /> <br /> "Zabriski Point" must be evaluated for what it was when it was released. It was a fantastic film if you saw it on a large Panavision screen in contrast to the belittled television screens. Visual and sound appeal (Mick Jagger, Kieth Richards, Pink Floyd, et al.) Remains still. The main couple were not great actors but they were cute and natural. One of them (Mark Frechette) died in prison in the United States extending the reality of the non-conformist values ​​he personified in the film. <br /> <br /> Today, Antonioni seems out of "synchronization". But watch carefully and you will appreciate the muffled sounds of normal actors: Rod Taylor, G.D. Spradling, the ladies of the pool, the policemen on the landing strip. The real sounds, on the contrary, come from non-conformists. Antonioni was relevant 30 years ago, but his understanding of the medium cannot be questioned even today. He knew what he was doing.
