I have to admit that I've always found it difficult to watch an Antonioni film from beginning to end on the first try, and for this reason, I ended up watching it in three parts on repeated occasions. In the end, I realized that maybe it was better this way, because it forced me to stop thinking in the usual terms of the plot and enjoy the scenes one by one. <br /> <br /> The first part seems much more fragmented, which is not a bad thing, it only requires more effort to follow. When it comes to desert scenes, all efforts are paid back in full. The splendid cinematography is only a part of it, what really makes everything unforgettable is how the landscape is transformed into an overwhelming presence, the silence and the vastness of it, the sense of sadness and freedom, the way in which it melts and contrasts with the two young characters. The desert is dead, but at the same time it seems less distant and alien than the urban scenes of the first part. The dance between the plane that flies over and the girl's car creates a series of fantastic shots. The desert scenes in the desert are simply beautiful, it is difficult to imagine this kind of approach from a film of our times. There is of course something very elegant and studied about them, but at the same time they manage to express a sense of natural, spontaneous innocence that is very rare these days. Everything seems loose and unwritten (thanks also to the sober acting), but it is the result of obsessive attention to detail and form, which reaches its peak in the series of explosions at the end, a truly fascinating spectacle. It leaves you alone in awe. <br /> <br /> I don't care at all about the usual objections: boring - well, yes, it is, if you want all the films to follow a classic plot development and be packed with twists, but then if all the cinema was like that, it would be really boring and sad; pretentious - perhaps, but when that kind of ambition is coupled with skill, depth and style, the pretentious is a compliment. "Political" criticisms have the slightest meaning for me, I don't see the point of approaching a film like this with ideological blinders or worse-patriotic requirements. Only defeats the purpose. Perhaps it is true that, as one previous commentator observed, Antonioni saw these young 'hippies' and the politics of protests and clashes with the police with the fascination of a foreigner, but I think he adds something rather than belittling the film. It is not true that at that time the hippies did not exist in Italy (think of the protests of '68, as in France), although obviously they were different from the American counterpart and in some way even more militant. But his interest in this film was not strictly political. The events seem more like a pretext for a film whose appeal has a universal and timeless quality. <br /> <br /> A special mention for the fantastic soundtrack. Among other things, this film, along with Easy Rider, is probably one of the first forerunners of contemporary "artistic" music video, as well as the concept of a cinematographic soundtrack that could stand alone, but unlike the first, use the music in a much more subtle way, mixing it with the landscape rather than the action. <br /> <br /> If you want a traditional narrative in a movie, don't worry. If you want to be stunned, be patient and you won't regret it.
