When this film was released, the hippie thing had become mainstream. The ideas of the counterculture were well established, which is why such a large film could be made. Yet it has something to say and it is really said beautifully. In addition to those who are just waiting for masturbation material, this film has been rewarded for its beautiful scenes (which in itself are more than enough to watch the movie) more. The soundtrack of this film, which actually became more popular than the movie itself, is another advantage. Pink Floyd's "Careful with that ax Eugene" adapts very well to explosions, the absence of music in other scenes gives the film a peaceful mood. But. It seems that the messages in this film have been more neglected. If you haven't understood it, which seems to be the case for the moment, I'll give you some suggestions: Man (hard man, what ever his name is, Mark?) He is part of a "reality group". Leave this group by saying something like "I'm willing to die, but not bored". Later he will go around with a stolen plane, probably to look for some action. While in the air, Grateful Dead's Dark Star (from the Live / Dead album) is played (I think). This song contains the phrase "We go you and me while we can", but this is not heard in the film. (Perhaps extending it a little too far means that the quote is essential?) On the plane, check out a girl (Daria), who is driving a conference car (giving typical suburban families the opportunity to live in one place super relaxing in the desert, where everything is so simple and beautiful, for the whole family!), diving down, almost hitting the car. Land the plane and join the girl on the road to Detroit. They stop at the Zabriskie point, where they enjoy each other as living creatures and nature. Later a family with a big car (the kind you sleep in) and a fast boat is shown by visiting Zabriskie Point, the father saying something like "what a waste driving by up here", and the child sitting inside the car, smiling. I perceived a "was not much better than on television". Daria reports Mark on the plane which is now painted in a psychedelic style, with the identity number changed to "no war" on one side and "without words" on the other. "Bucks Sucks" is also written on the plane. Mark reports the plane from where he stole it, telling Daria before leaving "Don't risk anything" or something like that, one of the many clues about him that doesn't care too much about his fate. (This is because he has the feeling that the environment around him does not give him anything - "I wonder what happens in the real world"). At the airport he is met by police officers who shoot him even if he has just returned the plane. Daria hears him on the radio, but decides to go to the conference in the luxurious villa. Here he feels alien after the adventures with his friend just killed. She likes the fresh water that flows down from a rock, more than the pool. Inside the house the viewer has once again given a hint about anti-materialism: look through a glass wall, keeping your hands on the glass as if it were trapped. Businessmen are seen arguing, the one anxious to make a big problem, the other fear of losing money. Daria leaves the house and looks back, seeing that it explodes. After the house, several other things explode, such as a television. She smiles, happy to have inside herself that she has destroyed what after her meeting with Mark considers something negative. <br /> <br /> In summary: Mark obviously experiences the "reality group" as being of little use as they sit and talk, not act. He clearly has bad feelings for the things that are as they are, and he seems to feel that it is useless to fight against them. He wants to leave. Help Daria, who is "in mind but not in action" seeing her point of view. Where his feeling of being maladjusted turns out to lead to his death, one can hope that Daria uses the ideas in a way that will be more constructive. In the film we see how a city (LA) is polluted by the spot (too bad you have to show the spot to make the point), you see businessmen deciding what the future will be, etc., and you see that people are unhappy with these and other situations that are part of the modern world. <br /> <br /> I saw the film only once, so I didn't understand all the points, but I certainly had the feeling of what this movie has to say and I find it strange that this film can be defined as meaningless. If you say that the points are too obvious, I can understand why, this film probably meant to appeal to the post-hippie radicals "digging" the thoughts of the anti-establishment. Although he has a lot to say, and his message is still needed today, things are evolving practically in the same direction as before the 1960s. Zabriskie Point is a very beautiful film, which tells a story of quite normal young people (not very distant hippies who stumble on acid, digging everything) in search of what they perceive as real, dissatisfied with the conventional. And it's done in a really nice way.
