I was told it was one of those movies "either you love it or you hate it". Well, I loved it. Obvious hippie period, dated and easy symbolism and everything. So, I probably have no taste when it comes to Antonioni, but this and La Notte (made exactly a decade earlier) are my favorites among his films so far. Built two years before I was born, Zabriskie Point should have been Michelangelo's great American epic. But apparently, it turned out to be a flop. I really can't understand why. Before looking at it I had read that it was pretty boring, so I prepared for a very slow movie, even though I like a slow movie. For my taste, Zabriskie didn't have a boring minute in it. As I looked at it, I made a mental note of how European it was for the director to make such frequent use of billboards in almost every urban scene, huge billboards that made any human shape visible. This recurring visual element is obviously there to emphasize the way consumerism crushes the individual in American society. But then I saw L'Eclisse soon after, set in Rome in the early 1960s, and I noticed that even Antonioni often included billboards. After all, is the masterful use of landscapes, architecture and inanimate objects in any frame with or without human beings a trademark of Antonioni ?? this is exactly how it evokes the psychological states of his characters, with more or less undervalued power and great visual impact. It is virtually unsurpassed in this skill. <br /> <br /> Zabriskie Point starred in two very catchy leads that were supposed to become big stars of the 70s, but they never did. Mark Frechette, whom I had already seen in the beautiful film by Francesco Rosi's Men Against, had a very tragic life and died when he was only 27 years old. According to his biographical page, he donated his $ 60,000 from Zabriskie to a municipality. Mark's co-star Daria Halprin, apparently also Dennis Hopper's wife, has the beauty and natural appeal of a young Ornella Muti ?? one of those bright beauties that don't need a shred of makeup to turn their heads. Like Frechette, she has only embellished a couple of dark movies and has never become a star, but at least she didn't die tragically. In particular, Zabriskie Point contains one of the most original sex scenes ever shot - the one that brings home a sense of youthful playfulness like the few I've seen - as well as a powerfully cathartic ending. It could be the most banal sequence ever filmed with regard to its symbolism, but I can't see how anyone can deny its beauty and the wonderful sense of emotional release. Never an explosion looked so good and so poetic. It looks like an explosion that restores order rather than bringing chaos.
