There are not too many times when I see a movie and I go, "eh? What?", But this was one of those. Maybe after seeing Zabriskie Point I felt like Woody Allen after seeing 2001 - he only liked the movie after seeing it three times over two years, realizing that the director was ahead of him in what was happening . Michelangelo Antonioni, in one of his few attempts to make films in the United States (after Red Desert, he made Blow-Up, this film, China, and The Passenger, all shot outside his native Italy), I could feel that there he tried to learn about the streets of the town through his mastery of the medium. The results show that he does not lack the means to present images, feelings, tones, colors, sounds and a visual representation of this era. "A director's job is to see," said Antonioni. Whatever it means, it does not disappoint the admirer of his post-fifty-year-old work (I say post-fifties since I haven't seen any of his films before The Adventure). <br /> <br /> What is missing is a point, at least the kind of point it could bring in Blow-Up and The Eclipse. You have the feeling of what is around these characters, what are the themes that are bringing to their consciousness, however in this case the characters and the actors do not bring much conviction or purpose. Antonioni, from the school of the hard, neorealistic filmography, does what he can with his mostly unprofessional cast (those who look more like real actors are subjugated to the roles of corporate characters), but the two stars Mark Frechette and Daria Halprin seem as if they were under Antonioni. Perhaps that was the point. The story is divided into three acts, fortunately not too confusing, since Mark escapes his existence around the dangerous and dangerous life on campus that takes place in the Los Angeles area of ​​the 60s and Daria is sent from Los Angeles to drive to Phoenix for a business meeting. They meet by chance like Mark's plane (how do you know how to drive, maybe some background information there?) And Daria's car meet, and they spend some time together in an existential genre of groove in the desert. Apart from a stylistically fascinating if bizarre sex scene, much of this act is not terribly interesting. <br /> <br /> The two protagonists are fair enough to look at, but what attracts them exactly from one another out of curiosity? The ideas that emerge (partly from a screenplay written by Sam Shepard) are not too revealing, except for a brief moment in which drugs and reality are dealt with. Then the film moves towards the third act, while Mark decides to do the right thing, under disastrous circumstances, and Daria arrives instead of her boss, only to be completely disillusioned (not taking into account the infamous last five minutes or so) the film ). Although the film took its time to tell its story, I didn't have a problem as serious as what I did that the story involves only a certain type of spectator. I understand and empathize with the feelings, doubts and fears, as well as the "anti-establishment" self-confidence, but perhaps Antonioni is not fully aware of it. In some scenes, as a director and editor (and the often surprising cinematography of Alfio Contini), landscapes and backgrounds are more illuminating and fixative than foreground people. Not to mention that the technical side of Zabriskie Point does not involve a degree (this can make one feel sleepy, given that Antonioni is probably much older as a documentary filmmaker, given that he is a theater director as Francis Ford Coppola says). <br /> <br /> The deserts, the skies, the city and even the faces in the foreground are shot with the eye of a filmmaker in love with the art of putting things in the frame, taking us inside. The soundtrack is equally compelling, with a masterstroke that includes a sweet Rolling Stones song at one point, and then a surreal song by Pink Floyd (renamed from 'Careful with that Ax Eugene, one of their best pre-Darks Side) in the sequence explosion. If only the performances weren't so one-sided, I could find him on a par with Blow-Up or The Eclipse. It is an unconventional stroke of genius, on the one hand, and on the other a boring interpretation of what was the hippy / radical movement of the late 1960s. But hey, what can be boring for an American like me, born in the eighties, may not be for others outside the United States, say, Italy. And he asks not to be discarded immediately after a vision.
