I know this is an unpopular position regarding Zabriskie Point, but I really enjoyed this movie. I know, I know - I can legitimately be called an Antonioni fanatic. I love Adventure, I love La Notte, I love L'Eclisse, I love the red desert, I love Blowup and I adore Profession: Reporter (aka The Passenger). The only Antonioni film that I don't like, the only one that ever gave less than an 8/10 (and one of the only three I gave less than a 10/10, La Notte and L'Eclisse are the other two, although he fully recognizes that he has to review both, it is Beyond the Clouds, which can be called a terrible film, but there is no better film than that, if you take my direction, so if you are NOT a fan of Antonioni, you should just ignore me logically, if you are also an occasional fan, though, and you are wondering if this particular film, whose name, when pronounced, is often followed by a spit, which is generally scorned even by Antonioni's admirers, is Okay to see, the answer is YES. <br /> <br /> Ok, the reason people tend to hate it is because 99% of viewers in the film are ONLY concerned with the narrative of a movie. Well, it's not exactly true. a film is surprising in a particular aspect, for example acting or cinematography or reg ia, and only in its narrative, the film can really appeal to movie lovers. But a film can be the most amazing visual masterpiece and have a lame or illogical story - it's another thing that has ruined cinema over the years: logic - so they absolutely hate the movie. In fact, I agree with this in some way. As much as I may not like it and want to change my point of view, it is really difficult to love a film whose narrative I consider poor. However, other people tend to get annoyed in a free narrative. This is certainly what must keep spectators away from Zabriskie Point. I could tell you the story, but you'd probably think it was meaningless. In reality it is, but, for me, this has made the whole enterprise more fantastic and more beautiful. I would actually compare it favorably to 2001, which is my favorite movie. However, 2001 is perfectly consistent with the inconclusive narrative of this film. <br /> <br /> What Zabriskie Point is in fashion is mood. Music helps a lot; the score includes many acts of the day, including Pink Floyd. The atmosphere is similar to the moods of Antonioni's other masterpieces, full of solitude and desolation. Even the freedom that comes from that. The best sequence of the film is when the man and the woman (his name is Daria, I know, but I don't remember his name) stop in their vehicle next to a historical marker on a desert road. There is, beyond the stone wall that was erected to prevent the cars from flying away, an ancient pond. It is basically a rocky desert, and the two go to play us. The setting is enormously beautiful. The woman says, "This is such a beautiful place. What do you think?" Man: "I think he's dead." There is no inclination to whether it is a good thing or a bad thing. This is very similar to the feelings expressed in other Antonioni films: the characters constantly want to disappear or become invisible. Instead of David Locke, the protagonist of The Passenger, fed up with journalism, we have the young hippie who is sick of his friends' politics - he thinks they talk too much and don't play what they think is right, or at least he says he does. It seems more like he just wants to get out of the situation. <br /> <br /> The film is also simply visually fantastic. Antonioni's films are all identifiable only for a few frames, but his visual style was always growing. I like The Passenger more than Zabriskie Point does, but Zabriskie Point could be his last goal in this respect. Well, it might seem strange - The Adventure and Red Desert are incredibly pictorial. I think camera movements are particularly surprising here. Obviously he made a lot of money on Blowup, which was the greatest success of his time, the greatest of all time. He spends it well here, especially with his aerial shots. One of the biggest sequences in the film is about the man, who stole a man's private plane, Daria, who was diving into his car. <br /> <br /> The only thing that can be criticized is the film's policy. They are certainly easy. Not that the hippies were easy, but the vision of Antonioni's hippies - there was none in Italy, of course - is bizarre and, well, filtered through the eyes of a foreigner. There is a rather childish criticism of advertising, but it is a criticism that still exists today. I say, can't you just ignore it? What hurts? Are you going around buying things you don't want for billboards? Or there is also the criticism against capitalism. Daria, a secretary, works for a company that is stealing land in the desert - the land that she and man have enjoyed for themselves - in order to create affordable suburban homes for families. Rod Taylor, a very underrated actor whose most famous roles were in The Time Machine and The Birds, plays his boss. The ending, which I won't ruin - you have to see it - is almost offensively cheap. I can, however, understand the treatment of police officers. Not that I disdain them in general, but they were terrible at the time. They can still be horrible now. They have always had too much power. <br /> <br /> These trivial arguments against the American way of life still do not greatly influence my opinion of the film. I find this filtered view of America extremely interesting. I really don't think a hippie would disagree with Antonioni. 10/10.
