If Saura had never done anything like that, Iberia would have been a milestone. Now still deserves the inclusion to honor a great director and a great film conservative of Spanish culture, but he has already done much earlier and, although we can applaud the riches he has given us, we must choose and choose the favorites and the high points between films similar including Blood Wedding (1981), Carmen (1983), El Amore Brujo (1986), Sevillanas (1992), Salomé (2002) and Tango (1998). I choose the 1995 Saura flamenco as its most unique and powerful cultural document, next to which Iberia pales. <br /> <br /> Iberia is conceived as a series of interpretations of the music of Isaac Manuel Francisco Albéniz (1860-1909) and in particular his suite "Iberia" for piano. Isaac Albéniz has made a great contribution to the outsourcing of Spanish musical culture - its reformatting for a non-Spanish audience. He moved to France in his early thirties and was influenced by French composers. His "Iberia" suite is an imaginative synthesis of Spanish folk music with the styles of Liszt, Dukas and d'Indy. He traveled around performing his compositions, which are a kind of beautiful standardization of Spanish rhythms and melodies, not homogenized like those of Ravel's Bolero but moving in that direction. Of course, the Spaniards took over Albéniz, and in Iberia, the artists reinterpreted his compositions in terms of various ethnic and regional dances and styles. But the source is a domesticated and diluted form of Spanish musical culture and dance compared to the Spanish flamenco pure echt. Flamenco, which comes from the region of Andalusia, is a deeply felt amalgam of Gypsy, Hispanic-Arab and Jewish cultures. Iberia is simply the peninsula that includes Spain, Portugal, Andorra and Gibraltar; the concept itself is more diluted. <br /> <br /> The flamenco of Saura is an unstoppable ethnic mix of music, song, dance and that peacock way of noble strut that is the essence of the Spanish style, the way a man and a woman lead if proudly verging on arrogance, elegance and panache - even bullfights and bullfighting moves are full - in a series of electric sequences without introduction or conclusion; I'm alone Saura has always emphasized the seasonality of his collaborations with the choreographer Antonio Gades and other artists. In his flamenco of 1995 he abandoned all pretense of history and simply has singers, musicians and dancers moving up and down a large stage with lights and screens, apartments and mirrors arranged by the director of photography Vittorio Storaro, another important Spanish collaborating director. The beginnings and endings of the Flamenco sequences are often rough, but atmospheric, characterized only by the din and the rustling of shuffling feet and a mixture of voices. Sometimes the film continues to feed when a performance is over and you see the dancer bend over, sigh or laugh; or someone unexpectedly says something. In Flamenco, more than any other Saura film, it is the rapt, intense interaction of singers and dancers and participant observers who rhythmically beat shouting olé impulsivo which is the "story" and creates magic. Because Saura really did the magic, and perhaps the best thing when he abandoned any kind of conventional story. <br /> <br /> Iberia is similar in style to some of Saura's purest musical films: no narration, no dialogue, just short titles to indicate the type of song or region, starting with a pianist playing the Albeniz music and gradually moving on to a series of dance sequences and a bit of singing. In flamenco music, the fundamental element is the unaccompanied voice, and that voice is the most unmistakable and unique contribution to world music. It refers to other songs by other ethnic groups, but nothing is absolutely equal to its raw and unique, raucous ugly-beautiful cry that challenges you to do anything but listen to it with the utmost attention. Then comes the clapping of the hands and the trampling of the foot, and then the dance, combined with the other elements. There is only one flamenco song on Iberia. If you love the Flamenco of Saura, you will want to see Iberia, but you will be a little disappointed. The style is there; some of the great voices and dances and music are there. But the source and conception of Iberia condemn it to a lower level of power and make it a less rich and intense cultural experience.
