Students often ask me why I choose this version of Othello. Shakespeare's text is severely truncated and the film contains material that earned him an "R" rating. <br /> <br /> I have several reasons to use this production: firstly, I had not seen a depiction of the Moor who actually made Otello sympathetic until I saw Fishburne playing him. I saw James Earl Jones and Christopher Plummer play Othello and Iago on Broadway, and it was wonderful. The Plummer energy was particularly evident. But despite Jone's incredible presence both physically and vocally, the character he played seemed too passive to deceive me from a complete emotional purgation in the Aristotelian sense. In fact, Jones said what I felt when he noticed in an interview that he had played Otello as a passive - seeing Iago as he basically was doing it. Unfortunately this destroyed my grief over the destruction of the character. So, I felt sympathy for Jone's Moor but not the horror of his corruption by an evil man. In contrast, Fishburne's Othello is a strong and vigorous figure who is familiar with acting. Thus, Iago's temptation to actively deal with what is presented to Othello as his wife's infidelity is a perversion of the positive quality of the general to be active and not passive. The horror of the story is that this good quality of Othello becomes perverse. The description of Fishburne is therefore classically tragic. <br /> <br /> Secondly, Fishburne is the first black actor to play Othello in a movie. Both Orsen Wells and Anthony Hopkins made excellent film versions, but they were white in black face.2 Why is it so important? Why should a black actor be the black man on stage? 3 Certainly in Shakespeare's time they used the black face just as boys used to do girls. Perhaps then, the reason is the same. The female actors confer a special quality to the female roles on the Shakespearean stage because they better understand what the genius of Shakespeare was trying to present. A gifted black actor should act on the moor because his experience in a culture dominated by white is vital to understanding what the genius of Shakespeare has recognized: the pain of being marginalized due to race. An important theme in Otello is the isolation caused by racism. Although it is a mistake to include American racism in a Shakespearean opera, there is no doubt that racism still works among the characters. Many, including Desdimona's father, think that the union between a white Venetian Christian woman and a black Christian from North Africa is UNNATURAL. <br /> <br /> Third, Shakespeare has never been classified. It never was. His theatrical productions have always been characterized by violence and strong language. But the genius of Shakespeare uses these elements not as sensationalism but as artistic honesty.
