I was lucky enough to catch this movie at the end on the Turner Classic movies tonight, as it is one of the films that won an Oscar (for special effects) in their annual month of Oscar-winning films. <br /> <br /> BEDKNOBS AND BROOMSTICKS is easily a movie sequel to the previous success of MARY POPPINS. That film was also a great success and an Oscar (Best Actress for Julie Andrews). As MARY POPPINS BEDKNOBS has in David Tomlinson, in a role where he learns about his parents. It is a refined blend of live action and animation. It is set in a past of British history (if not in the Georgian Edwardian world of 1912 in London, it is the English coast during the "Dunkerque" summer of 1940). There is even old Reginald Owen, here as a general in the National Guard, while in the past he was Admiral Boom in MARY POPPINS. Ironically, it was Owen's final role. <br /> <br /> The Home Guard sequences (not too many in the film) recall one of the British series DAD'S ARMY, which dealt with the problems of the local guard in the first years of life. war. The period is also well suggested by the appearance of the three Rawlins children as war orphans since the blitz attacks in London. And (in the typical Disney fashion) in the musical number "Portobello Road" several members of the British army (including soldiers from India and the Caribbean (still complete with metal drums!) Appear with Scottish auxiliaries and female locals in costume. > <br /> All this, surprisingly, is an advantage, but the biggest advantage is that for Angela Lansbury, her performance as Eglantine Price is finally that: her only real musical film, in a remarkable acting career, Lansbury never got the role of true musical career that he deserved as Aunt Mame in the musical MAME that came out shortly after BEDKNOBS. He had been in singing parts (in GASLIGHT with his short UP IN A BALLOON BOYS, and in the PHOTO OF DORIAN GRAY with LITTLE YELLOW BIRD, and - best of all - in support and in conclusion of THE HARVEY GIRLS with the final shooting of SULL'ATCHISON, TOPEKA AND SANTA FE) .But only here does she play the female lead, so when you hear her sing with David To mlinson you might be able to figure out what we lost when he didn't play Mame Dennis Burnside. <br /> <br /> The rest of the cast is good enough, Tomlinson is learning that he can rise to the occasion after a lifetime of relative failure. The three children (Cindy O'Callaghan, Roy Snart and Ian Weighill) actually show more interesting characters than their Edwardian predecessors in POPPINS (Weighill in particular, as something of a budding opportunist who thinks of blackmailing Lansbury after discovering that it is a witch). The only surprising waste (probably due to the cut of scenes) is Roddy McDowall as local vicar who is only in two sequences of the film. With his possible role as a disapproving enemy of witchcraft, he should have had a bigger part. Also noteworthy is John Ericson, the German officer who carries out a raid at the end of the film, only to discover that he is facing something more powerful than he ever imagined in the British countryside, and Sam Jaffe as a competitor for the magic formula that Lansbury and Tomlinson are looking for. <br /> <br /> As for the animation, the two sequences under the sea in a lagoon, and in the wildest football game ever designed are worth it, with Tomlinson inserted in the latter as referee, and becoming pretty cute severely beaten in various charges and scruples. As I said, it's a nice sample of the best work by the Disney studio.
