It is wonderful to see Roshan Seth (the stern father in 1992 "Mississippi Masala"), who once again assumes the role of father and head of the family, and more, in A TOUGH JOURNEY, set in 1971 in Bombay, India. In addition to very close family contexts, the subjects in question include the loss and finding of a friendship; the unexpected death of a friend (somehow the calm smiling face of a friend in death in the presence of prayers he felt calm - so Gustad Noble, Roshan's character, similarly noted); the chain of events of an artist on the sidewalk - "the wall as a latrine transformed into a sanctuary 'sanctuary in noises and ashes" was both prophetic and philosophical. It is full of life lessons in different aspects of different relationships: between father and son; mother and son; father and young daughter; little daughter and father and mother; long-time colleagues; long dear dear friends; also that of a man by man, one whose innocent and foolish "fool". <br /> <br /> Despite the tone of the film era, it is a colorful film rich in substance, and the strength of the story in material layers with humor and suspense. For a director who is not Indian (Sturla Gunnarsson is Icelandic), he made a political film from India / Pakistan. Enter the bone marrow of the life of this Parsi played by Roshan Seth, whose performance has nuances, subtlety and joy. (There is also singing.) The rest of the cast is equally strong: from Om Puri the friend of a friend; Soni Razdan the lasting wife; Vrajesh Hirjee, the firstborn argumentant; Sam Dastor has been the longtime classmate; Ranjit Chowdhry the sidewalk artist; to a superstitious "witch" woman of a neighbor; a helpless "madman" of a man; and a long lost friend of the heart - it is a world of many faces and perspectives. Director Gunnarsson showed sensitivity in the treatment of that time period and the subject was well studied with attention to detail. He is fortunate to have Sooni Taraporevala (1992 "Mississippi Masala", 1988 "Salaam Bombay!"). He wrote the screenplay. This is really a good trip for a movie. <br /> <br /> Fridrik Thor Fridriksson 1994 "Cold Fever" is a stay in Iceland for a young Japanese who follows the lines of cultural exploration (road movie style) He went around the world looking for the specific place to give his last respect to his parents, diligently following the memorial rites for the dead. This demonstrated reverence and intercultural attention to family ties is the warming of the heart on this day and in cyber age.
