Released shortly before the repression of the production code in July 1934, Mitch Leisen's Paramount musical of all the stars is incredibly suggestive - some even claim to be misogynistic and very funny. Two murders take place on the opening night of "Earl Carroll's Vanities" (one on stage!), But this does not prevent the manager (Jack Oakie) from doing a show as a lewd police investigator (Victor McLaglen). Everyone hides something and Gypsy Rose Lee must have seen this mysterious murder in the backstage before signing "The G-String Murders" as the result is similar (although more satisfying here). Gertrude Michael, as a fierce diva, interrupts the show (in more than one way) with her exotic number "Sweet Marijuana" and Duke Ellington ends with the truncated "Rape Of The Rhapsody". The hit song "Cocktails For Two" comes from this movie. A classic of the bizarre and obscene field highly recommended! Here is Louella O. Parsons in the "Los Angeles Examiner" of 17 May 1934 <br /> <br /> the pirouette of hand-picked beauties of Earl Carroll on the screen of Grauman United Artists in a fig leaf and not much else. But September Morn herself never had a better figure than these spellcasters, who are made to satisfy the eye, especially the eye of the tired businessman. But don't think for a moment that Mr. Carroll's girls, naturally, are the only attraction. Believe it or not, MURDER AT THE VANITIES is a thriller of musical comedies, if you understand what I mean: a mystery of murder embedded in a musical show. It all happens on the opening night when the representation is underway and a search is open for a murderer. Just by way of suspense, a policeman threatens to stop the show every few minutes. Victor McLaglen is something new in the police. All the time he's trying to track down the killer, he keeps his eyes fixed on the beauty of the choir. The mystery of the murder is good with the exception of the episode, which is rather flat. Probably wrong direction. Dorothy Stickney, who plays the maid, is as melodramatic as the heroine in a performance of ten, twenty and thirty. For no good reason, she ranks a close-up without end in the great dramatic scene. The ensembles of girls are good, and it is a positive relief to move away from the inevitable head shots. The costumes are beautiful; in fact, this is a musical that Paramount can feel is really about them. As for Carl Brisson -well, it would be an addition to any show. Good-looking, with a delightful singing voice and a simple and safe way, he is the one all his press agents claim for him. I also like Kitty Carlisle, who plays the protagonist of the series. Gertrude Michael, like the deep-eyed villianess, offers an interesting, if rather fictitious, portrait. Jack Oakie, as stage manager, is the same old witty Jack, but we wouldn't change him. Jessie Ralph is excellent as a seamstress. Others in the cast are Charles Middleton, Gail Patrick, Donald Meek, Barbara Fritchie, Toby Wing and Lona Andre. The screenplay is by Carey Wilson and Rufus King and directed by Mitchell Leisen. The music is by Arthur Johnstone and the lyrics by Sam Coslow. In addition to Murder in vanities, there is a Mickey Mouse cartoon, a Paramount newspaper, and a two reeler, THE WRONG DIRECTION. <br /> <br /> I do not agree with Lolly at the time of conclusion, it is satisfactory if I over-top it. Why should he blame the director? Was she sorry for the end of the story - or how did it go? And what is a "ten, twenty or thirty show"? Notice the blow made to Busby Berkeley and his "aerial photos". Hard as it may be to believe today, the public was tired of Buzz's schtick in May 1934. Mitch Leisen said, "If you are showing a play that should be in a theater, you should stay within the limits of the arc of proscenium, and don't do a Buzz Berkeley routine with a stage that's great. "<br /> <br /> Q: Don't you think the spectacular effects of Berkeley justified taking this freedom? ML: Apparently they did it because they are reviving all his photos and none of mine, but personally I don't like it.
