I have read many comments on the film and how difficult it is for people to believe that it is a sequel to Henry Fool, and even though technically it is, I think Fay Grim should be seen as a completely different film thing. Just because it's the sequel doesn't mean it should be a direct continuation of the first, and I liked it so much. The whole point of the film was to change direction from the first, which makes sense because the film is not called Henry Fool 2, it's Fay Grim. Apart from that, the film, I thought, was so well done and I thought it actually surprised me. I expected to rent another movie almost ready for the video and I have to endure 2 hours of bad editing and an almost difficult plot to follow (the last Parker-directed video for Oh in Ohio), but this was so surprisingly well focused that almost does not seem so, which I absolutely loved. There are so many nuances in making and writing films that I want to see in movies, but I never do. Cinematography was brilliant for its simplicity and for making the movie "Grim" really look like in terms of setting. Even the script was so well done, anyone who has said that this film is not as witty as Henry Fool needs to look again and actually listen; I can't even begin to explain how hilarious it really was, and pertinent. And well, Parker Posey, who could complain? The scene where Fool and Jalal were talking in the dark was so fascinating and exciting. And I thought the spy for the whole movie was really hilarious and apt (in hindsight, because I agree that sometimes during the way you feel lost). The main thing that struck me so strongly about the film, and I think the point of the film, was Parker's love and ingenuity for Fool, which was so captivating and transformed, yes very quickly, from denial to passion absolute. The last five minutes of the film were perfect. Obviously there were things that were not excellent, but nothing is perfect; some of the acting was mediocre, and sometimes I thought that part of the new back story and the dialogue on terrorism became a bit difficult to follow and out of control, but in the end you got it and didn't even care that at the time that could have slipped from your understanding. (This could also have something to do with Goldblum's tendency to talk very quickly) Overall I would say it was probably one of the best films I've seen this year; stylistically pleasing, intelligent and witty writing, performances so impressive that I have now gained new respect for some actors, and a truly moving film, and I don't forget, a complete departure from Matto. What was the point.
