In general, Fay Grim is a very entertaining thriller that features two of the most hilarious names in American films, irreducibly beautiful and with hilarious grace Parker Posey and infinitely charismatic and inevitably exhilarating Jeff Goldblum. They have many scenes in the first half of the film where we see these two insatiable presences that are released from each other, radiating even charm when Goldblum comes out of Hartley's shamelessly epic informal information. Nevertheless, if one were to deconstruct Fay Grim, one would see many cases where countless scenes could have been squeezed for a much greater benefit than they led to. <br /> <br /> This kind of in-joke film is Hal Hartley's Henry Fool sequel, made ten years earlier. The title character Posey is forced by the CIA agent Goldblum to track down the notebooks that were the precious assets of his missing fugitive husband, the predecessor's anti-hero. Available within them is information that could allow US security. Fay first makes Paris to conquer them, but becomes involved in an authentic celebration of espionage clichés that include everything from car bombs to ambiguous helpers to follow the girl to double the crosses at the triple intersection. <br /> <br /> The main attraction of all this for me is that it is such a new approach to the sequel to a movie about a man who takes the locker and a novelist in trouble in a small town. In the original Henry Fool, Posey plays a simple woman who leads a very simple life. Hartley's talents do not reach the heights of many other independent novices of the 1990s, but I admire his unbridled creativity in making her an unnoticed sister, Nearne, giving her a terrible situation, as she did with her character's brother, she played with James Urbaniak, in Henry Fool, while trapped between himself, he can still love his overwhelming refugee husband and Goldblum's problematic but energetic plans. Hartley, however, is simply riding on a fragmented idea. Its plot, although complex and labyrinthine, faithful to the form of the espionage film, almost seems to be completely capricious. The reason I wasn't bored was mainly due to the pace at which the story takes place, not to mention the presence of Posey and Goldblum. The problem with the rest of the Hartley cast is that I can't get attached to the rest of them. It has nothing to do with how obscure they are compared to the relative stellar power of the two masters of charm, but with the way they don't seem to be by their side, even though Saffron Burrows certainly approaches. Most of the scenes that do not involve Posey or Goldblum are too light on their feet, they chain us together with info-dump that we have no choice but to listen, or be totally lost in the next sequence of scenes. They are turned almost entirely into tiled corners, as if Hartley were compensating for that relentless feeling of lack of material. <br /> <br /> Liam Aiken, however, playing Fay and Henry's now-adolescent son, has a certain fascination with him, apparently wise beyond his years, certainly much wiser than any adult character. Maybe Hartley meant it, or maybe it's just Aiken's presence. The problem with a Hartley film is that you never know exactly what was meant and what happened. As Scorsese said, "cinema is a question of what is in the frame and what is outside". One must be able to believe that what we see is a conscious decision by the director to remain in the finished film.
