Well, this film is the representation of different things. To begin with, this film is about a disgruntled student carrying a gun to school and shooting approximately 9 students. A student survives and is hospitalized with severe head injuries. The main character is what many people consider a "solitary / goth", although the film claims that it is not. She looks rather mysterious, but she was also the only unscathed student in the victim classroom. She is questioned, because she has a history of shooting knowledge and has a record of being on the phone with him the night before. However, he is a very short and distant person who seems to despise society. Yet, due to some, in the first inexplicable events, he spent about a year outside the school, in the absence of a vote. He has the desire to graduate, and the principle practically follows him in the only possible way in which he manages to pass is to spend time with the survivor, the girl in the hospital. <br /> <br /> These two contacts are almost entirely opposite and are just like that on a social level. While Alisha is a silent, inwardly disturbed and anti-social goth girl who spends all her time alone (although she seems to read quite often, a bit like a closet / out of a closet toilet), the other girl is a rich, popular and 'bubbly' girl who always seems incredibly optimistic and trapped in her fantasy world, ignoring the outside world and its realism to survive. I feel both of these roles in a wonderful job of representing MOST 'clique' in modern high school, but above all it shows how two completely opposite girls who know nothing about each other open up to each other. While the injured girl learns a profound and meaningful truth about her once protected life and the outside world, Alisha learns that the complete abandonment of society and the blocking of everything inside is not always the best thing. <br /> <br /> Many people will look at the connection between these two girls and see one of two things. Or a snobbish and hateful girl who wants the rest of the world to suffer like her, bringing him to an innocent girl, or the story of an apparently trapped and fantasized girl who meets an outcast for society and learns not only to not judge but that in reality it is, perhaps, one of the most intelligent people I have ever known. In other words, people might see this film as a central point about Alisha teaching the other girl a life lesson, but it's not about that. <br /> <br /> This film is about VARIOUS things. Although it covers everything I have said, it is also representative of how people face a life-changing catastrophe. Really, this film is not very symbolic, but instead incredibly direct with its message, as long as you are not afraid to open your mind, and your heart, to some emotions you may not be familiar with the miraculous retraction. br /> <br /> Overall, this film is one of the best I've ever seen. The acting is brilliant, the plot and the representation are deep and meaningful, and the emotion that flows through this film will have anyone not only relate, but perhaps will cry. This film is very heartbreaking and of great impact, and if I had ever believed that a film could alter a person's life ... this would be the first that could have changed mine. <br /> <br /> I loved this movie, if you ever want a film that is moving and impactful, while incredibly fun and REAL, look at this.
