Henry Fool by Hal Hartley was an independent masterpiece and certainly his best work. It has an immense depth of character, a subtle and complicated dialogue and an excellent and exciting ending that fascinates. I remember pausing it several times during my first vision to absorb what I was seeing and hearing. Henry Fool was a complete film from beginning to end, and needed no sequel. <br /> <br /> So I was surprised when I heard about Fay Grim. Fay was not one of the main characters of the first film and seemed to exist more as the disturbing imposition of vanity and ignorance of the real world for his brother Simon, forced to behave while maturing. In her film, Fay ripens herself, even though her maturity takes a very different path. Simon went from an almost autistic isolation to a somewhat introverted genius. Fay begins his journey as an adult as an immature child, absolutely normal, spoiled and responds to the attack of ridiculous circumstances by becoming a mature adult, absolutely normal, an expert who has no advantage. He faces problems like any human being, with determination, a little thought and disdainful contempt. While Simon has learned to dominate his mind, Fay learns to control his emotions. <br /> <br /> The film contains several elements of his prequel that have been fondly remembered, but they differ greatly from most of the film. Henry fool showed you a hard, boring and ignorant world that contrasted with Simon's inner passion and creativity. In Fay Grim, the world is a lively, crazy, emotional place that shows the stupidity of his young life, and through contrast brings to light the wise inner woman who had not previously been developed or nurtured by her equally weak mother. <br /> <The film is divided into two parts, the first concerns the beginning of Fay's struggle and the subsequent strengthening due to an authoritarian hostility, and the second concerns his battle to soften only enough to regain Henry. At the beginning, Henry Fool fans might find themselves wondering how the film could also be considered a sequel, and to think that it is profane to follow such an intense film with espionage games and physical comedies. But this is where the subtlety of Fay Grim resides. The following talks about Fay's journey and, as I said before, his is to find vital health in chaos, not creative chaos in a calm order. Parker Posey is an excellent actress who perfectly captures Hal Hartley's tongue with a cheek humor. Elina Löwensohn perhaps the eclipse in the emotional commitment to the role, allowing Parker to play both heterosexual man and comedian against the lively and theatrical comedy that is happening around her. <br /> <br /> With Henry's entry into the photo, the film begins to take a sobering turn. Hal Hartley's films are all plays, and every game must return to the starting point. In the end, you are shown that Fay's character and integrity are the progeny of his time with Henry, whose intense mortal, whose penetrating honesty and unique passion ignite a spark in anyone he encounters. <br /> <br /> Fay Grim is an excellent film that does not surpass Henry Fool, but shows through the range of Hal that the nuances of his art are proof of his genius. <br /> <br /> Honestly, I think that anyone who washes this film not only missed the point of a mile (and especially the subtlety in the acting of Parker Posey), but couldn't have been very interested in the Henry Fool movie.
