Maybe I would have liked this movie more if I weren't so attached to Henry Fool's characters. For those who have never seen Henry Fool, I wouldn't worry. As Hartley jokingly said in his introduction to the film at TIFF, the film has many explanations and explanations. <br /> <br /> This film is very heavy in the plot, which keeps the film in motion. There are many funny moments and the film certainly has the characteristic humor of Hartley and the rhythm of dialogue. Overall, a technically well made film and sure to satisfy the new Hartley fans who are just starting to explore his work. As for the older fans who loved his previous works like Trust and Amateur, this film could go either way. I have mixed feelings about the film and subsequent Hartley films in general. What Hartley does best is to set his stories in small situations, focusing on the intimate and idiosyncratic ways in which his characters interact with each other. From the late 1990s onwards, his films have expanded in terms of topics. The media in No Thing, Religion in the Book of Life and now terrorism in Fay Grim. I don't know if Hartley's talent is suitable for such an important subject or if he can do it justice. <br /> <br /> Strangely, the film can still be reduced to intimate relationships, a simple love story about a woman who goes in search of the husband she loves. The only problem is that I saw Henry Fool and everyone looks incredibly out of character in this movie. It can be said that this film was written long after Henry Fool ended up with no intention of a sequel. Somehow, the plot of the terrorist feels appropriately attacked through the use of Henry's confession books like macguffin (in the hitchcockian sense). Fay's motivations for Henry's search seemed to be motivated solely by the needs of the plot rather than by what was loyal to who he was as a fay person in Henry Fool. I guess I'm a little disappointed in the film because it's not loyal to Henry Fool's characters and doesn't work exactly like a direct thriller. There is too much irony and irony in Hartley's approach to a big topic like terrorism. It works somehow and doesn't work at the same time. All you could say, you would love or hate the movie depending on how you interpret Hartley's work and know Hartley's work well. Henry Fool fans, being severely warned for a disappointment. For the rest, welcome to the world of Hal Hartley and enjoy the journey.
