Fay Grim is, on his face, a story of espionage and intrigue told with a nod and a wink. As the sequel to his extraordinary Henry Fool, Hal Hartley creates a surprising blend of film noir and hardboiled espionage thriller that begins with a skilful smile and a large dose of laughter and intense and warm twists like every movie I've seen this year. <br /> Parkey Posey is Fay Grim, an involuntary Mata Hari caught between the love of her ex-husband Henry Fool and the questionable intentions of a charming CIA agent. As a Fulbright agent, Jeff Goldblum is a master of wit and sarcasm, in a role that seems adapted to his talents. It has never been better James Urbaniak is Fay's brother, Simon, imprisoned but renowned for his wildly famous poetry books. His love for his work and his sister bring a jolt of passion to counter the gloomy nature of the spies that eventually populate the world of Fay. And Liam Aiken is Fay's fucking 14-year-old son. Although it could be redundant. Aiken's sober style is extraordinarily "old soul" for someone his age. <br /> <br /> The entire film is shot in the Dutch corner, the off-kilter style made famous by Orson Welles and used mainly in horror films and psychological thrillers to impart a sense of foreboding. In Fay Grim, using the style from the closing credits is intriguing at the beginning, deceptively clever the next. Just as the viewer begins to fall in love with the comic elements and the brilliant spirit of Hartley, it is something that happens. The film takes a dark turn yet strangely comforting as these characters become magically nice before our eyes. What started as a dark comedy turns into a romantic drama, and the transition is masterful. Slow stimulation gives way to breathtaking action, and we are sucked directly into the vortex. <br /> <br /> In the end, Hartley's clear dialogue combined with the incredible performance of a perfectly matched ensemble cast makes a delightful cinematic cocktail. Told with the luxury of those who are able to write, produce, direct, edit and even compose music, Hal Hartley has created an intelligent and sexy story of espionage with his tongue just planted in his cheek. Fay Grim is a part of Dashiell Hammett, a part of Raymond Chandler, and a part of Ian Fleming, shaken and perhaps agitated.
