The plot is never the strength of a Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers film, but the script for "Follow the Fleet" is exceptionally mediocre. Fred and Ginger are still doing well - they play "Bake" Baker and Sherry Martin, dancers whose personal and professional union is over when Bake joined the Navy. When they meet again, their love-hate relationship generates some funny comic moments. But for most of the film, they take a back seat to a boring subplot of Sherry's sister, Connie (Harriet Hilliard), her love for the sailor Bilge Smith (Randolph Scott), Bilge's love for another woman an old schooner that Connie inherited from her father. Although Hilliard is quite fascinating, this plot is not interesting. <br /> <br /> But at the same time, "Follow the Fleet" is blessed with an exceptional soundtrack by Irving Berlin that offers stars many opportunities to showcase their talents. Astaire gets two good solos with "We Saw the Sea" and "I prefer to drive a band". He sings expressly and, of course, dances electronically - and the sailor suit makes him look a little more boyish and athletic than usual. Rogers sings the catchy "Let Yourself Go" and later makes a single tap-dance on the same melody. <br /> <br /> The three duets really save the film, even if they are all trampled in the plot with stupid excuses. Fred and Ginger win a dance competition by doing an energetic routine to another shot of "Let Yourself Go". Later, they sing and dance "I'm putting all the eggs in a basket" as if it were one of the first tests of the number, flubbing the choreography for comic effect. In the end, the film finally finds out how to get Fred and Ginger in evening dresses for a romantic duet - it makes him part of a show-in-the-show. The situation is artificial, but the song "Let's make music and dance" is one of the most sinuous things that Berlin has ever written (Cole Porter remembers), and dance is combined with elegance. Astaire and Rogers par excellence. <br /> <br /> It would be very helpful to sit back in most of the "Follow the Fleet" dialogue sections, and, in fact, it is not necessary, because the plot rarely pushes the musical numbers. But I could watch the songs over and over again.
