If you have to believe in Hollywood, being in the Navy is nothing but a bad awakening. Although sailors may complain about the monotony of the ocean in chorus, it seems that their oceanic duties are completely non-existent, and somehow Fred Astaire finds enough free time during the day to offer dance lessons to a fleet of aspiring romantics. This is the world of Astaire and Rogers. Mark Sandrich's previous film, 'Top Hat (1935)', completely ignored the Great Depression that was bringing America to its knees, and presented the public with a glittering world of rich and famous; it was the optimistic vision of the film about life that perhaps contributed to its success. Similarly, here Sandrich deliberately forgets that the life of a naval officer is difficult and draining, and instead replaces the duties of a sailor with an assortment of light and catchy musical numbers. <br /> <br /> "Bake" Baker (Astaire) and Sherry Martin (Rogers) are two former dance partners whose romantic relationship broke after the latter rejected a marriage proposal. After Bake has returned to the Navy for several years, he finds Sherry as a dance hostess in an unassuming San Francisco ballroom. While the two former lovers alternately try to woo and repel each other, the simple sister of Sherry, music teacher (Harriet Hilliard, who looks really pretty) receives a complete restyling and tries to enchant the superficial navigator Bilgey "Bilgey "Smith (Randolph Scott). There are a lot of usual fellow scams, some moments of wrong identity, and even a hilarious trained monkey who steals every scene in which he is. Particularly amusing is the scene in which Bake sabotages an artist's audition to create a window for his estranged girlfriend; unfortunately for both, it is an unfortunate Sherry who drinks baking soda and loses his ability to sing. <br /> <br /> "Follow the Fleet (1936)" was the fifth successful collaboration between Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers and the third (of five) in which Sandrich directed the couple. Irving Berlin provided the music and lyrics of the film, and every musical number is pleasantly carefree and fun, even if they are not as memorable as those in "Top Hat (1935)," Swing Time (1936) "or" Shall We Dance (1937 ). 'Astaire tries to free itself from its typical character of a rich man in the city, without much success, but it is difficult to imagine the artist without the carefree and childish charm that could only accompany the fact of being considerably rich. The side storyline of the love story between Connie and Bilge works well with the antics of the two main stars, and Harriet Hilliard (who wears a brown wig to avoid clashing with Ginger's blond hair) has a couple of emotional solo numbers , including "Get Thee Behind Me Satan," which was originally written for "top hat".
