Follow the Fleet, an RKO production in 1936, sees the participation of Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers in a complex romantic comedy. Although Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers have had many similar romantic films together, RKO has helped them create a noteworthy storyline that incorporates situations relevant to society at the time it was created. The plot of Follow the Fleet depends very much on the use of stories layered between the two groups of main characters to create a satisfying romantic comedy. <br /> <br /> The general plot of the film revolves around Bake Baker, a sailor in the US Navy, played by Fred Astaire and Sherry Martin, Bake's former love and dance partner, now a singer and dancer played by Ginger Rogers . Their story begins when Bake is on the ship and his traveling companion Bilge Smith finds a photo of the two together, and Bake reveals that the last time he saw her he asked her to marry him, so Bilge suggests they try to meet with her when I'm on the ground, hoping she can have a friend. <br /> <br /> The next main scene begins the second plot of the film when Serry's sister Connie Martin is refused entry to Paradise where her sister works unless she is escorted by a gentleman. He turns around and finds Bilge behind him with a bag full of drinks, so he plays it as if she were waiting for him and also buys his entrance to Paradise. Connie then finds Sherry and tells her that she is depressed because she can't have the luck that Sherry does with men, so Sherry suggests getting a makeover from her friends while performing on stage. Connie is done, she enters the ballroom again and approaches Bilge again, who is shocked by her sight. The second romantic plot between Bilge and Connie begins. <br /> <br /> In the rest of the film the story and the increasing actions have gone from altering comic reliefs of the problems of the two couples that create several mini actions on the rise and fall within the general plot. Bake and Sherry had fun together in their first moments as they competed in a dance competition and ended up winning it, reminding them of the success and pleasure the two have when they are together. Similarly, Bilge manages to make Connie faint through his romantic attempts to please her, and they retire to his home. <br /> <br /> This series of happy events is soon followed by shocking measures that bring back the increasing action. Bake left Sherry the night before to retire to the ship before midnight, and told her he would come looking for her the next morning. Unfortunately the ship starts broken after the shipmates returned, upsetting Sherry and leaving her to think that Bake was still a typical sailor looking for a good time when on the ground. <br /> <br /> The mood has changed again as another subplot is inserted into the film when a "big blast party" is touring the ship. This alternative storyline is used to create a buffer between the stories of the two main reports of the film, as well as helping to create trust and affection for Bake's good general intentions. The party is interrupted by the unconditional music that is played by Bake and his companions when they miss the sound to bring back to the bridge of the company. The women are intrigued and ask to hear them play, and Bake happily begins to entertain them with a little dance, which eventually helps to brighten up the atmosphere of the film, as well as bringing happiness to the sailors. <br /> <br /> After returning to the couple's intertwined stories, Sherry is trying to prove to Bake that he doesn't need his help to find a job. Unfortunately Bake doesn't know he's doing auditions, and he goes to say a good word to Sherry when he hears his friend in the studio talking about the extraordinary lady audition. Bake takes the commitment to help Sherry tamper with her water, making her unable to sing properly and destroy her audition. In addition to Bake's mistake, Connie spent all her money repairing a ship that she hoped Bilge would hire as a captain. He had also scheduled an important dinner date for him when he should have come, but Bilge was aware of his intentions and hopes of getting married soon and was no longer interested, so he put her back on her feet. <br /> <br /> The rest of the film continues in the same format as mini actions that rise and fall until they reach the culminating point between the two couples, concluding the film with the happiness of both couples. The use of altering stories helps to build interest and emotions within each couple as they face both happiness and pain through each of their struggles. The intertwined stories are also able to relate to each other, as well as incorporating other unrelated subplots to help bring the narrative through the final scenes. <br /> <br /> Although Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers have together countless films that incorporate romance, comedy, song and dance, Follow the Fleet is a unique film for the two actors that successfully uses the technique of subplots to help narrative between the two main characters.
