What a funny movie. Astaire and Randolph Scott are in the Navy. Astaire must convince Ginger in San Francisco, while Scott must be persuaded that Harriet Hilliard is worthy of being his wife. Everything works perfectly. <br /> <br /> Sometimes it is discussed, and I can understand why, Scott's love affair with Hilliard is not necessary and slows the plot. Particularly painful are the Hilliard songs of corny love songs. I could have done without singing, quite well, but I found the novel rather moving. Hilliard enters the film as a music teacher, wearing a pair of glasses, no makeup and the ugliest clothes known to man or beast. No wonder Scott avoids it until he gets a sexy broom under the tutelage of his sister Ginger and a slinky Lucille Ball. The problem is that AFTER his remake it looks like the same hopelessly simple woman as before, only with a more polished dress. It's hard enough for a homey guy. But at least one man can become rich, powerful and popular, so he can still collect women, even if he looks like JoJo, the dog-faced boy. But what does a simple looking woman do? The same paths of romance are not open to her. Henry Kissinger had groupies. Margaret Thatcher? It must be terrible to be a common woman in a culture as cruel as ours. As a sort of footnote, I have to say that Randolph Scott was said to be bisexual from Hollywood gossip that needed some chewing absurdity, and it's a bit funny to have the following line in this movie when he puts Hilliard away from home - - "Women don't interest me, sister." The film probably gives Ginger Rogers more time than his other Astaire films. And she is wonderful. She is beautiful, sexy, a talented actress and dancer, and the script also gives her good comic lines. "Let's kiss and drag," suggests Astaire. "Let's do it again," he says, "that will give you something to work with." It is also the only film that she made with Astaire that gives her a solo number during an audition. (The choreography of Hermes Pan.) Her performance is accidentally sabotaged by Astaire who slips a bit of Alka Seltzer or something into her water, and she sobs through her number, making it erupt too indelicately for the moment. <br /> dancer, I would make a terrifying circus elephant, so my opinion must be taken as an amateur's, but I think their dances together are the same as any movie. Their first, during a dance competition, "Let Yourself Go", is the most exuberant of all those I can remember. And the only dramatic duet, "Let's make music and dance", must be among the best. The last step as they come out is surprising. <br /> <br /> I like the film for reasons of personal resonance. I remember seeing him for the first time in a theater in downtown San Diego, near a store called "The Seven Seas" that suited the sailors. I was in uniform at the time and was struck by the treatment of Astaire and Scott's naval careers. What I mean is that here we have this sparkling musical comedy that owes absolutely nothing to historical reality, yet, unlike most other teams, it still pays its share. Jumping the ship, Astaire calls a "water taxi". I had just taken a water taxi to the shore. The uniforms are correct for the period (unlike, for example, "In the Town"). And they are worn correctly, hats up to two fingers above the eyebrow and not set back. And there are two incidents in which Astaire runs into a problem with the naval authorities and they are both managed with perfect seriousness and are absolutely credible. An officer stops Astaire from leading a jazz band during the inspection and reports to the captain: "They were playing when the call sounded, sir, I'm sure there was no violation of the discipline". That's what an officer - a good officer - would have said, and nobody laughs. <br /> <br /> The series was becoming a bit repetitive when "Follow the Fleet" was made that way, instead of putting Fred on top of the company and a tuxedo, instead they turned it into a chew swabbie. It was a good idea. And the dance numbers are up to the concept.
