Being a big fan of fantasy in general, and of the works of Neil Gaiman * in particular *, I was looking forward to this film so eagerly, so hungry and with a mixture of anticipation and fear of disappointment that I can not believe it is finally arrived. And you know what? I was not afraid, the film version is fantastic. Different from the book, but in a good sense - less whimsical, more comical, yet deeply sweet and charming. <br /> <br /> The special effects are very well chosen and make magic feel natural and the world of Wall without being overtly spectacular and intrusive. <br /> <br /> The right attention was devoted to storytelling and pacing, and the casting in the main is a triumph, with the spectral Princes (whose call is almost like "Who's Who" of the British comedy at the time cool - Rupert Everett, David Walliams of Little Britain hungry, two of the Green Wing dudes, etc.) who steal most of the best lines and practically all the funniest moments in the movies, which exist in abundance. <br /> <br /> In fact, the only small criticism I have in the whole film is that sometimes the elements of the comedy become a bit OTT, the subtlety goes out of the window to the detriment of the main story ... Ricky Gervais' cameo, for example, was too "Ricky Gervais doing his usual David Brent of the Office comedy" for my taste, and in my opinion, he created an unwelcome and disconcerting pause from the magical spell of the story in evolution (although in all honesty, from the memory, I believe that the character of Ferdy in the original book was rather "Ricky Gervais" - it is important when I think about it) .... <br /> <br /> But this is a small quirk in a fairy tale otherwise immaculate and scripted with a good mixture of action and romance. Charlie Cox, in the title role Tristan, captures the right mix of ingenuity, subtle comedy and self-realization necessary for a story like this in which a "humble young man undertakes a life-changing research"; Claire Danes in the role of Yvaine is beautiful, exuberant and just slightly alien or ethereal, a perfect interpretation of her stellar role; Robert De Niro, in the cameo that every reviewer is talking about, is really worthy of praise, having a great time (he seems to have a ball too) ... and Michelle Pfeiffer is as triumphantly cold and evil as the evil witch Lamia, my favorite performance of the film as a whole. If you enjoyed his deliciously funny performance in the recent "Hairspray", then you will like it very much in this one too. <br /> <br /> So, to conclude this review: you will laugh, of course, you will smile, and you might even cry - Stardust is a beautiful fairy tale, which warms the heart for the whole family, with a heart of gold and much smarter than is immediately obvious. One of my favorite movies of all time is the absolutely fantastic Princess Bride, and Stardust was readily compared to this with a good reason as it is a very similar type of film that explores similar themes and territories ... and just like The Princess Bride It remains fresh, intelligent and fun twenty years after its initial version, I believe that the delicious ironic sweetness of Stardust will show itself as a favorite of families on our televisions (or equivalent future devices!) For many years to come.
