Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers, the first Hollywood dance team, were usually dressed up and slipped through elaborate exaggerated Art Deco sets in the 1930s. However, they are a bit more fashionable for this 1936 release, the fifth of their ten musicals together. This time, Astaire renounces his top hat, white tie and cross to become a chewing gum sailor called "Bake" Baker; and Rogers plays the ballroom entertainer Sherry Martin, who was Bake's partner - dancing and not - before enlisting. Consequently, unlike identity errors and romantic hesitations prevailing in most of their previous pairings, they are already a couple since the beginning of the film. <br /> <br /> Directed by Mark Sandrich (who led five of their matches), the film has a narrative resemblance to the "Roberta" of 1935 in which they are just one of the two pairs featured in the plot. Actually, Randolph Scott plays the other male lead in both films, this time as Bake's tailoring partner, "Bilge" Smith. He has a partnership with Irene Dunne (who understandably refused this follow-up) but Harriet Hilliard. Just married to Ozzie Nelson in real life and decades before Ozzie and Harriet, Hilliard plays Connie, Sherry's grinning sister, who makes a big blow to Bilge. In the silly storyline, she is given a makeover by a young bleached blonde Lucille Ball, and there's the classic three-way shot from Hilliard, Ball and an adorable Betty Grable doll in front of the mirror. <br /> <br /> About the story, what's on one is credited to Allan Scott and Dwight Taylor and it goes like this ... Bake and Bilge are on vacation on land in San Francisco where they end up in a ballroom with their rowdy traveling companions. Bake finds Sherry working there, while Bilge runs into Connie first when she walks in like a maid and then introduces herself as a glamorous girl. Romantic blooms for both couples. Connie and Sherry inherit a steamer from their father, but they need money to keep it afloat. Many misunderstandings occur in both reports, but everything is resolved when they transform the steamer into a theater and put up a music fundraising magazine. It's almost as silly as it sounds, but it provides a good excuse for some memorable songs by Irving Berlin and a trio of Astaire-Rogers dances. <br /> <br /> The first two are of random tone - a percolating dance contest "Let Yourself Go" where they perform mercilessly to win and a board comedy routine set for the fingertips "I'm putting all the eggs in a basket ". However, their last dance is a classic return to formality with a melodramatic piece beautifully set in an extraordinary arrangement of "Let's do music and dance". Intriguing, this film contains not only a Astaire dance solo, but the only time Rogers has ever had a dance solo for herself in one of their films, an energetic tap routine set back to "Let You Go Go ". Dressed in a creamy satin sailor suit, he also sings the same catchy song at the beginning of the film. <br /> <br /> In practice, Astaire and Rogers are generally in a comic form with a typically spicy taste. While Scott plays his role with his extravagant-eyed manhood, Hilliard is an extremely boring presence and, as a former singer, plays two Berlin love songs in a frustrating and distrustful way. Regardless, the magic generated by Astaire and Rogers in their first period makes this vision essential. The 2005 DVD has several interesting extras, starting with a thirteen-minute featurette, "Follow the fleet: the origins of those dancing feet", about how Astaire and Rogers started working together. There is also a live-action "soundie" called "Melody Master: Jimmie Lunceford and his Dance Orchestra", a poultry-themed cartoon called "Let It Be Me" and the original trailer.
