Hundstage is an intentionally ugly and unnerving study of life in a particularly dreary neighborhood of Vienna. It comes from the former documentarian Ulrich Seidl who takes a very documentary approach to the material. However, the film turns away from the normal types and presents us with characters that are better described as "extremes" ?? some are extremely lonely; some extremely violent; some extremely strange; some extremely subtle; some extremely frustrated and misunderstood; and so on. The film combines several episodes of nearby plot that are intertwined from time to time, each following the characters in a couple of days during a torrid Viennese summer. Very few viewers will be away from the movie feeling amused ?? the intention is to emphasize the many things that are wrong in people, the many evils that afflict our society in general. It is a film that stimulates reflection and its conclusions are rather overwhelming overall. <br /> <br /> A picky old widower fantasizes about his elderly cleaning lady and wants her to do a striptease for him while wearing his dead wife's clothes. . A nightclub dancer competes for the perennially jealous and violent behavior of her pilot boy. A grieving couple for their dead daughter can no longer communicate with each other and seek comfort by having sex with other people. A violent man abuses his woman but she forgives him repeatedly. A security vendor desperately tries to find the culprit behind some vandalism at a construction site, but ends up choosing an innocent scapegoat. And a mentally ill woman keeps hitchhiking with strangers and insults them until they throw her out of the car! The lives of these disparate characters converge for several days during an intense summer heat wave. <br /> <br /> Desperation in the film is palpable. Many scenes are characterized by long, embarrassing silences that are twice as effective as a whole passage of dialogue. Then there are other scenes during which dialogue and events on the screen leave you speechless. In particular, a scene in which the security vendor leaves the hitchhiker woman at the mercy of a vindictive boy - to be beaten, raped and humiliated (thankfully all off screen) for some vandalism that he hasn't even done - stirs up a sour taste , almost angry. In another scene a man has a candle lit in his rear end and is forced to sing the national anthem under the threat of weapons, all as part of his punishment for being bad with his wife. While we may want to cheer up the fact that this delinquent is receiving his imminent success, we are at the same time upset and nervous by the nature of his punishment. In fact, such strong contrasts could represent a summary of the entire film - every moment of carefree is counterbalanced by a moment of coldness. Every bit of hope is offset by a sense of despair. For every character you like or feel sympathy, there is another that only encourages anger and hatred. We may want to distance ourselves from Hundstage, dismiss it as an exercise in suffering, but it also indicates some uncomfortable truths and for this it should be applauded.
