This film must be classified as one of the most disturbing and interesting films of recent years. It is one of the few films, perhaps the only one, to give me really chills: not even Pasolini's Sálo, to which this film brings the comparison, struck me that way. I saw echoes in the film by directors like Pasolini, Fassbinder and others. I had to ask myself: what was in the film that made me feel like me? I think the answer would be that I was watching a horror movie, but that it challenges or even reverses the conventions of this genre. Typically, in a horror film horrible and frightening things will happen, but on the margins of civil society: abandoned houses, abandoned hotels, castles, cemeteries, morgues, etc. This manipulation of the horrified subject is, I think, a sort of defense mechanism, a principle of darkness and opacity that functions as a kind of projective space for the spectator's desires and fears. So from this perspective, Hundstage is not a horror film; it takes place in a perfectly normal society, and so does not delight in the horror film histrionics. But what you see is the shifting of some key themes from the horror genre, especially regarding the body and its violation, to the stages of fright and to the torture that can be put in place. What Seidl does is use the settings of an everyday middle class society as a stage on which a repetitive game of sexual aggression, loneliness, lack and violation of intimacy and integrity is proposed: the very themes that are they will find in horror, but subjected to a principle of light and transparency from which there is no way out. It is precisely in this shift that the power of Seidl's film lies. Hundstage treats these topics as a function of everyday life, visualizing them in everyday repetition, rather than as end sites and catharsis - a move you would encounter in this genre of horror. An important point of reference here is Rainer Werner Fassbinder. Fassbinder also had a way of merging the politician with the staff in his films, a melodrama tactic that allowed him to tackle political issues such as racism, domination, desire, property-related issues in a serious and even moral way. sexual property and control, fascism and capitalism etc. Seidl's tactic of making the mechanisms of everyday society the subject of his film places him in close proximity to Fassbinder; like this German ally, he has a sort of political vision of the company that he believes it is his responsibility to present in his films. During a seminar at this year's Gothenburg Film Festival, in which Seidl was a guest, he was asked why he would have had so many instances of women raped and subjugated in Hundstage, but no instance of a woman fighting, getting rid of. Seidl replied that some might consider it immoral to show violence against women, but that he himself felt it would be immoral not to show it. A valid artistic declaration like any other, I think. Thank you.
