To cut a long story short and not to ruin this whole film, it speaks of Kip (Giovanni Ribsi), a car thief, who messes up a large delivery of stolen cars (50 in total). He is then threatened with being killed by the man who gave him the order. The goal now is to have 50 cars stolen in 3 days, with the help of Randall (Nicolas Cage), a retired call and also Kip's brother and a couple of Randall's old friends. As you can see, this is the same old, older brother who needs to get his troubles out of the routine and of course Randall is the best thief that has ever existed. Obviously, like in all the other films, there are also some setbacks and surprises that you would never have thought of, but sometimes it's predictable, so there's nothing special in the story. <br /> <br /> You are probably wondering why this is about 51 times the HOT STUFF, since there are only 50 beautiful, fast, fresh and expensive cars to steal. Well the other hot object of this movie is Sway (Angelina Jolie (who will be a great STAR (believe me))). She is not only very convincing in the role of a car theft, but she is also quite sexy. OK, not hot as in nice, but hot as in damn beautiful and sexy. She was very credible in this role, probably because she is a sort of wild woman even in real life (don't believe me, read her biography) and for the sexy part see the man yourself. I just know that she plays the kind of girl I like in this movie, because it's not too mainstream, a little alternative look and even comes with a tattoo. <br /> <br /> OK the only negative aspects I felt while watching this film was, that there is not much action, there is a totally unrealistic scene, the story is OK and there are not many jokes. Hey, but after seeing the whole movie I have to say: CHI FA. Because I have to say it, well because it was still fun; did a couple of car chases; good music; some scenes of Bruckheimer (where the combination of music and the lines of the actors make the eyes wet); good actors who all did their work; nice cars; a cold, wild, sexy lady (yes, I mean Mrs. Jolie) and, last but not least, very beautiful and interesting tools to enhance the machines. So some downsides here, but still a pretty good and fun movie. All in all the best way to describe this film is that it is an OK movie overall with a cool ?? Fine felt good. <br /> <br /> As for Nicolas Cage, well ?? Actually he is one of my favorite actors in the action genre nowadays, after movies like The Rock, Con Air, Face / Off, Snake Eyes and finally this one. Also, which actor has had so many good action / thriller movies in recent years and successful ones? Well, nobody !!! Maybe Jackie Chan, but it's also one of my favorites. One thing that is true in Mr. Cages Bruckheimer's films is that they keep getting worse. The Rock, it was a clear 9, Con air was a nice 8 and this well this is clearly a 7. Not that that brand is bad. Doesn't he show that his films under Bruckheimer keep getting worse and that maybe Cage has to think longer before accepting a role in a movie and probably should make a few less films? No, he doesn't show it, because almost all of Cage's films have been successful in recent years, with the exception of 8mm and Bringing the Dead. 8mm was not great, I admit, but it was never Cage's fault and the story seemed good to me. As for this last film, I can't say anything, because I haven't seen it yet. One thing, though, I know for sure, if Bruckheimer had asked me about those three films, I would have said YES to all of them. I would have said yes to The Rock, because the story was great and why you could have played with Sean Connery and Ed Harris. I would have said yes to Con Air, because there would have been a lot of action, because the story was good and because you had to act with John Malkovich and Ving Rhames. In this I would have acted because I would have gotten a big paycheck, I would have been able to drive some cool and fast cars and why I could have kissed Angelina Jolie (I can't wait to see her in that Lara Croft Dress). This was Mr. Cage's good choice and it was certainly worth a look at the theater. <br /> <br /> 7 out of 10
