Well, this was definitely a surprise episode. In this science fiction anthology, with all these alien beings, extraordinary recurrences and many brushes with the afterlife, this episode would certainly be considered unusual. His seemingly insignificant settings apparently impart no morals at the end of the story. Or does it? Start with the silent film form, without recorded dialogue, but with musical accompaniment. In this case it is on the soundtrack, not using the reproduction of an organ or piano of an exposed musician. Also this part of the episode, together with the final section, made a liberal use or "Title Cards", just like "The Old Time Movies". While these titles are somewhat exaggerated and exaggerated, they are made so intentionally and with an affection for the contempt of The Silent Film. <br /> <br /> The veteran comedian Director, Norman Z. McLeod, was the man in the chair for this half-hour installment. He had been the director of many of the greatest comedies of all time, with characters like Marx Brothers, W.C. Fields, Harold Lloyd and Danny Kaye. He was no stranger to TV, since he had worked a lot on the television series. <br /> <br /> It doesn't seem that he and Mr. Keaton have ever worked together before (since I can't find it proof of this) 'but judging by the outcome of the movie, they managed to do it with flying colors! Anyone who directed Keaton knew that Buster was also a good director of comedies and a comedian. He was as comfortable behind the camera as he was in front of him. Their brief collaboration must have been harmonious, with "giving and having" on how to do things. It is clear that many of the gags were from Keaton, resurrected from his Silent Picture Days. For example, the gag to put the pair of pants with Rollo (the assistance of Stanley Adams was made by Keaton and Roscoe "Fatty" Arbuckle in one of the Arbuckle 2 Reelers, THE GARAGE (1919). This was a clear example of the his job in a nutshell. <br /> <br /> Buster knew that we film our world with a camera, making it a two-dimensional image. This fact is at the bottom of so many gags. It is a Cardinal Rule for his The cast was small and once again packed with veteran talent: Stanley Adams was Rollo and was Mr. Keaton's straight man, Jesse White, the old 'Maytag Repair Man', ran the correction of the "Time HJelmet" store Gil Lamb, a serene veteran of the RKO Short Comedy series, was the James Flavin Cop, George E. Stone, Harry Fleer, Warren Parker and Milton Parsons of 1890. largely silent cast. <br /> <br /> Without scatter the beans, we say that yes, there is probably a lesson to be learned here, if not already the one mentioned, "The grass is always greener on the other side of the fence!", so how about "be careful what you ask, because you might just have it!"
