This is a clever episode of TWILIGHT ZONE that was comic rather than strange or tragic. Buster Keaton is Woodrow Mulligan, an 1890 America janitor, works in a laboratory. He is constantly worried about the problems of life around him: the meat is too expensive (it's like $ 1.00 / lb. Unheard of!). He always shouts after the crazy speeders (on the bikes - the cars haven't appeared yet). Clinging to the end, he sees an instrument similar to a helmet by a scientist, he puts it on and tries it. Suddenly he is in modern America. The beginning was a seven-minute silent film. Now it's all noise, everything is talking, everything is playing, everything is blowing. Keaton is here only a few minutes when he realizes that the world has changed and not for the better. He runs into Stanley Adams, a professor Rollo, who realizes that Mulligan is of c. 1890 (mentions the president Cleveland). Rollo has always wanted to live in that fascinating and peaceful era. Help Mulligan repair the helmet and go back in time. Rollo gets bored after a while, due to the lack of scientific equipment he can use. Mulligan slips on his helmet and sends it into the future. But now Woodrow is fully satisfied with the quiet and simple age in which he lives. He found satisfaction. <br /> <br /> In his last fifteen years, Buster Keaton was often on television (many times for Allan Funt on CANDID CAMERA, where he could help set up gags for the public). He has also made some films (in particular A FUNNY WILL ON THE WAY OF THE FORUM and THE RAILSTER). But occasionally he appeared in TV shows and episodes. Here it is in his element, presumably advising the director (the old director of the comedy Norman McLeod - he directed the Marx brothers in HORSE FEATHERS) on the tricks he could do. See how Stanley Adams and he now pick him up when they tear off a pair of pants he needs. In terms of time it is reminiscent of the gags it made in the 1920s in films like SHERLOCK JR. The episode shows Keaton in peace for a man in his sixties. <br /> <br /> The appearances of Jesse White (here as a repairer, of all things) are always welcome. But look at "Professor Rollo". Stanley Adams was a well-known figure in film and television from the 1950s onwards until his tragic suicide in 1977. Plump, looking shabby, with a heavy and thunderous voice, his best known role was the promoter of wrestling in the film version of REQUIEM FOR A HEAVY WEIGHT (he wants Anthony Quinn to be a wrestler wearing an Indian costume). His most famous television appearance was that of the space hawker who presents the crew of the starship Enterprise in STAR TREK to those furry and fertile creatures "Tribbles" (as in "The Trouble With"). Adams was always worth looking at (like Jesse White, and certainly like Keaton), improving most of the productions in which he appeared. I never understood his suicide, but it was a sad end to a first-rate interpreter.
