Cosimo (Luis Guzman) ends up in prison for stealing with a car and there he gave the plan for the perfect blow from a life sentence in prison; so he must get out of prison, fast. He tells his girlfriend Rosalind (Patricia Clarkson) to find a man who will do his time in prison for some money. But nobody wants to make time for Cosimo's crime and yet everyone seems to know a boy who will do it. Soon the bad boxer Pero Mahalovic (Sam Rockwell) discovered the details of this so-called "perfect job". <br /> <br /> First of all, I think this film was a lot of fun and from my point of view I would recommend it to everyone. This film is a remake of the Italian comedy "I Soliti Ignoti". I haven't looked at the Italian original, so I can't judge or compare those two films. But "Welcome to Collinwood" is a great comedy in itself, about four people trying to steal money from the vault in a house. Everyone gave his share of brilliance from this movie cast. A really excellent film for these actors: Sam Rockwell, William H. Macy (big), Isaiah Washington, Michael Jeter (big), Luis Guzmán, Patricia Clarkson, Jennifer Esposito and finally George Clooney gave their part in this project. <br /> <br /> Perhaps to say that this film is just comedy, it is not right. This is more than that. Because of a difference. All the thieves of this film have very small desires when asked: what will they do with their money? He is above all protecting their future in a very humble way. This fact goes beyond the comedy in the soul of those criminals. And not only them, but also Babitch, who is presented as a corrupt one; so here the Russian directors show us that criminals and policemen are the same. Actually everyone in Collinwood is; and not just in Collinwood, because all people chase money, legally or illegally. I don't like all the movies where the audience eventually loves and cheers for thieves. But this is an exception. You must love them all. Riley with his little boy and his wife in prison. Totò with his pants. Cosimo with his sentence: "Your mother is a whore!" and all the others. I'm just like the characters in my favorite comic book, Alan Ford. Everyone tries to earn something, but they simply have no luck. But everyone did a good deed: they gave Riley money so he could put his wife out of prison. They are all heroes in my eyes, because many "honest" people wouldn't do it.
