Having seen the film at the age of 14 for the first time, I remember being hit by listening to the word "govno" (sh * t) for the first time on TV then still Soviet (I bet it was really the * first time in history Someone want to add this to the trivia section? :) ... What audacity and open freedom, I thought! Over the years, I have been increasingly impressed by the film and the incredible acting, but my feelings have turned into a kind of mixture of enjoyment from an authentic piece of film art and a bitter realization of a concept diametrically opposed to my 14-yo impression: impotence. There is an air of inevitable catastrophe looming throughout the film, of the primitive degenerate wave (embodied by Sharikov) that invests the lives of the most refined minds that advance humanity in their areas ... It is a great metaphor for the Russian revolution in general, inspired by intellectuals ashamed of their superiority and hoping to "update" the lower classes, only to release the power of mediocrity and allow themselves to be swallowed up by it ... An extremely refined and talented piece, which contains a very real idea sad in a brilliantly satirical and elegant form. Symbolically, did the film itself mark the end of the era of Soviet film traditions before the Hollywood tsunami overthrew them? for good, apparently, judging from the most current Russian films (most of them labeled "blockbuster" in prerelease !!! trailer and poster :). <br /> <br /> Funnily, that "govno" episode is not in contradiction to Efenstor's comment on the poor language of the current generation ... From what I have already said it might seem that this could be the film that has showed the way for this, but it wasn't. A mild word according to current standards, it was too rude then, and rude enough to show the true nature of all the Sharikovs ... BTW, echoes Efenstor's lament, is so naive as to approach the intellectual and use a rough lexicon , especially for Russian speakers, where a single cussword could have meanings that take sentences in translation! But I join in the regret that ALL the meaning of a teenager's speech today can be expressed with passwords. I feel this is the biggest problem of their choice of the medium that is most efficient for the task :) Well, this film and the book are excellent food for thought that could change them, or anyone who might have the luxury of watching it.
