This film (and yes, it's a film - it was shot in two parts, but the two parts together amount to just over 2 hours) is one of the unsung masterpieces of world cinema. A very well-mannered complaint, but at the same time absolutely wild of the Soviet regime and of the kind of person who prospered under it, the film is a faithful adaptation of the long-forbidden book of the same name by Mikhail Bulgakov. The sets are impeccable and the director made the brilliant decision to shoot in sepia monochrome, adding a touch of authenticity in which the incarnation of faded colors of the late 1980s would almost ruin the film. I won't say much about the plot, which deserves to be discovered by the viewer himself, but the performances are real works of the Oscars; special mentions go to E. Evstigneev, who plays the old professor with such presence, gravity and wisdom that, barely a word or gesture, ends up stealing every scene in which he finds himself. The second, of course, is Creatura / Sharikov, which, horribly interpreted by the perfection of V. Tolokonnikov, is far scarier than Hannibal Lecter, because not only does it exist in real life - entire countries have been run by men like him throughout history, with everything that follows. <br /> <br /> Even if it is a socio-political allegory, it is worth remembering that the film is also full of humor, even if obscure - there are many comedies that didn't make me laugh as much as this movie. Moreover, when laughing at this film, the feeling is not just one of hilarity but of understanding and agreement, which is always an advantage. <br /> <br /> There is hardly a complaint I have with this film - the only slight flaw is the tone of intellectual / bourgeois snobbishness that I sometimes caught by "enlightened" characters. But this is a little quibble. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, this film seems to have been bypassed by Western licensing companies. It is a shame that one of the best all-around movies out there is languishing and untranslated (which shouldn't be incredibly difficult - even if all the cultural references and revolutionary terminology necessarily vanish into the translation, the main themes of the film should be accessible to all). While we are waiting with our fingers crossed for the Criterion edition, I am thinking of creating the English subtitles myself. We'll see how it works.
