I have had a morbid fascination for tornadoes for more than 40 years, since my fifth grade teacher, a native Texan, told stories of people he had seen in his youth. Fortunately, I've lived all my life in the mid-Atlantic states, where tornadoes are rare and usually not as violent as those in the Midwest, but I've had two close encounters, one in PA and the other in NJ, over the past decade. <br /> <br /> I liked the family scenes, especially the conflicts between Jack and Dan Hatch. When the tornado was close, Dan knew most of what he had to do, and probably learned it at school, since I know that tornado security is an important topic in some parts of the United States where these storms are more frequent . However, the characters in the film did two things that some people think are done or are sure to do in tornadoes, but in reality they should not be done or are not safe. <br /> <br /> When the siren sounded for the first time, Dan and Arthur crossed the house and opened the windows. For years, this is what people have said to do, but tornado security websites now advise against doing so. Furthermore, people were shown hidden in a highway underpass. This method was popularized by a video from the 90s made by a crew of T.V. during a relatively weak tornado in Kansas. However, in the most severe tornadoes, people can be sucked into these subways. This happened during an epidemic in May 1999 in Oklahoma. <br /> <br /> The tornadoes in this film have been hit in the fall, which is not a common moment for them. (Then again, one of my closest meetings took place in late September.) In addition, they traveled from north-west to south-east, while most of these storms in the northern hemisphere moved from south-west to north- East. However, this is not so unusual. A famous tornado that hit Joliet, IL, traveled in that direction in the early 1990s (like the one that involved my other neighbor). I think the film should have been set in the spring. This film was based on a book which in turn was based on a real event that happened on June 3rd 1980. But it was still a compelling story.
