Ok, after reading a couple of reviews on Atlantis: The Lost Empire, I just want to clear up some misconceptions about whether it's a rip-off directed by Nadia: Secret of the Blue Water. The only part that was a hangover of Nadia is that Nadia's pendant and the Atlantis pendant have so much similarity in terms of use, origins and how it was created by the source of life that there is no doubt that it is copied. If you want to consider how Kida and Nadia are dressed the same way, you could even put it against Disney (it was a bit strange that Nadia and Kida wore those bikini-style dresses in a sci-fi adventure, not to mention that they both moved also a similar style). As an anime fan I have to say that there is a certain degree of copying, but it's only about minor details and even if not many of the ideas are original (like the design of cryptography on Laputa's wall, the ancient mask of Princess Mononoke, the similarity of the vehicles of the Garfish submarine in Nadia, etc.) ... I think the plot itself is very original and it is quite surprising that Disney can do it without the use of Captain Nemo (the protagonist of 20k Leagues Under the Jules Verne Sea, who is also the main character of Nadia). As for Mylo and Jean wearing similar glasses ... As shown in the novel "The Lord of the Flies", glasses are a symbol of wisdom and intelligence. I think Mylo, Jean, the main character of Stargate and a dozen other "INTELLIGENT" characters would seem unfit for the role if they went in without glasses. As for the submarines, and how submarines fight (with those big explosive torpedoes that really look like what Nautilus does), I mean it's a necessary element for both if Atlantis is involved in the plot (after all it's a submerged city underneath the waters). As for the crew that bears a certain resemblance to the Nautilius crew in Nadia, it could be a work of art, but I don't perceive any copyright infringement as the personality of the character was perfectly original to me. As an anime fan, Nadia is considered the best # 1 I've ever seen today. I have my doubts about Atlantis when I saw the preview for the first time. But now that I've seen the movie, I once again gained my trust with Disney and I have high hopes for their future films after Atlantis. Overall, the best Disney movie without me was shaking at the sound of their songs in the middle of the film and it's an advantage that they reviewed their cheese scripts to make it even better. Furthermore, it is surprising that they actually portray the bad guys with a normal appearance, making them too wicked at first (I wondered who the bad guys were and only the blonde girl looked like the looks of a bad character in terms of how Disney draws him, or makes him the very threatening villains)
