After seeing two of his silent short films, "Elena and her Men (1956)" is my first feature film by French director Jean Renoir, and I really enjoyed it. However, I didn't see the film for Renoir, but for the star Ingrid Bergman, who ?? at 41? still unsurpassed beauty, elegance and charm. During the early 1950s, following his scandalous marriage to the Italian Roberto Rossellini, Bergman temporarily fell into disgrace. Her next five films, directed by her husband, were unsuccessful in the United States, and I suspect that the latest version of Renoir did little to increase Bergman's popularity with the English-speaking public {however, he regained the his previous success with an Oscar in the same year 'Anastasia (1956)'}. She plays Elena Sokorowska, a Polish princess who considers herself a guardian angel, bringing success and recognition to promising men everywhere, before promptly abandoning them. While working with his lucky charm to help the political aspirations of the famous general Francois Rollan (Jean Marais), he finds himself falling into a love that he will not be able to walk away. This vaguely political film works well as a satire or a romantic comedy, as long as you don't take it too seriously; it is a purely carefree romantic fluff. <br /> <br /> Filmed in vibrant Technicolor, "Elena and her men" has a fantastic appearance, a burst of bright colors, characters and costumes. Bergman's Polish princess is dreamy and a little self-absorbed, not unlikely, but hardly a woman of high principles and convictions. She is convinced by a team of clumsy conspirators of the government to convince General Rollan to organize a coup, knowingly exploiting his love for her to satisfy his "guardian angel" disappointments. Perhaps the only legitimate virtuous character in the film is Henri de Chevincourt (Mel Ferrer, then husband of Audrey Hepburn), who ignores the selfish secondary motives of all others and chases Elena for love and love alone. This, Renoir proudly suggests, is what the real French can do best. Even Elena and her men attempt, with moderate success, to expose the superficiality of the French bourgeois relations through the clumsy parody of Eugène (Jacques Jouanneau), who cannot make love with his mistress without her boyfriend walk on them. For these sequences, Renoir was obviously looking for the crazy humor that you could find in a Marx Brothers movie, but the film itself is so relaxed and relaxed that the energy is not right there.
