From my third or fourth observation some time ago, I abstained from La Maman et la putain while I wait for the DVD. Meanwhile, I read the French script and Alain Philippon's monograph on Jean Eustache. The latter concludes with a frustrating filmography, eleven films, fiction, doc, and in the middle, impossible to see or, in the cases of Mes petites amoureuses and Le Père Noël ..., see again. <br /> <br /> Some questions that struck me at the moment: Véronika's Polish French is very colloquial (a maximum of "a maximum of d"). Even so, does he have an accent? I think I can say that it does. What does the absence of color add, especially where you see the fringe of the city? How does this fringe differ from the sleep and the journey that separates the worlds of The Tempest and The Winter's Tale? Idem Alphaville. Can we imagine the years since they did it, but Eustache deliberately circumscribes the environment of the film? Is it an enchanted island? Is Alexandre a fairy tale? Alexandre has always choreographed himself, caring about how or where to stay or walk, what to say when announcing these decisions to those who have to worry less about what they do. Or is this his way of trying to choreograph others by doing it for himself? How different is Vertigo's Scottie? (I say, I think, a lot.) What is the difference, and there is one, between Léaud of Eustache, Truffaut and Godard? How different is the present Léaud? Isn't he still doing it, whatever it is, in recent roles, Irma Vep, Le Pornographe, whatever, gets closer to old age? Once I arrived early for one of a series of Truffaut films mostly by Antoine Doinel (Léaud's character). For a long moment, every three or five minutes, a twenty-year-old male would arrive with a scarf, a tweed coat, Léaud's hair along the corridor, with a nose that sought direction. I have no idea if it was a conscious or unconscious imitation. I had that age, but I had no idea what it seemed to me then. No scarf, at least. I have a brother, though, who seems to have learned his carriage from Bresson.
