First of all, I really appreciated this film and its message, which concerns the courage to live life to the fullest. Very poetic, with moving and funny and sad scenes, very lively, it was a pleasure to observe. But here are my "exceptions": the film was too long and at some point continued to add more and more additional conflicts, so that it started to lose the main plot. However, I do not agree with another comment that it is unrealistic to have so many people with "strange" problems in such a small village. I think it was absolutely realistic! There are incredible dramas going on everywhere, we just don't know about the people we meet only superficially. I didn't like the ending, which was so full of symbolism and extremely forced. He left a bad taste because it was too much. I didn't like the fact that so many big questions were dramatically mentioned in the group (when someone accused others of all important things, people would simply be "ashamed" to say everything so personal in front of everyone, even if those people are a group you are working closely with). And: defending oneself is the strongest instinct of human beings. So why did Daniel ever let himself be beaten and never react, not even to defend himself? I mean he wasn't weak, he could at least try to defend himself when attacked, but it drove me crazy to see him do nothing. It was as if the narrator tried to forcefully present a message like "violence is not necessary", but the way he chose to do it was not good. They are also against violence but the character loses credibility when he remains impassive despite all the attacks. E: Gabriella ... because a woman, who spent years with a man beating her, goes to the man when he is arrested and says "I won't hurt you, you just did your best, like all of us". Oh really, this has ruined so much! Was he about to become a saint or what? It would be normal for her to be bitter but not nearly as "holy" and therefore not human. Was his work with Daniel and the music so great that it made her forget everything that had happened to her? Oh please. So these were the spoiler moments. However, I still think this is a delightful film after all, which is quite surprising given my discomfort with some things. Watch it!! ;-) "
