Famous international conductor Daniel Daréus (Michael Nyqvist) has a heart attack with his stressed professional life and interrupts his successful career with early retirement. He decides to return to his hometown in northern Sweden, from where his mother left when he was a sensitive seven-year-old bullied by Conny and other schoolmates, to live a low-rhythm life. He buys an old school and is invited to participate in the church choir by local pastor Stig (Niklas Falk), but reluctant and shy Daniel refuses in the beginning. However, he becomes involved in the community and feels attracted to Lena (Frida Hallgren), a local woman with a past with the local doctor. His music opens the hearts of choir members, influencing their daily life: the slow Tore (André Sjöberg) has the opportunity to participate in the choir; Inger (Ingela Olsson), Stig's wife, releases her pent-up sexuality; Gabriella (Helen Sjöholm) has an attitude against her violent and violent husband; the gossiper and the frustrated Siv (Ilva Lööf) opens his heart against Lena; the fat Holmfrid (Mikael Rahm) cries enough against the jokes of the businessman Arne (Lennart Jähkel); even Daniel starts to love people and Lena like the love of his life. When invited to participate in an important competition in Vienna, Daniel finds his music by opening the hearts of the people who realize his dreams. <br /> <br /> "Så Som I Himmelen" is a touching and sensitive film, with a very beautiful story. It's impressive how the director Kay Pollak and the writers managed to develop a large number of characters in 132 minutes of time. The performances are first-rate, supported by a magnificent soundtrack and at least two fantastic moments: when Gabrielle sings her song in the concert, and certainly the last concert in Vienna with the public, the jury and all those who participate in the melody, and Daniel who makes his dream come true. As in "Theorem", the foreigner changes lives, not only of a family, but of a conservative community. Furthermore, like many European films, the open conclusion indicates that Daniel actually died, at least in my interpretation, achieving peace with the success of his music. My eyes got wet in these two scenes. My vote is nine. <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): "A Vida no Paraíso" ("Life in Paradise")
