Kay Pollak's heart warmer in 2004 Så som i himmelen / Come in Heaven contains every stereotype of Swedish humanity and inhumanity, but still manages to be a welcome public. It contains an abundance of ammunition for cynical critics, observers of continuity and maudlin errors, but manages to evocatively represent the colors of life in a small community. The film also talks about proverbial messages about "finding one's voice" and "doing it only in spite of one's fear", without completely removing the lump from the cynics' throat. <br /> <br /> His success as the pleasure of the crowd comes from two facts. First, small films about strangers bringing new life into rural Christian communities offer ample room for exposure to hypocrisy and at the same time allow repressed characters to get out of their shirts. The same year and with a breeze similar to the Swedish, The Queen of Sheba's Pearls did it, and also the Feast of Babette comes to mind. Secondly, any film about small communities around the world will reach a human agreement in our increasingly individual / self-focused and impersonal world. The structural similarity of this film with the likes of The Full Monty, Brassed Off, Calendar Girls and In a Clear Day demonstrates its formula indebtedness. But it is a formula with still inside life, and this seems to be due to the fact that people need films with positive messages that evoke a sense of community almost in spite of themselves. <br /> <br /> The stranger burned the master Daniel Daréus in search of personal rediscovery. The city he visits, or rather the revisit, is, unbeknownst to the citizens, the place of his childhood. He was bullied mercilessly by classmates here, presumably because he was a sensitive musician without the aspiration to drive a truck. Here, he takes the job of choir singer / director, despite the usual suspicions of artists and strangers. The place is, of course, populated by a vast range of recognizable types whose arcs of character can be foreseen: the girl with a broken heart, with blond hair so beautiful that it almost lights up; the local businessman who rang his cell phone; the woman whose beauty is lost amid domestic abuse; the steel shepherd and his less austere wife, who at first sight seem to have come out of Ingmar Bergman. Also present: jealous and sentient spinster (Siv) (check); geriatric whose soul still sings (check); elderly couple who may have repressed desires from each other from kindergarten (check); obese person whose function is to indicate that we should not laugh and say "fat" (to control); intellectually handicapped boy who proves himself capable of singing a good "A" (control). However, Pollak's film is not all blurry hot. It becomes the subgenre "let's show off despite setbacks and moral opposition". It contains violence and an ending that could be a metaphor for dying after reaching creative nirvana. The violence of the film is primarily a function of male anger and repression, but it never delves deeply into why the school bully who grows up in a wife blender is like that. Similarly, the pastor of the small town adheres so closely to the super-protestant moralist stereotype that he wears black, that his secret indulgence in women's magazines is not surprising. His repressions and his hypocrisies are there, dangling and unrelated to psychological reality. Perhaps the inexplicable photograph of a boy, perhaps a lost child, glimpsed once over his shoulder, holds the secret. <br /> <br /> Perhaps these holes are functions of editing, such as different inconsistencies and continuity glitches that can be sighted, such as the unexplained reappearance of Siv in the chorus (twice) after moralistic outbursts. In fact, none of the film's hitches lasts very long and they all seem to be solved within a scene. Apart from some embarrassing love scenes, the 127 minutes of the film rarely drag on, but there is a feeling that things could have been left on the floor of the editing room. <br /> <br /> Although the film remains solid, the three-star rate the holes that can be collected in it. This is simply because in a world of film focused on technology and materialistic self-research, any glimpse of the human community is, after all, welcome for anyone, even for the cynic.
