This is a very addictive BBC-TV miniseries that is freely based on a mysterious disappearance of a young mother, but the series is really more of a five-hour study of assorted characters in history. It is therefore an ensemble piece, in which the wide variety of brilliant British actors and actresses can show their talent. The actual characters portrayed are actually "the kind of people you don't normally meet", people so boring and anonymous that it's hard to admire them. For example, the main character is a young husband (the one whose wife disappears) who has no job and no apparent interest in finding them. He lives by the handouts from his in-laws. He was once in the army, but he doesn't seem to have the slightest flicker of any ambition or any other interest in life apart from having his own small family. He is played by David Oyelowo, who is brilliant in the part, finding himself as a totally understanding person, although his only activities for five hours are loving and painful, which he does superbly, so that one wants to comfort him, as he is therefore obviously a good boy. The outstanding performance of the entire series is undoubtedly Penelope Wilton, who performs in circles around everyone else in history. It's simply amazing. It portrays a very unpleasant woman, or rather the only character in the story who is all too familiar to everyone, that is to say an irrational, hysterical, hysterical, self-centered, dense, querulous, blind and blind-hating elderly idiot. Alas, alas, we know them too well. Wilton is one of the best British actresses (see my review on "Half Broken Things"). It takes a character that may have been two-dimensional and makes it four-dimensional. It is wonderfully supported by the old pro Patrick Malahide, who plays the exasperated husband, and the pair of these has set a high standard for all younger players. Janet McTeer, a spectacular actress when she was younger, has become a much less likable person now that she is older, has somehow magnified and puts out one, but redeems herself in the later stages of the story showing how brilliant a actress who can be when she has a chance, pulling out one of the most convincing and original drunk scenes I've ever seen in a movie. The big surprise is the enigmatic character Sarah, played with great depth and originality by the actress Sarah Smart. He takes a character that could be unbearably boring and with the pure magic of acting he transforms her into a deeply mysterious and intriguing person, of which we tirelessly ask ourselves for the whole five hours. She is so good that we end up asking ourselves about Sarah Smart, frankly. I imagine that's what happens when you actually do your job properly, that people wonder where the character ends and the actress starts, if she herself knows, that is, and many don't. He has some deeply unnerving tricks with his eyes, which oscillate and let us know that he is upset, but we are not sure how or why, even if in the end we discover that he had an extremely violent and traumatic childhood. His mastery of ambiguous facial expressions is extraordinary. Rory Kinnear is incredibly convincing as an apparently hopeless companion who lives with his mother and is not up to it, but who turns out to have hidden depths. (I suppose most people have hidden depths, but we want to probe them, that's the question.) His mother is very well played by Margot Leicester. A superb performance is given by Lucinda Dryzek, who plays a snotty and disgusting teenager of the type that we all fear to meet, but that at crucial moments collapses into helpless tears and turns out to be pathetic, with all her arrogance only a pose. Three other children are also very good, Lucinda's friend and younger brother and half sister. The younger siblings can be really very weak as characters of the story (they seem unable to say something particularly articulate, being desperate witnesses of the disappearance), with little to recommend them but their sweet nature, but that is transmitted to the wonderful effect by Lee Massey as the boy and Tyler Anthony as the girl. Harriet Walter has a small role, but we don't see much of her, which is a shame, because she's a good actress who's been wasted here. You could go on, but you need to draw a line somewhere. The series manages to be strangely fascinating for the depth of the representation of all these essentially uninteresting people, trapped in a network of intense anxiety and suspense.
