Still the definitive program on the second world war, The World At War is not only long, but also very informative. The series contains 26 episodes (each episode lasts about 45 minutes) and includes the events that precede and follow the trail of war. Most of the episodes are about the war in Europe, and there are several episodes about the war in the Pacific. Other episodes include information on the wars in Africa, Burma, the Atlantic and the domestic fronts of Germany, Great Britain, the United States and the Soviet Union. There is an episode dedicated to the Holocaust. The series begins with the episode A New Germany (1933-1939), and tells the rise of the Nazis in Germany and the German territorial conquests before the outbreak of the war. The series ends with the episode Remember; the influence of war in a post-war world. Remember it is an appropriate episode to end this fantastic program. Each episode begins with a brief introduction and then with the opening credits. The credits are accompanied by a powerful musical theme. There are many pieces of music suitable for the whole series. Each episode is like a mini-movie. The footage is fantastic, as is the way it was made. Also, some of the shots are in color. The included information also makes the episodes memorable and fun. <br /> <br /> The series was produced by Jeremy Isaacs for Thames Television (United Kingdom). Commissioned in 1969, it took four years to produce, such was the depth of his research. The series was narrated by Laurence Olivier (one of the most famous and revered actors of the 20th century). The series interviewed the main members of the Allied and Axis campaigns, including eyewitness accounts of civilians, men, officers and politicians, including Albert Speer, Karl Donitz, Jimmy Stewart, Bill Mauldin, Curtis LeMay, Lord Mountbatten , Alger Hiss, Toshikazu Kase, Arthur Harris, Charles Sweeney, Paul Tibbets, Traudl Junge and historian Stephen Ambrose. Jeremy Isaacs says in "The Making of the World at War" that he tried to interview, not necessarily the big names that survived, but their helpers and assistants. The most difficult subject to identify and convince to be interviewed, according to Isaacs, was Heinrich Himmler's helper, Karl Wolff. The latter admitted to having witnessed a large-scale performance in the presence of Himmler. <br /> <br /> The World At War is often considered the definitive television story of the Second World War. Some consider it the best example of the documentary module. In a list of the 100 largest British television programs compiled by the British Film Institute in 2000, voted by industry professionals, The World at War ranked 19th. The program has everything the viewer needs to know about the war. After watching a few episodes I liked the series so much that I tried to watch the remaining episodes one after another. I've seen a few more times. There are two other great documentary series that I know could interest the viewer. One is called The Great War (1964) which concerns the First World War. The other is called Cold War (1998) which obviously concerns the cold war.
