Laurence Olivier's music and sober delivery set the perfect tone for this exceptional documentary. This is still to be seen for World War II enthusiasts, descendants of the participants in that conflict, politicians who think that things always go their way when they extend their foreign policy through an aircraft carrier deck (did you hear George Bush? ) And anyone else curious or in need of knowing the why and how of some aspect of that conflict. The 26 episodes are roughly in chronological order but can be seen out of sequence since they are more or less autonomous. There will certainly be a new vision for the new viewer due to the pure volume presented. The actual footage of the battles is interspersed with interviews with those involved in the stories. Many of the interviews concern the second line authorities, that is the support staff for the main characters, the private individuals, the captains, the secretaries, the eyewitnesses and the like. You have a real taste of what war is. <br /> <br /> I'm watching the DVD version of the original TV documentary. I highly recommend it for worn, open-mouthed and over-priced VHS offers available on eBay. I paid $ 120 Cdn for five double-sided DVD discs. This new version includes bonus material and is in full screen mode. The menus are easy to follow, there is first a choice of the episode you want to view and, after selecting, the option of various chapters in the episode is offered or to play the entire episode. It is understandable with such a complete presentation that there is a small amount of navigation on the menu, but the impact of what you will see will not diminish after 30 years, indeed, 60 years after the end of the war. <br /> <br /> I remember watching the first transmission on the PBS station in Buffalo just before I moved from London in 1975 and wanted to have a copy from that moment. Now my wish has finally come true. <br /> <br /> Watch this documentary. Tell your friends. Buy a copy for your library. Remember and honor the sacrifices and challenges overcome by those of America, Russia, Great Britain, Canada and all the other nations and peoples involved in the final victory. What an eye to open
