This interesting feature has a very nice plot, rather colorful characters and a very steady rhythm. it also incorporates a plot device from "Reap the Wild Wind", and since Cecil B. Deille directed this film and his son-in-law Anbthony Quinn has directed this film from its preparations, which can hardly be a coincidence. It works in both cases, I have to report. The unusual layout tells the viewer that Barataria, an island ruled by Jean Lafitte, was built on piracy, but during the war of 1812, and before, it always refrained from disturbing US ships. Now General Andrew Jackson has been accused of defending neighboring New Orleans with only 12,000 men against 60,000 British imperial vests and 60 ships. Lafitte's men want him to stand with the strongest force; he wants freedom and thanks for his men before giving up a strategic landing place for US forces. There are other factors at work in the plot; The pirate Bonnie Brown and his father want to attack US ships and do so despite Lafitte's orders, leaving a boy alive without knowing he lost an eyewitness. When his testimony finally comes out, Jackson cannot grant what Lafitte asks; but Lafitte supports him anyway and in the fog, the pirates and Jackson send the British in rout and he goes at full speed towards whatever destiny awaits a man who had genius and command but not luck. The cast of this colorful and beautiful film is really clever. Yul Brynner has one of his best roles as a pirate king, Inger Stevens is beautiful; like the girl he loves, Charles Boyer has many good lines as his advisor, powerful Lorne Greene is a rival, E.G. Marshall the Governor, and Claire Bloom is as charismatic as Bonnie Brown. Others in the cast include Ted de Corsia, Douglass Dumbrille, George Mathews, Henry Hull as Jackson's adviser, Bruce Gordon, Onslow Stevens, Robert F. Simon, Henry Brandon, Fran Jeffries and Leslie Bradley, among others. The music of Elmer Bernstein is truly memorable, and the script of 1938 rebuilt here only had to be refreshed a little. Brilliant cinematography is the work of veteran Loyal Griggs, the decoration of the set was provided by Albert Nozaki, Hal Pereira and Walter Tyler, decorated with Sam Comer and Roy Moyer and costumes by Edith Head, John Jensen and Ralph Jester. Nellie Manley did the elaborate hairstyles and Wally Westmore made the trick difficult. The film contains a lot of adventure-level dialogue and a very strong battle scene. Charlton Heston, like Andrew Jackson, prepared to play the part of a senior general and then discovered that the man was young at the time of the battle; but it is often effective, with gray hair or not, especially in his exchanges with Henry Hull as Mr. Peavey. This is exciting and well-mounted fun, which looks exactly like C.B. DeMille had completed his production; it's a beautiful and almost very beautiful film.
