If my expectations had not been exceeded, they would certainly have met. "Nancy Drew" works both as a mystery and as a comedy. It pays homage to the books on which it was based and falsifies them at the same time. The film begins with a close-up of a bookstore and an animated sequence of credits that recalls the illustrations in books. The books then start flashing immediately. Writer / director Andrew Fleming seems to realize that the idea of ​​a girl who regularly breaks the rings of crime in a small town is ridiculous, so she doesn't treat the idea religiously. He makes fun of Nancy Drew's ability to do anything, like every ace in school, to know which sweetness in the oven is perfect to convert any enemy to her side, create a house with twelve flying buttresses and even perform a tracheotomy. emergency at a party. Nancy was always in perfect style, if she lived in the healthy fifties instead of in the current L.A. And it carries around an "investigator kit" complete with fingerprint dust, flashlight, compass and magnifying glass. Prepostero, of course, but I seem to remember the access of the Hardy Boys at all times since even CSI equipment is a little too comfortable. And if the pipsqueak private eye is a little younger than its literary counterpart, it's just more comical exaggeration on the part of the film. <br /> <br /> The mystery of the film is managed more seriously. Nancy and the lawyer's father pass by their small town in Los Angeles, where Nancy digs in a cold case involving the murder of a Hollywood movie star who lived in her new home decades ago. Nancy looks for clues in very practical ways, like browsing sites like Google and this and watching old videotapes of victims' movies. When he does something more out of the ordinary, you have to admire the resourcefulness of the girl. Emma Roberts, an undeniably pretty girl, plays the amateur investigator beautifully. It makes the girl too perfect completely lovable, if not completely realistic. Tate Donovan is also exceptional as the father of the perfect girl, Carson Drew. He is an ideal father figure without being unrealistically perfect, and shows a reasonable concern for his daughter when he puts himself in danger. Less pleasant is the way Max Thierot plays Ned Nickerson, Nancy's boyfriend. I much preferred the portrait of George O'Hanlon Jr. in the 1970s TV series starring Pamela Sue Martin as Nancy Drew, in which Ned was a clumsy, clumsy boy with a crush on Nancy. The character of Corky (Josh Flitty), a twelve-year-old with a crush on Nancy, is much less annoying than Max Thierot's Ned. Amy Bruckner and Kay Panabaker seem appropriately cast as Nancy's gal friends, Bess and George, but they only do short cameos at the beginning of the film. <br /> <br /> Speaking of cameo, Chris Kattan (SNL), Eddie Jemison ("Ocean's 13"), and Bruce Willis all make surprise appearances for guests, which shows that you can never guess which movie will appear in the next Bruce Willis. <br /> <br /> The film fails to live up to some potential. It has already been mentioned at the beginning that Drews' new home is heavily traumatized, but Nancy and her father have ended up tripping booby traps a few minutes later. In addition, Nancy describes the cold case that is about to investigate a murder that takes place in an extravagant party, which should bring many potential murderers, but only meets a handful of suspects. And while there are some moments of real suspense during Nancy's adventures, the solution to the case comes out of nowhere, and eventually all the possible plot twists are tied too conveniently and who cares-who did. The soundtrack of Ralph Sall adds to the suspense of the film, but the contemporary songs of teenybopper intertwined in the soundtrack are limping. However, I really enjoyed this film, and although the film is aimed primarily at tween girls, people of any age and gender can enjoy themselves.
