"La Maman et la putain" is the most beautiful film of all time. And the most moving thing could be the relationship between reality and art that the film deals with, which is directly inspired by Proust's "A la Recherche du temps perdu". <br /> <br /> In fact, "La Maman et la putain" and "In search of lost time" seems to tell the same story: that of the failure of love, which is repeated to infinity. The name of the first woman is still Gilberte, and the second woman appears as a double twisted and deformed of Gilberte: Veronika is like a "whore Gilberte", beautiful as the night, while Gilberte was pure and "beautiful as the day". After the failure of the first love, a second love begins, but this is already condemned by the first. Veronika takes the place of Gilberte, in the life of Alexandre and in the film. She gradually eclipses him, first from time to time, Gilberte comes again when Alexandre waits for Veronika, then totally. This shows that it is the same sad story that is repeated, the same "unfaithful woman", as Alexandre says, appearing ad infinitum - and for Proust the highest point of love is unfaithful, which makes it exist, but which emphasizes even his illusions. /> <br /> Art is what causes the transition between what is external - the illusion of love - to what is inside, which is the truth, and is a learning of this truth. For example, when Veronika notices the strange way in which Alexandre makes the bed, he replies that he saw it in a film, and then, that film, "is made for that, to learn to live, how to make a bed". Alexander wants to live as if he were in a film, he wants his life to be art. <br /> <br /> This conception of art comes from Proust, with whom Eustache shares the same rejection of "political art" and realism in art. "La Maman et la putain" fights against a conception of "principaly" art - see for example the ironic review of a political film by Alexandre. As Proust says: "Art does not care about all these proclamations and exists only in silence". First of all, art is introspection. And also because realism or naturalism are rejected: art needs to transform reality to exist. Proust writes: "I discover the illusion of realism, which is a lie". This is why "La Maman et la putain" does not hide its artificiality, it emphasizes the way in which the actors "say" their text: "the more you look artificial, the higher you go," said Eustache. <br /> <br /> Eustache and Proust both share the idea that the artist is a "translator" of an inner truth. But Alexandre failed where Eustache succeeded. "La Maman et la putain" tells us that a character is not what he really is. You can feel the tragedy when you go further into the film, which becomes the saddest. You can see him in front of Alexandre, who seems more and more a living dead. You can see it from the fact that the scenes get longer and that after a while nothing happens outside. At the end of the film, when you see Alexandre writing, and Veronika asking him if he is writing his life, you can assume that it is not, that literature has also failed. The end of the film shows the symbolic death of Alexander, who is struck by the heaviness of reality. And in this small infirmary room, Alexandre looks more like Albertine than Marcel. <br /> <br /> To explain this failure, we can say that Alexandre is a Balzac reader. In "Forme et signification", Jean Rousset explains that, in Proust's, the readers of Balzac, who are Swann and Charlus, are unable to create any artistic creation, because they are stuck in reality, confusing with art. They see reality in art and "are not aware of the transformations that necessarily exist between the life of an artist and his work, between reality and art". And this is exactly Alexandre. For example, he claims that "he loves a woman for parallel reasons, because he played in a Bresson for example". It's like Swann, who falls in love with Odette because she looks like Botticelli's woman. <br /> <br /> "Life may not be my vocation". This thought is in fact Eustache, who committed suicide, even though it was said by Alexandre. However, there is a difference between Alexandre and Eustache: if Eustache is absolutely Alexandre, Alexandre is like a double without art, a horrible vision of the artist, which crystallizes his fears. <br /> <br /> Cashing in Veronika at the end of the film, Alexandre is doomed to illusions. It is death that reminds me of the last frames of the film, in front of Jean-Pierre Léaud and the incessant pumping of Veronika. Or maybe it's already the hell that describes the end, as in Sarte's "Huit-Clot", and absolutely not as in the final release of "Le Temps retrouvé". If Eustache had read Proust, Alexandre could never have finished the book, always troubled by life and Veronika when she tried to read it in her apartment or in cafes. "La Maman et la Putain" is like a double inverse of "In search of lost times", which tells how Alessandro does not become an artist, while "A la Recherche du temps perdu" tells how Marcel becomes a writer (Genette). <br /> <br /> If, as Baudelaire says, an artist tells "reality in the light of his dream", it is his nightmare that Eustache tells us in "La Maman et la putain".
