In what could have been seen as a coup d'etat towards the sexual "revolution" (I deliberately use the quotations for that word), Jean Eustache wrote and directed The mother and the whore as a poetic and overwhelming criticism of those who fail to get enough love If there is a message for this film - and I hope the message comes only after the fact of what else this Ben-Hur film has to offer - is that to love, honestly, there must be something level of happiness, of true truth. Is it possible to have two lovers? Some may try, but what is the result if no one can really have what they really want or feel they can express even to say what they want? <br /> <br /> What is the truth in the relations that Alexandre (Jean-Pierre Leaud) has with the women around him? He is a pseudo-intellectual of twenty years, not with an apparent work and lives of a woman, Marie (Bernadette Lafont) slightly bigger than him and usually, if not always, his lover, his last possible love-of -he -Life has left him, and immediately he collects a woman who sees on the street, Veronika (Françoise Lebrun), who perhaps reminds him of her. Soon what is revealed is the thinnest love triangle that has ever been staged, in which the psychological strings are drawn with the most cruel words and the least of gestures. At first we think it could be all about what will happen to Alexandre, but we are wrong. Women are so essential to this demand for love and sex that they have to be around, talking all the time, for something to sink. <br /> <br /> We are told that part of the sexual revolution, in theory if not entirely in practice (maybe it was, I can't say I wasn't alive in the period to see it first hand), was that freedom led to a lack of inhibitions. But the point, if at all, of Eustache's message is that it is practically impossible to have it in both directions: you cannot have people who love you and expect to get the satisfaction of the final company that comes with "f *** ing" , as the characters refer over and over again. <br /> <br /> The strengths of Mother and Bitch regarding the theme is to express this terror under the promiscuity, the lack of monogamy and at the same time stimulate the intellect in the most spoken conversation you have ever seen in a movie. At the same time we see a character like Alexandre, who probably loves to hear about a movie he has seen or something bad about his past, Eustache makes sure that the film itself is not pretentious, even though it might seem like it it's about pretentiousness, what lies beneath those that are covering their internal flaws, what they have to use when they are finally alone in the morning. <br /> <br /> If you thought that films like Before Sunrise / Sunset were a movie of sentimental speeches, you failed. But while Eustache delights in the dialogues that these characters have, sometimes banal, or "deep", or sexual, or sincere, or occasionally extremely (or so quiet) emotional, he is never, never disinterested or boring. On the contrary, for those who can't get enough of a good * talking * movie, it's exceptional. While his style does not recall the audacity that came with his predecessors in the nouvelle vague a dozen years earlier, Eustache's new wave touch is with the characters, and then echoes over them. <br /> <br /> This is a realism with a peak of attitude, with things that were at the time biting and sarcastic, crude and without shame in the expression. All three actors are so glued to their characters that we can never perceive them as "pretending" an emotion or going at all in melodrama. It is almost too good in naturalistic / realistic terms, but for Eustache's material there is no other way around it. Fortunately Leaud offers the best of his career over the period, and both women, especially Labrun, like the "whore" Veronika (a statement that refutes staggering in the climax of the film in an uninterrupted shot). And, like another touch, every now and then the director immerses himself in a quiet moment of thought, of a character sitting alone, listening to a record, and in contemplation or quiet agony. This is probably the biggest influence on Jim Jarmusch, who dedicated his film Broken Flowers to Eustache and has a particular scene that is raised completely (and lovingly) by the late Parisian. <br /> <br /> Sad to say, before seeing Broken Flowers, I never heard of Eustache or this movie, and procuring it has become a real challenge (not available on US DVDs, and on VHS it is so rare that it took many months of tracking in various libraries). Not a minute of that time was wasted; the mother and the whore is a truly beautiful work, one of the best French dramas of relationship, perhaps even one of the most incredibly lucid I have seen from the country in general. It's complex, it's sweet, it's cold, it's absorbent, and it's very long, maybe too long. It's also satisfying about the kind of level I'd like to compare with Scenes from a Marriage; the true revelations on the human condition continue to arise 35 years after the publication of each film.
