It is a refreshing breath of air when a film gives you a plot with a beginning, a medium and an end, a beautiful, intelligent mystery, with an attractive heroine for all ages, who conquers us with her spirit and her charm. Andrew Fleming's film is truly a modern wonder, a return to the old reliable narrative that was the Hollywood norm. He puts aside the excessive addiction to the special effects that now passes for entertainment and gives us a fantastic film, with a very capable young actress and a talented cast of talent. <br /> <br /> The film is based on old books, but has been given fairly up to date in this century; however, the props could be different, the heart is still a good mystery, and here there is an intelligent one, which links the traditions of the old and the nuances of contemporary youth. Emma Roberts is an old-fashioned girl who believes in good behavior and respect for others; details that are definitely missing from today's films. She is still good enough to get the kids' attention, but she also knows how much balance and self-respect are present. Earn his medals by working hard and not afraid to show some cunning when it is necessary to achieve his goals. <br /> <br /> During a vacation in California, our heroine is drawn into the mystery of a Hollywood actress victim of improper play; suddenly she is "visited" by her ghost and this starts a series of events that could solve the mystery or result in something terrible for itself. What makes the film rather funny is the small details, as it discovers that its usual world is nothing compared to the California scene, and this is well presented, without resorting to a useless vulgar language or something graphic or openly sexual. In the end, the director has enough control to make everything very attractive for all types of audiences, from young people to adults in the audience. It is a film that deserves to be seen, appreciated and appreciated, a rare and delicate film, and is not afraid of being classified as funny! Five stars
