Unfortunately, Jean Eustache (1938-1981) belongs as it once did to the great French directors nowadays to great strangers whose films are hard to find and are not published on international DVDs. Since we have a good old video library in Tucson, I had the chance to see this 3 1/2 hour marathon masterpiece which is not boring for ten seconds. <br /> <br /> Since we are talking about one of the most discussed (and most discussed) films of all time, let me tell you my impression that the endless dialogues, originally typical of Jacques "Nouvelle Vague" Rivette or Alain Resnais, appear almost ridiculous in this film. The dialogues are basically monologues, mainly the longer ones pronounced by Jean-Pierre Léaud. The most characteristic feature is that the intersections of two people's speeches are almost zero. Léaud, or his character, Alexandre, is pleased to say more about himself than about the subjects that seem to speak. Therefore, we cannot talk about communication in this film. It is possible that the director had in mind a gigantic satire against the fleeting functioning of political and sociological ideas once so mentioned, but the kind of man that Alexandre exists at any time, we find him already in Petron's "Satiricon", that the work actually has a great resemblance to "The mother and the whore". <br /> <br /> Alexandre not only has nothing, but has developed his own kind of metaphysics regarding the absence of acting, at least acting in the sense of responsibility towards the society of which he is a part. He makes fun of the people who run to work at 7 am, when he is only busy drinking his last drink before going to bed in the apartment of one of his friends from whose money he lives. He is unable to pronounce a sentence without mentioning one of the main thinkers between Nietzsche and Bernanos. Sartre, in particular, who is quickly shown in the French intellectual coffee "Aux Deux Magots", where even Alexandre is sitting all day, must serve as an excuse for the lifestyle of Alexandre and his colleagues, because he suffers from an existential crisis from the bourgeois nausea. However, Alexandre's intellectual discourses seem to be rather pseudo-intellectual, and the sentences and jokes he mentions seem to come rather from a dictionary of quotations than from his actual reading of the respective books. <br /> <br /> it is true: this film requires an extremely wide European knowledge, in particular the knowledge of the French existentialist philosophy and the consequences for the revolutionary student movement, but if you have this knowledge, you will enjoy 215 minutes of your life staring at the TV in amazement and shouting with laughter as you probably haven't done for a long time.
