Jake Speed ​​is a film that lacks one thing ?? a charismatic advantage. Unfortunately it is something that distorts the whole movie and it's a shame because it's a fun action movie with a pretty witty script and an interesting premise, even if it's derived. Even if it is genesis it can probably be traced back to the success of the Indiana Jones trilogy ?? the film actually sounds a bit more like 'Romancing the Stone' although on the contrary. He is not an author of romantic adventure novels guided in an adventure by a character very similar to one of his creations, he is an adventurous fiction character (who tells his own adventures) who leads a normal woman on one of his adventures. /> <br /> When a young woman disappears in Paris, her sister Margaret (played by the appealing Karin Kopins) gets involved with the pulp hero Jake Speed ​​(Wayne Crawford) and her partner Dennis (Dennis Christopher) who both prove to be real and very imperfect individuals in an adventure that takes them into the heart of an African state devastated by the civil war and finally into the clutches of two brothers, the delightfully evil Sid (John Hurt) and his ridiculous brother Maurice camp (Roy London). Is this the plot? it is not labyrinthine and is not complicated, but the story it tells does not require great depth. <br /> <br /> Action sequences are tempting to begin with and it is certainly true that the heroic trio is put to the test (whether they are battles between the government and rebel forces or being thrown into a pit full of lions) and there are certainly some pretty funny lines. However the film seems to struggle to find an ending and unfortunately the action sequences that are quite tempting begin with nothingness and eventually become a bit insipid and annoying. This, however, may not have been such a problem if it were possible to appreciate Jake Speed, but due to the performance of Wayne Crawford it becomes harder to really worry about what happens. Now I don't know if he is stretching a bit because he is also the producer and screenwriter of the film or if he is simply not a good actor (since I have not seen him in much else) but he has never really convinced as a bizarre mixture of Doc Savage, Indiana Jones and Jack Colton. <br /> <br /> Is this a shame because most of the other characters play their roles well? Karen Kopins is fun and convincing and her character shares some nice jokes with Jake (unfortunately she never convinces). Is Dennis Christopher perfect as the archetype of the partner and John Hurt plays the part with the taste of the field ?? almost as if it were in an episode from the 1960s by Batman. He focuses on his few scenes growling in a ridiculous cockney accent staging a show that almost belongs to another film. Sid is not Moriarty (he is presented as Jake's nemesis from a number of his previous adventures / books) but it's always fun to watch. <br /> <br /> Jake Speed ​​tries to channel the same funny spirit of the B movie as Night of the Comet '(a film produced by Crawford some years before) and almost succeeds but is it missing ?? which is a shame because Jake would have been nice to watch in some other adventure and could have been better served by a television series. I would recommend it out of curiosity, but in the end it leaves a bitter taste because most of the elements were there to do something really good.
