Comedies often have the unfortunate reputation of having little real depth. Arms and the Man, shows that the notion is false. Shaw's drama is full of comic drama, which combines a fun plot with true philosophical depth. <br /> <br /> On one level, Arms and the Man is a successful and somewhat unique romantic comedy. The young, melodramatic and superficial Raina comes from a family of soldiers deeply involved in a war; her fiance and her father are both military officers. She is shocked one night by the arrival of an enemy soldier. He saves it, knowing that he will have to keep the secret incident from his family forever, and in the end the soldier will leave. Of course, once the war is over, that soldier returns, forcing each of the main characters to re-evaluate their values ​​and relationships. <br /> <br /> It is quite interesting how the Shaw levels have meant within the rather standard comic plot. Shaw is able to comment on the class constructs, the absurdity of war and even the nature of love. And, of course, he does it with Swedish humor and a satisfying storyline. There is so much to think about that I think a lot can be missing in a single vision. Arms and the Man is an excellent comic theater and is certainly one of Shaw's best works. <br /> <br /> "Arms and the Man" is both a fun and challenging film that retains its relevance even today, more than a century after it was first conceived. Shaw teases popular theories about war and love and combines a military satire with a provocation about love and family structure. The game has a bright spirit, lively humor and bitter sarcasm. A good example of Shaw's dialogue is Captain Bluntschli's declaration to Serguis: "I am a professional soldier: I fight when I have to, and I am very happy to get out of it when I don't have to. An amateur, you think fighting is fun". As the son of a Swiss hotelier, Bluntschli had no reason to be involved in the war and it is in this absurdity that Shaw questions patriotic feelings. Shaw explores the whole concept of war and the army on both sides of the struggle and eventually shows that the feelings in both fields are not so different. <br /> <br /> The dialogue and sarcasm used for the common notions of life is entangled with a kind assurance of the movement of history towards a fairy tale ending. The end in which all the characters are made happy and the lovers change and the shifts of love is what underlines the essence of this drama as a comedy. This is a film that supports its image of having a universal appeal and is still appropriate today when the concepts of war and patriotism, love and marriage have changed radically. Shaw's "Arms and the Man" should maintain its relevance as long as there is love and war.
