Doyle had never wanted to resurrect Holmes from his joint death with Professor Moriarty in THE ADVENTURE OF THE FINAL PROBLEM. However, financial considerations made him want (in 1901) to write THE HOUND OF THE BASKERVILLES, which is still considered his best novel by Holmes and perhaps his best novel. But it was a "memory" of the great detective, written before his death. Only a great protest from his audience led Doyle to completely resurrect Holmes in THE ADVENTURE OF THE VACUUM HOUSE, published in 1905. <br /> <br /> It is not that the new stories (and the last novel) are really bad. Maybe three of the stories are really terrible, but even the terrible ones are very readable. Many of the following ones (such as THE ADVENTURE OF SOLITARY CYCLING) are really very good. But the irregularity of production (in particular after the stories of HIS LAST BOW (1917)) becomes increasingly evident. Repeat past plots, and show really negative aspects of Holmes. In the story THE ADVENTURE OF THE THREE GABRIOS Holmes shows a mocking sarcasm for a character who is of African origin. <br /> <br /> SPOILER COMING UP: <br /> <br /> THE ADVENTURE OF CHARLES AUGUSTUS MILVERTON takes care of Holmes trying to recover compromising letters from Milverton, a successful blackmailer. It is an interesting example of how Doyle can make a highly readable story with a minimum of plot because there is some real detective work in the story. Holmes is hired to try to negotiate with Milverton regarding the purchase of letters, but to get them back no matter what! Milverton is not only reluctant to consider a smaller amount for documents, but is preparing to protect himself from Holmes by trying a search of his person. Later we learn that Holmes joined Milverton's family as a maid while he disguised himself. Eventually Holmes goes with Watson to rob Milverton's house. He and Watson are at home when they find out that Milverton is waiting for some new business in his studio (someone with information that Milverton can use). Hiding carefully, Holmes and Watson observe the arrival of a woman, who turns out to be a victim of collateral damage from Milverton's past activities and who shoots the blackmailer to death. Holmes and Watson are able to set fire to Milverton's collection of compromising documents before fleeing the house and subsequently discover (for themselves) the identity of the woman. The police (under Lestrade) do not find out who the two mysterious men are seen escaping from Milverton's house, and they are so disgusted by Milverton's activities (they have never been able to bring anything home against him) that it is obvious that murder will never be resolved. <br /> <br /> The story is not among the fascinating ones with a real investigative work involved as THE ADVENTURE OF THE FASCIA SPECKLED or SILVER BLAZE. It's a story of late moods and actions: is the problem that Holmes and Watson will receive the documents or will they be captured by Milverton? It is not one of the best stories, but it is in most of the stories as if it were really well told and interesting. <br /> <br /> At the time of writing CHARLES AUGUSTUS MILVERTON, Conan Doyle had an experience with police regarding his activities sometimes as a highly respected amateur / crusader detective. An artist was found murdered in his London studio, and Conan Doyle started writing his opinions on how the murder was committed. Then he stopped - apparently warned by his friends at Scotland Yard that the murder had not been laid bare. The victim was a homosexual, and the police were certain that he was a horribly wrong love spasm. For the sake of the victim's family (this was 1905) Doyle dropped his interest in the case. So he was aware of the fact that sometimes the British police acted moderately on matters that didn't seem to justify their complete poll - like the fact that Lestrade was limited to anyone who killed the evil Milverton in history. <br /> <br /> Given the description of the story that could have been told in the normal version of the long series. But the MASTER BLACKMAILER teleplay has spent some time showing the horrible dilemma of Milverton's victims (in Victorian / Edwardian England). We see a promising young aristocratic officer kill himself in front of a homosexual exhibition because of Milverton's extravagant requests, all at the beginning of teleplay. And it's not just homosexuals. Reputable men and women in heterosexual marriages could be smeared by discovering illegitimate children or past indiscreet relationships. In fact, in history, the woman who kills Milverton is avenging the destruction of her husband (an eminent nobleman) destroyed by the blackmailer. <br /> <br /> Milverton is well interpreted by his poisonous blandness from that good actor Robert Hardy, who even when faced with the unexpected furies he has unleashed is totally unperturbed (it seems he will show the angry woman out of the house his in a moment). Brett and Hardwicke do quite well in their roles Holmes and Watson, as expected. <br /> <br /> How serious was the loss of character by voice or insinuations in 1905? In 1898 one of the heroes of the various imperial wars, and the leader of the last victorious charge in the battle of Omdurman that destroyed Mahdist's army (see FOUR FEATHERS), was Sir Hector MacDonald. He was governor of Ceylon in 1903 when he suddenly resigned unexpectedly. Sir Hector returned to London and shot himself in a hotel waiting for some sort of hearing. It later emerged that "Fighting Mac", often considered the most popular army commander in Britain, had been caught making arrangements with the natives. Milverton would have eaten it very quickly ... or he would have his counterpart in real life.
