'Renaissance (2006)' was created for a period of six years, co-financed by France, Luxembourg and the United Kingdom at a cost of around 14 million. The end result is an incredible realization of comic-style animation, aesthetically similar to what Robert Rodriguez and Frank Miller made with 'Sin City (2005)', but this film used motion capture with live actors to translate their faces and movements in a fully animated format. Presented in black and white, the film looks as if it had been raised from the pages of the graphic novel on which it was based, and the futuristic city of Paris looms ominously above us. Directed by the French director Christian Volckman, in his debut feature "Renaissance" is significantly inspired by other films in the sci-fi genre, and the tech-noir storyline is not something we have never seen before, but from a point of view technical, it is impeccable. <br /> <br /> The year is 2054. The city of Paris is a dilapidated metropolis full of dark alleys and deserted paths, the recent installation of modern technology is limited to offering a thin mask to the most miserable degradation of buildings blacked out. The largest company in the city, Avalon, has achieved wealth by offering citizens the promise of beauty and youth, and the company's research department is constantly busy inventing more means to eliminate the aging process. Ilona Tasuiev (dubbed by Romola Garai in the English version, which I saw), a brilliant young scientist, is mysteriously abducted on her return from work, and so falls under the legendary detective Barthélémy Karas (Daniel Craig) to find out her current fate . Possibly the key to the woman's disappearance is Bislane (Catherine McCormack), Ilona's hardened elder sister, whose reliability is in question, and Jonas Muller (Ian Holm), the dedicated doctor who adored Ilona as his daughter. <br /> <br /> The dismal, dimly lit city of Paris is reminiscent of Ridley Scott's "Blade Runner (1982)" and some of the technologies seem to have been borrowed from Tom Cruise in "Minority Report (2002)" {which was, by coincidence, established also in the year 2054}. However, despite this familiarity, Volckman has created an exciting world for his characters. Mixing classic-noir film and science fiction, the result is a captivating collage of harsh lights and dark shadows, which, I should feel, sometimes becomes difficult in the eyes of the viewer. The dialogue is a bit trivial at times, and the story, however captivating, offers nothing surprisingly original (except for the finale, which I thought was a bold turn in the usual formula}, but "Renaissance" is intended to work better as a visual pleasure, and that succeeds in this regard cannot be denied.
