Aiming the sequence of the credits is a dark man who has a strange nightmare all too real. Closed in her dystopian 2054 Paris, the film begins to follow a woman in a ramshackle club, where she and a Slavic bartender gather on the bridge. They throw exclamations at each other in the sense that she owes him more money, even though she thinks she paid for everything. Another woman obstructs budding violence, only to have a bitter fight with the woman herself. The initial woman goes wild and is kidnapped. Christian Volckman's Renaissance seems to be another in an assembly line of recent animated science fiction noir films capturing the movement, but despite the fact that it is substantially true, it tells a story of ordered detective, classically detangling that keeps us in the dark in his opening minutes, even as he introduces Karas, the hard-boiled cop recognizes from the beginning as the man who wakes up from a terrible dream. <br /> <br /> The rudiments of the classic film noir are all affected without anachronistic changes, to all effects. It is in the harshness of his monochrome that Volckman's French thriller did not follow any example. For the animators of the film, free from the challenges of physical lighting they normally had to face, they were able to start with a completely black frame and apply an absolute tone according to the action on the screen. While they scrupulously mimic the effects of real light sources throughout the frame, the distinction between black and white here is complete without any slight nuance of gray to tone the less defined moral codes of the characters, and the result is a harsh and critical view of the management in which commercial civilization is going, sporadically caused to suffer the most glaring and ruthless illumination. It is the artistic study of film noir brought to the visual limit of his philosophy, and nothing before has ever shared the same execution of this visual concept. <br /> <br /> All the characters in this decent cyberpunk movie seem to have come out with a pure gothic comic in black ink, but all together their physical responses, their movements and the nuances of their facial expressions appear on the ground within a clear humanity. Normally, films that experience new developments in animation allow their technical advances to overcome all other aspects of production. Sin City, for example, has left the substance and the general adaptation of the good screen from its source material to be desired. <br /> <br /> It might not be amazing, it could have its narrative conventions and the cast of its voiceover could simply be adequate, but the Renaissance, made for 19 million dollars in six years, not only looks like a true noir instead of a rash appropriation, but it is not secondary to all visual innovations, which are interpreted as if they were random. We start thinking not so much about how beautiful it is when Karas is evading bullets fired through a crowded Parisian glass street, but more about his deliberate life and death, about how life's tragedies, like death, make life meaningful .
