Every second of the film is wonderful. And that is why he earns a 7, because the plot is not particularly devious, and in retrospect in the last 90 minutes I never felt any excitement or investment in the characters. If anything, the graphics and luxury framing have made some scenes (the pursuit of the car, for example) more pedestrian than they should be - not that they are not beautiful and have a very original design and, occasionally, new angles of shooting - but the kinetic movement and the close-up shots that are part of the language for any normal / thriller action are missing. The first hour walks and the dialogue feels very modified and a bit theatrical: people expect each other to finish and do not always react in a natural rhythm, which would be a problem in recording the dialogues of each individual separately. On rare occasions the emotions in the voices do not correspond exactly to those on the screen; something that should really be avoided. The futuristic architecture is very attractive (lots of glass walls / ceilings / screens, lovely smoke / mirage / special effects) and nice looking machines, but again - it's more a graphic design exercise, with no impact real about history. I would say that the main point of using drawn animation (rather than actors / CGI) is to really push the limits of imagination and design; do what is too difficult / impractical in other media. Although the animation in Renaissance is certainly extraordinary and incredibly well done, I never felt like I was seeing something that has never been done before. <br /> <br /> Immortel, another French CGI film, also suffers from an imbalance of beauty over history and rhythm. To be honest, some wonderful and engaging French films also have a languid rhythm, and the persistent shots of the look in someone's eyes or the rain on the cobblestones of Paris can evoke great emotions - but the animators must understand that while the animation brings points of unique strength, it also has weaknesses compared to the real life technique. Perhaps it would break with the rules of the "noir" that the film wants to follow, but I think that even the directors have lost a sensational opportunity to explore their future society a little more: the social strata, the fascist grip of corporations, etc. . . <br /> <br /> I have no problem recommending the Renaissance to all those who love stylistic design and / or animation (especially 'Manga' fans), but I wouldn't want my other amateur friends of movies sat us. Take away the sumptuous images and it is a film barely average.
