Imagine the classic noir textures infused with hyper-stylized black and white images of Frank City's Sin City. Then imagine a sci-fi and dystopian thriller, like Steven Spielberg's Minority Report or Richard Linklater's A Scanner Darkly. An amalgamation of the above would be a suitable way to describe the gloomy and atmospheric vision of the future of the French director Christian Volckman in his film debut. But even if Volckman's work unquestionably takes reference to the films mentioned above and to those similar to them, such a simplistic hybrid does not revive, the final result of Volckman, justice - the film itself is a much more complex work than that. > <br /> Hybridization of gender is usually a bargain not to be missed, especially in a contemporary context, with the well-being of individuality that seems to be increasingly exhausted. As such, the Renaissance is commendable as a cinematic experiment at least, with its singular intertwining of the gritty nihilism of the neo-noir thriller and the fantastic allegorical terror of the dystopian sci-fi film, which serve to compliment each other in the narrative conventions in a strangely appropriate way. The script is clever and intriguing (although one has the feeling that many of the lines in the script would have been much more effective in their original French than the English translation - the film's title also becomes much more moving) managing to stay one step ahead of the his audience all the way. Although many elements of the plot seem quite familiar to those attending such science fiction thrillers, the script generates unexpected twists and at the right time to keep the viewer on tiptoe, creating a truly compelling job. <Br /> <br /> The film by Volckman really excels in its visual component, and the extraordinary black and white animation is easily the highlight of the film - superbly moody and elegant, it goes to show what extraordinary aesthetic effect can have the simple use of two shades. With enormous detail for the composition and appearance of each shot, and the superb use of noir shadows and intriguing angles to accentuate the emotional tension of the scene, the film appears directly from a comic strip by Frank Miller, but with a twist, the end result being constantly visually sumptuous. <br /> <br /> Also the English rendering of the film was added thanks to its range of very suitable vocal casting. The grim voice of Daniel Craig is an absolutely perfect casting for the dark and stoic cop Karas, and Catherine McCormack is a strong presence like the mysterious woman whose sister she is investigating disappears. Despite a hesitant English accent, Romola Garai does a great job as the frantic sister in question, and Jonathan Pryce is appropriately threatening as the shady head of the threatening Avalon corporation. Ian Holm's high-pitched voice is also a strong choice as a mysterious scientist, and Holm has a strong impression in his short scenes. <br /> <br /> All along, Renaissance boasts a visually stunning, unique and compelling futuristic thriller, just as clever as it is fun. Although the plot may seem familiar to those attending such dishes and the occasional weak line may prevent the film from being the moody masterpiece it has set for itself, the superb animation itself easily takes the film through its occasional scruples. For fans of both intertwined genres of the film or the gritty graphic novels by Frank Miller, or for those willing to appreciate a cleverly manipulated, slightly less conventional version of the futuristic thriller, the film is undoubtedly worthy of attention. <br /> <br /> - 8/10
