One of the reasons why Pixar has lived so well and has been so successful is that while their films remain technical marvels and visual mosaics, they have a story that fits their style. And often a very moving style: fascinating, fascinating and generational. The fact that Anime (speaking in general terms) and many other animations are unable to combine their technical virtuosity with the real substance is, I think (and I could be wrong) partly because both producers are not bothered by the character and plot and concentrate too much on sound and image, or the enormous effort that leads to some animations is so huge, so unnerving that they don't have the energy to create a truly engaging story. <br /> <br /> The same cannot be said of the Renaissance. There are flaws in the plot, but we'll get to that later. Those same faults, however, are not reflected in the images: the Renaissance is nothing short of stunning. The high-contrast images (sometimes so high-contrast that they are nothing but a face or a ray of visible light) and incredible details are always impressive, always a joy to see. The futuristic Paris on show is the sad progeny of Blade Runner and Brave New World; dark, murky, quite rich and even clean, but surrounded by intrigues, corporate embezzlement, obsessed with beauty (after all the capital of the catwalk) and masking the squalor and neglect of its labyrinthine passages with a veneer of monumental and sophisticated architecture . br /> <br /> It is a compelling environment, not entirely original, but grandiose all the same. The highly regarded technology of the film's "motion capture" and the incredible attention to human and design minutiae result in images for which a black and white photographer would die. Not that the detail prevents entertainment, because Christian Volckman creates fantastic action sequences: a chase for skin care, a couple of gruesome murders (imaginative) murders, several fights in the dark and an unpleasant dust in an apartment gloomy. The locations are also fantastic (I want to visit the disco). While the main character of Karas is the usual nonconformist policeman, the other two female characters (who are sisters) are the real engines of the film. Coming from war-torn Eastern Europe, the products of a war, of the diaspora and of a spitting family, are a convincing metaphor for Europe as a whole. <br /> <br /> The film is tremendously atmospheric, its vertiginous and dizzying fake - camera shots and adult tone make the experience very engaging. However, the plot ... It never becomes more interesting than the initial hook, in which the indefatigable plod Karas must find Ilona Tasuiev, a pioneering and wonderful scientist, after she was torn from the street. The left-wing Avalon corporation (ANY corporation is never left?), For which she worked for "classified", the projects are decided for her recovery, and soon Karas is up to his neck in official reproaches, corpses, smoke cigarettes and missed bullets , and fall in love with Ilona's sister, Bislane (very affectionately voiced by Catherine McCormack), while plumbing the bottom of the sordid belly of the city (and its past). <br /> <br /> Text -book noir, in other words, but while I liked the film much more than Sin City (to which it brings a passing visual similarity), the plot and the resolution are boring, the theme of the immortality is raised but never examined, and the tricks of Avalon's CEO of avalon, Paul Dellenbach, are also boring, with a noticeable cut in dramatic tension. The basic ideas are familiar sci-fi materials, and there is an annoying sense that the graphics and atmosphere are disguising the trivial material. <br /> <br /> However, the film as a whole is lucid and perfectly consistent, although some of the scenarios in which the characters occasionally enter seem like excuses for performances of technical magic. But it is the projection of life in Paris around 2054, the vision of the community and the creation of another city from scratch that makes this film something to look at. I could take it too seriously, and if so I can at least say that it is done superbly, extremely funny (and also quite mature), and with an environment like no other.
