It is absolutely useless to evaluate this film. It is as if you condemned (or praised) the newborn for his future life. Instead, consider it as a powerful meditation on what could have been and what has been for the last 100 years. One hundred and eighty years of cinematography: what happened to the child? I like to reflect on what could happen (creatively) if Europe had not been interrupted (devastated) twice by the great wars of the 20th century. On its ruins stood the false neon castle of the non-creative and reactionary circus named Hollywood. Before 1914, French, Italian and Scandinavian cinemas were at the forefront both financially and, of course, creatively. The French film in particular was already creating some very original and creative paths that could (if not interrupted) alter the history of the medium in unimaginable ways. One wonders what the film's story would be today if it were not exhausted and suffocated by the political and economic agenda of the more than 80 years of Hollywood, that Chekhov could define the stench of greed and prostitution ... could, at least, take consciousness of La Sortie as a key (or at least one of them) for the "Kingdom". This was the birthplace of cinema: Lumiere Brothers Factory, Lyon, France The date: March 19, 1895 (there is also a reel replica in the summer of 1895, so if you notice the summer lights and the lighter clothes of the workers: that was the version shown for VERY FIRST PEOPLE WHO HAVE NEVER SEEN THE IMAGES IN MOVEMENT. * Louis Lumiere: creative ideas, cinematography, direction was the domain of all Louis because Auguste took care of the rest (money). * The first films were all of fifty seconds: the camera (= the Cinematograph) and the cameramen (the director of photography) have only fifty petty seconds to make things happen! * Apparently Le Institute Lumiere managed to preserve about 1500 of these first films performed mostly from an industrious Loumiere brigade that traveled with filmmakers across the globe. *** So, all the stars in the starry skies and a minute of silence for perhaps the most magical invention in Human history (so far).
