The story goes that on December 28, 1895, a small group of thirty-three people gathered at the Salon Indien Du Grand Café in Paris to attend the Cinématographe, an apparently new invention derived from the work done by a couple of photographers named August and Louis Lumière. The small audience gathered that day (some by invitation, more out of curiosity) didn't really know what to expect from the show, and when a stationary photograph appeared projected onto a screen, most thought that the Cinématographe was just another fantasy designed for present slide show screenings. Until the photograph started moving. What these thirty-three people felt with admiration on that cold December day was the first public screening of a moving film projected on a screen; the story was written and the cinema as we know it was born that day. <br /> <br /> Of the 10 short films that were shown on that historic day, "La Sortie Des Usines Lumière" (literally "Leaving the Lumière factory" ") was the first to be screened. The film shows the numerous workers from the Lumière factory as they pass through the factory gates, leaving the building at the end of a hard day's work, while a current affair (a film that describes a real event) is very simple, the film took everyone by surprise viewers, as their concept of moving images was limited to the Edison "Peep Show" machines (the Kinetoscope), the invention of the brothers was like nothing they had seen before and so the public remained in awe, while the people and horses they moved across the screen. The idea was not entirely new (Le Prince made the first film as early as 1888), but the way of showing the film was simply revolutionary. <br /> <br /> "La Sortie Des Usines Lumière " it would become the first in the long series of "topical films" that the Lumière would produce over the years. This primitive form of documentary was the type of film preferred by the brothers because they were more interested in the technological aspects of their invention than in the uses that the Cinématographe could have. Despite the initial lack of enthusiasm, after the first performance the Cinématographe became a great success and "La Sortie Des Usines Lumière" quickly became the iconic image of that first projection. It was certainly not the first film shot by the brothers that year, and it was probably not the best of the 10 films shown that day (I personally think "L 'Arroseur Arrosé" was the best of the 10); however, it is really significant that the first film was the opening of a couple of doors, since this film literally opened its doors to the cinema as we know it. 8/10
