I just came back from the cinema late at night and it was really a silent way out as most of the audience was meditating with black and white images of the partition, the freedom movement, etc. What our ancestors so much remembered lives! In this context, mind you, there was no tel / fax / internet in those days, but for the same voice as Truth & Non-violence, cinematography infused a spirit of harsh reality of adversity in the middle of the narrow Raj. <br /> <Gandhi introduced himself as a hard-working lawyer in South Africa, who supported his basic ideologies and gave every degree of conviction to spread the awareness of it with humility and holiness that was shown to the speech given by General Smut as a Goodbye He had the best speech written with subtle humor and a veiled threat to the British raj in India! There was a beautiful observation when he said that we pray silently to the British in India now that Gandhi, the politician, is ready for India (towards holiness). <br /> <br /> The background of a large family with many children needs to mention an obvious divided attention and love that had to cast the spell on the unfortunate psyche of the child who was left alone to aspire for ambitions not realistic. Little Harilal knew about her attitude and emotionally moved with small pleasures in life and failed in front of her father's enormous idol. Try to get away from the mentor ship that is the basis of any success that had to be seen by those lucky neighbors in the streets of Gandhi's residence when Harilal vents his frustration in the open. This means that he becomes mentally weak and is psychologically deranged from being forced into religious conversions and alcoholism, with debt and disobedience fueling his negative thoughts. He had still shown his sincere love for his mother through touching scenes and even Gandhi's humble expressions form Harilal to forgive him, he didn't encounter any conclusions in his mind as he always feared the Father, Gandhi. <br /> <br /> could not digest the fact that Gandhi could not share his love with him as he expected and was driven to rebel when he failed to understand the delivery based on the equal merit of the scholarship money from his father to his cousin where he saw a failed opportunity to study for a lawyer in England. <br /> <br /> This had to take his toll in him thrown into the street as a beggar when the whole of India was celebrating Independence! The life of a poor man never changes, but the way in which the sad death of Kasturba and Gandhi is shown leads to an emotional silence. Finally, the last turbulent thoughts of the dying Harilal are shown as a flashback to keep the public fascinated and to wonder where he ended up the nation's father goes wrong? he was smart enough to be mentally strong to lead an army of a man and use his brave soldier-son as a weapon to show British forces and rivals that when it comes to the nation's interest, there is nothing in between. although to read the heart of a Mahatma one must live outside his family and see which emotionally naive harilal cannot see inside .... <br /> <br /> Too bad these naive arilists are still ruining the efforts of many fathers similar to Mahatma in many families in today's life and have taken drugs, alcoholism and God knows what thoughts !! Here is a message for all those brave sainik (soldier) -sons please respect the father of the nation! Please obey and happiness must be granted or is it a disaster in the wait, isn't it?
