It was easy for Sir Richard Attenborough to realize Gandhi (1982) - he was simply telling the story of a great individual who walked on this planet not long ago. Comparatively, it must have been much more difficult for director Feroz Abbas Khan to make his directorial debut to make Gandhi my father, putting a withered antihero against an international hero, both historically real people, and ironically father and son. The events in the film are mostly real. Mahatma Gandhi lived as shown in the film, establishing high moral standards for the world to follow. Yet these same standards obscured the aspirations of eldest son Harilal to be a reputed lawyer like his father, to complete his education and get a job in India and thus provide an income for his nuclear family. <br /> <br /> the film does not dismantle the Gandhi and its ideals. For Gandhi, his mission was greater than his family's aspirations. He loved his family and cared for them, even though his thoughts about their appeasement were obscured by his ideal of caring for the masses. He advocated the equality and dignity of all people and, in his opinion, offered special unfair advantages to his son who neglected other deserving people against the basis of what he preached. The film examines an unusual case of parenting in which an idealistic parent places the elusive poles in a non-brilliant progeny. <br /> <br /> The film presents an unusual scenario that has happened. A son marries his childhood love, upsetting his father. The father upsets his son's educational aspirations at different key moments. The fragile bond between a devoted son and a father breaks, as the son wants to stand up and take care of his nuclear family. While the father gradually becomes the father of a nation, the son stumbles on a valiant search for identity and survival. His marriage is broken and he seeks comfort in religion, between Islam and Hinduism. Through all his tribulations his bond with his mother remains, until he reproaches him for being drunk. <br /> <br /> Feroz Khan is essentially a director of comedies who make his foray into cinema. He wrote and directed the show Mahatma Vs. Gandhi who had a significant impact on the Indian theater community. The next comedy and film were based on two biographies, one by Chandulal Dalal and the other by Nilamben Parekh. The success of the play was an obvious reason for Bollywood commercial actor Anil Kapoor to produce this remarkable film. Whenever a good director of plays tries to direct the cinema, there is a proof of lack of trust with the medium. Peter Brook is a great director of plays, but less competent as a director. The initial shots of Khan's film promise a great cinema. A Harilal Gandhi wreck is taken to Zion Hospital in Bombay (Mumbai), barely whispering that his father is Bapu (the popular name of Mahatma Gandhi), father of an entire nation. The hospital authorities do not recognize him as the firstborn of Mahatma Gandhi, who dies in poverty and loneliness. Apart from the dramatic opening, the film unfortunately simply presents a great story and some superb external shots of father and son meditating in silhouette. For an Indian film, it features some high production qualities that go hand in hand with a lack of interest in detail (most Indians' clothes in the film seem to be dust free and freshly laundered, modern hairstyles of actors, and even Shefali Shetty who plays Mohandas Gandhi's wife a century ago with plucked eyebrows), the ruin of Indian cinema. Since Feroz Khan is a theatrical personality, he has invested much more effort in working with actors in character development rather than film details, much like Sir Attenborough, another person who is also a theater product (Royal Academy of Dramatic Arts). <br /> <br /> Knowing well that criticizing Gandhi was somehow asking for trouble, even when there was no direct criticism in the film, producer Anil Kapoor made an extraordinary decision not to put the movie posters to heights accessible in India, fearing that someone could rip the poster or disrespect it intentionally or unintentionally. <br /> <br /> With all its mix of grandeur and flaws, Gandhi, my father asks several questions to the viewer. Is the bond between mother and child stronger than a parent-child bond? Is a person's immediate family less important than humanity in general? Do you seek refuge in religion and alcohol only when you encounter worldly problems? In this film, Harilal plagued by adversity runs from one religion to another, while his father cites the scriptures "Forgive them for not knowing what they do" when they are beaten and thrown to the ground by a South African policeman, convinced of the value of religion and convince the others too. <br /> <br /> The film won the Best Actress award at the Tokyo International Film Festival for Shefali Shetty (Shah) and an Indian critics award. Feroze Khan and Anil Kapoor managed a delicate subject very well and aroused above-average performances by the ensemble of actors. I hope that the international success of the film will pave the way for a director capable of filming another brilliant Indian game, Girish Karnad's Tughlaq, which one day meets international quality standards.
