Tales from the Crypt: And the whole house starts on Christmas Eve while Elizabeth (Mary Ellen Trainor) kills her husband Joseph (Marshall Bell), drags her body out ready to knock him down a well, but while doing so missing a piece of news important radio news bulletin that says a homicidal maniac (Larry Drake) dressed as Santa has escaped from a local madhouse and has already killed several women with Elizabeth on his list but has other ideas and tries to turn the seemingly dangerous situation into his advantage ... <br /> <br /> This story from Tales from the Crypt was season 2's episode 2, directed by one of the show's regular executive producers Robert Zemeckis and All Through the House is a pretty decent watch . Fred Dekker's script was actually based on a story that appears in the comic strip "The Vault of Horror" and was originally adapted to the film as an episode of Britsih's anthology film Tales from the Crypt (1972), with Joan Collins as killer wife character here played by Ellen Trainor. This particular version is quite good but does nothing different or special and is a little too linear and predictable to be considered a classic. Only 25 minutes long certainly moves at a good pace, the plot is quite gruesome and generally offers decent entertainment and I really enjoyed the unexpected ending. This time there are the opening and closing segments of Crypt Keeper (John Kassir) with a Christmas theme complete with the usual word games. <br /> <br /> Director Zemeckis does a good job and there is also a nice winter atmosphere with a hint of Christmas influence. There's not a lot of blood here, someone has a poker stuck in their heads, someone's face is cut with an icicle, someone's arm is cut with an ax and there's a crash of blood but in general it's not that graphic. The acting of a small cast is pretty good. <br /> <br /> And All Through the House is not the best story in the crypt, but it's still a decent movie, worthy of a watch but after the story of the comic and the original version of the 1972 film we needed it or wanted really?
