Gandhi Mio Padre by Feroz Abbas Khan, a film that sheds light on the fragmented relationship between the Mahatma and his son Harilal Gandhi. For a story as dramatic as the one this film tries to tell, it's a shame that the director doesn't say it dramatically. Gandhi My Father is told of you like that boring history lesson that put you to sleep at school. Now the film aims to convey a very interesting point - the fact that Gandhi in his attempt to be a right person, ended up being an unjust father. This point is made many times in the film, and one of the examples given to clarify this point is the scholarship for England, which Gandhi twice denies his son. Instead of showing us exactly how Harilal faced this betrayal and what happened in his head, the director simply moves along with the story, so he never lets us witness the growing resentment Harilal feels towards his father. That's why when we finally see an outburst from Harilal, he looks like he's overreacting. <br /> <br /> The point I am trying to make here is that we will never understand exactly why Harilal became the rebel he did. We never really understand why he turned to Islam and then again to Hinduism. The fact is that we never really understand the Harilal. And this is because the director of this film is too busy focusing on Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi and his role in the struggle for freedom, a story with which many of us are already familiar. To put it simply, Gandhi My Father promises to examine the tense father-son relationship, but it does not show us where the cracks in this relationship are. We understand that Harilal had to live with the burden of being a Gandhi son, but show us why it was a burden to begin with. Show us episodes of their first conflict. For example, it is not enough for Gandhi to limit himself to saying that he is against Harilal's precocious marriage, tell us why this opposition? It is not enough that Kasturba blames her husband for the way his son came out, for continually bringing him from a school in Gujarat and South Africa, to make him move whenever Gandhi needed to move. Words are not enough, show us how these episodes have shaped the character of Harilal Gandhi. Furthermore, instead of sticking to the thorny theme of this tenuous relationship between Gandhi and Gandhi, the film moves on too many bribes, thus diluting the impact of the central theme. This has never been a film about the struggle for independence, yet on many occasions it is exactly what it seems, because the director feels almost obliged to take us through all the main events that lead to that historical moment, even if not much has no relevance to the film's basic premises - the stormy father-son relationship. So you see that the problem with this film is not that it's a bad movie, but it's definitely a very confusing film. What happens to the sons of Harilal after the death of his wife? Have you ever had an affair with them? Where do they suddenly disappear after that scene in which we see them with the Mahatma and Kasturba? None of these questions have been answered in a film that is basically intended as relating to relations in the Gandhi family. The film version of an immensely popular opera, directed by Feroz Abbas Khan himself, Gandhi My Father is a disappointment, without questions. Cystically, he strives to translate the ambitious purpose of the director onto the screen. Virtually every single scene in the film opens and closes with fade-in and fade-out, without ever starting perfectly into one another. On the positive side, there is an inherent nobility in the film, which you recognize. The director makes every effort to offer a balanced narrative, trying not to take a position, never to judge father or son, not painting or the bad. What the film does, however, clarifies the fact that Gandhi was a difficult patriarch whose ideals could have forged the nation, but evidently alienated his family. Of all the actors in the film, only Akshaye Khanna really shines in the role of the unfortunate Harilal Gandhi. It's a wonderful performance, and it's not easy since the role covers practically the entire life of the character. But Akshaye brings a rare mixture of innocence and discouragement to that part and manages to make Harilal a pitiful figure. Look at him only in that scene where he discovers that his wife is dead and you will realize how much he transmits through body language alone. Darshan Jariwala, meanwhile, playing Gandhi Senior, takes a caricatural approach to interpreting the Mahatma in his later years, but it is the way he humanizes the man in his early years as a lawyer in South Africa, which is the best contribution of the actor to that role. Shefali Shah, with such talent, plays Kasturba, the woman who is destined to be fought in this father-son conflict, but if she can't feel that helplessness, then it's not so much her fault how much a script is to blame shaky. Much effort has been made to make this film and it is evident throughout the film, but the film suffers from that inevitable flaw that will eventually remember this when you leave the cinema - it's so boring. Feroz Abbas Khan Gandhi's director My Father is a sincere effort, but also a film he could have made with a much narrower script. What we learn from the film is that Gandhi and Harilal have become very unhappy. And with this film, the director is making us too.
