We have been watching movies about Gandhi for a long time. And above all, the light is always in the portrait of Gandhi as a freedom fighter or a man with principles. But when I heard that a film was made that would highlight Gandhi as a Father and emphasize his relationship with his Son, he immediately caught my attention as this is a territory that has been explored less since it has its dark and less people showed the courage to dwell on Fortunately, Anil Kapoor (Producer) and Feroz Abbad Khan (Director) did it. <br /> <br /> The story begins with Gandhi working in South Africa and his relationship with the whites and his wife. Latter Akshay (Harilal) joined his father to become a lawyer, but his dream overturned when his father (Gandhi) pushed (or motivated) him to become a freedom fighter. It shows that Gandhi believes more in practical study than in formal education. Harilal also tries to walk on his father's step, but soon fails because his infatuation with his wife, his children and his dream of becoming a great success alter his path and then begin the repulsion between son and father. Eventually he defeated his father in terms of pursuing his dream and leaving him on his terms. He wrote again in India, but then he starts his unsuccessful stories that get bigger with time. I leave the reader to see the film to capture more stories ... <br /> <br /> Performance. First Akshay. He has given the best interpretation of his position so far and is absolutely convincing in his interpretation of Harilal Gandhi. The scene where he reaches the room where his late wife is located is one in which you can see a good actor hidden / developed in Akshay. Darshan jariwala is also as good as MK Gandhi and able to live such a great character in his life. He performed well and with some ease. Shefali Chaya (Now Shah) as Kasturba is a brilliant actress and has already shown her metal in TV serials. Bhumika chawla also played well, but the actress of her candidacy is wasted on this type of role. The other actor also justifies their performances. <br /> <br /> The technique and the makeup are also good and the cinematography, in particular, that the photo with Duo color tone was too good. The costume appears and matches the context. <br /> <br /> Overall, a movie that is worth seeing slowly and swagger may seem boring, but it gives you an idea of ​​an area that has not been brought to screen until date. Furthermore, the way the story progresses and the connection of the scene may seem worn out for some people and for critics, but above all for a movie watcher like me, it's still enough to get me occupied on my seat until the end.
