I've been waiting for a superhero movie like this for a long time. "Mystery Men" takes its place among the classic TV comic parodies like "Batman" and "Captain Nice" and cartoons like "Underdog" and "Super Chicken". The same spirit lives in all of them: the playful and ironic tone; the courage to aim for the heroic in life at the risk of seeming ridiculous; the unsafe way these characters manage to prevail over their opponents. It is the bizarre spark of nobility that lights up in the weak and in the ordinary, and it is wonderful to see it shine so high and bright here. <br /> <br /> "Mystery Men" opens on a party in a nursing home. I wish Kinka Usher had the good sense to give more energy and life to the elderly in the scene. As it stands, it looks like something that George Romero could have devised. We must feel that these old people are as strong as anyone else, or that they feel paternalistic. When the Red Eyes crash the festivities, you expect Tom Waits to play an inventor of weapons with a penchant for 80-year-old ladies and get up and shout: "Just what you need at this party - a little of excitement! " If the writer Neil Cuthbert had made sense, he would have had Waits mixing it with the intruders and inviting the participants to do the same. It would have been a stimulating beginning and a better introduction to the problematic trio: the Mestolone (William Macy); the Blue Raja (Hank Azaria); and Mr. Furious (Ben Stiller), who seem to come out of nowhere to save the day. <br /> <br /> There are many other problems with "Mystery Men" than it can import; among these, the evil Casanova Frankenstein needs to have cultivated a sense of the absurd like the rest of the people in this film, and he does not. Geoffrey Rush is the wrong actor for the part; it needs to be above the lines to make the conflict between good and evil galvanic. And Rush has never exhibited a talent for the future. You are hoping for the theatrical freshman of a John Lithgow in "The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai" or the dry and casual distrust of a Paul Freeman in "Raiders of the Lost Ark". Instead what we get is pastiche; something half cooked and not fully realized. <br /> <br /> There are too many ideas going through "Mystery Men" for anyone who ties perfectly together, and this could be his deepest problem. But any kind of disorder is the kind of disaster I love. Ben Stiller has always seemed to be wavering in the roles he takes. This is no exception, but it does so with such conviction that you come away feeling that you have learned something about the comedy growing up in a family run by Jerry Stiller and Anne Meara. His Roy is related to all the overly sensitive, chronically defensive put-on types that Woody Allen popularized. And if he makes his way through the affections of the maid in his favorite haunt (the elegant Claire Forslani), or questions the wisdom of a fellow superhero (Wes Studi as the Sphinx), or gives a new member of their group "d 'élite' (Jeaneane Garofalo in what are perhaps his most amusing moments on the screen) is a difficult moment, making it always fun to watch. I couldn't really say this about him in "There's something about Mary". Jeaneane Garofalo shows with this performance that she should have been the star of "One True Thing", not by Renee Zellweger. I don't think I've ever seen more fun exchanges between a daughter and a father (okay, so he died and his skull is in a bowling ball, so call me) in the movies. And the fun part of this role is that it looks like a huge take on Emily Watson's talk with God in "Breaking the Waves". And in this version, the girl doesn't die, and the bells don't ring in your head. <br /> <br /> William H. Macy does something very difficult; makes magnetic stolid. You immediately understand what attracted Jenifer Lewis's Lucille to Eddie. You can also understand his exasperation. The barbecue alone would be enough to push me over the edge, but when Eddie's adorable half-blood son looks at his father and says "I believe in you, Dad". to which Lucille sighs and exclaims: "Roland, do not encourage your father", you want to stand up and call Neil Cuthbert as a spirit of the first order. <br /> <br /> With Hank Azaria (whose only moment of note in the film up until this point was his background in "The Birdcage") and Louise Lasser (It's been more than two decades since we took note her in "Bananas" and "Mary Hartman, Mary Hartman?") as a son and mother who share a passion for silverware; Greg Kinnear as Captain Amazing and Ricky Jay as his publicist; Kel Mitchell as "Invisible Boy"; Paul Reubens as "The Spleen;" and Lena Olin who, if she didn't have the few lines in this film that she has, would seem to be visiting the set.
