I saw this movie the day it was released last year. Hilarious I thought. Well, now it's on video and I've seen it again. I love this movie! The things they do are sometimes stupid, but this is what makes my third favorite movie of all time. The special effects are in place, but the witty dialogue will get you rolling. I'm the kind of person who will say I'm inspired by this movie, so if you like drama and other things, avoid it. But for everyone else, have fun! The acting is superb. Hank Azaria is undoubtedly the best (he is neither a communist nor a fruit) followed by Ben Stiller (uh, do not correct me it hurts) and then William H. Macy who offers his best performance (overcoming fargo) Everyone has I praised all, from Macy's to Garafalo, but I think Kel Mitchell was as good as Invisible Boy. Two problems: the most boring part of the film is the subplot of the love story between Stiller and Claire Forlani and the Casanova hearing. Some scenes absolutely do not advance the story in any way, but they are an explosion. Kinka and especially writers tend to drag on a scene until all its hilarity is gone, but bam they exchange and you're ready for more. I swear that after seeing this, you will be tired of the explosive climax (which I think was pretty good). The camera is also beautiful, moving at a furious pace with the actors. Moreover, Tom Waits offers an exceptional performance (he has a certain sense of coldness as a bad hero for him) and, as someone else said, the best parts are when the characters show them a certain humanity. Captain Amazing is pretty funny, (especially his speech at Casanova on his perfect plan - I was shooting) and the race is pretty good as Casanova. A beef: the funniest comedian ever (eddie izzard) is almost wasted, but his heart is in the right place. So, all in all, a wonderful film. I give him twenty stars and I hope that one day everyone will see the splendor in the best parody of the film, the six million dollar man. Laughing now while I think about it. 20/10
