Director Kinka Usher remains true to his belief, "Play and laugh", and with the help of a superb cast he has created what should become the cult movie of all time, "Mystery Men". When a wicked villain, Casanova Frankenstein (Geoffrey Rush) is released from a mental institution, he captures the local superhero, Captain Amazing (Greg Kinnear), and threatens to conquer Champion City, three aspiring superheroes, Mr. Furious (Ben Stiller), Il Shoveler (William H. Macy) and the Blue Raja (Hank Azaria) come to the rescue. Frankenstein has been joined by a myriad of scum assortments of the underworld, however, and has become a formidable opponent. The trio realizes that help is needed and decides to recruit; what they end up is none other than the most unforgettable team of "superheroes" ever assembled in the history of cinema. Mr. Furious has his anger; The shovel, his shovel; The Blue Raja casts silverware (mainly forks, and the occasional spoon, but never a knife); the Invisible Boy (Kel Mitchell) can become invisible until no one is watching; the Sphinx (Wes Studi), a heavy hitter from the south, is very mysterious and can break weapons in his mind. Could be; the Bowler (Janeane Garofalo) can throw a ball with deadly precision; and The Spleen (Paul Reubens) wields flatulence that can paralyze an entire room. This is a brilliant ensemble piece that carries laughter without ever becoming condescending or patronizing to the public, while playing straight at all times. The dialogue is witty and the performances of Stiller, Macy, Azaria and Garofalo are exemplary. There is a series of memorable, hilarious scenes, in particular the one where they organize a pool party and a barbecue to recruit and conduct interviews with an amazing meeting of candidates; and another, in a bar, when the Bowler had a conversation with his long-dead father, whose skull was implanted in his bowling ball. The most fun of all, however, must be when the team actually tries to save Captain Amazing. But these are just examples, as the entire film is composed of one hilarious scene after another, intertwined with subtle humor that will make you laugh and think long. The real secret to his success, though, is that Usher keeps everything real; the relationships between the characters are true, and the whole concept of being a 'Superhero' is interpreted as entirely reasonable, which somehow gives a sense of credibility to the whole process. In this world, Mr. Furious's aspirations and the rest are sustainable, and Usher keeps the laughter coming without ever resorting to slapstick or mere gag. The solid supporting cast includes Lena Olin (Dr. Annabel Leek), Eddie Izzard (Tony P.), Tom Waits (Doc Heller), Claire Forlani (Monica), Louise Lasser (Blue Raja's mother), Jenifer Lewis (Lucille ) and Pras (Tony C.). `Mystery Men 'is a truly inspired film that can be seen over and over again, with a new little laugh to have with every vision, guaranteed. In the immortal words of the Sphinx, `We are the number one! All others are the number two, or lower. Is it an Oscar movie? difficult; but for a good time and lots of laughter, give yourself this masterpiece of comedy; it's the real deal and you won't regret it. I consider this 10/10.
