I saw "Mystery Men" on my birthday in 1999 while I was on vacation. When I got home, I went to see him again. Keep in mind, I was twelve, but at the time it was the best movie ever. I even collected ultra-rare action figures (I have them all except for the Bowler, which is the hardest to find. They did Mr. Furious, The Shoveler, The Blue Raja, The Milza and Captain Amazing, in case you're wondering There is an existing action figure of William H. Macy existing!). I've seen it many times over the years and it remains one of my favorites, especially for the good childhood memories. It's not a perfect movie, but it certainly deserves another look and maybe a cult following. <br /> <br /> The story: a bunch of low-level superheroes save the day. This too was again performed in the mediocre, directed at the video "The Specials". But this is the other end of the spectrum: a big budget (a huge budget, almost 100 million dollars I think) comedy in the studio. Yes, the effects are exaggerated and the huge sets and the wonderful production design are a little more important than the plot. But don't think of it as a fool, superhero film with special effects - it's a PARODY. They fight a villain named Cassanova Frankenstein, people. He has a psychofrakulator, whatever it is (it's a doomsday device, he will take control of the world, yada yada.) And the resident superhero Captain Amazing (a Zapp Brannigan-esquente Greg Kinnear, with commercial product logos on his costume, nice touch) is kidnapped. Time for the Mystery Men: Mr. Furious (Ben Stiller, gets angry), The Shoveller (William H. Macy, beats people with shovels), The Blue Raja (Hank Azaria, British, throws forks), The Bowler (Janeane Garafolo, ciotole), Invisible Boy (Kel Mitchell, guess what it does), The Spleen (the great Paul Reubens, farts) and The Sphinx (Wes Studi, cut the guns in half with his mind, I'm not kidding). The rest of the fantastic cast of characteristic actors includes Geoffrey Rush in the role of Cassanova, Lena Olin heavily edited as Cassanova's bride, and the only Tom Waits as a crazy arms dealer. So ... with Macy, Kinnear, Olin and Rush there are four Oscar nominees (and one winner) and Tom Wah! It's not perfect though. It's too long and there are some looks of horny here and there (The Shoveller is full of them). <br /> <br /> Dialogue definitely overcomes physical comedy, which is sometimes lacking (there is a boy who runs for his power, case closed). Dialogue is certainly a culminating point, the cyclical ramblings of the Sphinx, the mixed metaphors of Mr. Furious, etc. It's definitely a fun movie, (it'll almost make you forget that this was the movie that left Smashmouth's "All Star" out in the world.) <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the film didn't do as well with the criticism and the public as it should have. Originally a sequel was planned (the film is based on a comic strip and "The Flaming Carrot" comic book characters. The Flaming Carrot was programmed for the sequel I think) but this didn't work well at the box office. It could have been a difficult sale, a superhero comedy with the guy from "There's Something About Mary". It could also be the fact that he was released the same day as "The Sixth Sense" - which ended up being the biggest hit of August - as well as "The Thomas Crown Affair". Two other classic misunderstandings were published in the same crowded weekend, strangely - "Dick" and "The Iron Giant". Critics gave MM reviews passable, but they were quickly forgotten. Sadly enough, in Comedy Central's Jerry Stiller roast, comedian Jeffrey Ross commented to Ben Stiller that, "I saw 'Mystery Men' and fired my agent." The words "I should have done it" are then seen with an open mouth. Don't listen to it. Give "Mystery Men" a chance.
