You know that people in the film are involved when hail is falling from a clear blue sky. Actually, the weather remains pretty bad in this atmospheric thriller, and only Chamberlain has the answer. But I understand the European rationalist too, to get in touch with that inner being that reveals itself only through dreams. <br /> <br /> The dark mystery originating from the metaphysics of director Peter Weir. He had already demonstrated his ability to flirt with other dimensions in Picnic at Hanging Rock (1975). Here is the arcane world of Australian aborigines that confronts the strictly ordered world of the predominant whites. Something strange is happening inside the Aboriginal community when they kill one of their numbers for no apparent reason. Yuppie's lawyer, Chamberlain, should defend them in a white court. But the more he looks at things, the more mysterious things become, and the more he is interested in a strange old aboriginal entering him. And then there are those terrifying dreams that come and go in strange moments. <br /> <br /> The well-structured script increases interest in everything. One of the reasons the film works is the normality of Chamberlain's wife and daughters. The public can easily identify with them. And when their little world clashes with forces beyond the usual framework, normality begins to falter, and we have the feeling that the worlds are beginning to clash. Chamberlain underestimates everything, especially during the underground discovery tour where I think he should have shown a growing awareness of him. After all, it is the collection of the mask that holds the key (I believe) to the enigma, yet its reaction does not really register the revelation. <br /> <br /> Of course, the notion of nature that hits back has a certain resonance now, thirty years later. In the film, the notion is wrapped in a funny hocus-pocus, but the subject itself remains very clear. One way to bring out a central irony in the film is the symbolism of the opening scene. A large white SUV passes an Aboriginal family, leaving them in historic dust. The land looks like a tribal interior reserve with no particular importance for the coastal meatloaf in which the industry dwells. Yet it is also a region that will probably survive something like a last destructive wave. Perhaps there is something about the past and the future to think about here. <br /> <br /> However, this is really a good movie that will probably stay with you.
