Spoilers I loved subsequent college episodes and beyond, but I wish I could get on DVD last season. Unfortunately, the last I could get is the first university season. Yet the teenage years were sweet; even though they focused a lot on magic, they also turned it into a character that kids could relate to, disfigured by adolescent roe-deers and children in divorced families. This show was very innocent; they did not enter morbid adolescent problems such as sex and drugs, but they did deel with the pressure to adapt. I enjoyed watching her grow up and cope with her magic by herself and trying to convince her aunts to let herself go while she left the nest. The older episodes were nice, but it was much better to see her as (well, she is no longer a teenage witch) but an adult witch. I love Roxy and Mortgan; they were so talented! In the first few episodes the Aunts were great actresses, but they were so rigid, kind and loving, but they treated her like a child in some way, but not in every way. I mean they rooted her for every little mistake she made with her magic, I mean let her learn from her own mistakes for once! He was what I liked about college episodes; she was able to learn from her mistakes without being rooted in everything; it was annoying not to put Hilda and Zelda down. Melissa Joan Hard is beautiful and was perfect for Sabrina with her Perky personality. I liked the last episode where she escaped from the marriage with Harvey, but like someone else said, it would have been nice to see what happened next. I mean, I think it was obvious that they were getting married; where else would they have escaped in her wedding dress? But I would have liked to have seen it. I assumed they wanted to leave the spectator the choice of the ending, rather than the spoon that gave us food like many comedies do. Someone said they could show him getting married and going to school at home, but they already graduated from university. Sabrina did a great job for a magazine and I think Harvey had a good job, because he lived in a nice apartment that we only see at the end, but they never say what he does. As a child they always talk about how he doesn't want to be an exterminator like his father. When Sabrian entered the house that season, he never really explained how it happened. In fact, there is a lot that the show does not explain, but I suppose it should be leaving it to us and giving it some mystery. Before Sabrina and her friends who move into the house, they show Hilda getting married and all this spell that ends with the fact that Zelda becomes a child. Hilda returns in the last episode (and Zelda is in some other form, but Beth is not in the episode) but don't show Zelda's husband or what happened, as if they had children? Maybe they didn't want to go too far in an episode. I also liked Hart's sister who played her spoiled cousin! She was pretty and a great actress and it was interesting to see her grow up! I don't think it's been six years since the show aired! I still love the replicas! Also, I don't know if anyone noticed, but in the first few episodes, the city was called Westbridbe (an invented city I think, which was supposed to be near Salem) but in later episodes, they don't mention the name of the city that is called Westbridge and I think they call it Boston, unless it's just the place where he worked. Furthermore, I wanted to add, I found the episode "Wild Wild Sabrina" in which she is taught the importance of rules, to be offensive. She was 18 and too old to be rooted; I would have been insulted if my parents put me down at the age of 18. And I think that while an 18-year-old boy could ruin how he did it, they need to learn the consequences for themselves. I think at 18 they know that the rules are important.
