I have this DVD movie and I must have watched it thirty times now. I really have to love him, don't I? Well, not really. <br /> <br /> I was a surfer at the beginning of my life, and I love this sport. Today I'm fascinated by good surfing. Riding Giants has a lot of this, and so I'm a sucker for the thing. But I definitely have some bones to choose from. (Peralta, are you listening?). <br /> <br /> First, the film has too little faith in its arguments. The cutting and changing of the waves is such that most of them are somehow ruined. In reality, very few waves are shown guided from beginning to end. Peralta seems dependent on a hyper-kinetic method, cut and rhythmic. It becomes particularly bad in the central section on the Mavericks place in northern California. Not a single wave is guided from beginning to end. Almost the entire section on Mavericks (a third of the film) is a strident montage of clips with an equally strident soundtrack. I can understand the effect that Peralta was trying to achieve with Mavericks, as the place is a really terrific mix of crushing bone waves in a cold open ocean chop, but it goes too far. Mavericks is not just a bad acid trip. The waves are actually ridden there, even with great performance. It would have been nice to see some of them. If Peralta thinks this is a great sport (and I'm sure he does), then why does he insist on making so much jokes on the subject? Sometimes the change reduces the film to inscrutability. There is a quick clip in the Peahi section in Hawaii, which I still can't understand. Even if I play it in slow motion on DVD, the image is too fast to decipher. It must be a couple of frames at most. <br /> <br /> Secondly, did the guys who did this thing learn about understatement? It is particularly irritating to watch the version of the directors narrated on DVD. These guys sound like two exaggerated valley girls. The same feeling is manifested in the main production. Everything is always so damn "unbelievable" etc. One particular character is simply obnoxious - Sam George, the editor of Surfer Magazine, who practically pees in his pants every time he has something to say. It's a super drag on the film. <br /> <br /> There is a huge amount of effort for this film. I mean, just to get the old movies they have, and even all the interviews. The film is a great story, and I think it's generally captivating entertainment. Thematically it is well structured, with the three parts centered respectively on Greg Noll, Jeff Clark and Laird Hamilton. There are some uses of photography that are phenomenal. In the directors' narrative, they say it's a new type of 3D technology, and it really works. The three main characters shine, both in interviews and in the water. As an athlete, Laird Hamilton is a revelation. He gets to the top of his sport in a way that I've only seen Michael Jordan do in basketball. And the story of his meeting with his father is also a gem. It really touched me. <br /> <br /> It's just that the movie could have been much more. The last part of the film, when the credits come out, gives a hint about what could have been. There are some beautiful panoramic shots of waves with a magnificent soundtrack. (The soundtrack of the rest of the film is rubbish, although you might like it if you're a fan of the modern and frantic rock school.) However, there are my two cents ...
