I remember seeing him when he was released, in a theater in Palo Alto, and I didn't expect much. I mean - an Australian movie? But in the end it came to me. Here is a scene. Richard Chamberlain is sitting cross-legged on the floor of a miserable apartment in Sydney, in front of an elderly Australian aboriginal named Charlie. Chamberlain: "You were out of my house last night. You scared my wife. You?" And Charlie responds at an intentional pace: "Who are you? Who are you? Who are you? Who are you? Are you a fish? Are you a snake? Who are you? Who are you? Who are you? Who are you? "It's an amazing scene, shot in the foreground, with Chamberlain's blandly handsome face filling the screen in opposition to Charlie's broad, bearded nose. <br /> <br /> The two boys could not be more different and this film is the story of how Chamberlain incidentally stumbles from his existence as a monolithic lawyer in the inexplicable, almost inexpressible mysteries of Charlie's world. <br /> <br /> I don't think I will talk much about the plot. It's a kind of apocalyptic story. But I must say that anyone who has done research on Australian Aboriginal belief systems should get an A plus. They have everything here, from pointing the bone to the time of the dream, a kind of parallel universe in which dreams are real. It is an extremely spooky film with no musical punctures or splendid special effects. Charly's world simply begins to intrude on Chamberlain's dreams, for reasons never clarified. <br /> <br /> If there is a problem with the script, that's all. Nothing has ever been completely clarified. Does Chamberlain, who seems to have an extraordinary relationship with the aborigines, dies in the last wave? The aborigines? The whole of Sydney? The basic premise is a bit difficult to accept, even if it is taken for granted that this is a fantasy. The aborigines are invested with the kind of spiritual power that Americans give to American Indians, while the fact is that mythology is mythology and while one may be more complex or satisfying - more elegant and beautiful, if you like - mythology is still an attempt to transcend an ordinary physical existence, demanding and sometimes disappointing. Charlie's mysticism is more convincing than the miracles of Moses in "The Ten Commandments" by Cecil B. DeMille, but they are brothers under skin. <br /> <br /> But I don't care. Taken as a movie, this is pretty good, and it's particularly important for the director's celebrity, Peter Weir and the Australian film industry. This was the first of a great wave of antipodean films, some of them raucous, like "Mad Max", and some subtle and dramatic, like "Lantana". I like the things of Weir, which resemble those of Nicholas Roeg as pregnant with subliminal terror. Try "Picnic at Hanging Rock" for an example of how to make a film truly chilling without a drop of blood.
