Riding Giants is a brilliant documentary that plunges deep into the world of one of the least appreciated sports and brings out a human and raw emotion that only director Stacy Peralta could capture. Everything, from the structure, to the players, to the fantastic repertoire, even to the style in which this film was shot, has only strengthened the beauty and power of the sport of surfing. Of all the surf films I saw (Endless Summer, Billabong Odyssey and Step Into Liquid) this was the most consistent and relevant. Starting with the early surfing ages (a short history lesson) that lasts until Laird's infamous ride, Riding Giants goes beyond the mind, heart and soul of this sport compared to all these other documentaries. How does this work? Giving us the whole story, from beginning to end, without fiction or jig jagging from wave to wave. <br /> <br /> To start this film was structurally sound. In the other films I've seen on the surf, do you sometimes find yourself jumping from a new person to a new person, from wave to wave, from event to event, without any knowledge of why or whom? In Riding Giants, we have a very small cast of veterans and newbies. This allows you to really go deeper into everyone's mind. Furthermore, instead of riding the waves, we are given more history and more personal insights into the world than before. This is what really attracted me to this movie. I was struck by the fact that, instead of showing all these big waves (because it's a big movie), we listen to stories and see firsthand what these surfers had to overcome to get to those waves. I loved the information on "beach bums" or the father of surfing. I'm still paved by the incredible tales of Greg Noll and his early adventures in deep blue. So seeing him in person, talking about what was going on in his mind, just added more fuel to the fire. The linear structure that followed Peralta allowed me to follow and leave with more knowledge of the sport than with any of the previous films. Peralta shows so much emotion and passion that you can't help being amazed by what these brave people have done, and where the sport is going. <br /> <br /> Add an intense and creative photograph to an immaculate structure, and you damn close to the perfect movie. Using the techniques I saw for the last time in The Kid Stays in the Picture, Riding Giants creates some scenes that almost seem to jump off the screen. Even if it's not 3D, it's that flat feeling you get when you put two images on top of each other. In this film it worked. He created more depth in the scenes and added not only the value of the shock (these waves were huge), but also the danger that these guys constantly faced. If they broke up differently or maneuvered badly, these waves would kill them. Some died, but did not stop the sport. He just created more excitement and more passion to do better. It is this love of the ocean and of sport that brings me to my last point. <br /> <br /> The human element. So many of my previous adventures in the world of surfing documentaries left me with beautiful waves, but very little on people. The movies knew that people were watching the waves, so it would basically be going from wave to wave to wave and maybe a second to the person. This film was the exact opposite. Peralta has created this masterpiece by continuing to give us waves, but devoting much more attention to surfers and the immortal demand for why they do it every day. What flows through their minds, what drives them to go further, and the bonds that form while out there on the wild blue over there. I felt like having seen this film that I not only knew more about surfing in big waves, but also about the emotional side of sport. This was an undeveloped element in the other films and pushed the Riding Giants to a new personal level. <br /> <br /> Overall, this film was exceptional. I have never seen so much passion, devotion and love wrapped in a structurally sound film. From start to finish, I was impressed. I would be very happy if this film won the Oscar for best documentary this year and to see a new renaissance in the surf world and open more doors for films of this nature. <br /> <br /> Vote: *** ** out of *****
