"Where the Sidewalk Ends (1950)" opens, appropriately, with the names of Dana Andrews and Gene Tierneys engraved on the pavement, while the dirty water flows between the bars of a sewer grate. Does the sidewalk represent respectability, integrity and morality ?? only criminals and criminals walk in the eaves. But even the most honorable men have the tendency to make mistakes at times, and when the pavement ends abruptly, sometimes it is impossible to avoid getting one's shoes wet. Mark Dixon (Dana Andrews) was born in the sewer, his father is a professional criminal, and he spent his whole life clawing his way on the sidewalk, perpetually balanced on the edge of the pavement. As a police detective, Dixon wants nothing more than to show the decency and integrity that his father lacked, but possesses a petty vein that he cannot escape. When his temper leaves a dead suspicion of murder, Dixon finds himself to be the father he despised, a cheap criminal who would deceive and lie to cover his crime. <br /> <br /> 'Where the sidewalk ends' was the only film to bring together Dana Andrews, Gene Tierney and director Otto Preminger after the superb 'Laura (1944),' although the two films, though regards the noir, they could not be more distant. While the previous film had the strong intimacy of a homicide tale in a country house, this film is more conventional than a dramatic urban police drama. Given his incredibly memorable performance like Laura Hunt, it's a shame that Tierney is very underutilized here, occupying the typical niche of graceful, powerless romantic interest (just as he did that year in "The Night and the City (1950)" by Jules Dassin}. Andrews, on the other hand, has rarely been better, exhibiting a stiffness and a shocked anger that I did not expect from him. and I think an actor like Richard Conte (who played Mr. Brown in "The Big Combo (1955)") would suit the character the most; I didn't realize it, but Conte only appeared a year before in 'Whirlpool (1949 ) by Preminger. '<br /> <br /> Tension, while Dixon attempts to cover up his accidental crime, is absolutely compelling - certainly among the most suspenseful sequences of his era - even though I feel the situation is not was still to exploited to its fullest potential. The taxi driver is the only person who might have identified Dixon as the culprit by decision, but Preminger hurries past the moment Dixon steps up the stairs. If the witness had been introduced while Dixon was re-implementing his movements outside the entrance to the apartment, we could have had real fireworks. And why, moreover, did the taxi driver's testimony not immediately absolve Jiggs Taylor (Tom Tully) of the suspicion of murder? Niggling inconsistencies such as these obscure an otherwise excellent screenplay by Ben Hecht, who infuses his cruel criminal world with cops who hit hard and wise criminals. Andrews' furious and imploding law enforcement, tormented by anger and remorse, has rarely been bettered, at least on a par with Robert Ryan in "On Dangerous Ground (1952)" by Nicholas Ray.
