New York police detective Mark Dixon (Dana Andrews) is a guy who has to deal with his demons on a daily basis, while also dealing with the normal ups and downs of everyday life. The tension produced by his internal struggle and his intense hatred for criminals leads him to commit serious errors of judgment and not to recognize the need for a code of conduct to be respected in his dealings with people on the wrong side of the law. He has a history of treating suspects and notorious criminals with brutal brutality and this has brought him into conflict with his senior officers who have censored him for the amount of violence he has regularly used. Dixon cannot reconcile these demands for moderation with his own extreme and irrational hatred of all criminals. He is tormented by the fact that his father was a criminal and was left with a strong need to live his father's reputation and to avoid meeting the low expectations that many people have of him as a result. <br /> <br /> When a rich Texan is killed following an evening game run by the gangster Tommy Scalise (Gary Merrill), Dixon is assigned to the case. Scalise tells Dixon's senior agent, Detective Lieutenant Thomas (Karl Malden), that the victim was accompanied by Ken Paine (Craig Stevens) and his wife Morgan (Gene Tierney) and that Paine had committed the murder. Dixon goes to Paine's apartment and questions the suspicion that he is both drunk and uncooperative and when Paine punches him, Dixon takes his revenge and Paine collapses and dies. Dixon continues to get rid of the body in a nearby river. Paine's wife is interrogated and after describing what happened at Scalise's house, she adds that her father had gone to Paine's apartment later that night to discuss with him that she had come home with bruises on her face. Paine had previously attacked her on several occasions and her father, Jiggs Taylor (Tom Tully), had threatened that if he happened again he would beat Paine. This information leads to Taylor being arrested and charged with murder. No one accepts Dixon's explanation that Scalise had killed the Texan and then killed Paine to eliminate him as a witness. <br /> <br /> Dixon continues to make various attempts to convict Scalise, but eventually he realizes that the only way to successfully achieve his goal is to write a confession about his role in Paine's death and coverage. He does so and also records that he is going alone to confront Scalise so that the police can arrest the gangster for Dixon's murder. The comparison with Scalise and any means with which Dixon achieves its redemption, provide a tense and adequate conclusion to this gritty thriller. <br /> <br /> The tense and worried expressions of Dana Andrews convey the perpetually restless nature of his character and his anxiety as he deals with a series of misfortunes that include and follow Paine's accidental death. Dixon, however, is not the only one to experience misfortune like Morgan, a successful model loses her job due to all the problems surrounding her. His father, who a few years earlier had received a diploma to assist the police, is unjustly accused of a crime he did not commit. Ken Paine, who had been a war hero, had experienced unemployment and a loss of self-esteem that led to alcoholism and his wife beating and Scalise, who had been put into activity by Dixon's father, also suffers from his misfortunes. <br /> <br /> "Where The Sidewalk Ends" is an engaging story that involves a group of interesting and diverse characters and a main protagonist who is the absolute personification of moral ambiguity.
