The charm of the film noir, visionary and grandiose of Otto Preminger, is that he has ambiguous intentions, he betrays the dark essence of the central character, who is still irritated living in the shadow of his criminal father. Dana Andrews' ruthless cop is shown as an irrational and destructive stranger who may change because he may have found a good woman to take care of him. The tormented man recomposes himself with his impression of righteousness. The distressing mood is permanently circumscribed in the second half of the story by screenwriter Ben Hecht that echoes in Andrews' tense interpretation while Preminger saturates the film in a prosaically relevant style substance. We do not see and hear the city only at night; we feel it because Preminger allows us to see and feel even the most peripheral and distant factors of it. <br /> <br /> Dana Andrews provides a complex character explained through his streaks of violence and the hatred that always haunts him. While the plot develops, it is secretly entangled in situational snares, yet it is renewed by the external acts that can be seen in the visceral visceral expressions of the protagonists of vintage noir before it executes them. <br /> <br /> This reflection of a specific phase of the development of the genre is a gripping, fierce and shady noir film set in the climate of the double world of the underworld, in which the hero is so estranged that he always swells with anger , and although he loses his rational resistance, professional principle and ethical limits, he is still a good policeman. Preminger only winks at telling a drama of social conscience about a corrupt community within the vast urban landscape, rather maintaining the thriller on Andrews's shoulders as an existential journey of personal ramifications about a man with an oedipal fixation who is disconnecting with the always-negative influences of the law on his side and an immutable perception of what is right and what is wrong. <br /> <br /> Production companies in the early 1950s took stock of the social problems, and rather made a "low-budget" low-risk thriller like this, apparently in an attempt to elude the connotations of conservative critics and social occupations. But Preminger's inimitable approach presents an expressionistic aspect of fact: he injects each scene with the sense of everyday drama as the background for the plot.Each supporting character must pull his weight by doing something interesting, but none of them is a comic or depressing comic relief.For him, every character thinks he is the star, as for the direct self-assertion of Karl Malden as a missionary police inspector and a veteran waitress at the lunch counter. They are the ones that are the stars --- Andrews and Gene Tierney, both distressed by their useless attempts to subdue their emotional intensity --- that they don't want to be.
