David Burton (Richard Chamberlain, quite good) is a lawyer, more adept at managing corporate taxation (.. and suffers from unusual dreams that disturb him to see this aboriginal wrapped in darkness), who is called to take a lawsuit concerning a group of aborigines accused of the murder of one of their own Billy ... we see that he tries to steal stones with ritual painting on them and is killed when a head of an aboriginal tribe named Charlie (Nandjiwarra Amagula) uses a "bone of death "to stop her heart. Meanwhile, circling around David, the bizarre weather patterns influence Sydney like the rain that breaks down polluted dirt and hailstones during the blue skies (with no viewpoints of clouds, like the one that hits a school in central Australia), for not to mention, a "deformed" rainbow that is divided (!) into groups. As David pursues the case, he discovers that he is much closer to the strange events going on that he could never have accomplished. An aborigine named Chris (David Gulpilil) appears to him in a dream holding a stone of blood and discovers that this man is one of those he must represent at the trial! He discovered that it is quite possible, after some strange encounters with Charlie and conversations with Chris, that he could very well be tied to a spirit called Mulkurul and that his dreams are true premonitions of possible horrors that still won't come. <br /> <br /> Absorbing the apocalyptic drama constructs its story methodically and is completely original and unpredictable. With Peter Weir in charge, the film is visually unstoppable when we see these overwhelming images of a possible destiny towards civilization, but the most convincing angle of the film is surely David's journey to find that monumental truth that afflicts him while he questions to Charlie and Chris, at first to help his men escape from a crime they did not commit and, ultimately, to find out what has to do with something catastrophic that is occurring or that could occur in following.
