I'm a big fan of film noir, and this film by Otto Preminger stands out easily as one of the best I've seen! Preminger has brought together two of his successful stars "Laura" - Gene Tierney and Dana Andrews, for a completely different type of crime film. Laura was based on love, and this film is based on hate; while we look at police detective Mark Dixon, a copper teller already suffering from his superiors for his heavy tactics, he accidentally kills a suspect and tries to stop the murder on a known criminal; a man by the name of Tommy Scalisi. The plot is brilliantly worked and Preminger optimally balances different points of the plot; but everything goes back to the main moral implications surrounding our main character. The fact that the film is set in the criminal underground means that the plot is given an excellent working base, and director Otto Preminger cleverly captures the slimmer side of life by showing the main characters playing, beating each other (and their women), shooting and more - and this also helps compensate for the film by the previous "Laura", which was very much set in the upper middle class society. <br /> <br /> The role of Mark Dixon gives Dana Andrews one of the most interesting parts of his career. Here, we have a character that is difficult to appreciate as it is so cold - but the fact that we can understand his motivations ensures that it is easy to understand and allows the public to fit into his situation. The character development is well organized, and as we followed this character and his motivations throughout the film; everything makes sense in the end. His co-star is the beautiful Gene Tierney, who is not given much to do in this film as she was to Laura; a film that has made Tierney its keystone. She does well with what she has, however, and the lead duo's chemistry is excellent and Tierney helps complete every scene in which she is. I can't say that this is a better film than the previous Laura; it's a difficult film to follow, but this film certainly fits into the film noir formula better than Preminger's previous film. The film is also a good piece of comparison for Laura; as almost everything in this film is opposed to the 1944 film, yet it is all strangely familiar. Highly recommended to everyone!
