At first glance, it would seem natural to compare Where the Sidewalk with Laura ends. Both have noir qualities, both directed by Otto Preminger, and both are Dana Andrews and Gene Tierney. But that's where most comparisons end. Laura has taken care of elegant and sophisticated people with means that simply find themselves confused in a murder. Where the Sidewalk Ends is set in completely different layers. These are people with just two nickels to rub that are more used to seeing the underside of society than going to masquerade parties. Where the Sidewalk Ends is a formidable film full of desperate people who solve their problems with fists or some other weapon. Small hoods are a dozen dozens and cops regularly beat confessions from criminals. Being enmeshed in a murder investigation seems as natural as breathing. <br /> <br /> Although I didn't see all his work based on what I saw, Dana Andrews offers one of his best performances as the cursed cop, Det. Sgt. Mark Dixon. He is the kind of cop who is used to mistreating local guards if he gets information or a confession. One night, he goes too far and accidentally kills a man. He does his best to cover it. But things get complicated when it falls for the wife of the deceased, Morgan Taylor (Tierney), whose father becomes the number one suspect in the case of the murder. Since Morgan's father means the world to her, Dixon must do everything possible to free the old without implying himself. <br /> <br /> Technically, where the Sidewalk Ends is exceptional. In addition to the extraordinary performance of Andrews, the film features the always delicious Tierney. It has a quality that can make even the darkest of moments brighter. The rest of the cast is just as solid with Tom Tully, as the unjustly accused father is a true champion. Beyond acting, the direction, sets, lighting and cinematography are all top notch. Overall, it's an incredibly well made film. <br /> <br /> If I have a complaint (and I admit it's a very, very minor quibble) it's that Tierney is almost too perfect for the role and its environment. It's kind of hard to believe that a woman like that can find herself confused with some of these unpleasant characters. It's not really his fault, it's just the way Tierney comes across. It looks a little too beautiful, smooth and delicate for the part. But his gentle, kind and trusting nature adds a sense of necessary realism to his portrait.
