In Where The Sidewalk Ends, Otto Preminger brings together Dana Andrews and Gene Tierney, certainly hoping to regain the magic of his Laura. But they are dissimilar wild films, set in different strata of New York (not to mention the opposite poles of the noir universe). A refined gothic fog hovers over Laura's elegant Manhattan, with its erotic obsession and the faint scent of necrophilia; Where The Sidewalk Ends is pure urban soot and sand that befouling a city of basement apartments, steam rooms and parking lots. <br /> <br /> But it is a film just as beautiful as its revered precursor, and dyed in-the-art -wool noir (Laura, by contrast, one of the 1944 film clutches that the French nicknamed) noir ", was still a very sophisticated mystery of murder). Daylight comes only with a very temporary suffering, and the director of photography Joseph LaShelle makes the most of the alleys, the brownstones, the docks and the El. This is the quintessence of the big city, especially the Big Apple, noir, like many others of the exceptional harvest of 1950, such as Side Street and Sleeping City and The Tattooed Stranger and Edge of Doom. <br /> <br /> As the film opens, police detective Dana Andrews is on the carpet for his brutal manner, particularly his revenge on the crime boss Gary Merrill (whom we learn was started in business since grandfather father of Andrews). When an out of town is stabbed to death in a Merrill-powered floating crap game, Andrews's hair trigger crumbles a witness, causing him a fatal crack in his skull (exacerbated by a steel plate installed in the veteran's head). Realizing that his work is already online, Andrews dumps the corpse into the river after making it appear that the suspect had taken a powder. <br /> <br /> Of course, it is far from the end. The corpse is discovered, his strange wife turns out to be Tierney, and all the evidence begins to turn to his father (Tom Tully), a driver who happened not only to have walked the same empty streets on the night of the murder but to have ample reasons to want his abusive son-in-law died. But the lonely bitter Andrews finds in Tierney a reminder of his best nature; tries to exonerate his father while maintaining his involvement throughout the sordid secret activity .... <br /> <br /> Not as epigrammatic as Laura, the script for Where The Sidewalk Ends (by Ben Hecht) shows a pungent ( in a second locker room, his superior tells Andrews: "Look at you - everything gasped like a barrel fagot"). <br /> <br /> But while Laura spread her attention to half a dozen characters, here Andrews is far from the only goal (even the role of Tierney is much less central than her semi-ghostly Laura). And Andrews may never have excelled his performance here. He is tight-lipped and silent, but never more eloquent than when his face is silently recording the anguish to which his own obstinacy has led him. He is a repressed sufferer who can find release only through the safety valve of violence (he also lashes out at his faithful companion, Bert Freed). To tell the truth, he finds a way too fast for redemption, although the agency of his beautiful co-star. But that was the style of the times, and a sweetened ending doesn't do much to undermine this story of violence, corruption and urban intrigue in New York.
