We are very far from LAURA. Once again Otto Preminger directs, Dana Andrews plays the role of a police detective named Mark, and Gene Tierney is the beautiful woman who persecutes him, but nothing else on WHERE SIDEWALK LAKES resemble everyone's mysterious murder. Instead of deliciously quotable dialogues we get gritty and harrowing realism. While the previous film took place in the upper echelons of New York society, here we are in the low-cost neighborhood of dark streets, hooligans, cheap restaurants and shoddy apartments. Tierney, beautiful as always, now works as a department store mannequin and lives in Washington Heights (the "doll" neighborhood that once took a fox from Mark McPherson's LAURA). This time Andrews is Mark Dixon, an older, sadder, more troubled version of the cop in a raincoat. <br /> <br /> WHERE THE SIDEWALK ENDS belongs to a noir subgenre, films about police brutality centered on police officers who cannot control their violent impulses. Like Kirk Douglas's character in DETECTIVE STORY, Dixon owes his boiling contempt for criminals to his father's criminal past. Where Douglas is hypocritical and blind to his own faults, Andrews is burdened with repressed guilt and self-loathing. He accidentally kills a suspect and covers his actions with an attempt to throw suspicion on a slimy gangster (Gary Merrill) whom he pursued in vain for years. Instead, a nice taxi driver is suspected because he is the father of the estranged and abused wife of the deceased Morgan (Gene Tierney). Dixon, falling in love with the wife of the man he killed, desperately tries to save his father without giving it away. <br /> <br /> Among the noir protagonists, Dana Andrews had this distinction: he was unable to appear unintelligent. Even when he plays an average Joe, as usual, he always turns out to be unusually sensitive and perceptive; in addition, his air of being too thoughtful for his own comfort gives him that haunted and haunting quality that was his essence as an actor. He played ordinary people, policemen and soldiers, but always with a tragic undercurrent to see and know too much. His conscientious heroes are marked by exhaustion, guilt, the inability to "lighten". No other actor could have expressed anger in the bottle so well, the pain that burns slowly, the tormented intelligence of Mark Dixon. He also has a soft tenderness, a muffled warmth and even an ironic humor that makes him heartbreaking. This comes out when he takes Morgan to a restaurant where he is regular, and for the first time we see this cold and brutal man exchanging false insults with the maid, whose sarcasm cannot hide his affection and his concern for him. When Dixon asks his mate about the money to get a lawyer for Morgan's father, he supplies it even though they had a recent fight and Dixon punched him. There are no words about loyalty or the fact that he is a good boy deep inside, but we see everything in the anguished silence of the man and in the resignation of his wife while giving a jewel to the pawn. The goodness of Dixon manifests itself through the reactions of others to him as well as through the exciting performance of Andrews. <br /> <br /> Although Dana Andrews was a minor star, it could be the quintessential forties. He passes through some films almost never taking off his overcoat; with that square shape of mid-century, further fortified by the fedora, the bourbon glass, the cigarette that does not take away from the mouth when he speaks, seems imprisoned in the masculine ideal of hardness and impassivity. While many noir romanticize the tough guy with two fists, WHERE THE SIDEWALK ENDS offers an inflexible portrait of the reality behind the façade, a compelling and melancholic exploration of the roots and consequences of violence. <br /> <br /> Andrews was sadly undervalued in his time (he was the only one of the three protagonists in THE BEST YEARS OF OUR LIVES not nominated for an Academy Award, although his low-key performance is much more convincing than that of Frederic March, drunk Oscar winner). Fortunately, Andrews has appeared in some films that have ensured his immortality, and now finally this little-known film, which contains his best performance, can be seen as part of the wonderful Fox Film Noir set. This series, including several previously unreleased titles (such as NIGHTMARE ALLEY and THIEVES 'HIGHWAY), suggests that Twentieth-Century-Fox may have had the best record of all the major studios when it came to film noir.
