George Cukor directs this high-quality suspense story into the theatrical world with his usual sensitive but firm touch. Does the performance of Ronald Colman, which earned him an Oscar, continue to resist despite some moments of excitement? it's hard to forget his tormented appearance while strutting aimlessly for social functions and trying to find meaning in his life. There are a number of interesting subtitles and Cukor does a great job of making them clear without forcing too much. The screenplay by Garson Kanin and Ruth Gordon is brilliant, mixing the world of rare theater with the squalid world of the streets and making full use of Shakespeare's "King Lear" as a reference to both the main theme of the jealousy movie and the obsession of the Colman character for identity. <br /> <br /> Some interesting things about this movie ?? superficially it could be dismissed as too superficial a treatment of the daily problems of the actors. In other words, if the art of acting required a complete sublimation of individuality, we would soon have an eruption of actors of the psycho method chasing the streets. But I don't think the main concern of this story is acting or working / the art of acting on its own. I think that Antonio's struggles represent a wider existential question, an uncertainty deeply buried on identity. There is a key, I believe, in his relationship with his ex-wife Britta (Signe Hasso). He says he would never have or could have become a good actor without his inspiration. And in another place he explicitly states that his extreme identification with his roles began when he married her. I'm not sure what to do with it, but it seems important to me, especially because it's his obsession with her and his jealousy that eventually pushes him beyond the lines. Perhaps the implication is that Anthony was endangered in the first place by entering into a serious relationship. Marriage implies a "union of the soul" in the traditional conception. It is unusual for male and female protagonists to be divorced at the beginning of the film. It's not entirely unpublished (Hawks' play "His Girl Friday" comes to mind), but it's unusual and probably significant, especially in light of the fact that they don't end up resolving their romantic separation. In a sense, the film could imply that jealousy is another form of self-respect.
