Ronald Colman plays a famous Broadway actor who has begun to lose his head and sense of identity. After years of playing a wide range of parts, he can't remember who he is exactly - who his roles are and who the self is. And, much more serious, he begins to see and hear his performance even in everyday life. So, since he's playing in "Othello", he starts acting jealous and suspicious - just like the title character. In the end, it leads him to the depths of madness and murder. <br /> <br /> I saw this movie years ago and I liked it. I just saw it again and I loved it. Now maybe a little of my enthusiasm is because I've always liked Ronald Colman and this is a great triumph for him - and for which he won the Oscar for best actor. And looking at the competition of that year (Gregory Peck for GENTLEMAN'S AGREEMENT, John Garfield for BODY AND SOUL, William Powell for LIFE WITH FATHER and Michael Redgrave for MOURNING BECOMES ELECTRA), I think Colman was a very good choice, since yes its usual comfort zone is elongated and has played a much more challenging role. <br /> <br /> I have now noticed that a critic hated this film because he hated Shakespeare - and this took up about half of their review talking about their dislike for him. However, this film doesn't really talk about Shakespeare, and it doesn't matter at all if you don't like Shakespeare. I'm not a big fan of Shakespeare, but I marveled at the small parts of the drama that Colman re-proposed, although, like I said, this is NOT a Shakespeare movie. Instead, it is a wonderful portrait of an actor who loses his head and mixes his scenic role with reality. It could be ANY game, even though "Othello" was an excellent choice because of the crime scene - which is actually played later in the movie. <br /> <br /> Overall, a very clever film due to a nice script - with some nuances of film noir. Fortunately, the acting was also fantastic, as Colman had excellent support from Signe Hasso, Shelly Winters and Edmond O'Brien (who was particularly good at it - he played the right part). And, considering the great director George Cukor, it's no wonder it's a wonderful film from beginning to end.
