A DOUBLE LIFE has developed a mystique among the fans of the film for two reasons: the idea of ​​the plot of an actor who has thus wrapped himself in a role (here Otello) to grasp the great defect of that character and put it in his life; and that this is the film that won Ronald Colman the Oscar (and also the Golden Globe) for best actor. Let us take the second point first. <br /> <br /> The most important role of Anthony John Colman, or even his main role? I have my doubts about both levels - but it is one of his best known roles. Much of his career, Ronald Colman has played good gentlemen, often in dangerous or atypical situations. It's Bulldog Drummond (cleaned up in Goldwyn's production for not being an arrogant racist) who fights crime. It's Raffles, the great cricket player and even greater thief, who tries to pull off his best break-in to save a friend's honor. It is Robert Conway, the great imperial political figure, who is kidnapped and taken to that heaven on earth, Shangri-La. It is Dick Heldar, who dies manly after learning that his masterpiece has been destroyed and to know that he is now blind and useless as an artist. I can add Sidney Carton and Rudolf Rassendyll to this list. But here it is not heroic. In fact it is unknowingly evil - it kills a person and almost kills two others. It doesn't matter that he is obviously mentally ill - his behavior here is antisocial. <br /> <br /> For me Colman should have gotten the Oscar for Heldar, or Carton, or Conway - all more typical of his acting roles. But the Academy has a long tradition of choosing atypical roles to assign its treasure to its main members. Anthony John of Colman is a great performance, and at some point it's really scary. When she is alone with Signe Hasso in her house, she is at the top of a staircase and he is at the base, they have an argument. He asks "Tony" to leave, saying he won't see it. He stares at her, his face strangely hardened in a way he never used before, and he says, "Oh, no, you won't!" He starts to go upstairs, scaring Hasso, and she runs to her room. He stops and leaves. Actually it's the real culmination of his performance - even more than his assault on Hasso on stage, or Edmond O'Brien, or his murder of Shelley Winters. He showed his blind fury. For that moment it was (for me) a performance worthy of an Oscar. But it's only that moment. I'm glad he was recognized for the role, but he would have had to get the award for a more consistent performance. <br /> <br /> His performance in Otello's Shakespearean role is not great, but bearable. Too often he lets the dialogue slip away from the language into a kind of forced singing style (one wonders if this was due to the coaching of Walter Hampden, who probably knew how to properly handle the role, or a reaction to it). Nowadays "Othello" is played by an African American actor more frequently than a white one. The brilliant interpretation of Paul Robeson in the role that established the new tradition. But the three best cinematographic performances of the part are those of Colman, Orson Welles in his film of OTELLO, and Laurence Olivier in his film of his theatrical production of OTELLO. All three white actors played the role in the black face. My favorite of the three is Welles, who looks the thinnest. But even looking at the film version of Welles makes me angry that Robeson never managed to put his performance (with Jose Ferrer in the role of Iago) in a film. <br /> <br /> Now the first question - can an actor get involved in a role? I've heard different things about this. Some actors have admitted to having a role at home with them from the theater or movie set. Others have found a role that must be stimulating, influencing them on a new cause of action regarding their lives or some aspects of life. But in reality I've never heard of anyone becoming a murderer as a result of a role. It seems a melodramatic, banal idea. <br /> <br /> In reality it was not a new idea in 1947 with Cukor, Kanin and Gordon. In 1944 a feature film "B", THE BRIGHTON STRANGLER, starring John Loder, had used a similar storyline about an actor who plays a notorious "Jack the Ripper" type and who starts committing this type of murder after an accident hits his mind. There was a previous film in the 30s, in which an actor who plays Otello becomes jealous of his wife (I think the title was MEN ARE NOT OF THEM, but I'm not sure). But because of the name and career of Colman, and of the direction of Cukor, it is A DOUBLE LIFE that people think of when they remember this plot. He even reached the comedy (finally) in an episode of CHEERS, in which Diane Chambers is helping an ex-con who could have an acting talent, and they put up OTHELLO at the bar, right after he sees her with Sam Malone kissing. Only Diane is aware of the ex-prisoner's personality problem and cannot delay production long enough (she tries to start a discussion on the history and symbolism of the drama). <br /> <br /> The cast of A DOUBLE LIFE was first quality, and Cukor's direction was more than ever certain. So the film certainly deserves to be seen. But despite giving Colman an interesting role, it wasn't his best job on screen.
