This two-part mini TV series is not as good as the original 1966 TV series, but it's solid. The original benefited from a large number of things - it was all in black and white, it had a great jazz soundtrack and was shot in real places, including the home of the convicted Clutter family. This was important because in the book and in the original film the house is very much a character itself. <br /> <br /> This remake was shot in Canada, and I imagine it doubles well for Kansas. The story tries to be sympathetic to Perry as he and Eric Roberts interpret him as a somewhat crazy person, his just-hidden homosexuality. Roberts' gentler approach doesn't work out in the end, though it's hard to believe that his version of Perry Smith would have exploded into a spasm of murder. Considering that the capture of Robert Blake on Smith left you with no doubt that his Perry Smith was an extremely dangerous character. <br /> <br /> Anthony Edwards was excellent as the crazy, open-mouthed and finally cowardly Dick Hickcock, the brain of the outfit. His performance is comparable to the role of Scott Wilson in the original film. <br /> <br /> Since this is a longer film, it allows more time to develop the Clutter family and, in this regard, I think the 1996 film has an advantage. The Clutters are just an exceptional and decent family. They have never harmed another soul and it is simply inexplicable that such a dignified family is massacred in such a terrifying way. It still annoys me that, after the Clutters were locked in the bathroom, Herb Clutter didn't force the window so at least his children would have the chance to escape. This film came to mind, but too late. From what I read about the real house, which is still standing, the way the bathroom is set up, they could open the drawers and barricade the door that would have forced the killers to make their way. But could I have bought time for some of the Clutters to escape. Because the Clutters haven't tried this, I have no idea. <br /> <br /> Fans of the book will recognize that this film takes a lot of freedom with the way crime is committed but not too serious. However, it is distracting to viewers like me who have read tons on the case. The actors who play the policemen, led by Sam Neill and Leo Rossi, are uniformly excellent, much better, I believe, as a group, than the actors in the original film. They know that to secure the noose around both of their necks they must make them confess. And the agents are impeccably interviewed. They had already discovered the probable alibi of the fake story of going to Fort Scott and denied it every moment. The officers then let Smith & Hickcock enter their trap. Hickcock is a b.s. artist who thinks he can convince anyone of anything and officers respectfully allow him to tell his cover story. But when they lower the boom on him, it shatters very quickly. It is very well filmed and played and very rewarding to watch because the viewer should naturally hate Hickcock in particular at this point, a cowardly scammer who needs Smith easily manipulated to kill him for him. Presumably Hickcock later claimed that the real reason for the crime was not to steal money from the Clutters but to rape Nancy Clutter. At least she was spared this degradation. <br /> <br /> The actors who play the Clutter are very good, Kevin Tighe in particular Herb Clutter. The story sensibly addresses Ms. Clutter's emotional problems, most likely clinical depression, and Ms. Clutter shows considerable inner strength when she firmly and firmly asks that the killers leave her daughter alone. From what I read, Clutter's surviving family was particularly concerned about how Bonnie Clutter was portrayed in the book, claiming it was completely false. But by the way, both killers told the police how Mr. Clutter asked them not to disturb his wife because of his long illness. Capote could invent that fiction to make the character of Bonnie more interesting, but certainly the killers had no reason to falsely portray Mrs Clutter and no doubt much of the conversation in the book (duplicated in the movies) is right outside the recorded confessions of the killers . So it would have been absurd that Herb had said it and it wasn't true.
