Like others, I have seen and studied most of the books and films about the Clutter Killings, including some dramatic thematic works based on actions and the psycho-mythology of the participants in the crime - including Capote himself. As for Capote, I cannot forgive him for deliberately denying the confessions, intimacies and writings of Perry Smith even from defense counselors. I believe that the truths and facts of Capote "reserved" for his "book", which required Capote to have two verdicts of guilt and capital punishment, would almost certainly have supported a defense of the madness of success for Perry Smith even under the old rule of McNaughton . Capote himself could never write another important literary work after "In sangue sanguino". Shame and guilt. In my opinion, he gladly encouraged and planned the brutal death penalty to provide the spectacular ending he required for his book / drama. For him, both men had to die for his book to be successful. The book had to justify itself by pretending that it concerned the horror of capital punishment. His actions and silence ensured that the cold conclusion. <br /> <br /> The book of Capote is not the truth. It is not factual or journalistic. It is drama and melodrama seasoned with his creatively psychotic imagination. What most people consider the virtues of the first contemporary film are sad images of Capote's mind, which may have been the coolest aspect of them all. They do not surprise viewers with irony, but they necessarily prefer Blake's performance. That actor is the nightmare of Capote's dishonest imaginations. <br /> <br /> So, who's to say how the two killers should be played? Who will judge what an essentially poetic psychotic pop could do from excessive courtesy and kindness to "kill him now"? I agree with the few who see in Eric Roberts' work a magnificent performance, Shakespearean in his range, yet played with heartbreaking sincerity. Anthony Edwards takes a much safer "attitude mode" to create a thin Hickok; but it is one-dimensional and boring, with only a few notes in its television range. Roberts is almost four-dimensional, adding physical weakness and suffering to a powerful animal body, a Frankenstein creature who thinks in poetry and knows exactly what NOT to do. Like Leopold about Loeb, Robert's Perry Smith is hopelessly in love with an evil man. Without Hickok or a man of his particularities, Perry Smith would not have brought his psychotic mind into a world of horrors. There is more fear than anything else in life. <br /> <br /> Given the freedom from the capture of Capote's death over the consciousness of the Clutter murders, Roberts and Edwards are free to create original personalities and psychoses to create a different and new production of the drama. The same facts, some of which are taken from the clinical case, but deeper, more complex, with obvious titanic psychotic stresses - in fact Roberts is so good at this fluid madness that he physically and at the same time shows how little awareness he has of where or where who is it. <br /> <br /> What many of our reviewers don't appreciate about this film, Roberts in particular, is that cold-blooded murder is not shown the way they expect and manipulated to ask. This is because here we are seeing a much more deeply realistic "interpretation of life and death" that Capote could ever create - a real tragedy. <br /> <br /> The cold-blooded murderer, Mr. Capote, and his hypocritically artistic "nonfiction novel" do not control these interpretations and performances. <br /> <br /> If "In Cold Blood" and the effect of Capote on life, literature and truth count as scholars say, then it takes courage and talent to portray the truth, or a version of the truth , which is not the rank, the cowardly lie elaborated from the depths of the abyss of Capote.
