I'm from Sweden and I've just seen this movie and the fact is, I thought it was okay. I have seen many negative comments, but you must remember that many people who watch this two-part miniseries are found all over the world and not only in the United States. Also remember that not everyone has ever heard of the film made in the 1960s and perhaps not in the events (murders). And even more ... that it may be difficult to find the original film and if so there are always people who do not like black and white movies. This feels fresh and colorful and will find its audience. He is now 12 but I saw him for the first time. I'll try to find the first one if I can compare them but I haven't seen it anywhere in Sweden. Ofcorse there is internet but not for anyone in the world. The thing here is that this is mostly part of an American criminal history and was great in the 50s and 60s: only in the United States, but in the rest of the world it has just passed, I think. Well, it has been said for some time, but 40 years later it will vanish, for example in Europe, because time passes. We have had our problems and crimes, so if someone does a remake of the film and brings it back to light somehow it is not a bad idea at all. A new generation can take part in this horrible story and even the Capote movie that was released just a few years ago, even the witch was a pretty good movie. Interest will increase in the events that occurred about 50 years ago and perhaps prevented him from falling asleep. It started me and now I'm looking for the Robert Blake version so it wasn't so bad ... eh? These are my opinions. Some people obviously won't agree but hey ... it's ok. Sometimes it will go well with remakes on old movies. It is not every time the old are so good. Film production techniques have developed a lot and the scenes can be made more realistic if they want today. It's always a question of money, of course. There have been so many movies that were made in the "good old days" but there were also missing money, bad directors, etc. And they do them again today (50 years later) and suddenly they are okay. My friend has this box of old classic horror movies and s / f and I can't say I was impressed by the so-called good old days. Most of them put the trash directly in the trash. They were so bad that we sat there like zombies ... we couldn't move ... like dead in the brain. I can't recommend them to anyone. Some of them I have seen remakes of and I remember to have liked them ... but not the originals. They were simply painful. This is like the old story of who was the best Bond ... Moore or Connery ... I think if you see Roger Moore first you might find him to trust or like ... Thanks for me and I'm sorry for my English , it's not so good. / Lars from Sweden
