I found this family film pleasant and enjoyable even though I am not a child. It is based on the concept of a high school girl, Susan (Elisha Cuthbert) who discovers that the elevator in her upper class condominium becomes a time machine when a key in a key chain that she took from a blind scientist is turned in the lock of the elevator. Learn to control the car (with some uncertainty about the time of day). <br /> <br /> The film is not a serious science fiction work. You have to ignore the usual paradox of instability associated with altering the past through time travel, that is, the past has changed to prevent the 1881 Walker family from becoming poor, but the change means that the family has never had financial problems, so Victoria didn't want I told Susan about her mother's financial problems, which means that Susan shouldn't have had a reason to change the past in the first place! But apart from that, there are some nice touches in history, like the old elevator panel, found in the apartment of the woman who secretly invented and installed the time machine, having no space for the padlock that activates the functionality of the time Machine . As in many children's stories, we must also assume that a child does not share surprising information on a time travel device with a parent or other adult, but instead hides the time traveler. <br /> <br /> It also requires ignoring some ill-prepared scenes and uninspired performances by some adult actors. (The child actors (Elisha Cuthbert, Gabrielle Boni and Matthew Harbor) were all very convincing in their parts). In a 1300s scene, Native Americans notice Susan watching them and photographing them. But they do not record surprise in the sudden appearance of this white-skinned blonde girl in a particular dress. Their answer is simply to stop what they are doing and walk calmly towards Susan. In the same scene an Indian mother carries what should be a child, but is obviously a doll (her white skin and her head flex around). <br /> <br /> Timothy Busfield, the award-winning actor who originally became famous in the old TV "Thirty Something", offers an unattractive performance, sometimes without words. In the other extreme, Michel Perron sums it up as Italian building superintendent (janitor), as does Richard Jutras in his role as a nosy neighbor. (The neighbor's name is Edward Ormondroyd, which is the name of the author of the novel on which the film is based). I suspect that these problems may be the fault of both the director and a low budget. <br /> <br /> Despite these flaws, I recommend the children's movie. In addition to interesting history, it also has a certain educational value, as it indicates how much technology and social norms have changed in just over 100 years.
