Richard Chamberlain is David Burton, a tax lawyer based in Sydney, Australia, who is involved in a murder trial that defends five Aboriginal men accused of killing another native in Peter Weir's 1977 apocalyptic thriller, The Last Wave. Starting from the point where Picnic left at Hanging Rock, the film explores the exploration of the unknown and, in the process, shows the gap between two cultures that live side by side but lack mutual understanding of culture and traditions. Weir shows how white society considers native beliefs as primitive superstitions and believes that since they live in cities and have been "domesticated", their tribal laws and culture no longer apply. <br /> <br /> From the beginning, Burton is drawn ever more deeply into a strange network of visions and symbols in which the dividing line between real time and "dream time" vanishes. Water plays an important symbolic role in the film from the opening sequence in which a sudden thunder and a hail storm interrupt a peaceful school break to discover Burton that his tank is overflowing and the water is going down his steps . While violent and unusual weather continues with episodes of black rain and mud falling from the sky, the contrast between the easy scientific explanations of the phenomenon and the intuitive understanding of the natives is clarified. Burton and his wife Annie (Olivia Hamnet) study books on Aboriginal people and learn about the role of dreams in tribal traditions. When he invites one of his clients Chris Lee (David Gulpilil) to his house for dinner, he is disturbed to find that it is the subject of an investigation by Chris and his friend Charlie (Nadjiwarra Amagula), an enigmatic Aboriginal sorcerer involved in the defendants . While Burton's investigations continue, his clients make his job difficult by refusing to reveal the real events surrounding the murder. <br /> <br /> After Chris begins to appear in his dreams, Burton is convinced that the aboriginal was killed in a tribal ritual because he "saw too much", even though Chris refuses to recognize him in court. Burton, becoming increasingly troubled by a mystery he cannot reveal, tells his stepfather stepfather: "Why didn't you tell me there were mysteries?" This is a legitimate question but, according to the reverend, the Church responds to all mysteries. Burton now knows that he must discover the truth for himself and enter the underground tribal caves. Even if we don't know for sure what is real and what a dream is, it comes face to face with its deepest fears in a disturbing climax that will let you think about its meaning in the early hours of the morning. <br /> <br /> In this historical period in which the Hopi and Maya native prophecies predict the "end of history" and the purification of the man who leads to the Fifth World, The Last Wave, although 25 years old, is still current. The aborigines are portrayed as a vibrant culture, not one completely subjugated by the white man, yet I am troubled by the rodent feeling that we are observing but which we do not see. Weir has opened his eyes to the mystery that lies beyond our consensual vision of reality, but perpetuates the orientation of destiny that sees the possibility only in terms of fear, showing nature as a dark and uncontrollable power without a hint of beauty spiritual living on both sides of time.
