John Cassavetes' 1977 film, Opening Night, is what critics usually call the work of such an "overlooked" artist. It is an excellent film, in its own right, and one of the best portraits of a mid-life crisis ever filmed. It's not a perfect movie, in this, at two hours and twenty-four minutes it's a half hour too long, and there's a bit too much emphasis on the drunkenness of the main character Myrtle Gordon, played by Gena Rowlands, Cassavetes's wife , long after we got the point. But only Woody Allen's masterpiece, Another Woman, also played by Rowlands, eleven years later, is a better portrait of an old woman's internal conflicts. Still, Rowlands won the Best Actress Award at the Berlin Film Festival for this portrait, and it was well deserved. Often this film, written by Cassavetes, is easily comparable to his previous and lower film, A Woman Under The Influence, but it is a spurious comparison. The character of Rowlands in that film is deeply mentally disturbed from the beginning, as well as deriving from a dark blue background, while his characters in this film and in Allen's film are both artists who are haunted by the apparitions. In this film is the ghost of a dead young woman who can be seen as Myrtle's youngest doppelganger, while in Allen's film is her character's past ??. Many critics took this film to be a portrait of an alcoholic, seeing Myrtle surround himself with enablers, like a stage manager who tells her, during the opening night, "I saw many drunk in my time, but I" never saw nobody as drunk as you who could stand up. You are fantastic! ", But this is wrong, because alcohol is not his problem, nor is his chain smoking. They are just distractions from whatever he is really forcing her to her own destruction, and much to Cassavetes' merit, as a narrator, we do not never let anyone find out exactly what's wrong with Mirto, and despite her in the end, there's no reason to expect her to have really solved something accordingly.This kind of end without resolution connects Cassavetes directly with the most daring directors Europeans from the recent past, who found themselves at ease in not disclosing everything to an audience and forcing their viewers to cogitare, even if it hurts. <br /> <br /> Yet, the film perfectly sums up the effect of a drunk or a fever rising from the fog, and as such the observer is again subliminally involved in his drama, whether or not Myrtle Gordon recovers after the universe of the film is wrathful about her, it is left to every viewer to decide, and as we have seen before the lid closes, your choices are important.
