Watching John Cassavetes' film, Opening Night, I was reminded of something Quentin Tarantino once said in an interview about personal experience in being an art or acting creator. He referred to an example of, for example, if he ran into a dog on his way to acting in a play that was not the end of his life, but that this would affect him, and that, no doubt he should have brought that experience with him to the stage even if it was a light comedy. "Otherwise", as he said, "what am I doing?" I couldn't help but think of his words when I looked at the character of Gena Rowland, Myrtle Gordon, who for almost an entire week goes through a very similar scenario. There is much more to Cassavetes' film, of course, given that it's about how theater works around a leading actress, what emotion and human nature mean when you look at playing a character, and how you live when everyone they (like Myrtle Gordon) is the theater. <br /> <br /> At the beginning of the film, after leaving a performance, Myrtle signs autographs and one of these fans, Nancy, approaches his favorite star and pours his heart into Myrtle. It's a small moving moment, but it doesn't last as long as it has to get in the car (heavy rain and everything). Then he watches in horror as the girl, who has remained by the car while she left, is hit by another car in a car accident. She is not sure what happened, but then discovers the next day that the girl actually died from the blow. From that moment on, she is almost stunned by this even after she thinks he's out of her system. At first this shows up in small ways, like when he tries a scene with his fellow actor (played by Cassavetes) and he doesn't seem to bear being hit - she blames him for the lack of depth in the character (the writer: "What do you think? Is that the comedy missing? "" Hope, "says Myrtle) - but then Nancy starts to visit her, an apparition that is all real in Myrtle, until it suddenly goes away. <br /> <br /> Cassavetes, as in previous films, is looking for what it means to have emotions, really feel something and feel it, or lack it, and how it affects others around the person. This is not exactly a new ground for Rowlands, who in the past had played a woman on the margins of herself in Woman Under the Influence (in that case because of alcohol), nor would it have been an alien territory for costar Ben Gazzara, who has just starred in Killing a Chinese bookie. But the actors express all that is essential to their characters in every scene; Cassavetes doesn't tell them how to get from A to B in a scene, and he doesn't need it. There is a state of mind in a Cassavetes film that overcomes the sometimes ramshackle camera. You know that Myrtle, for example, should be satisfied in some way, even if it's not in the plot. But she is obsessed, and is dissatisfied with the lack of depth of her character and the tone of the play ("Ages, who goes to see it?", Asks the playwright), and begins to hit even those around her. <br /> <br /> The question soon becomes even if it is not the usual one. A conventional playwright would make the conflict "Will he be able to go on stage, will the show go on?" This is not important to Cassavetes, even if it is there, as is the question "Will she be aright?" Perhaps going through such a grueling drama as "The Second Woman" could help her process her personal demons and lose her grip on reality (see Sara and attack her in front of strangers, who wonder what the hell is going on)? Or does the game's lack of hope put the rest to the test? The depths that Rowlands makes with her character are intense and heartbreaking, and what is expected does not mean that she is more boring than Woman Under the Influence - if anything, it is as good as that film to be honest about a person in this profession, and consequently the other performances are just as true, from Gazarra to Nancy interpreted by a thin Laura Johnson. Cassavetes' answers to his questions are not easy. <br /> <br /> One of the real thrills of Opening Night, along with seeing great actors play a surprising script, is to see Cassavetes take on the way he does it. We see the performance performed - and it is apparently a real game - and we only know what it is. When we see the actors on stage perform, we wax and pluck between being involved in what is happening the melodrama (clash of relationships and business and the occasional slap and domestic violence) and the improvisation of the actors. I marveled at how much he was really improvised, how much Cassavetes allowed the other actors to do in the scenes where Myrtle begins to go for the climax or, in the climax, he is completely destroyed. He is also on stage, so it must have been something for them to solve it in advance and let it happen. <br /> <br /> It's fun, amazing, chilling and cutting-edge stuff, some of the best theater scenes ever set in a movie, and we see the lines between actor on stage, actor in film, actor with actor, blurring wonderfully together. Opening Night is a powerful drama full of frank talk about death and madness, reality and fiction, where love is between people and, finally, what does "acting" mean?
