It was once suggested by Pauline Kael, never a fan, that Cassavetes thought not as a director, but as an actor. What Kael meant was his alleged lack of sophistication as a director; to make another comparison, for me, it never seems that Cassavetes is directing himself in a film, it seems as if Cassavetes is implanted in his own creation, like Orson Welles. Cassavetes is as much a genius as Welles, but much more important as a true artist (as opposed to a technician or a rhetorician). This is like a cross between the Italian passion (although Cassavetes was actually Greek) and Scandinavian introversion. Never before have the inner demons been so physically exposed. <br /> <br /> Talk about the mystery of becoming, acting and acting. Like a haunted Skip James record, it has ghostly echoes all around. The failures of Rowlands, which are astonishing and almost operatic, surprising from Cassavetes, are accompanied by a nervous and disturbing plane. Who is this dead girl? The metaphysical possibilities are endless, and it is incredible to find this kind of thing in a Cassavetes film, only the clear display of intelligence (there is also a short fragment of voice at the beginning). But then, he was always clever, he never threw him around for easy praise. This is not "adaptation"; here, the fusion of reality, fiction and drama does not mean showing intelligence, but showing the inner turmoil and confusion it creates. <br /> <br /> There is so much to do. Pure and joyful love when Rowlands greets the doorman; the horror when you hit ... The scene where the girl tells how she dedicated her life to art and music is one of the most effective demonstrations to understand what it means to be a fan of someone. You can see some of the roots of this in "A star was born", and Almodovar borrowed for "All about my mother". I think the ending is a bit of a disappointment because of the teasing, but the preparation that preceded us is almost nauseating. (You can shoot me, but I think that alcoholism, despite its urgency in many scenes, is a relatively small point in the film.) <br /> <br /> It is a living thing, it breathes, and it looks like a process: it could go in any direction at any time. As "Taste of Cherry", we are reminded that "you must never forget that this is just a game". Yet it is dangerous: when Rowlands says that line, is it a great drama? How will the public take it? Is he reflecting or just doesn't care? His failures (of the character) are incorporated into the performances, and ultimately into the film, so that is like watching a female James Dean. 10/10
