Yesterday I went to the vintage flea market that comes to town. I have no interest in these things, but I went to the company of friends who have such an interest. Looking over the hundreds of vendors, passing many of them quickly, I noticed someone selling VHS tapes and DVDs. Most of the movies he had on DVD were quite recent; the oldest I noticed was Mery FAVORITE WIFE co-star of 1940 Cary Grant-Irene Dunne. But VHS tapes, by nature, were mostly old movies. I couldn't resist buying SOMETHING since they were sold for 3 tapes for $ 10.00. What a deal, as Eddie Murphy said. I came across a film I had heard of for years but had never seen: John Cassavettes' OPENING NIGHT (1977). Well, I certainly wanted him to be a fan of Gena Rowlands, and I had heard that this movie contained one of his best performances. He also had FACES (1968). I saw it about 20 years ago, a time when I probably didn't have enough life experiences to really appreciate it. And I wanted to take advantage of the deal, so I took it too. My other choice was CLAIRE'S KNEE (1970). <br /> <br /> When I returned home, I decided to put aside the work I had planned to do so that I could watch OPENING NIGHT. I was totally fascinated by this movie. He focuses on Myrtle Gordon (Gena Rowlands), a famous theater and screen actress, who, while out of town previews, is having personal and professional problems to come to terms with her character and the theme of the game in the face of aging . After a test, an avid fan and a autograph hound light it up with the cries (and tears) of "I love you! I love you!" A few minutes later, this fan is hit by a car and killed. Thus began the descent of Myrtle in itself, where she must face her own fears of aging, the future of her career as a mature actress and the inadequacies she finds in the play itself (written by a much older playwright, played by Joan Blondell) . Throughout the film, he sees the dead girl, an obvious symbol of his past; he drinks almost constantly; and receives insincere support from his director (Ben Gazzara), from the producer (Paul Stewart), from his costar (the same John Cassavettes) and from the playwright. In fact, they are more worried about how his behavior will affect them and their careers: the lines on stage, the improvisation of new beats, generally on stage, and the arrival of the totally drunk Broadway opening. <br /> <br /> This story works not only to address the problems of aging, but also to promote Cassavettes' displeasure with traditional film production. While watching the film, I was sometimes surprised, confused, amused, scornful, but eventually involved, entertained and satisfied. The Cassavettes really did have a great sense of humor, they worried a lot that her audience understood what it was insinuating and wanted them to be emotionally involved in the story. He makes allusions to ALL ABOUT EVE with the use of greedy theater fans, even dressing the girl in a cap and hat similar to the one worn by Anne Baxter at the beginning of that movie. This allusion obviously works to support his aging theme, the contrast of the older and younger woman. Of course he also uses the contrast as a symbol for Myrtle that addresses his lost youth. At first, I felt that the symbolism was TOO obvious, but then I realized that that was Cassavettes intention. He does not want his audience to misunderstand what he is getting; if they did, it would interfere with their emotional involvement. This specter of young people pursues Myrtle, attacks her and wants to destroy her. Myrtle eventually "kills" her, but before she can really deal with herself and recite it, she must reach the bottom (another figurative death?). So Cassavettes makes them so drunk that he can't walk and has to crawl into his dressing room the night the game opens on Broadway. Rising on its own (helping oneself by such situations is also important for the film's theme) and making the game a success by giving a great performance and changing the direction of the game for the better by improvising so that it contains a ray of hope for the character getting older. These scenes are fun and interesting. Cassavettes and Rowlands actually acted in front of a live audience, which did and didn't know they would be part of a movie. The game they are playing also acts as a contrast: it is mainstream and self-serious about the problems it faces, that is until Myrtle changes its epilogue. In this way, it also improves the work of its co-protagonists. The natural evolution of interaction (achieved through improvisation) between and between human beings, subjective realism and universal truth - these were Cassavettes' concerns in making films. <br /> <br /> Gena Rowlands is incredible in everything. Of course, she has that pretty face, and the Cassavettes (notoriously in love with her during their marriage) treat us to numerous close-ups so that we can also feel her emotions and know what's going on inside her. It makes you worry so much about this character that you want to see it come out of this crisis of the soul. And this is what draws your attention to the execution time of 2 hours and 30 minutes. The film is deliberately punctuated at times and requires constant attention, but all those interested in good film and acting will be rewarded. Someone else said that this is a movie for people who love movies. All others will be warned. <br /> <br /> Search for the NIGHT OPENING if you've never seen it. All of them are excellent, and it's one of Cassavettes best films.
