*** on **** <br /> <br /> Yes! Dressed To Kill is that kind of movie. It's like Kalifornia, but it's different. Remember? That 1993 movie that sees Brad Pitt as a serial killer who is "welcomed" by a couple of travelers on a trip to California as a friend who could be a good company along the way. When I watch a movie, I always like to know nothing about the plot, before looking at it, because the surprises could become even more beautiful. That's how it was with Kalifornia. When I first saw it last year, I never realized it was a suspense movie, so when I found out, I was shocked, and when the movie went on and on, it got better and I was on the edge of my place, almost kissing my monitor, so close to it I was! So, we're talking about Dressed To Kill, right? Before seeing this movie (today!), I only saw 2 other films by Brian De Palma, so I can say that I don't know his work very well, but I can tell from afar that these 2 films were for me as far as they could . Carrie (1976) and Mission: Impossible (1996). When I was watching Carrie on TV, I was really desperate to get a copy of a DVD and I can say: this movie is fantastic! Mission: impossible too. And today I saw a third DePalma film. <br /> <br /> Well, Dressed To Kill is a movie like Kalifornia. When the film goes on, it becomes completely different from what you would expect. I was looking, very curious, at the museum scene, where Dickinson follows the mysterious man to his taxi and they end up together in an apartment. You can guess what may have happened there. But when the film reached the elevator scene, the film went completely on a different path. I was watching the rest of the movie, and I really liked it. However, there are some low points ... Some characters in the film are completely silent! Take, for example, the mysterious man of the museum scene. I always hoped he could say something but he never did! This was totally ridiculous and it was undoubtedly something that made me change my mind by not accepting this film at least as something almost a masterpiece. Even in the taxi scene, where Dickinson tries to apologize for what happened in the museum, the completely silent man grabs her, drags her into the taxi and starts kissing. You know, it reminded me of the 70's Mexican television series "El Chavo Del 8", in which some characters are completely silent. Overcoming these low points of the film, it is actually a great film, considering the suspense, the characters and the plot. Dennis Franz is beautiful as detective Marino! He reminded me of Captain Carmine Lorenzo in Die Hard 2 (1990), where he plays almost the same type of character. <br /> <br /> Well, concluding this review, the Dressed To Kill finale is the same ending that is in Carrie! I don't know if I liked it very much, because I hate imitations! I understand that Carrie is a DePalma film, so it's not really an imitation, because after all it was his idea! But it became a repetitive idea in Dressed To Kill, so DePalma could have done something different instead of showing Nancy Allen waking up from a bad dream the same way it happens to Amy Irving at Carrie's final scene. This was, undoubtedly, another low point. But if you go beyond this, you will find that Dressed To Kill is a really beautiful film, and I assure you that it is not a waste of time to look at it.
