I just finished watching Dressed to Kill, which is written and directed by Brian De Palma. The DVD had both the "R" version and the unrated version. I chose the unrated version. I have yet to see the "R" version, I can't be completely sure of the difference. There is however a very graphic female nudity that includes a scene of explicit self-gratification in this version. I guess you can call this scene soft core porn.if this kind of thing could offend you, I'd suggest you see the version with the "R" but the digresses. Any comment from here on refers to the unrated version. This is a mysterious / psychological horror / suspense film murder. There is very little violence and blood. However, this is a sequence of death of note. The act of killing itself is quite graphic. In any case, the blood itself does not seem real. I believe this is done deliberately to compensate for the violence of the act itself, to give a scene to the sense of budget. Most of the violence, or rather the possibility of this, is implicit. The film is very well set. As far as I can tell, every scene had a purpose, which I find very rare compared to many of today's films. however, I also thought acting was good, especially Angie Dickinson. and Micheal Cane turns into a fairly discreet performance in his role, which works brilliantly in this case. The film also has a big turning point in it, in my mind, although some people might find it predictable. The only complaint (and it is really more of an observation) than I have is that I thought that the character played by Nancy Allen could have been more detailed, especially considering that she has a good deal of time on the screen. she thinks she does a good job with what she is given. And this does not really detract from the quality of the film. The film also has a strong moral, which is even more relevant today. But the movie didn't even hit your head with it. I also really liked the musical score, composed by Pino Dinaggioi, he felt that it was very similar to the music in the original Psycho. For me, this music has really elevated the film. I thought this movie was brilliant. for me, Dressed to Kill (1980) is 10/10
