May contain minor spoilers. <br /> <br /> Dressed to Kill, after seeing him for the first time the other day, is a film with some formidable sequences, some decent performances and a beautiful, though obvious reproach by Hitchcock, a twist at the end . It is simply a pity that certain things, quite obvious, prevent it from being a classic. <br /> <br /> Dressed to Kill speaks of the mystery of a killer who killed at least two women (could have been more but the film never tells us), and the search for the killer by three people: a intelligent child whose mother was a victim, a vivacious prostitute of whom only the creator can identify the murderer, and a psychiatrist whose patient was the mother of the intelligent and slave child. There are a number of well-performed shows including Nancy Allen as prostitute Liz, Angie Dickenson as the sexually frustrated victim Kate Miller, and Micheal Caine as Dr. Rober Elliot whose most hidden meets the eye; although none of these standards is truly exceptional. On the other hand, Denis Franz, who will later be a great character on the same line as the successful NYPD Blue show, is as embarrassing as an exaggerated, ruthless and detestable detective, even if it takes a short time on the screen so as not to damage films so much . Keith Gordon, the brain child, is decent, but it's almost too smart to be credible. <br /> <br /> What most attacks me most in the film are the tension sequences. The scene with the sexually frustrated mother at the museum is compelling and well done, as is the next sequence leading to her premature death. I also love the sequence in the doctor's surgery, which reveals the identity of the killer, which makes the whole film come together immediately. And there is a split screen scene that I thought was almost classic. There is still another situation in which Liz is on a train, fleeing from what could be the killer, who is taken in directions that she should never have with almost embarrassing racist stereotypes. As a thriller it is tense and quite often credible. As a dramatic crime it often falters, especially with the incomplete and ridiculous explanation of everything that happened in the end. There is also a useless and too long dream sequence at the end where they had the audacity to hit someone's foot for what seemed like a minute at a time. This was an up and down experience; a scene will strike me with heart and mind with enticement, and my neighbor would make me squirm and ask why. At over 100 minutes this could have been under 90 and been a better movie. <br /> <br /> Fans of scary movies should appreciate this. It's still a better movie than most of today's slash movies. Maybe it was a better movie in his time, but as soon as I saw it recently I can say that I enjoy it, and it's worth watching my three favorite scenes by myself.
