Dressed to Kill begins with Kate Miller (Angie Dickinson) with a sexually explicit nightmare, later that day she visits her psychiatrist Dr. Robert Elliott (Michael Caine) for a session in which she admits she is sexually frustrated and dissatisfied in her current marriage. Kate visits a museum and picks up a stranger, they return to her apartment to have casual sex, when Kate is ready to go but is attacked and killed in the elevator of the buildings by a razor blade wielding a blonde woman. The prostitute Liz Blake (Nancy Allen) discovers the gruesome scene and sees the murderer but manages to escape. Detective Marino (Dennis Franz) says he suspects that Liz is the murderer because there are no other witnesses so Liz joins Kate's son Peter (Keith Gordon) to track down the real murderer, clarify Liz's name and see that justice is done ... <br /> <br /> Written and directed by Brian De Palma, I thought Dressed to Kill was a good mystery of psychological murder. The script is measured and slow at times, but he likes to focus on the character so he really knows them, the first twenty minutes are just the development of Kate as a character before she is suddenly killed, then the film changes her attentions to Liz and no one else takes a look. In this way Dressed to Kill is quite engaging and engaging, unfortunately the characters themselves are not exactly funny. Sometimes I found some pretty funny dialogues, especially the dirty chatter that Liz occasionally throws. The killers' reasons are somehow plausible, but I imagine you should be messed up enough to do anything suggested in Dressed to Kill. It's a good movie but it didn't thrill me much and I didn't find any characters to root for or how. The film focuses on a useless and useless twist that ends with not really seeing the point. <br /> <br /> The director De Palma directs with style and visual style, from the sequence of the art museum to a car chase and how overall he is filmed impeccably. I imagine that every scene in Dressed to Kill has put us in mind. Sometimes I thought the film was a bit flat and uninspired, but none of it really turned me on. There is a lot of nudity, a bit of sex and rape along with a few pieces of blood and violence, Kate's murder by razor blade in the elevator is the highlight, if that's the right word. However, it is not at all so shocking or controversial if viewed today as many would have us believe. <br /> <br /> With an estimated budget of around $ 6,500,000, Dressed to Kill has that sleek, high-value atmosphere of a Hollywood movie. The locations in New York are beautiful, the cinematography is good and overall is extremely well done. I thought music was inappropriate and very loud and intrusive. The acting is OK but, despite his better billing, I didn't think Caine had so much time on the screen. Allen was married to director De Palma at the time Dressed to Kill was released, and it is interesting to note that of the four films in which De Palma appeared in two, this and Blow Out (1981), has it chosen as a prostitute. A double body has been used for Dickinson as she takes a shower in the beginning. <br /> <br /> Dressed to Kill is a good thriller that is worth watching but I didn't think it was realistic enough or high reputation. Good but not brilliant.
