Dressed to Kill understandably caused an uproar when it was released in 1980: you had "Police Girl" in a role that was mega-erotic, as Angie Dicknson played a sexually frustrated housewife in search of good times in all the wrong museums (and there in the apartment elevators), in addition to Nancy Allen as a girl called, Michael Caine as Norman Bates's sophisticated New York cousin, and enough filthy images to last two films of the period. Today it is slightly less incriminating for the standards and so, even if the unrated version has some of the most "hot" contents of any De Palma film, at least in its quasi-auteur period of the 70s and early 80s, where themes seemed to repeat themselves over and over again, ideas taken off the Hitchcock classics and give a crazy turn. It's a simple story that has already been seen in part in Sisters, and then again in Body Double, and also in Blow Out. Cutie Allen plays the girl named Liz Blake, who must erase her name from the suspicion of killing Kate ( Dickinson, in full "MILF" mode, after being found with a razor, the murder weapon of Dr. Elliott's office (Michael Caine, most of the way the performance is cold). <br /> <br /> From the beginning, which De Palma seems to be doing as a way to create a dangerous sexual fantasy scene as a way to overcome the opening scene of Carrie (which, perhaps, only makes in terms of editing), we get a series of technical knock-out turns through the point of view of the style itself: the tracking shots in the museum, designed to arouse more interest in the process itself, to follow and want to be followed, of any kind of voltage; the chase through the subway (a precursor of Carlito's Way) is done with a precise level of suspense, meanwhile, with a bit of exploitation thrown into the black band; the character of Peter, the son of Kate (Keith Gordon), who plays what is essentially a younger version of real life De Palma as a kid (passionate about science, obsessed with Hitchcock and voyeurism). And it's all fun and fascinating as something that comes close to a true synthesis of what makes De Palma's thrillers so unique despite being so confident about a fearless way of making movies. <br /> <br /> On the other hand, that same self-awareness has ended up biting the director back down a few times in the last few years, and somehow in Dressed to Kill it starts to get very irregular and disappointing as the history must wrap. As the Psycho themes come together even more in appearance (the man who wants to change sex, does not even think that he is killing as he * is * doing it), there is an exhibition scene in the police station that does the aforementioned The hitchhiking film seems a surprising psychological revelation. And the final scenes at Peter's house, which painfully recall a much more complete sequence in Carrie, are designed for a manipulation that De Palma is also asking for; especially the final shot, even if a master's lesson on how to copy yourself. Yet there is a very unbalanced and, in itself, perfect scene in the psychiatric hospital, in the midst of this confusing epilogue, where the doctor works a bit on a nurse, to whom all the other prisoners behave like animals in a zoo, and an overhead shoot up and down the scene is one of the best shots of sexual / general perversion ever captured in the movie. A pity therefore that the film ends up in such a strange and disturbing way, where up to then it is a remarkable pulp film, where the class is all about the technical aspects (soft lighting, apparently so simple complicated machine movements) among the topics that should be found in the mix of paperbacks for 25 cents. It is not a masterpiece, but I would certainly take almost all the director's recent thrillers.
