This is a suspenseful masterpiece by Brian De Palma with incredible performances around! It's extremely suspenseful, and often scary, and the score is fantastic, plus all the characters were fantastic. Yes, it does take Psycho a lot, but it's still a brilliantly made horror / thriller, with a fantastic opening and a shocking and unpredictable ending! This is without doubt one of the best horror / thriller I've ever seen, and the elevator scene is one of the most memorable scenes ever, plus Michael Caine is simply great at that! The ending is excellent, and the hospital scene towards the end is absolutely terrifying, plus the twist has shocked me. He never failed to insinuate himself, and the stalk sequences are absolutely brilliant, in addition to Nancy Allen and Keith Gordon they had a fantastic chemistry together! This is a suspenseful masterpiece by Brian De Palma, with incredible performances around! The management is amazing! Brian De Palma does an incredible job here, with a fantastic camera work, incredible angles, fantastic use of colors, fantastic zoom and zoom magnifications in POV and keeping the movie at a very fast pace !. There is some blood. We get bloody stabs, stab wounds, bloody gunshot wounds and 2 bloody slits. Acting is amazing! Michael Caine is INCREDIBLE here, he is incredible in the acting department, creepy, he is very nice, he was mysterious, and actually he did just a great job overall I loved him! (Rules of Caine!). Angie Dickinson offers a memorable show here, and it was very nice, and she had good chemistry with Caine. Nancy Allen is GORGEOUS BEAUTIFUL, and she's fantastic here, she's extremely nice like the prostitute, she had an excellent chemistry with Keith Gordon and performed an exceptional show! Keith Gordon is as good as the boy, he had an excellent chemistry with Nancy Allen and was very nice! Dennis Franz is good as a detective. Overall, this is without doubt one of the best horror films ever made, and I say throw away what you are doing immediately and go see it! ***** on 5
