In France, it is considered polite by French critics to genuflect themselves at the seemingly cohesive chain of films that Brian De Palma left behind him. However, a good part of his films are marked by "mammoth" effects "Carrie" (1976), "The Fury" (1978) "Scarface" (1983) without mentioning his loans by Hitchcock. Here, in "Dressed to Kill ", it is impossible not to think of" Vertigo "(1958) for the long sequence in the museum, while the key moment in the elevator inevitably suggests the anthological shower sequence in" Psycho "(1960). Concerning our film in question , I do not want to revive the old debate: does De Palma care about Hitchcock? Instead, I would tend to be generous and classify "Dressed to Kill" in the category of De Palma winners alongside "Sisters" (1973) and "Obssession" (1976) With some reservations and those I mentioned earlier that feed the quarrel between the angry De Palma fans and their detractors. <br /> <br /> If there is one thing certain in "Dressed to Kill" that can to generate a general agreement among cinema lovers, is the virtuosity of De Palma in the director, Man he goes about his camera just like a filmmaker should. Its sophisticated camera works brilliantly fueling the suspense that involves an increase in tension and an uncomfortable aura. The audience is easily pasted in front of the screen. This is aided by the use of numerous long silent sequences during which everything depends on looks and gestures. Among other things, in "Psycho", there were also long silent and suspicious parts ... <br /> <br /> But the main drawback to De Palma's 1980 vintage is that the quality of the plot does not can be found and seems to be a reworking of many formal and malicious ingredients related to an incalculable number of murder stories. The prostitute is the only witness to the crime. Then, she is suspected by the police and must act alone (with a little help from the victim's son from the scene in the subway onwards) to track down the murderer and prove his innocence. Apart from the fact that De Palma uses a type of character that for once is not at all degraded, it is a menu that smells like heating. And the director ends his film on a sequence that echoes the original one. Yes, it is superbly filmed, but when you discover its true function, it is calculated: "it is almost free filler". Perhaps De Palma wanted to lengthen his film over an hour and a half when at that moment the viewer knows (and even before) who the murderer is. <br /> <br /> The two central springs in the series of De Palma's themes articulate depends on manipulation and voyeurism. This last theme is well present in "Dressed to Kill" from the first scene onwards, which makes the film almost a soft porn movie. And the director is not afraid to film his actress and wife Nancy Allen in his underwear. I find his approach to this topic rather doubtful. But perhaps the first sequence was designed to be a mirror of the viewer and De Palma wanted to shake his left side. <br /> <br /> I don't want to belittle De Palma's work at all. His prestigious directorial work that involves a communicative treatment for the cinema redeems the global weakness of history and its doubtful aspects. Twenty-six years later, the controversy it has caused among film-goers is not ready to subside.
