Kate Miller (Angie Dickinson) is having problems in her marriage and otherwise - enough to see a psychologist. When her promiscuity puts her in trouble, it also involves a third person, Liz Blake (Nancy Allen), who is enveloped in an investigation to discover the identity of a psychological killer. <br /> <br /> Dressed to Kill is a little important historically. It is one of the first examples of a contemporary style of thriller that at the time of this writing has extensions up to Hide and Seek (2005). It is strange then that director Brian De Palma is practically trying to rock Hitchcock. For example, De Palma literally raises parts of Vertigo (1958) for the infamous Dressed to Kill museum scene. Kill's shower scenes, as well as his villain and method of death have similarities to Psycho (1960). De Palma also employs a prominent soundtrack with recurring motifs in the style of Hitchcock's favorite composer, Bernard Herrmann. The similarities do not end there. <br /> <br /> But De Palma, both by chance and skill, manages to make an oblique turn, or perhaps transcend, his influence, with Dressed to Kill which has an attitude, a structure and flow that has been influential. Perhaps partly due to this influence, Dressed to Kill is also deeply flawed when viewed at this time. Countless successive directors have taken their De Palo as Hitchcock and refined it, improving almost every element, so now looked after, after 25 years of influenced thrillers, much of Dressed to Kill seems agonizing, structurally clumsy and inept at the plot. <br /> <br /> An aspect of the film that unfortunately has not been improved is the sex and nude scenes of Dressed to Kill. Both Dickinson and Allen treat us with a frontal nudity (Allen's from a very square angle), and De Palma has persistent throws on Dickinson's breasts, strongly implied masturbation and more visceral sex scenes than are usually found in contemporary films. A lot of scenes come close to soft-core porn. I'm not a fan of modesty, on the contrary. I am disturbed by the puritanical, monogamous and protected attitude of our culture towards sex and nudity. So, from my point of view, it is regrettable that Dressed to Kill's emphasis on meat and its pleasures is one of the few aspects in which others have not followed the movie carefully or disavowed. Perhaps it was desired, but they were not allowed to follow suit because of cultural controls by conservative padded shirts. <br /> <br /> The direction of De Palma's cinematography and the staging of some scenes are also quite good enough to make something in the same style better than De Palma does. He has a strange and characteristic approach to close-ups, and is fond of shots from interesting angles, such as views from above and tracing similar to James Whale through distant cracks in the sets. Obviously later the directors were more opulent, but it's hard to say they were better. For film productions, at least, the museum scene is remarkable in its ability to create a very subtle tension on a fallen glove and one or two glances as it follows Kate through the intertwined cubes of the Metropolitan Museum of Art. <Br /> <br / > On the other hand, from a point of view attentive to history, and especially if one expects to watch a thriller, everything through the museum scene and a little further on may seem too slow and silly. Because of his removal from the main genre of the film and his main concern for the director's wit (as well as the cultural facts external to the film), the opening seems like a not perfectly integrated attempt to titillate and be bold. Once the first murder occurs, things get better, but due to the final influence of the film, much of the improvement now seems a little obvious and occasionally hokey. <br /> <br /> The performances are mostly good, even if Michael Caine is underutilized, and Dickinson has to quit earlier than we would like (but the release is necessary and very effective). Dressed to Kill is at least able to maintain your interest until the end, but due to facts not contained in the photo itself, it is not exactly aged well. At this point it is perhaps better to watch the film primarily as a historical relic and as an example - but not the best, even for that era - of some of De Palma's styles of directing.
