I just finished watching The Groove Tube, which I saw for the first time about 23 years ago, when I was a teenager, spending time spending the night watching HBO with my brother and his best friend. We had also seen Animal House shortly before, so we saw two films that played in a SNL student and had bare breasts. Fortunately, our parents slept all the time! However, in this film there have been many strange and amusing things that were eye-opener like the Brown 25 sequence of the Uranus Industries advertisement ("with the taste of beef stew" says the announcer as seemingly human droppings they come out of a white tube Ewww!) or the face of the puppet that talks about VD (a scrotum with a small penis with glued eyes). Chevy Chase and Richard Belzer made their film debut here. Chase is hilarious whether he makes a scene of Geritan with a woman who is undressing, who has the hands to have sex in a commercial of "Let Fingers Do It", whether he sings "Four Leaf Clover" with the co-writer / director Ken Shapiro drumming his hands on his head. Belzer teams up with Shapiro in the movie "The Dealers" and on "Channel One Evening News", with a savage piece that sees Belzer as a black prostitute looking for tricks on journalist Ken playing Lionel here. "Lionel, it looks like a train that I'm going to drive like a Choo-Choo!" Other outrageous pieces include "The Koko Show" with Shipiro as a clown presenter who, after ordering the "people over ten" to leave the room, reads his viewers' requests as "Fanny Hill" passes! Or what about the Olympics segment with a German couple making love announced by two men (one of them Spanish) as they become explicit while "Please Stand By" continues to break on the screen! Or the animated segment of "The Dealers" which depicts the dancing after Shapiro has ingested marijuana! Not everything is so dirty. In addition to the "Four Leaf Clover" scene, in the end there is a very entertaining musical segment with Ken synchronizing his lips with his recording of "Just You, Just Me" while dancing with suit and briefcase around the city with occasional a policeman (co writer Lane Sarasohn). So, in summary, this is a strangely funny film that seemed to influence other similar films (Tunnelvision, Kentucky Fried Movie) and maybe Saturday Night Live (which made Chevy the first star of the show) and, despite some dated elements, can still have fun today. Post scriptum While I enjoyed listening to "Move On Up" by Curtis Mayfield during the gorilla start / dancers start sequence, I wondered what was the point of the hitchhiker's sequence and the woman who lifted it, making them escape from the car, stripping the run, and then have the naked man get caught by the policeman who stopped on the road. I guess it's one of those streaks of the 70s ...
