You know what they say about the 70s ... if you remember them you weren't there. One of the few things I remember from the 1970s was the very first hippy and hip social satire, seen from a totally "underground" or counter-cultural perspective ... The Groove Tube. If the humor seems faded or faded now for some viewers, it can only be because a lot has happened in the last 30 years and the comedy is no longer "fresh" ... but hey! When this movie came out it was the first ... and some of these skits were made for the first time ... at a time when Nixon was in charge, the Vietnam war was raging, the sexual revolution was in full swing. .and J.Edgar Hoover was still in command of the FBI. This is a film made before the Watergate broke and as such was one of the first to take a big leap to the institute ... to tease and hippie at the same time. And frankly, some sketches are still dead fun. If you liked "Up In Smoke" by Cheech and Chong, you will love this movie. <br /> <br /> If you want to know what the 70s were like, get off at Groove Tube .. if you liked the Oscar-winning "Network", more or less the same year, he thought it was right in line with his wild appearance on TV, you will come out of the Groove Tube ... which takes up the theme but plays from the angle of the spectators ... & Harriet "Leave it to Beaver", Father knows better, my three children .. Happy days ... so imagine our joy when those of us who were experimenting with new lifestyles saw a sending of the box as seen from our point of view! The commercials of the company of Uranus alone are priceless ... "Good things come from Uranus" ... and the sudden break from the film straight into Fritz Cat-like animation when hippies eat grass it's still one of the best sequels in and for the sanity I've ever seen in a movie. <br /> <br /> If you liked the Kentucky Fried Movie, you will love this movie. And if you've ever wondered why your strange Uncle Harold still has an evil glow in his eyes when he thinks back to college days ... this would be the perfect movie to watch. <br /> <br /> Take it for what it is ... a memory of the times ... and a small impertinent film that will help us all forget the 70s to remember them again.
