"Once upon a time there was a fascinating land called France ... People lived happy then: women were easy and men allowed themselves their favorite pastime: war, the only recreation of kings that people could enjoy" . The war in question was the Seven Years War, and when it was noticed that there were more corpses of soldiers than soldiers, the recruiters were sent to replenish the ranks. <br /> <br /> And so it was that Fanfan (Gerard Philipe), caught dropping a peasant's daughter into a haystack, escaping the marriage by enlisting in the Regiment d'Aquitane ... but only by believing first to his future as foretold by a gypsy, who will conquer fame and fortune in His Majesty's uniform and marry the King's daughter. Alas, Adeline (Gina Lollobrigida) is not a gypsy but the daughter of the regiment recruiting sergeant. <br /> <br /> When Fanfan loads the recruits, with the saber in hand to save a carriage under attack, who should be inside but the Marquise du Pompadour and ... the king's daughter. He is now convinced that he will marry high, despite the extremely low-cut shirts Adeline wears. In turn, he will soon discover his love for Fanfan. We are in the midst of an irreverent film about the fate of Fanfan, the booming adventures of a sword-fighting villain and a thief. There are escapes from hangings, sword fights on tiled roofs, crazy battles, romantic getaways and more fun than you can imagine. What Fanfan lacks in lucidity compensates him with irreverence and enthusiasm. He is a fast swordsman and a lover who speaks quickly, but with a faith so naive in his destiny and an optimistic nature, how can we not like him? <br /> <br /> Gerard Philipe was an iconic actor on stage and on screen (which Francois Truffaut constantly denied in the pages of Cahiers du Cinema). He did most of his stunts. He was handsome, athletic, graceful and charismatic. The men admired him and the women dreamed of him. He died at 36, seven years after Fanfan, of liver cancer. All of France has cried. Gina Lollobrigida as Adeline holds his. It's not those low-cut blouses that play it. She is acute, passionate, not entirely innocent and of no fool. <br /> <br /> Fanfan Tulipe sings only with infinite satirical action, pointed situations and good nature. Not to mention an amusing and immature dialogue. After Adeline has taken steps to save Fanfan from hanging, he meets the king in his private quarters. "Give me your cute hand," he says. "But my heart belongs to Fanfan," says Adeline. "Who asks for your heart?" says the king: "All that I ask is a small pleasure". "I'm a suitable girl," says Adeline. The king says: "You owe my esteem to your merits, you love Fanfan, then you thank me, my whims allow you to show the greatest proof of your love, betraying for him the loyalty you swore to him". This is smart and fun. <br /> <br /> Jean-Luc Godard, Francois Truffaut and the rest of the New Wave band tended to hate popular films as mere amusements (and personalize their attacks). Fanfan la Tulipe and its director, Christian-Jacques, were among their main goals. They probably missed Fanfan's point, which is a very funny satire on the uselessness of armies and war. It would have been better if it seemed like making films of anguish that only fellow filmmakers could appreciate. Fortunately, some of them, Truffaut and Chabrol, for example, have overcome this childlike condescension and have come to recognize that a good movie is a good film, like the masses or just the cognoscenti. An intelligent person who enjoys movies can appreciate any, if the films are well made. Those who are content with a film based on its degree of popularity are self-degrading like those who boast of never having read Harry Potter. <br /> <br /> Jean-Luc Godard, eat your heart. Viva Fanfan!
