This is the last of four reckless from France that I planned for the vision during this Christmas period: the others (in order of vision) were without inspiration THE BLACK TULIP (1964, by the same director as this but not so good), l 'Oscar of the surprisingly effective LADY (1979, which had originated as Japanese manga!) And the splendid CARTOUCHE (1962). Actually, I saw him a little while ago on Italian late-night TV and I remembered not being particularly enthusiastic about it, so much so that I was genuinely surprised by how much I liked this time (also bearing in mind the disconcerting lack of enthusiasm shown towards the film here and elsewhere when it was announced for the first time on DVD by Criterion). <br /> <br /> Incidentally, FANFAN LA TULIPE has quite a bit in common with the aforementioned CARTOUCHE: not only cast and crew members (producers Georges Dancigers and Alexandre Mnouchkine, director of photography Christian Matras , the actor Noel Roquevert) but also the plot? in fact, the hero is a womanizing soldier (the Cartiglio of Jean-Paul Belmondo had also had a brief military spell) that is loved by a fiery girl (in this case, Gypsy Gina Lollobrigida) while he is obsessed by an impossible love (here , is none other than the king's daughter)! As in the next film, also Fanfan (an ideal cast Gerard Philipe who, ironically, is so full of life here that he finds it hard to believe he would have been hit by cancer within 7 years) is joined by two fun loving and cowardly men (one of them is actually his superior officer and the heroine's father) and opposed by an unscrupulous figure within his own ranks (Roquevert's aging, with which the hero engages in a duel on the roof since he too has loving designs on the gypsy girl! for the record, Lollobrigida will rejoin Philippe in his next film, the romantic romantic fantasy of René Clair LES BELLES DE NUIT (1952). <br /> <br /> FANFAN proved a great box office success in his homeland and also won a surprising (but well-deserved) Best Director award at Cannes on films best known as AN American IN Paris (1951 ), DETECTIVE STORY (1951), OTELLO, UMBERTO D. and VIVA ZAPATA! In fact, its popularity has guaranteed its re-release in a colorful computer version (presumably for the benefit of viewers who would not touch a black and white product with a ten foot pole) and the DVD Criterion itself contains a sample from this variant; Being obviously a title in a foreign language, there is also the dubious choice of a soundtrack in English, but, even if these were not particularly painful to take into consideration, when everything was said and done, there is simply no no substitute for the original! <br /> <br /> FANFAN LA TULIPE (nickname given to the hero by a young Genevieve Page like the famous Madame De Pompadour) contains as much comedy as (predictable) action and romance; while some may find this overwhelming, I disagree that I liked the clearly satirical narrative and, overall, this combination is comparable to that of Jerzy Skolimowski, equally funny LE AVVENTURE DI GERARD (1970). That said, the sword fights here are extraordinarily strong for an essentially carefree enterprise (in particular a brawl in the woods and ambush in a convent) and the film itself rather adult sometimes (with numerous allusions to sexuality and vulgar language adopted everywhere) when viewed in front of the vintage Hollywood style as I did now; the culminating point, therefore, is quite ingenious: the enemy forces (who, amused, are forced to speak in overflowing mutterings!) are exhausted by our heroic trio alone, to the astonishment of the king who, as interpreted by Marcel Herrand ?? known for his role as leader of the Parisian underworld in CHILDREN OF PARADISE (1945) by Marcel Carne ?? it's a bit of a lecher. <br /> <br /> P.S. An Italian television channel has threatened to project Christian-Jaque's promising CHAMPAGNE FOR SAVAGES (1964) for months but, despite programming three times (with an attempt of a quarter scheduled for next week), they have yet to show it; even so, I have three more of his films in my non-retired VHS stack (equally selected from late-night Italian TV screenings): the three-hour epic LA CHARTREUSE DE PARME (1948, with Gerard Philippe), THE SECOND TWIN (1967) and THE LEGEND OF FRENCHIE KING (1971, with Brigitte Bardot and Claudia Cardinale).
