One of the greatest westerns of all time! But this, unlike many others, has nothing to do with nature, horses, shootings, etc., but instead deals with a gun, the Winchester '73, and how this gun influences others and how they do it . A gun is not a living, breathing, human being right? You may be inclined to believe that it is not. But he seems to have his own mind, for two very similar reasons: in the end he returns to the rightful owner, even if for all the rest of the photo, his unexpected "owners" do their best to make sure he is not, and never seems be happy until he returns to his original owner, so, by chance, the unexpected "owners" always seem to lose him somehow or be killed trying to protect him and keep him, until he returns to James Stewart, so he's "content". But not all owners deserve to have it. Stewart obviously won it since he won it. McNally doesn't, since he had to be a dirty thief and steal it. Drake certainly doesn't, because he would probably lose it in some poker game, and besides, Drake is too cowardly to fight, so why should he have a unique rifle if he wouldn't even use it? Duryea does not, because he is just a giggling maniac, and we all know that laughter maniacs don't deserve guns. This film has a kind of noir that only westerns can have, like the Ox-Bow incident. Westerners have their kind of noir, very different from the Bogart films of the 1930s and 40s. It is, without a doubt, the best of all five Westerns by Stewart-Mann, although my favorite is "Bend of the River". The other four became very different from this. I don't think it's a coincidence to see that the other four were in color, and this is in black and white. This is because of the edge of the noir. All five films have had revenge and Stewart's dark past starred in the film, to the point that this is not just Stewart's dark side, but actually a sort of character, not one to be included in the credits. , but one that you can only recognize and know that it is there, always present. However, this, not only for revenge and the dark past, but also in terms of supreme danger, and characters that were very different from Stewart, outweigh the other four in all respects. But Stewart never exceeds the line. However, it makes the line between light and dark. This is why black and white played such a fundamental role in the film. They could all have been in black and white, or they could all have been colored. But this is in black and white, and the other four are in color, and there's a good reason for that.
