The imposing figures of Wyatt Earp and Bat Masterson, and the ghosts of George Armstrong Custer and Sitting Bull, hang over the great western of the director Anthony Mann with James Stewart. Although Stewart's quest to avenge his father's murder is the main story, Winchester '73 is truly a comprehensive piece, with the homonymous thousand-dollar firearm passing into the hands of many colorful owners, including which an ironic merchant (John McIntire, in particular a great one) and outlawed Dan Duryea, who is even more despicable than usual. The confusion between fiction and film history produces a brisk rhythm and an ambivalent tone brilliantly in step with Mann's compact and rigorous film production. His themes of psychological agitation and dictation of the past are at the base of this long history of good and bad men who pursue a mythical pistol, but emerge clearly in a vignette on the cowardice of a husband and failed attempt of expiation, and are defined in the conversations by Stewart with partner Millard Mitchell. The use of the Mann environment is what sets it apart from other Western filmmakers. Instead of looking at the views from afar, he incorporates them into the drama as characters that redirect, complicate or evoke the goals of human characters. Just as mountains, caves and rapids had to be explained in The Naked Spur, a firefight occurs between the rocks and the boulders of a small mountain, a physical obstruction that fatally determines the role of winner and victim between two expert sharpshooters. (I would be negligent in not recognizing the contribution of cinematographer William H. Daniels, in particular his superlative day-to-night, open-air photography.) Not just a skilled businessman, Mann presents an equally image vivid of Dodge City, guarded by Wyatt Earp, mainly through multi-tiered staging in scale. The shooting competition does not depend on sudden machine changes or nervous cuts due to the fact that Mann instinctively knows where to position the camera and how to move it to display the maximum density of information in a given shot. Nor does it matter to reveal the plot in dialogue, based on the eyes of the actors or on a well-chosen image to convey the stakes. One scene in particular serves to explain his attitude: Mitchell tells the motivation of Stewart to Shelley Winters, which is interrupted by the climatic shooting that soon reveals everything. Light without feeling inconsistent, intense without being intrusive, Winchester '73 looks more modern than its contemporaries and is a joy to admire.
