A new creative team emerged in 1950 when the brilliant actor James Stewart collaborated with the equally brilliant director Anthony Mann to make a series of westerns that helped define that genre for the future. Until then, Stewart was primarily known for an aw..aw..aw approach to family-oriented comedies, dramas, and novels. Not that he wasn't already a talented Hollywood star. One of his best film performances ever and one of the best for anyone on celluloid was Macaulay "Mike" Connor, a sarcastic writer for a tabloid shit in "The Philadelphia Story". He had even done westerns before. His timid yet expert pistol portrait shot at Thomas Jefferson Destry Jr. in the western comedy "Destry Rides Again" helped make that movie a classic. But for most movie goers it was the American kind of American boyscout Mr. Smith or George Bailey. There was rarely a dark side to the characters he played. <br /> <br /> Anthony Mann has been associated with the B series films in the film's noir mode. "Raw Deal", "Side Street" and "T-Men" caught the attention of James Stewart. So the two gifted men combined their resources to produce some of the greatest Hollywood westerns ever made. "Winchester '73" and "The Man from Laramie" were the best but the others were almost as effective. Mann became a successful film director A, continuing to direct what some critics believe is the greatest western of all "Man of the West" by Gary Cooper. Stewart has become fabulously rich as a result of the partnership because he signed for part of the royalties in exchange for a fraction of the usually paid salary, a wise move followed by many other actors from then on. <br /> <br /> Winchester '73 was also one of the first films, perhaps the first, to tell a story from the point of view of a travel pistol. Each owner is part of the story that is told and everything takes place in the exciting show at the end of the film, which also reserves a surprise for the viewer. Based on a story by Stuart Lake, the story focuses on revenge and ownership of the Winchester '73. The year is 1876. Custer and his seventh cavalry were annihilated by the Sioux and Cheyenne at Little Big Horn. The whites want revenge. Native Americans want to get their land back and their way of life. This conflict leads to a clash of Native Americans led by Young Bull (the young Rock Hudson shows his potential as an actor) and a small group of cavalry stuck in a canyon and joined by civilians Lin McAdam (Stewart), his companion and for all his life the friend High Spade (the underrated actor Millard Mitchell) and a couple trying to find each other, Steve Miller (Charles Drake) and Lola Manners (Shelley Winters), a dirty dove with a kind heart. Among the soldiers on horseback are the newcomers Tony Curtis and James Best (late of the "Dukes of Hazzard"), whose part was interrupted by a bullet. <br /> <br /> Wyatt Earp was in Dodge City in 1876. The film has him as chief marshal. Good actor Will Geer (later of the Waltons) looks like an old Earp. Actually Wyatt was Dodge's assistant marshal, at the right time cutting his teeth to be a lawyer. Lin McAdam won the Winchester in a shooting contest, but took from him not long after the Dutch outlaw Henry Brown (Stephen McNally) and his henchmen. McAdam and High Spade follow both the Dutchman and the Winchester for the rest of the film. An even more sinister character emerges along the way, Waco Johnnie Dean, played as the evil personified by Dan Duryea who threatens to steal the show from other members of a stellar cast. <br /> <br /> The Winchester passes through several hands during the course of the film, whenever the transfer is intense. One concerns a gunrunner played to perfection by John McIntire. Other swaps are mixed with the scenario above. All this plus the action keeps the viewer glued to the seat during the entire show. <br /> <br /> As noted above, the cast is first class up to the smallest role. Look for other well-known faces in unaccredited parts, including the future "Bonanza" sheriff Ray Teal and reliable Western Panhandle Perkins (Guy Wilkerson).
