In 1942 a film TALES OF MANHATTAN told a series of stories that were substantially unrelated, but tied together with a men's evening dress. Every story began when the "tails" were passed from one owner (Charles Boyer, for example) to another (Cesare Romero). WINCHESTER '73, a film of superior quality and a great western, has a touch of similar texture. Initially it's about how Jimmy Stewart is looking for Stephen (Horace) MacMahon for a deadly grudge. But during the film the two men enter a shooting competition, the prize (given by Marshall Wyatt Earp - Will Geer) is one of the new Winchester rifles. Stewart just beats MacMahon, but the gun is stolen by Stewart, and the chase is on. <br /> <br /> The gun passes from hand to hand, including John McIntyre (as an arrogant trader who doesn't know when to stop being arrogant), to Rock Hudson (in a surprising role - and briefly to), to Charles Drake, to Dan Duryea (as Waco Johnny Dean, deliciously lethal and psychotic), to MacMahon. Finally back to Stewart. <br /> <br /> The film is directed by Anthony Mann. Each character has a wide variety of experiences. Duryea literally takes the rifle over Drake's body (Duryea forces the question). But he loses it to MacMahon, who is faster in the draw - not that Duryea is stupid enough to fight for the gun. While he and Shelley Winter watch MacMahon in the distance, Winter (who saw Duryea kill his ex boyfriend friend Drake) momentarily leaves his disgust for the gunman to ask why he endured MacMahon's bullying for the gun. Philosophically, Duryea explains that she can wait. Some occasions will arise later (ie, when he can safely kill MacMahon and resume the gun). <br /> <br /> The characters are extraordinarily human. Winters appears for the first time as the future bride of Drake, but sees for him a very negative side: an unforgivable side. Drake is aware of this error and helps lead to its destruction. Other characters have realistic touches, like J.C. Flippen as an army sergeant fighting an Indian attack with Steward's friend Steward Millard Mitchell. Oh yes, and with Flippen's colleague Tony Curtis. Flippen suggests that this soldier was on about a hundred battlefields before, probably from 1861. Steward had shown emotions in other films. In IS A WONDERFUL LIFE, he showed some degree of anger at times, and also an almost nervous crisis when he thinks that everything is wrong in his life. But here he showed demonic rage - at the expense of a Duryea surprise (which would normally show such anger himself). <br /> <br /> The parts of this film fit together very well, under Mann's competent hands. This is a western that never wears out, while the audience watches the journeys of a Winchester rifle.
