The thrillers of the adult western who flourished in the 1950s try to trace its origins in the film that started the syndrome. Of course, we can go back to Howard Hawks' Red River (1948) or John Ford's My Darling Clementine (1946), but if we want to remain faithful to this decade, then it must be one of a couple of films made in the opening year of that era. One is "The Gunfighter", an exquisitely sad story of a famous gunslinger (Ringo) facing his latest shooting. Another of that same year is "Winchester '73", and it's worth noting that Millard Mitchell appears in both grays, mustaches, riders of the very realistic range. In The Gunfighter, he is the marshal expected to arrest Ringo, but once he went with him in a band of outlaws. In Winchester, he is Jimmy Stewart's assistant, a sort of Horace for Stewart's Hamlet in this epic / tragic story. The plot is quite simple: Stewart's lonely cow-boy wins an extraordinary Winchester in a shootout, beating the worst man in the west (Stephen McNally), who is actually his brother and caused his father's death. When his brother steals the gun, Stewart and Mitchell follow him into a cowboy odyssey that takes them across the border, meeting both outlaws and Indians. (In a wonderful piece, two future stars - Rock Hudson and Tony Curtis - play an Indian chief and an American cavalry soldier - during a well-organized pitched battle. Dan Duryea steals the whole show as an outlaw outlaw leader, while Shelly Winters Just before she started to get fat, it's good as the shady lady who ties all the plots in. Today the filmmakers would go on for about four hours to bring such an ambitious idea to the screen, but Anthony Mann does it in an extremely cheap amount of time, without a wasted minute. These western legends like Bat Masterson and Wyatt Earp (masterfully played by Will Geer) make short appearances, adding to the historicity and epic nature. The final battle between good and bad brothers, on top of a series of projecting rocky canyons, it is now legendary among Western enthusiasts, and it is also worth noting that Stewart, though associated with the movies western, does what his first western role is here - yes, he was in De Stry Rides Again, eleven years ago, but he was chosen for the comedy, because he seemed so WRONG for westerns!
