The traditional western is synonymous with wide open spaces, clear morality, intertwining of stories, optimistic confidence in a hero's ability to shape his own destiny, to escape his past. These qualities directly reflect the sense of the American self, the self-modeling self, the push of borders and borders, which is why the genre is still alluded to by opportunist politicians. With some noble exceptions (eg Wellman, Hawks), the West was healthy and free of neurosis or true anxiety. Anthony Mann has changed all this forever, and this first foray into the genre is one of the most violent, vivid, complex, not to mention exciting westerns ever made. <br /> <br /> The traditional western depends on a hero who exemplifies robust wholesomeness, what misfortunes he may have had in the past, a supporter of order and law, who dominates the film, removes his obstacles, restores harmony in effect; and an obvious villain, who often, ironically, guides the plot, forcing the hero to perform certain actions. The difference between the two is often sketched as mythically simple as wearing white or black hats. <br /> <br /> Mann's background was in film noir, a genre antithetical to wide open spaces and optimism. Noir was neurotically charged, focusing on the dissolution of an unstable protagonist, in whom morality is blurred, the hero is often the villain, trapped in an inner labyrinth of his creation, a passive victim of destiny. The noir concerns the regression not progress, interrogation and the rejection of modes and signs of representation, not the creation and confirmation of them. <br /> <br /> WINCHESTER 73 is full of noir anxiety. The Noir is often considered a psychological genre, displaying the traumas of the protagonist's head. 73 also does this, and it's even more disturbing that Jimmy Stewart, who is such a lovely character, starts out here with his big series of difficult films with Mann and Hitchcock. In many ways, good-natured and sweet, representing the right and trying to restore interruptions to the natural order, he is also a near-lunatic who will stop at nothing to get a murderous revenge, whose relentless search reflects Ethan Edwards in THE SEARCHERS in its inhuman persistence, whose human instincts are frayed by this research and whose outbursts of violence are truly terrifying to witness. <br /> <br /> As in noir, his anxiety has a psychological basis - unlike most "healthy" heroes who have (symbolically killed) their fathers, McAdam's father was killed before could complete the process; his hunt for his brother is less moral revenge than an anguished protest against stunted growth. Climate clashes are not cathartic: McAdam stumbles back into "normal" society, as if he had just witnessed some of the most horrible horrors in the world. <br /> <br /> What is more disturbing than the film is that it is not really about a hero or a villain, but an inanimate piece of weoponry that drives the action. 73 opens with the gun of the privileged title, on display behind a window, while his admirers are trapped, crushed, undifferentiated, framed, admired from the outside. Throughout the film, human power is reduced to the most arbitrary of signifiers - names change; Lin and Dutch mimes shoot each other because they have no guns; the searches lose their moral vitality and their practitioners turn close to madness; armies must seek help from Confederate foreigners to fight battles; a man becomes worthy of respect only when he mentions his name; another man is revealed as a coward when he abandons his girlfriend to the Indians; the gun retains its prestige, power, integrity. <br /> <br /> It is not the plot of revenge that drives the film, but the story of the gun; this takes the film away from conventional expectations and creates a strange, alienating, modern atmosphere. We are so caught up in the plot of revenge that when we follow another plot completely with the gun, we feel a bit disoriented. <br /> <br /> This emphasis on the pistol, symbol of a powerful masculinity, actually allows criticism of that masculinity, revealing useless elaborate rituals at the expense of society and order; brute capitalist greed; Indian merchants murderers who defraud both the seller and the enemy; cowardly; psychotic killers; before returning to his "real" owner, a completely compromised destroyed hero, who has become as deadly as the killer he is looking for. The gun is never imprinted with the name of its owner, not only because there is no fixed owner, but because there is no fixed masculinity, a deep animation to the traditional Western. <br /> <br /> 73 brilliantly invokes the western myths - Wyatt Earp, Dodge City, the cavalry, the civil war, the broad West - only to weaken them. Earp has an inflated reputation that is the whole name, but has never been proven - Dodge City is no longer safe against outlaws than anywhere else; the cavalry is inept (Custer has just lost Little Big Horn) and the bitter feud of the War proves irrelevant. The myth of the open West is a site for a very closed, ineluctable circular plot that traps its characters, refuses to allow them to shape their destiny, but to allow them to shape them. <br /> <br /> Old John Ford the silhouette of the knights on a vast mountain is resumed, but here the signs do not progress but the repetition and the circularity. But despite all its deconstruction, the film is also tangibly vivid in a way that few Westerners get. Mann's incisive technique intrudes on his camera in crucial positions, alternating a revealing distance with an intense examination, making the doors and the stagings of apparently electrifying and living sedans.
