"Addictive" is an adjective that I heard many times when I talked about some TV programs. More recently, dramas such as Lost, Heroes and Prison Break have gained this description. However, as convincing as they may be (and they really are), I can wait a few days before seeing the next episode of both series, even Prison Break, which some have idly classified as "the new 24". With all due respect, there can be nothing like it, and for good reason: no other silver-screen thriller is based on a real-time structure. This is what distinguishes 24 from any other show, and that's why I have to practically watch an entire season (on DVD) in seven days or less: once the start of the freak starts ticking, it's impossible to tune. <br /> <An episode whose events took place over the course of a single day was a trademark of NYPD Blue (and, more recently, Deadwood); having an entire season of a new series lasts 24 hours, one for each ep (the actual execution time is 41 minutes, the remaining 19 are occupied by commercials when the show is aired), was the most innovative idea in mainstream television from Hill Street Blues introduced non-linear storytelling (a mandatory element nowadays). And really paid. <br /> <br /> Ironically, the original plan of the series was to go around a wedding (fortunately, the creators Joel Surnow and Robert Cochran understood that the format was more suitable for a conspiracy thriller), which that's probably why the hero's first look suggests a cheerful atmosphere: with an extremely relaxed appearance, Jack Bauer (Kiefer Sutherland) is having fun playing chess with his daughter Kimberly (Elisha Cuthbert) and, a few minutes later , tender with Teri (Leslie Hope), the wife he just reconciled with. As in The Sopranos, however, something unexpected and shocking is just around the corner: not only did Kim sneak out of her room, Jack also receives a phone call urging him to get to work immediately. At midnight? I'm afraid so: Bauer is an agent of CTU (Counter Terrorist Unit), and his boss has acquired reliable information about a possible success in the life of David Palmer (Dennis Haysbert), an African American presidential candidate who will be in Los Angeles for everything the day (oh, right, I almost forgot: events happen on the day of the presidential primary in California). No time to doze, so: Jack must spend the next 24 hours working on the case. Unfortunately, he has a tendency to ignore the protocol, and this does not go well with George Mason (Xander Berkeley), a slimy man of the division who was asked to interfere with the operation. <br /> <br /> is very dense, making the show difficult to recommend to those with low attention spans, but anyone willing to take a look will be instantly rewarded: the writing is sharp and precise, l attention to unsurpassed detail and suspense is constantly heavenly. high, especially thanks to the real-time make-up that considerably improves the adrenaline level. <br /> <br /> Another great feature of this pilot is characterization: most genre shows (science fiction and thrillers) tend to simply present the key players and then define them later (a textbook example is CSI, in which the development of the character is minimal, but again corresponds to the unique style of the show), while the debut in series of 24 offers a wide range of completely rounded people, including Jack (Sutherland's best ever role! ) And Palmer (the true revelation of the show) stands out for being perfectly described after only one episode (the first divided between work and family, reckless but human, the second honorable and endowed with great integrity). A couple of supporting parts border on the stereotype (especially Mason and Tony Almeida), but two factors should be taken into consideration: a) this is the first episode; b) there is so much to see that many viewers will not even complain about a "defect" or two. After all, how many network programs are able to start with a conspiracy, a missing teenager and a big explosion - and still have equally satisfying material for the rest of the season? <br /> <br /> Tick, tock, tick, tock ...
