Of those comments here before mine, I mostly agree with that of Edyarb. The story and the script apparently had the potential to be fun, but despite management in some places, in other places it failed. You could see them wanting to make a joke, but nobody in the audience laughed. (He also agreed with Edyarb's view of the end credits: leave the normal thing or make it interesting, but not what they did now.) <br /> <br /> OK, which gives a more negative feeling than I had actually watching the movie. I liked it; it was pleasant entertainment for one night and I definitely didn't feel a waste of money to get the ticket. The best jokes are those that go a little outside the expected and are quite mature, like the character of Luke Wilson who asks the superpiccolo "P * nis or bed?" when she told him she would "buy another" after a wild night in bed, ending up breaking the bed and leaving Matt aching. <br /> <br /> I cannot, however, agree with bgs1614, which says that the film could have obtained an "R" rating - there was absolutely nothing in the film to justify it. Some sexual acts yes, but nothing explicit, only humorous and without nudity. (Maybe it was at a prescreening that showed more ...?) I'd like to compare it to two recent films that I went to see without expectations of any kind: Superman Returns and Click. I really didn't expect anything from either of them: I was a big fan of the original Superman movies and the Click trailer showed it only as a potentially chauvinistic movie (which I wouldn't want to oppose). Superman surprised me in feeling really good (goose bumps!) In seeing his first heroic act, like seeing a missing friend and feeling happy. But for the rest of the story I'd rather look at my ex-girlfriend, at least she offers me some surprises. Clicking again was a TOTAL surprise, much better and deeper than the trailer and about five minutes from a really excellent movie. The jokes also work much better than in the ex-girlfriend, both the bad ones and the more advanced ones. <br /> <br /> However, the only reason I compared these three films is that they are the last three I've seen, in a very short period of time, and also because I went to all of them with virtually no expectations . I would classify them as Click, Girlfriend, Superman.
