On paper this seemed a great concept: the average guy on the rebound approaches the curated museum curator, who is really a hot superhero who saves the world on a regular basis. However, director Ivan Reitman and screenwriter Don Payne (of "Simpson's") almost fatally failed to make their hero G-Girl (played by Uma Thurman) prove to be a mind-boggling job both as a superhero and as an identity secret Jenny Johnson. The film even comes to terms with this in a conversation between Jenny and Matt Saunders (Luke Wilson) following the rescue of G-Girl from the Statue of Liberty. Jenny curiously asks Matt how he was G-Girl. Matt replies, "Is it some kind of nut?" I think the intent was to have Jenny (Thurman) this lonely young woman, who has no one in her life, isolated from her great physical powers. Thurman does the best he can, but his Jenny is a terrifying mood that desperately needs Prozac. Luke Wilson is too casual in the reversal of the role of the boyfriend and friend of the superheroes. <br /> <br /> "My Super Ex-Girlfriend" is also a victim of bad timing, coming to the end of "Superman Returns" playing Superhero, so to speak. With all its quirks and incoherent writing I thought "My Super Ex-Girlfriend" was fun and I liked the movie. Since this is a film by Ivan Reitman, this could have been much better. Reitman starts with a great premise and really wastes it. First of all, we all love the hero. Here neither Jenny nor G-Girl are really that nice. This is surprising for Uma Thurman, who is normally a charismatic and powerful presence. In the beginning his Jenny / G-Girl is simply strange. Shocking. Because if there is a woman who can play a Superhero, she is Thurman, she is beautiful. Only towards the end does his Jenny become more understanding instead of caricature. Although "My Super Ex" is not a Superhero story, rather a romantic comedy, it does not provide what every superhero mythology requires a big super villain. Here we have Professor Bedlam aka Barry (Eddie Izzard) who is really evil. It's not Lex Luthor. No plan for global domination. Bedlam rather than Barry has a grudge against G-Girl and, predictably, has to do with their shared past. What's weird you don't know who you'd rather spend time with Bedlam or G-Girl? Matt Luke Wilson is just "a guy" who happens to make friends with the psycho superhero. One of the most annoying things he does is that he confides in his hideous loser friend Vaughn (Rainn Wilson is doing a bad imitation). Wilson sometimes sounds a little too dense, and this dilutes his likeable charm. But this works in the comic sex scene with Jenny. Matt goes out with Jenny / G-Girl and realizes he's in love with his colleague Hannah (lively Anna Faris). So how does Matt break up with G-Girl? Well, it's not nice and for the most part fun. <br /> <br /> Dramatic Superhero movies work. Romantic comedies with chemistry work. What may be intrinsically difficult are the satires of superheroes disguised as romantic comedies. Everyone loves the hero. However, work as a hero nut? Maybe not. With all the talent of Uma Thurman, he is not able to do it convincingly. And you don't get enough support from Reitman and Payne. Thurman and Wilson have enough charm and presence to survive their narrative shortcomings. "My Super Ex-Girlfriend" is fun and funny. Although it gave all the implications, the film could have been super.
