It all starts with a suicide. Or is it a car accident? I guess it all depends on whether you decide to start from the beginning or end. Director Gabriele Muccino gives you the chance to enter his new movie Seven Pounds as you prefer when it starts at the end and returns to the beginning, showing us the course of events that led us to that heartbreaking 911 phone call. This is a powerful film; maybe because I'm a little in pain when it comes to such dramas, dripping with heavy moments filled with devastating spectacles, but in any case, a film works best when it really touches me, when it lingers in the back of my head after leaving the theater. And this is from the team that brought us the survivor, sweetened, and not all that redeems the Search for Happiness, so I'll just say that my prediction has been carefully watched for a big disappointment. With all this, however, I was with Seven Pounds from the opening frame until the end of the credits. Even if you understand what the character of Will Smith is doing, that secret mission he is trying to complete is the way he does his shining penance and leaves you with a smile full of tears in the end. > <br /> Our starting point is a bit jarring, leaving us freaked out trying to figure out what's going on. Smith's Thomas has name lists, one of the people we don't know and one of the people that seems to be trying to follow and control. Working with the IRS allows him to access these strangers to take a look at their lives to see if they are worthy of a gift that has the power to give them a gift that could completely change their circumstances. Call an old childhood friend (Barry Pepper) and remind him to do what he promised, not to guess his decision because he doesn't change his mind. Even in a role as small as Pepper's, you can't help but feel the absolute pain held high in the background, hanging over everyone's head. It is his character, seen perhaps three times, that really includes the main level of the treated emotion. His collapses, both with the streaks torn to tears and composed or with the convulsions with bare hands, show that the bond that these two men have is the one that resists the test of time and every circumstance that must come. <br /> <br /> After that phone call, the journey begins to meet new people. Thomas is on a sort of mission to alleviate the monetary problems of mortally ill people, trying to stay afloat despite the heavy burden of medical expenses and survival. This progression requires many turns, from a "blind, vegan" meat vendor, who blames him for seeing if he can blow it up; to a phase two patient with a donor need, unable to print his stationary line, or even run with his Dane Duke; to a mother of two Latinos, abused and scared, too scared to leave her boyfriend; to a dying hockey coach who instills confidence in a trampled youth community; to a boy who needs a bone marrow transplant. There are people who live with pain and the inevitable future with a disposition of hope and who wish to appreciate every day, and there are those who try to beat it by cutting corners and spending all their money at the expense of those who need it. to go out in style Because it is up to Thomas to root out the mix and find those who deserve his "gift" is unknown at first, and this is why this man, seen in flashbacks as an aeronautical engineer with a beautiful wife and huge beach house, now lives in a motel, driving a run-down car, going door to door to check out the IRS. As he says, however, "it is as if he had stumbled into work". Smith's research like Thomas is long and painful, tempered by moments of clarity and honest compassion. As a man with the means to help, he takes his work seriously, overwhelming people who do not deserve and test those he believes deserving to the nth degree. If that means he has to scream and make fun of them, he has to do it. At every step, however, you see the suffering in his eyes, the pain that eats away his soul, making every step towards his destiny, one as a saint of redemption, not only for those he wants to help, but also for himself . It's a performance worthy of this award and I'd just like Smith to make more dramas like this instead of his summer blockbuster action, because while they're funny, this guy is too good for them. The man will win an Oscar better before he has finished or will be a parody, at least in my mind. <br /> <br /> The rest of the cast is stellar across the board. Woody Harrelson as a blind salesman is the perfect handicap for the camp with a zest for life. His shy smile and his faith in humanity meet everywhere, whether on the phone shouting, sitting in a restaurant eating his cake, or at the piano in the park, playing for everyone they hear. Elpidia Carrillo, like the abused mother, is fantastic, showing the hard evolution from pride to fear, completely overwhelmed by the kindness of a stranger, allowing her family to be finally safe. And Rosario Dawson shines like the young woman "once boiling", beaten and destroyed by long hospital stays, abandoning life to find love and happiness. It is the introduction of Thomas of Smith that reopens his eyes to be a woman, a free-spirited sexual creature who can simply live without fear of wondering what day will be his last.
