Seven Pounds, this was the film in which I was convinced that Will Smith would really make the movie "I'll make you cry". One thing I can give him a lot of credit for, the man can cry. My only thing is that, moving like history, Will Smith has shown over and over that he can act, so why is he taking this extremely depressing story? But still it is still a good movie. I have to admit it made me cry, but I heard that the leading show was Rosario Dawson, I love this girl, since I saw her in the 25th hour with Ed Norton, I knew this girl would go very far. She's beautiful, charming, fun and talented, I can't wait to see how much her career goes on. But she and Will Smith, they weren't so sure if they had the great chemistry the film needed, they would have turned it into a great movie. Two years ago, Tim Thomas was in a car accident, which was caused by him using his mobile phone; seven people died: six strangers and his girlfriend. A year after the accident, and having left his job as an aeronautical engineer, Tim donates a lung lobe to his brother, Ben, an employee of the IRS. Six months later he donates part of his liver to a child services operator named Holly. Then start looking for other candidates to receive donations. Find George, a junior hockey coach, and give him a kidney, and then donate the bone marrow to a young boy named Nicholas. Two weeks before he dies, he contacts Holly and asks her if she knows someone who deserves help. She suggests Connie Tepos, who lives with a violent boyfriend. Tim leaves his house and a local motel bringing the box jellyfish with him. One night, after being beaten, Connie contacts Tim and hands her the keys and the deed to her beach house. He takes his two children and moves into their new home. Having stolen his brother's credentials and making himself known by the name of his brother Ben, he checks the candidates for his two final donations. The first is Ezra Turner, a blind vegetarian meat seller who plays the piano. Tim calls Ezra Turner and torments him at work to see if he is ready to get angry. Ezra remains calm and Tim decides to be worthy. Then contact Emily Posa, a stand-alone greeting card printer who has a rare heart disease and blood type. He spends time with her, clearing his garden and arranging his rare Heidelberg printer. He begins to fall in love with her and decides that, as his condition deteriorates, he must make his donation. <br /> <br /> Seven Pounds is a good movie and definitely worth a look, I would just recommend renting against the theater. Will Smith does a good performance, but it's not the best, only most of the movie forced him to cry in every scene, but the last one with him is stupid. But I loved the ending, it was beautiful and made you appreciate life and not take it for granted. There are still good people in this world and Ben's character reminds you to value life and give those in desperate need. Although it went a little far, but it was still a good story. <br /> <br /> 7/10
