I highly recommend this film to all music fans dying to watch a musical make a faithful transition from stage to screen. Sure, it's long, but the duration is a testimony of how faithful it is to the film's original script. The sets and cast really make Sweet Apple, Ohio the place to be. Fosse Protected Anne Reinking also does a splendid job with choreography giving the dances a beautiful town, a vintage atmosphere. <br /> <br /> Casting at first glance may seem strange to some, but they are really wonderful (reading "anonymous" "Comments on Jason Alexander's performance made me sick.) Actually, his perforation literally steals the show. Like Albert, he mixes his unique blend of manic nervousness with Dick Van Dyke's Eskimo charm to create a new and improved Albert. The fact that he can dance and sing like nobody's business doesn't hurt either. Wendt is another protagonist, who improves the way Paul Lynde plays Harry McAffe by making him less obsessive and down on Earth and severe.Its whole character and body language scream "over my corpse." Marc Kudisch brings appearance by Elvis by Conrad Birdie at new levels with his subtle inclusion of a "thank you very much" in "Honestly sincere". His physicality, however, recalls more the young Elvis, then the burly, brave Conrad of the film ori The fact is that this film differs so much from the original film (which added traits in happy faces, speedy turtles and Russian ballet !!!) what has it ever had to do with Bye, Bye Birdie, I wonder ? The only possible advantage that the original version has on this is Ann Margret. Otherwise, the update is better in every way possible. Where the old version cut many songs and increased the pauses for dancing where there was no need (and for all intents and purposes ended the film in the middle of the game), the new version restored the original soundtrack and added some great also new things ("A Giant Step" is the highlight of this category). We know we live in difficult times, but if you want to take your head off problems and make a happy face then it's worth a try.
