This film is one of the best short films I've ever seen, and since I make it a point in all the major film festivals, I've seen many, especially of what the industry considers "the best". I'm not a fan of Monaghan. His acting generally tends to be excessive and uninteresting to me, his only decent performance is in Lost, so I generally try to avoid his films. However, I happened to see him at a film festival a few years ago and I was completely stunned. This director really knows what he's doing. Of course, you will get trolls (or just ignorant people) who do not understand what constitutes a good movie and snatch low budget work because they have no idea what went into it. But fortunately, from what I've seen, I'm in the minority when it comes to this jewel. <br /> <br /> We don't deny that the film didn't have a budget, and that a couple of secondary actors could still use the work, because it's certainly true. The value of production is very low, but what can you expect for a real first film from someone still in high school? Pretend for a moment that the budget doesn't matter. If you take away a bit of acting, the sound quality (which in reality was not the director's fault, I saw it at a festival and the sound was fine ... I guarantee to anyone who did the DVD to be fooled), and the fact was shot on mini-DV, so what do you have left? The story, the visual composition and the soul of the film, which are unquestionably perfect. <br /> <br /> Nanavati can tell a story. This is clear. He can write heavy and engaging scripts, better than most people in Hollywood, create a list of photos that perfectly compliments that story and give it to life in a fascinating and creative way that, if it were a higher budget, could have won some awards. From the most experienced actors, a better audio post-production and 35mm instead of mini-DV and even trolls couldn't complain. This girl is unbelievable, and bearing in mind that Insomniac was made quite a few years ago, she has done an incredible job ever since. The Dreams of an Angel trailer proves it and I can't wait to see the highest budget he has made. 9/10 stars, this is a hell of a movie from a hell of a director.
