Brand Hauser (John Cusack) is a CIA murderer. He is ordered to go to the country of Turaquistan, a nation that the United States has "liberated" and kill a businessman named Omar Shariff. This is because the American conglomerate, Tamerlano, which is putting the country "together again" will not support Shariff, an oil tanker of a neighboring state, which lays its own pipeline through war-torn Turquistan. But once there, Brand finds himself in trouble. One meets a determined journalist, Natalie (Marisa Tomei) who wants to tell the American public the "real" story of the conflict in the region ... and of Tamerlane. But, Brand is shocked to realize that Natalie's beautiful face and sharp mind instantly and unconsciously force him to lose focus on his mission. Furthermore, his cover as a trade show host forced him to meet the country's pop singer princess, Yonica (Hillary Duff), who will marry in the convention center. She is a young diva whose wedding arrangements also distract Brand's attention from the next assassination. With other submissive incapable and complications, will Brand be able to complete his mission, to the satisfaction of the great head of Tamerlane, the former vice-president (Dan Ackroyd)? Good for you, John Cusack, to make this film, even if it doesn't hold up enough. Shot in Serbia, it is a worthy look at what current Iraq, a country turned upside down, must be. In a thunderbolt, the green area here is called "The Emerald City" and, rightly so, for this Oz-type neighborhood it tries to keep out the ravages of war going on elsewhere in the metropolis. The cast is very nice, with Cusack doing a good job and Tomei, Joan Cusack, Ben Kingsley, Ackroyd and others supporting him in style. Duff, in particular, makes a big break as a singer with strong accentuated notes, heavily made up. The war-riddled recreation of Baghdad is so real that it hurts while the customs and other production values ​​are of a high standard. As for the script, it's not always cohesive but it certainly has huge dialogues and scenes. For example, a young Turaqui boy offers to show Brand an enemy hideout, in exchange for money and candy. The brand produces the money but, since it has no candy, the boy still burns his vehicle. Brilliant! So also, the direction is not a total success, but do not delay very often. No, if you have conservative inclinations, you probably won't like this movie a bit. But if you have an open mind and want to see a satirical vision of the "war on terror", this is a good show. Therefore, make an effort to see it, since you will be supporting those filmmakers who choose to make films that are far from those old "formulas" of study.
