This weekend of July 4th it is encouraging to see the spirit of the Declaration of Independence alive and well in the movie "War, Inc." Just as our founding fathers gave the back of their collective hand to King George III, this film hilariously exposes the vile fury on the part of the current crop of capitalist insinuations intent on indecently privatizing the government, including the privatization of war same. <br /> <br /> The cast of this satire absolutely shines. John Cusack is as wonderful as a droll, a corporate murderer in conflict, and the beautiful Marisa Tomei is as superb as his love interest. (My God, "George Costanza" was right: Marisa Tomei is so attractive!) But it's John's sister, Joan Cusack, who really steals the movie. His portrait of an overbearing but at the same time sdophanic personal assistant is priceless, and more than once I just couldn't stop laughing at the brilliance of his performance. Not only does he have fantastic comic moments, his face is as expressive as one might want in an actor. Dan Ackroyd also has a short but very effective cameo in the film as head of the war company, the Tamerlane Corporation. Sitting on a "throne" with his trousers lowered around his ankles, Ackroyd actually looks like the ass clown that currently occupies one of our true thrones of power. You won't have to think too hard to recognize that person. Much of this film was shot in Bulgaria, which is why we are able to see so many real military equipment. (You only know that the US military would never have cooperated in making this satirical display of war profits). I particularly liked the "Omar Sharif" character played by Bulgarian actor Lyubomir Neikov. In a scene in which he is on track with Marisa Tomei, he has a couple of lines that could summarize our foreign policy attitude towards foreign leaders that we install - and uninstall - in power. <br /> <br /> Of course, this film will not appeal to everyone. If you believe that the ongoing privatization of our foreign policy, the military, the gathering of information and analysis, the prisons and the system of corrections, public health and a host of other government services is a good thing that you might not find much to which you like this movie. If you believe, however, that destroying people and countries to add something to society is an abomination, I think you will find much to appreciate in this film. Nothing could be more in tune with the Spirit of Independence that masses the deserved ridicule on the corrupt powers that are.
