The plot of this film may not be extraordinary, but what makes the film really special are its characters (and the actors who play them ?? of course!). I won't go into the details of the movie's plot, but I'd certainly like to say it ?? This movie is not just for everyone! The film is really witty and you have to be equally intelligent to get all the satire. If you are not careful even for a second, you will probably end up losing one of the delicate points. The film is full of apparently banal but witty things - like the announcements in the background of Turaqistan, the advertisements on tankers (which I almost lost) and these are what make the film hilarious. <br /> <br /> Coming to the actors, John Cusack played his multifaceted role very efficiently (with him as co-author and producer) and plays the character ?? Hauser, the murderer with a heart ?? exquisitely. Cusack has already played a similar role in Grosse Pointe Blank, but his comic nature in the film is simply superb. <br /> <br /> However the actress who steals the whole show is Hilary Duff! I've always been a big fan of Ms. Duff. But to be honest, I was a little disappointed when I heard about the kind of role he plays in the film. But after seeing the film, the disappointment gave way to great respect for her as an actor. Let's face it! The baby is growing, but yes, so is his talent! All those critics, who shouted hoarsely that Hilary can't act, will remain silent for a while. Did Hilary have to play a really complex character ?? hard on the outside, yet a sweet child inside? and she did complete justice to it. Makes you laugh and makes you cry ?? in short (because I could go on talking about her forever) she's BRILLIANT! Marisa Tomei and Joan Cusack also did a good job. Above all, Joan's hysterics are amazing! However, I was rather disappointed that Ben Kingsley was wasted on such a small role and his performance seemed lackluster. <br /> <br /> In general War, Inc. always keeps you with its clever humor and ends with just the right amount of plot twists. I highly recommend this movie to everyone (and even more to Hilary Duff fans) !!! Post scriptum - I'm really happy to hear that the film will be released from its limited version and will soon be available in other places !!!
