Joshua Seftel's first film - a satire of memorable proportions - is just as the title suggests: Corporations influence the war. <br /> <br /> The film is about a mercenary (John Cusack) traveling in Turaqistan (he is not a real country, fyi) to help the American government "convey its message" to the leaders of Turaqistan. Meet a journalist (Marisa Tomei) and we all know what will happen with a lonely man + a hot journalist. Somewhere in the mix, a pop star named Yonica Babyyeah is launched. While Yonica is marrying one of the most important people of Turaquistan (a son of the president), a subplot is created in which the mercenary must guard this star, well, somehow. The film begins with a lonely Cusack in a bar; no more than fifteen seconds later, the film captures you. With its entertaining and intriguing insight into terrorism and politics, the film's execution time blows from you. The film has more action than I expected, with occasional war scenes, well-choreographed fights and sporadic murder scenes. Although the plot is not very deep, the simplicity of it all makes the film perfect for both the common man and film critics. <br /> <br /> In the final act of the film, the simplicity of everything becomes very hostile and confusing. I thought it was done very well, but others might disagree, and I could understand why. Twist after Twist is what the end is all about, and like most movies, it's a real hit / miss situation. Regardless, the film's three screenwriters (Mark Leyner, Jeremy Pikser and John Cusack) did a fantastic job creating a realistic and funny satire on today's situation abroad. Joshua Seftel does a great job ensuring the film integrity; not reducing the material to the most redundant of films (which I feared would happen). Seftel made the film in the best possible way: it created a vibrant atmosphere, which examines both the harsh reality and the cartoon-like falsehoods; - contrasting them perfectly - as well as making the film look like you're looking at everything. Seftel really involves you in all the actions and pays you in full. No misstep here. It is hoped that he will undertake other work as a director, because he is a director to look after.
