Deanna Durbin, then fourteen years old and barely under contract with MGM, made a short film in 1936 which matched it to Judy Garland, one year younger, in the first film for both. Louis B. Mayer then decided not to need two young singers in competition, he placed his bet on Garland and let Durbin go. Universal immediately signed Durbin, invested her in Three Smart Girls and rewrote the script to increase her share. It was billed last, but with the typographic equivalent of neon lights around its name. Universal believed that Durbin would be a success, and they were right. Three Smart Girls is less a musical comedy and more compelling, and Durbin, when the film was released, takes it with ease. She's Penny Craig, and she and her older sisters, Joan and Kay, are determined to save their father, who had divorced their mother, from the clutches of an elegant gold hoe with a fierce mother. They speak from Switzerland, where they live, in New York, where their father lives. They plan not only to break their father's marriage, but to reunite their father with their mother, who after a separate ten year still loves the boy. Is there any doubt that Durbin will sing a song or two in his hot and sensual soprano? No. Is there any doubt that the girls will ... with Kay and Joan find love and marriage material along the way? No, again. Years later Durbin said he could not continue to play the small Miss Fixit forever. He was right, of course, but in Three Smart Girls, his first feature film, he has little Miss Fixit. Durbin is funny, determined, resourceful, energetic and, of all things, natural. His personality is so genuine that it makes this comedy - a mix of farce, confusion, good intentions and cheerful greed - decidedly captivating. <br /> <br /> Durbin carries the film with ease. It's a lot of fun to watch her while holding her to Binnie Barnes as Donna Lyon, the woman with her loves in Penny's rich father, played by Charles Winninger, who wasn't even too much to steal the scenes. Alice Brady, who played the incessant matron in My Man Godfrey, plays the mother of Donna Lyons, who is even more a gold digger than her daughter. The last of the famous craftsmen is Ray Milland in the role of Lord Michael Stuart, who through an ingenious and amusing mix is ​​confused with Mischa Auer. <br /> <br /> Three Smart Girls holds up well as a light and entertaining comedy of good manners and confusion. So Deanna Durbin is a brand new star, who with her huge success saved Universal's bacon.
