I am surprised by the comments of the posters who say that Jane Powell made the same kind of film as Deanna Durbin. Although they were both young sopranos whose cinematographic images were made by Joe Pasternak, if this film is an indication, they were almost polar opposite. <br /> <br /> While, in THREE INTELLIGENT GIRLS, Durbin plays an impulsive "Little Miss" Fixit, "who, after a few setbacks, manages to reunite his divorced parents, in his semi-remake, TRE FIGURE OF GUARD, Jane Powell almost destroys the marriage between her screen Mamma Jeanette MacDonald and her new stepfather Jose Iturbi when she refuses to accept him and with her strong arms her younger brothers reject him too.From the films of Durbin and Powell that I saw, I would say that these disparate qualities permeate the first films of both these talented young artists. <br /> <br /> As for Durbin's performance in TRE SMART GIRLS, I find it completely winning and very impressive. clear from his occasional shrill and over-emphatic jokes in some of the most energetic scenes that this is a first film for Deanna, looking at the self-confident, conscious and naturally effervescent way in which she delivers her lines and performs in general, and the tender and tender way in which he projects the most serious scenes, you will never guess that this was the FIRST film role of a 14-year-old girl whose previous professional experience consisted almost exclusively of two years of education vowel. <br /> <br /> Given that this film, and Durbin itself, at the time were widely publicized as "Universal's last chance", the production had to be an incredibly stressful situation for a film novice of any age, but you "I never know from the ease and safety that Durbin shows on the screen. Although he is clearly developing his style and acting behavior in front of the camera (this was equally true for the first performances of much more experienced contemporaries such as Garland, Rooney, O'Connor and Jane Powell), Durbin projects an extraordinary presence and warmth on the camera that is absolutely unique to her, and, even here, in her first film, she manages to remain immensely nice despite the often irascible impulsiveness of the her character, and although it is sometimes shrill, she never for a second projects the timid and arched qualities that plagued many of the child's stars, including Jane Powell and some of the other young sopranos who followed in the wake of his success. <br /> <br /> In short, like all great singing stars, Durbin was much more than just a "beautiful voice." On the other hand, while Durbin's pure lyric soprano is a truly remarkable and glorious instrument, the most remarkable thing about it was the way he is able to project his songs, without the slightest touch of affectation or "grandes "afflicting the singing of adult opera singers such as Lily Pons, Grace Moore and Jeanette MacDonald in the period <br /> <br /> films The film is also delightful, heavily influenced by the screwball comedy, Durbin claims with a cream -of -the-creams of first-class screwball professionals such as Charles Winninger, Binnie Barnes, Alice Brady, Ray Milland and Mischa Auer. The story is light and fun. True, it's hardly "realistic", but why would anyone expect it? If you want: "realistic" rent THE GRAPE OF THE IRA or TRIUMPH OF WILL. On the other hand, if you are looking for a genuine, sweet, fun and entertaining family comedy with a wonderfully charismatic "gifted" and talented and terrifying supportive player, this film will not disappoint you.
