"Twelve Monkeys" is strange and disturbing, but at the same time intelligent and intelligent. He cleverly jumps between the future and the past, and the story he tells is about a man named James Cole, a prisoner, who is sent back to the past to gather information on a man-made virus that wiped out 5 billion of the human population on the planet in 1996. At first Cole is postponed for the year 1990 out of disgrace and unfortunately is taken to a psychiatric institution where he tries to explain his purpose and where he meets a psychiatrist Dr. Kathryn Railly who seeks to helping him and a patient named Jeffrey Goines, the mad son of a famous scientist. Being provocative and somewhat sensible, facing and between reason and madness, the film is a masterpiece defined in the history of science fiction films. <br /> <br /> The plot is simply fantastic. It's so original and so fun. The script written by David and Janet Peoples is inspired by a film called "La Jetée" (1962) that I didn't see, but I have to thank the director and screenwriter of the film, Chris Marker, for giving such inspiration to the writers of " Twelve Monkeys ". I read a little about "La Jetée", it's not the same story but it has the same idea, so this is not just a copy of it. David and Janet Peoples have turned this huge amount of inspiration into a modern story, which tells the urgent need for people to find a solution for maintaining human existence and does it in such a beautiful and realistic way that's a ride guaranteed thrill from start to finish. The music used in the film is strange and somehow so funny and fun that it doesn't fit perfectly until you understand it and realize that it's so compelling, composed by Paul Buckmaster. <br /> <br /> Terry Gilliam, whom we remember from Monty Python, as a director of the film was a real surprise for me, since I never considered him a director of a person. I know he directed movies before, but I couldn't really believe he could do something so great. It shouldn't be a surprise though, as it does a fantastic job. You can still perceive the same strangeness as that of Python, but for me the direction is practically impeccable even if in his strange way of describing things he makes some scenes strangely disturbing. Yes, it's really weird, weird, weird and scary, so it also makes the movie a little too heavy, so weak viewers will probably find it hard to watch the movie all the way through. It's not as heavy as you can imagine, but it has only certain things that in their way are sometimes very difficult to look at. Nevertheless, the film contains this pure intelligence within it and through flashbacks, dreams, jumps between past and future it mixes the whole story in a very intelligent way and does not even make the plot messy anywhere, even if it needs after all concentration by the viewer. <br /> <br /> What comes to acting, well, the film didn't go wrong there either. The role of James Cole is played by the powerful Bruce Willis, who probably still does his best starring role. Now people might disagree with me, like they did a good job, like "The Sixth Sense", but for me the role of James Cole was so ideal for Willis and he does it incredibly well. The character is also written very well, but it is also improved. Cole begins to question his own existence and takes care of himself, starting to question his real life time, trying to survive and find the crucial missing piece of the puzzle. With difficulty he begins to lose his faith, asking if he can also trust or believe in himself. Other noteworthy interpretations are the performances of Madeleine Stow and Brad Pitt. Stow plays the role of Kathryn Railly, the psychiatrist of James Cole, who sees something strangely familiar in Cole and decides to help him face his madness. Somehow he starts believing in Cole's story but, believing in science, he tries to find solutions through it and tries to face the reason when it comes to incredible things. Brad Pitt is so good at playing Jeffrey Goines and he's done one of his best performances to date. The character's crazy but exhilarating personality has also brought Pitt an Oscar nomination for this, so I suppose he's not praising the honestly fabulous performance for nothing. <br /> <br /> All in all, "Twelve Monkeys" is a great science fiction experience and will certainly be a recommendation for everyone, especially for science fiction fans. It includes brilliant characters and extraordinary interpretations of roles, in particular of Willis and Pitt, and an original and amusing story that forms such an intelligent and intelligent plot. However, being already mentioned in a strange and disturbing way, it certainly captures the attention of the viewer making it interesting and witty. It's also an explosive thriller and even has romance, so it's all in the same package and this makes it one of the best science fiction movies I've ever seen. Through the strange but terrifying vision of Terry Gilliam he manages to keep himself in balance despite the somewhat bumpy and somewhat stable race. Hard to really explain, but it's true, it's incredible.
