The story of this film is truly remarkable. A virus came off and only 1% of the human race survived. The only thing we know now is that animals rule the earth above and there are posters everywhere that say "The Twelve Monkeys did it". Right, the human race had to hide underground from the disease that had killed over 500 billion people. Apparently the animals do not contract this disease. Day after day, the current scientist tries to find out what kind of disease this has caused; how it was created; if nature did it or if it was created by a simple human being. All they know is that there are a lot of animals running around a city above them, the deaths started in 1996-1997, and twelve monkeys have something to do with it. (Or at least that's what the manifesto says.) So a current convict named James Cole (Bruce Willis) is sent as a "volunteer" to get some samples from above. After doing his job as a "volunteer", he was asked to be sent back in time for the year 1996 to understand what happened in the world. Cole accepts and begins the story of the twelve monkeys. <br /> <br /> Throughout history the time machine has missed the dates several times, since 1990, sometime during the 1950s. (In the middle of a war). All the time he travels back and forth, he starts messing James in the head and this turns the story upside down. The whole story is very well done and I would like to give a higher grade if it weren't for the ending. I personally didn't like the end of the film and I was very disappointed. I expected only a more explanatory ending than what had happened, but not everyone thinks that way. So I gave an 8, but if everyone had the same opinion as me, I'd give them a 6 or a 7. <br /> <br /> For the whole acting of the movie, I give them an A +. Bruce Willis is exceptional for this role and behaves well, but Brad Pitt is 100% excellent. His acting is so great that it fits so well into the character. I never really cared about Brad Pitt until I saw it in this and Fight Club. There are characters or the like in this movie, it's just a little more ... crazy in this movie. So, overall, I think this film is a must try. For most people it's a great science fiction movie, I don't think it's a masterpiece.
