NB: spoiler inside. This great film is "about" many things, all with success: time travels of science fiction, unstable psychologies, dystopian society, the syndrome which is real, a gradual weakening of belief systems, world bioterrorism and a nascent history of love . <br /> <br /> The ramifications of the distorted timeline of the story provoke a heated debate, testify to the discussions on this site; or, as an extreme, check out the thesis on www.mjyoung.net/time/monkeys.html. Thank god! This temporal emphasis mainly speaks of the ingenious plot, coming from the magnificent work of the writers David and Janet Peoples, not to mention the inspiration of "The Jetee" by Chris Marker. Without a doubt, this is one of the most successful and fascinating time travel films ever conceived. But there are many other levels that speak here. <br /> <br /> The real genius of the film is to focus on the unpleasant side effects of time travel in the mind of James Cole (Bruce Willis, doing the best job of his career here). Your journey progresses from warrior vaccine hunter to gung-ho to progressively distracted victim ?? and back again. The other broad trend of history increasingly emphasizes the personal narrative between James and Dr. Kathryn Railly (the wonderful Madeleine Stowe). I love the simultaneous viewpoints of displacement / opposition of these two characters. As far as I'm concerned, it all comes to mind in the flea hotel room scene. At this point, James ?? once grasped by an unwavering determination ?? now it collapses in absolute doubt about its own reality; while Dr. Railly ?? the cold and rational scientist ?? has finally become deeply convinced, having absorbed the evidence of James, of his horrible predictions. His desperation to switch to James and stay on the mission shows how far away he is. <br /> <br /> Gilliam makes us worry about these characters, especially through the crescendo of tension that shines through their lives. The balance between the emotional roller coasters and the editing of the sci-fi puzzle / thriller is exquisite. And the airport budget is intensely intense because we see it coming so clearly through James' dreams. Is he here, just after James decided to leave all the mess ?? and is he fighting his madness more than ever ?? who takes a step back on the plate and does what is necessary for humanity. See Jose and the gun ?? (Just before this, references to Hitchcock's "Vertigo" and identity confusion / confusion are brilliant). This is a film to be challenged among thinking people; not only does it hold up under repeated visions, it requires them. "Twelve Monkeys" is intelligent, provocative, bizarre, funny and full of suspense. <br /> <br /> The supporting cast is excellent, especially Brad Pitt who steals all his scenes and shows great flexibility as Jeffery Goines, mad and spoiled, but never the survivor. And there's David Morse in the role of Dr. Peters (interesting the way the film simply leaves the viewer with his bad motivation) and Christopher Plummer in the role of Dr. Goines. But the greatest recognitions belong to Terry Gilliam, who exceeds here - barely - his exceptional "Brazil". (A lot of parallels, of course, especially the lone fighter who tries to escape his crumbling environment: the madness inside, the madness without.) Each plot of this film has its own unique tone and timbre. Even the soundtrack is fantastic. <br /> <br /> This is one of the great successes of the 90s, one of my favorites, and sure to last for a long time yet.
