Normally I try to avoid science fiction films as much as possible, because this is not a genre that I really like. Light sabers, UFOs, aliens, time travel ... most of the time it's nothing to me. However, there is a film in the genre that will always give a place on my list of the best films and this is "Twelve Monkeys" which I remember being completely swept away by it the first time, but even now, after having seen it several times , I'm still one of his biggest fans. Every time I see it, this film seems to get better and better. <br /> <br /> Somewhere in the far future all people live underground because an unknown and deadly virus wiped out five billion people in 1996, leaving only 1% of the population alive. James Cole is one of them. He is a prisoner who lives in a small cage and who is chosen as a "volunteer" to be sent back in time to gather information on the origin of the epidemic. They believe it was spread by a mysterious group called "The Twelve Monkeys" and they need the virus before it changes, so scientists can study it. But the traveling time machine still does not work perfectly and is accidentally sent in 1990, where he meets Dr. Kathryn Railly, a psychiatrist, and Jeffrey Goines, the crazy son of a famous scientist and virus expert ... <br /> <br /> What I like most about this film is the fact that it is never clear if everything you are seeing is real or not. Is it just an illusion, created in the mind of a mentally ill man or is it real? Does it really come from the future and can it really travel in time? Has the population really been wiped out by a virus released by the army of The Twelve Monkeys? These are all questions that will leave you wondering from the beginning to the end. If the creators of this film had chosen to make everything more obvious, I'm sure I would never have liked it as much as I did now. It's just that mystery that always keeps me interested. But that's not the only good thing about this movie, of course. Even acting is extraordinary. I'm not normally a big Bruce Willis fan, but what he did in this film was simply amazing. Together with Madeleine Stowe and Brad Pitt he would have had to win several prizes for this, because along with the fantastic story, they made this film incredibly well made. <br /> <br /> Even after several visualizations, I'm still a big fan of this movie. Except for this movie, I only saw another Terry Gilliam movie and this is "Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas", which wasn't bad, but it didn't even convince me. However, it is this film that really makes me look forward to his other work. I give him a 9/10, maybe even a 9.5 / 10.
