Terry Gilliam and David Peoples teamed up to create one of the most intelligent and creative science fiction films of the 1990s. Have people shown a script with bizarre twists and fantastic ideas about the nature of time ?? I especially like the idea that the past cannot be changed; is it a nice counterpoint to so many films that travel through time that say otherwise? organic holocausts and the fine line between sanity and madness. Gilliam visualized his ideas with singular bizarreness, perfection and originality. <br /> <br /> The story itself is engaging: a man, James Cole (played by Bruce Willis in a heart-warming performance) travels for several decades in the past to retrieve information about a virus that wiped out the humanity and left only a few survivors alive who live underground: with the information they gather, scientists hope to find a cure so that everyone in the future can return to the surface. But since their time travel technology is not perfect, it ends up being sent to other past and complicating things. And from here springs a brilliant science fiction thriller with nuances of film noir while the multiple pieces of a huge puzzle fit together to form a bizarre narrative involving right-wing animal activists, end of the millennium paranoia, biological weapons, perception of reality, and the definition of sanity. With such a complex film, Gilliam and Peoples was easy to create a mess, but Twelve Monkeys is a stimulating narrative that will appeal to those who like to be challenged and have the patience to appreciate some crazy ideas. <br /> <br /> I saw this film once about 10 years ago. It marked me a lot: I still remember thinking of many days later; for my young mind this seemed quite upsetting and it was one of the first films to make me appreciate cinema as something serious and important. I saw this movie a few days ago on DVD and it's better than I remembered it. Brad Pitt still steals all the scenes he finds himself in, playing Jeffrey Goines ?? almost a prelude to his character of Tyler Durden in Fight Club ?? a rich child with some anarchist / non-conformist ideas that is also crazy and, according to Cole, perhaps responsible for the virus. The scenes between Jeffrey and Cole in the asylum are the best in the film, Pitt's eyes, his voice and his singular ways convince you that he is really a fool closed in a distorted logic that only he understands. Pitt's Oscar nomination was well deserved! Surprising was also the performance of Bruce Willis: I did not remember it very well, but it is beautiful and full of sensitivity; he plays a man who has spent most of his life underground, and when he returns to the past you will share his childish charm with something as simple as breathing the fresh morning air or watching the rising sun. Cole is a rather ambiguous character, Peoples' tried to infuse some darkness into him, and does other disturbing things to others and to himself: the scene in which he removes his own teeth reveals how far his dementia has gone unchecked . Ironically, Cole didn't start out as a crazy character, but when he starts to warn everyone about the end of the world, he's considered crazy and convinced that it's all in his mind, until he gets to a point where he can't to distinguish the past from the future, reality from fiction. Willis spends a lot of time looking confused and insecure, and it works perfectly. One of the funny twists and turns of the fiction is when Cole's double, Dr Kathryn Railly, finds undeniable evidence that it really comes from the future and now she must convince him again of her mission to save the world. The script is full of strange twists like this and keeps the movie at a fast pace. Their relationship is also well managed, although perhaps a little compressed by the time. But I liked to watch Cole and Railly fall in love and try to escape the authority of the future to live a peaceful life in the past. But then things end up in a tragic / bittersweet climax in an airport, wrapping all the pieces together, which will leave many minds speechless. <br /> <br /> There are two great endings in this film, a breakthrough in the sense of Se7en or Fight Club, and a more intimate ending where Railly is crouched next to Cole, who has just been hit and is looking a younger James Cole who is witnessing the death of himself; the two share a brief look and she smiles at him. The twist is brilliant, but I prefer this ending for emotional impact. Madeleine Stowe is very good at playing Dr. Railly, she has aroused many emotions different from me in her performance. The film is full of a sense of fatalism with the idea that the past cannot be changed: this film shows it in a terrifying way. It reminds me of Chinatown in this sense, the way Jake Gittes messes up everything and tries to help. Does the character of Railly share that fatalism, the more she tries to help Cole ?? first of all does it have to do with his 'madness' and then helped him on his mission ?? the more they are sucked into the tragedy. <br /> <br /> The blow ends with a note of hope, though, with the feeling that Cole's mission was not in vain. Twelve Monkeys is a great movie to watch if you want to be entertained; it should not be art, even if it is more artists than many artistic films. It is an unpretentious film in which all the elements, from music to editing to costume, etc., come together beautifully to produce a masterpiece of modern cinema.
