Stories about the possibility of a post-apocalyptic future have existed for centuries, since the very creation of science fiction as a genre in itself. The fact that today's society is responsible for what the future could become in the near future, and that our own abuses and refusals to see what is right before looking out are at the heart of all these stories, be they good or bad. <br /> <br /> Terry Gilliam, of course, is a natural for this type of film. It gives the film a decadent feeling, showing a society torn by its own excesses and carrying forward the sense of imminent tragedy despite having comedy moments. His world, the world in which TWELVE MONKEYS is born, is a place where madness runs wild, where cities are collapsing in dirt and neglect, where everything bodes despite the brightness of the opening sequence, where madness looms on every corner. This is a very obscure film, but its best, the most linear (despite the twists and turns it holds up), and one that improves with repeated views. <br /> <br /> A tragic event in which a deadly virus was unleashed on humanity in 1996 and thus led to the extermination of Life on the Planet as known. Bring the scientists of the future to try to make amends to change the fate of humanity on Earth by employing renegade citizens - the scum of the Earth - like guinea pigs to go back in time, including a James Cole (undervalued with great effect) by Bruce Willis). Cole could be any person. We do not know anything about him, but in a sense, it does not matter because he is little more than one of the many expendable volunteers and the clues of his character sneak later as he approaches to fulfill his mission. What we do know is that he is a man who dreams and that his dreams may have been real: he may have already been in the scene of the 1996 event. <br /> <br /> It is this constant sense of deja vu that continues to appear during the film. When he was taken to a mental ward by mistake in 1990, he met Jeffrey Goines (prominently played by Oscar-nominated Brad Pitt here) who frantically spat talk about fate and destruction, and Cole later believed he saw Goines in his recurring dream like the man who chases a boy while he runs ... what? He does not know it. Later he meets a psychologist, Kathryn Railly (Madeleine Stowe), and one of his first reactions to him is that he is crazy and has seen him before. This becomes a current concept throughout his participation in this story from passive / resistant to active believer and even a little crazy that Something Terrible is coming this way, especially when he meets him six years later: he has already seen Cole. At the same time, Cole continues to talk about a dream he continues to make, in which he also plays a blonde woman running down the corridor, screaming for help, after the gunshots have broken out and a particular man with a red head in one horsetail (Jeffrey Goines?) He apparently escaped, not before pushing the little boy who is an innocent spectator. The questions arise: have these events happened? Are they going to happen? Who is really part of this, or better yet - is everyone, up to the smallest player, a part of a bigger plot? Or is it all a trick in the fabric of time when Time itself is a huge conveyor belt that shows repetitions of fragments of events that slip continuously? <br /> <br /> These questions are formulated in a masterly sequence that includes key scenes from Alfred Hitchcock's masterpiece VERTIGO in which Madeleine Elster / Judy Barton mourns her brief existence ("You didn't notice," he says, like Cole and Railly looks from their seats in the cinema where they hide). Fragments of dialogue from VERTIGO form an obstacle to the dialogue between Railly and Cole and later, when Cole awakens from appearing dozing in the theater and looks for Railly, he comes face to face with her in disguise (it almost looks like Eva Maria Saint of NORD BY NORTHWEST) while the score of Bernard Herrmann swelling plays the emergence of Judy Barton, dressed as Madeleine Elster. It's a fascinating sequence, especially for the most unlikely appearance of the names of the actors in both films: Madeleine Stowe plays Kathryn Railly wearing a blonde wig and a gray trench coat and calls herself "Judy Simmons" while helping a "madman". "man by the name of James Cole; James Stewart plays a detective who tries to help" mad "Madeleine Elster, who later reappears not once but twice, first as a brunette Judy Barton, and later as Madeleine. Action and re enaction, play and re-play.
