I'm kidding, I rented 12 Monkeys the other day because I'm a big Bruce Willis fan and I heard a few things about the movie. Some good guys and some bad guys, but it was one of those movies that you had to pay attention to every second, so I was a little worried. Just because I felt for a minute if this would be one of those movies that I had to watch several times. But I saw it last night and I was really impressed, this movie had everything in it: action, drama, science fiction, history, dark humor and even a bit of romance. All the actors did an exceptional job, I give a lot of credit to Bruce, during his scene in the car with his psychiatrist, he really took me. But Brad Pitt, I'm just amazed at how great a job it was. He didn't make his character, who was crazy, and made it work and was extremely credible. The story was just scary, but very good and an alarm clock. <br /> <br /> James Cole is a man in the future where a virus has erupted in the past and killed 5 billion people and only 1% of the population survived including him. Animals are now dominating the ground above while humans are down, but scientists send James in 1990 (which really means sending him in '96), to find out about the virus. James is put into a mental institution to meet his new psychiatrist, Dr. Kathryn Raily and another mental patient, Jeffrey Goines. He tells them the future, obviously nobody believes it, he returns to the future. But the scientists send him back to the correct year where James was kidnapped by the doctor, but he tells her more and believes him. Now they are trying to prevent the virus from occurring. <br /> <br /> 12 Monkeys was an incredible film. As I said, the story was so scary just because it's not at all difficult to believe that we're not far from what's happening. But the whole film was just fantastic, the cast, the sets, only the whole picture was fantastic. He had a kind of terminator in which we can lose something precious one day, ourselves if we don't listen to others. What is right and what is wrong? Who knows? But I would highly recommend 12 Monkeys, it's a fantastic film that if you give it the right chance, I'm sure you'll like it. <br /> <br /> 9/10
