An intriguingly daring film intertwines the seemingly effortless camcorder with an exceptional cast and an explosive soundtrack to trace the damaging effects of crime and corruption in Santiago's underworld on two young and naive brothers from the southern city of Temuco. <br /> <br /> Film debutant Daniella Rios is the seductive erotic dancer Gracia, who works in the nightclub owned by the face of the new mini-wave in the Chilean film production, Alejandro Trejo. The elder brother, played in a mature way by Nestor Cantillana, is easily persuaded to become Trejo's henchman, after a night at the stripclub to celebrate the seventeenth birthday of his younger brother Victor (Juan Pablo Miranda). From the opening scene of this opening scene, the film explodes into the neo-noir exploration of all that the outside world usually does not expect to see in this stereotypically conservative and Catholic country. <br /> <br /> Gracia's seductive charm attracts three men like honey bees, although the circular narrative of the three-way fantasy novel revolves around the linear portrayal of Trejo's major international drug deals and the "Gringo", Eduardo Barril. Power relations become a vital topic, since the strangers of society merge into a mini family. The prostitute exercises an exotic spell on all the Chilean men in the film, emerging from her ambiguous position on the periphery of society, and is seen as the key to the future of all three men. The relationships between Trejo and Cantillana become important, as the parents of the boys are conspirators of their absence (it is assumed that they still live in Temuco). Therefore it is Trejo, the godfather, who adopts "Cantillana" and in fact "does" it as a man in the city. Miranda quickly becomes the desperate outsider, since his dependence on his "father figure", Cantillana, becomes increasingly tense with jealousy for the beautiful Gracia. However, Miranda remains trapped by the bond of being still at school - it depends on Cantillana, who depends on Trejo, because the money survives. Trejo, in turn, is under the thumb of the "Gringo", and his wealth has been accumulated through drug dealing and even his strip clubs. The figure of Gracia acts as a time bomb seen as a beautiful firework, enveloping a network of beauty within the patriarchy but the tension can only lead to a climax. <br /> <br /> As the tensions of these power relations come to the head, Gracia remains ambiguously elusive. The viewer is never sure which male figure he will commit to. The film ends tragically and explosively in a shooting that realigns power relations and erases half of the major male protagonists. The final shot of Miranda's beaten face hurtling across the Pan-American highway is desperately powerful. The boy was sucked into the charm of the city's underworld, yet he lost his only visible family, and his woman, who is his only friend in the film. He has nothing The prevailing metaphors are bold and courageous. This is a gangster movie in Chile. The notions of family, no sex before marriage, etc., are abolished, and instead the harsh realities of the other side of the currency of Santiago are shown in all their wild glory. Trejo brutally beats Rios, Rios and Miranda make love in a movie theater - a prostitute having sex with a minor she barely knows. The "gringos" seem to have a financial hold on this small Latin American nation, but not through the copper mines, through the illegal drug route. <br /> <br /> Waissbluth's triumph is in his presentation of this dark underground world, which raises so many social questions, perhaps more than the record success of Sexo Con Amor, inside a smooth and smooth firecracker a film that puts this film firmly alongside Sexo Con Amor, Taxi Para Tres and El chacotero Sentimental, as a cinematic proof that Chile is alive and artistically alive and well in the post-transition period 15 years after the military regime's censorship .
