The director / screenwriter Andrés Waissbluth has worked seven years to complete this two-hour film on underground crime in Santiago, Chile, and perhaps this is one of the reasons why the resulting film seems episodic and in need of editing. Or maybe this is the technique of a director who shows a refined sense of the film noir story. <br /> <br /> Two brothers - Silvio the Elder (Néstor Cantillana) and Victor the Younger (Juan Pablo Miranda) - moved to Santiago from their home in Temuco after the death of their parents and Silvio works to support Victor's education. On Victor's seventeenth birthday, Silvio brings the virgin to the clubs where he encourages Victor to lose his virginity with one of the club's strippers / prostitutes. In a tender scene, Victor faces his nascent helplessness while Silvio is out on the club floor, impressing the "owners" with his rental potential. <br /> <br /> Silvio goes to work for the "band" as a bodyguard / henchman and earns well to support Victor's school. But Victor has the eyes for one of the dancers of the club named Gracia (Antonella Ríos) and starts courting her, leaving school and running into Silvio's disappointed anger. Gracia seems to be the grip of the gang club leader Don Pascual (Alejandro Trejo) who is Silvio's boss! Gracia is the glue that holds this story together while she is the lover of Victor, Silvio and Don Pascual and the consequences of this bizarre ménage a trois have deadly results. Through a means to re-tell the story through the eyes of Victor, Silvio and Gracia, we understand the vulnerabilities and cracks of each character that allow the resulting fall. <br /> <br /> Does it look like a Chilean Pulp Fiction? Well, it is and it is filmed in a brutally colorful and dark way that includes a lot of frontal nudity (both female and male) and provocative sexual encounters. But in the end the sensual aspect of the director's vision is what drives this film, playing with the debutante virginal psyche against the professional hardcore sex worker successfully. The cast is strong enough, especially Antonella Ríos in the demanding role of Gracia. There are enough twists and replays of accidents that you think you have understood the first vision, but that change dramatically in case of impact if told through the eyes of a different character. Confining over two hours, some sensible changes would have helped the film's impact. In Spanish with English subtitles. Recommended for those who love the angular noir style of cinema and the art of South American cinema. Grady Harp
