I hadn't seen this movie in about 35 years, so when I noticed recently that it would be on television (via cable) again for the first time in a long time (not available on video), I made sure I wasn't lost. And unlike so many other films that seem to lose their shine when finally revised, I discovered that the visual images of "Pride of the Marines" were vivid and effective as I remembered them for the first time. What makes this film so special, anyway? <br /> <br /> Everything. Based on the true story of Al Schmid and his ordeal of his marine machine gun at the Battle of the Tenaru River in Guadalcanal in November 1942, the script remains true to 95% of the book it was based on, "Al Schmid, Marine "by Roger Butterfield, which varies enough to meet a film's time limits. This is not a typical "war movie" in which the action is central, and indeed the war scene is a short 10 minutes or so in the middle of the film. But it is a memorable 10 minutes, shot in the lowest possible light to represent a night battle, and lacks the false heroic or falsehood that usually plagues the genre. In a sense, probably ahead of its time, the natural drama of what happened there was more than enough to convey to the public the ugly, brutal and brutal nature of the battle, and probably upset the public when it was seen immediately after the war. This film does not speak of a "glorifying" war; I can't imagine anyone seeing that battle scene and WANTING enlisting in the service. Not immediately, however. <br /> <br /> What this film is really about is the continuation of the battle, and how damaged men can learn to claim their lives. There is an excellent hospital scene in which a dozen men discuss it, and I think this is another reason why the film was received so well - it was exceptionally well written. There is a "dream" sequence made in negative (negative film) that seems almost experimental, and even the acting is strong, led by John Garfield. Garfield was perfect for the role because his natural temperament and Schmid's were almost the same, and Garfield met Schmid and also lived with him for a while to learn how much he could about the man and his role. Actors don't do so much anymore, but added to the equation, it's just another reason why this movie manages to tell such a difficult and unattractive story.
