In the area of ​​films based on scripts from some other area (or whatever the title for that Oscar), "Holes" has credibility. I think it is better that the author creates the script because the author is the creator of the material. If the author cannot write a script to save his life, then he creates the author and someone of fluent talent in the script area. Apart from this, this review concerns "Holes". <br /> <br /> The reasons begin here and a spoiler can be found inside. (1) Louis Sachar is an excellent author and discovers that he can write a script. I watched the movie and then I read the book and both of them didn't cause any inconsistency or stupidity. Some people have only natural talents that can transcend mediums. (2) The award for best performance goes to Shia LaBeouf for her portrait as the main character. He "dug" himself into the role. I wanted to see his character confirmed before the conclusion. (3) To lighten the suspense a little, Andrew Davis was introduced. This is the man who made Harrison Ford hard and fast. He can also make Steven Seagal hit some heads. As for this film, he had Shia and the rest of the guys go on strike. In other words, it can create an "action packed" movie and do it well even if "action" is not the main genre, it is not "action". (4) My second favorite performance goes to Jon Voight as Mr. Sir. Sometimes a silly role brings out the best in an actor. When Voight uttered the phrase "Once upon a time ...", I must have laughed for half a minute because it was so funny. He is capable of comedy and should investigate some other roles that allow him to exercise that talent. (5) Tim Blake Nelson is very solid every time he is given a solid script. This is probably the second best role I've seen it in (second only to "O Brother Where Art Thou?"). (6) I love the choice of settings for the film. I didn't know that California was dry or sterile. I guess the population and land surface figures can be misleading. (7) The general appearance of the film made me want another bottle of water. One could only imagine digging a hole in that barren area for half a day. (8) The rest of the cast should also deserve a box of Kudos bars. Sigourney Weaver, Henry Winkler, Khleo Thomas, Jake M. Smith and the rest of the account were exploited for their talent and proved to be very good. Great cast even though it was everywhere near ensemble. (9) I like a movie that doesn't explain anything right away. When Stanley hit those baseball cleats on his head, he made me want to see how strange the events could be and that's a key ingredient to making a good movie. (10) Disney Pictures (not Touchstone, DISNEY !!) needs to do a little more of these mature youth films. It was pleasant for me and I am a university student. The last mature Disney movie I saw was "Something Evil in This Way" and "Buchi" could outdo it (like the 2000 elections, it's still to close). Disney can do greatness if they decide to expand on this genre and keep the art in mind to milk a cow from money when they see it. Ten reasons give a score of ten! <br /> <br /> All in all, "Holes" is one of my favorite Disney movies and probably one of the best this year (granted this movie may not be an Oscar movie but who said The Oscar material is the best material?). In terms of being a movie based on a book I read, this acts as a "Fight Club" to my list (which is at the top). For a film that I saw in 2003, this is in the top five (somewhere behind "Mystic River"). Compared to "Harry Potter", Stanley Yelnats easily takes a shovel on Harry's head and brings the final deadly blow with a smelly sneaker to Potter's nose. Everyone should see this film because it informs and entertains. Here ends my rant!
