And I'm serious! Truly one of the most fantastic films I've ever had the pleasure of watching. What is so wonderful is that very rarely a good book turns into a film that is not only good, but possibly better than the novel on which it is based. Maybe in the case of Lord of the Rings and Trainspotting, but it's really a rare event. But I think the fact that Louis Sachar was involved from the beginning helped the masses, so that the film gets closer to the plot, but takes it even further. This film has many elements that make it what it is: <br /> <br /> 1. A unique and original story with a good mix of fun and humor, but a mature side. 2. Brilliant actors. Both adults and children, these actors know how to give life to the story and offer their lines with enthusiasm and style without exaggerating, as sometimes happens with children's films. 3. Stunning landscapes. And it doesn't matter if it's real or CGI, the setting itself is a masterpiece. I especially like the image of holes from a bird's eye view. 4. A talented director who animates the book and turns it into a genius technicolor. Transitions over time work well and capture the constant climax from the book, leading to turns throughout the film. 5. Louis Sachar! The guy who made me read a book without interruption from beginning to end so that I couldn't put it down. He makes sure the script stays true to the book, with new bits added to make it even better. 6. And talking about the script! The headers in this are intelligent, funny and not punishable. But there are also parts to make you smile, make you cry and tug your heart strings to make you love this story even more. 7. Beautiful soundtrack. There's not a song in this movie that I didn't fall in love with, and that's something considering I should be a punk-rocker. The songs connect well with the story and add extra jazz to the overall style of the film. If you intend to buy the film, I suggest you also buy the soundtrack, especially for "If Only", which revolves around the story and contains the choir of the book. <br /> <br /> I don't work for the people who created Holes, by the way, I'm just a fan, connecting my favorite movie and giving the review it deserves. If you haven't seen it, do it. Now. This same moment. Leave!
