Holes is a fairy tale about the past and how it affects the current lives of at least three people. One of them I will name, the other two are mysteries and will remain so. Holes is a story of Stanley Yelnats IV. He is unlucky in life. The unfortunate, in fact, characterizes the fate of most of the men of Yelnats and has since been exploited by Stanley IV "not-good-dirty-pig-theft-bis-bis-great-grandfather". Those particular exploits have cursed the men of the family to many an unfortunate turning point. It is during a turning point that we meet Stanley IV. He was falsely accused of stealing a pair of baseball shoes, just donated to a homeless auction, by a famous baseball player. He is given the chance to go to jail, or he can go to a character building field. "I've never been to the camp before," says Stanley. With this, the Judge enthusiastically sends him to Camp Green Lake. <br /> <br /> Camp Green Lake is a strange place, with a strange philosophy, "If you take a bad boy, make him make a hole in the hot sun every day, he will turn him into a good boy." Let's learn this little pearl of wisdom by Mr. Sir (John Voight) one of the "councilors" of the camp. We immediately have the impression that he is a dangerous man. At least honestly wear his attitude; he doesn't think it's cute. The councilor of the camp council, Mr. Pendanski (Tim Blake Nelson) is completely different. He acts in the part of the sensitive adviser, but he is fast, faster than anyone else in the authority to unleash the most cruel verbal mistakes in his offices. The Warden has a strong capacity for malice, but apart from that, it's a mystery. These three govern the Green Lake Camp, a place that has no lake. It's just a dusty and full of holes, five feet deep and five feet wide. Its local fauna, seems to be only the vultures and dangerous poisonous lizards stained with yellow. Green Lake appears to be, in many ways, a haunted place. <br /> <br /> Holes works despite the strange setting and the strange story, because it understands people. Particularly because he is honest in the way he treats Camp Green Lake inmates. The film captures the way kids interact perfectly with each other. Capture the way kids can bully each other, the way they can gain admiration, the way they fight each other, and the way kids team up along the age line . It is this nuanced core that makes anything else in the film credible. What is also refreshing about this film is the good nature of its main character. He does not believe in a family curse, he is not embittered by the infamous feats of his "not-good-dirty-sty-stealing-bis-bis-great-grandfather" In fact, he loves listening to the story. Stanley IV is not bitter of the past, and determined not to let it affect the way he influenced his father and grandfather. There is sometimes a lot of sadness in the film, but there is not much anguish that grips us. And this is refreshing. <br /> <br /> Holes is a smart, intuitive and witty family film. Entertains, and not in any way economic. It's not a comedy, even if it has its laughter. Dare to be addictive, where many family films tend to sound safe and conventional. As such, it transcends family film genres and simply becomes a good movie that everyone can enjoy. I give him a 10.
