Gruveyman2 (comment below) you are a complete idiot ... blinded by ignorance from the same city to which you are faithful. It is that plaintive arrogance, which you are ironically stating that the film oozes on SF, which makes you look like the typical LA A ** hole! The only reason you heard that the movie was so smug about SF is because you're jealous. Of course you don't know because you're so depressed. First of all the film was completely based on a beautiful city; what was filmed there and what was filmed by some of its most famous venues. He doesn't say anything bad in Los Angeles; and these famous directors choose to live in a beautiful city on Los Angeles. They recognize that they went to film school in Los Angeles and of course they are proud of it. They recognize that SF is close to Los Angeles, which is an advantage. The only negative thing that was reported in Los Angeles was about the studio executives. The same studio executives who hated these kids' movies when they first saw them, but then those same films became huge world-class films. So why wouldn't they have an animosity towards the executive study and the study system? These are the only people who are trying to "dissociate" and for good reasons! Don't be so sensitive! How can you say that Francis Ford Coppola is the so-called director of San Francisco? How can this not be considered? And who directed The Godfather? Coppola did. It was his vision that told the story on the screen that earned him the award for best film. So who gave him the job? He admits in the documentary that he didn't even want to make the film .... so what's your point? What if Sophia wants to live in Los Angeles? And this shows your point how? And tell me how they are not really independent when they fund many of their films. Movies that are now considered classics. And, when they made films with the studio's funding, one, it was LA who came to them and said we wanted you to take these pictures and two, that they used the money they made by making these pictures to finance theirs. They said exactly this in the film. <br /> <br /> "Your whining and whining whining will take on an air of greater respect and self-confidence if you never set foot on the ground that you claim to be superior to this movie." <br /> <br /> How the hell can "curse" and "self-satisfaction" suddenly have an air of respect and self-confidence ... if they never go to Los Angeles again? What a stupid and senseless comment! You have entered some big words there ... and you don't know how to use them! And by the way, they never claimed or implied that they were superior to Los Angeles! So what if you give a guy in New York a prize in LA ... again what the hell is your point? So if they go to LA or New York are they hypocrites simply preferring to live in San Francisco? It does not make sense. <br /> <br /> San Francisco is proud of itself, its heritage and the people who make it what it is today. This film focuses only on one aspect ... film. So that you can take the time and write such unpleasant comments on the city (not on the film! But the city and its people) only shows what is northern California that hates LA people! THIS IS A GREAT DOCUMENTARY ... VERY INTERESTING, ESPECIALLY IF YOU ARE FROM THE BAY AREA ... BUT WE RECOMMEND IT TO ANYONE.
