The trick to creating a good and solid mystery story is as much a matter of timing as its on the plot of tricks, colorful characters or surprising twists. Anyone who has ever experienced a frustration with an unfinished Sunday New York Times crossword knows that any puzzle that takes too long to solve ceases to be fun. The best mysteries of murder, whether they are on the film or in print, are small business that come to the point, explain their clues, align their suspects and, hopefully, strike us with some surprises; be complicated without being overly confused. And they play well; on the second, third and fourth vision of clues and falsehoods, we should be just as happy to see how well everything is being put together at first by surprise. In fact, good thrillers should improve in repeated views as we anticipate double and triple crossovers. <br /> <br /> Sidney Lumet's thriller DEATHTRAP, derived from Ira Levin's Broadway comedy, is a great example. He moves along an orderly sequence, cleverly manipulating his clues, being (almost) totally honest with us (even when he's lying to us) and yet never revealing where he's going (even when he's telling us where he could go). It is less a mysterious film of murder in the traditional weather vane than a film about the mysteries of murder, derived from a play on the screenplay. Rather than turning back - a murder and then an investigation to explain why everything happened - DEATHTRAP guides us through the crime (s) step by step, leaving ample room for the unexpected; as advertisers suggest, it is less a "whodunit" than a "who'lldoit". <br /> <br /> DEATHTRAP is often compared (unfavorably, strangely enough) to versions of SLEUTH and movies, although in reality it has much more in common with SCREAM, the self-deprecating essay on teenager-bopper horror films. Like that intelligent film, DEATHTRAP labels itself (a thriller about thrillers), sets its parameters ("a moneymaker of a character of five characters") and then proceeds to deconstruct its genre revealing itself as "the most extravagant and absurd together of circumstances funny enough to convince an audience to suspend disbelief. "<br /> <br /> DEATHTRAP bravely offers us a mystery with only five main characters, two of which are of minimal importance. Henry Jones, as a quack lawyer, is mostly on display (and to provide us with his penchant for popular charm) and Irene Worth is all an oddity and a comic relief like a cheeky psychic who acts as a nominal detective. This leaves three main characters to be the killer (s) and / or the victim (s): it is a testament to the capabilities of Michael Caine who, like Sidney Bruhl, an author of mysterious dramas, creates a character that we intrinsically like and we trust, even if we immediately recognize that almost everything he says is a lie. Like adoring wife, even if a bit cheeky, Myra, Dyan Canon flirts to be over the top giving a roller coaster ride to an exhibition with a character who in turn seems to be fragile or overbearing, crafty or hysterical, shy or bold and uncompromisingly in love with a less than mutual Sidney. The third corner of this unexpected triangle is a playwright by the name of Clifford Anderson played by Christopher Reeve in such a way that he can never understand who his character is: passionate writer of would-be heroes, semi-innocent victim or cleverly charming sociopath. While the various characters dance with each other, the skilled script adapted by the ace writer Jay Presson Allen manages to be constantly entertaining, even if it creates suspense. And even after the final twist (an improvement on the end of the game), it may not be clear who manipulated who to do what. <br /> <br /> Lumet is by no means a master of comedy, so he lets his capable cast have a free reign to give body to the characters and everyone gives a sharp, theatrical, but subtle work with Reeve who is particularly noteworthy. But what Lumet does so well is working skillfully in narrow rooms. As he brilliantly did in 12 ANGRY MEN, he takes a game of a set, and with a minimum of openness, he manages to make what could have been tight, seasoned and stagnant, it seems infinitely photogenic and spacious. The setting, a country house converted from an old windmill, is relatively small, but as designed by Tony Walton it manages to be both welcoming and charming, as well as spooky and treacherous. It is really hard to say where the studio is located and the real country house beyond the borders that in a sense the set becomes a sixth character. And as a crime scene, it's really a very inviting death trap.
