One of the greatest cult classics of b-and c-movie producer Roger Corman was the Ramones vehicle (originally designated for Cheap Trick), Rock N 'Roll High School. It's just a simple and technically dated story (but we need extra doses of nostalgic humor considering these were the things that made Napoleon Dynamite's characters fun - see Eaglebauer's van) on teenagers who love rock n 'roll. <br /> <br /> The students of the Vince Lombardi school encounter the resistance of the evil headmaster, Miss Evelyn Togar (played by the classic cult favorite, Mary Woronov) who fears that Rock N 'Roll will turn children into uncontrollable, amoral deviations and votes to make a Rock N 'Roll-free zone. In fact, she intends to wipe out the Rock N 'Roll for all students, regardless of whether she is in school, and has the collaboration of most adults who could make the plan successful. <br /> <br /> But not if Riff Randell (PJ Soles) can help him. Ramones fanatic, he wrote some songs (including the Rock N 'Roll High School) he wants to give to the Ramones, and in an attempt to do so, he is rejected by Miss Togar who does everything possible to prevent her from going to see the Ramones playing in city. It culminates in a final revolt among obsolete adults who hate fun and adolescents (in a finale that is somewhat reminiscent of Over the Edge). After the years of punk, when the fame of garage rockers, the Ramones (and others) would have marked another change in musical evolution, it was nice to see a film that celebrated the fun of everything and in such a humorous and exaggerated way. <br /> <br /> It's a mostly mild comedy, but it's still a great comedy to feel good when you're in the mood for something more relaxed to entertain. With Jerry Zucker (from Airplane starvation) and Joe Dante (from the fame of Gremlins) who took part in some of the directories, you can get the idea of ​​what kind of humor you like (and not to mention, expect to see Dick Miller too if only for a few minutes in the end of the film). The story must later be inspired (and subsequently updated) to the mid-90s comedy, Detroit Rock City, that some minor changes in the vehicle for aged glam rock, Kizz. <br /> passing on the vehicle Corey Feldman, Rock N 'Roll High Forever, came out almost a decade later. The original is still the best.
