Having already seen the abbreviated print presented by David Shepard, I finally got a complete - or more complete - version, which was about 56 minutes compared to the more widely distributed 30-minute version. The Shepard print for Image Entertainment is certainly of superior quality, and the best parts are there, but it's still nice to see the rest of the film and fill in some loose stories. <br /> <br /> In the Shepard press, the film ends with Maria stating: "See, I've changed my mind, I'll never go home." Yet, in the full version, are Mary and Kenneth Driscoll ending their relationship right after that scene? Maria back home in the countryside ?? and Driscoll rekindles his relationship with Vivian. This additional movie develops the character Vivian, which has had little relevance in the Shepard version. Also, in the full version, the film begins in the New Jersey campaign with Mary, where she reads and fantasizes about her ideal lover. She is disappointed by the reality of the "farm boy" Johnny Applebloom's progress (a character completely absent from the Shepard version), but after his relationship with Driscoll, he presumably returns to the country and eventually becomes a farmer's wife. /> <br /> Regardless of the press, "A Girl's Folly" is a good little film for 1917, made by one of the top directors of the Maurice Tourneur of the '10s. In it, Tourneur takes many shots at his activity, even playing a caricature of himself - the director of the film within the film. The two protagonists also give quality performances from the first film standards: Robert Warwick, actor who plays a star who chases the skirt, and Doris Kenyon, as a naive who aspires to play a character on the screen. <br /> <br /> The self-referential films, which made cinema the focal point of the films, were nothing new by now. Mack Sennett had already parodied this type of film three years earlier with "Mabel's Dramatic Career". However, several aspects of this stand out. Frances Marion's subtitles are humorous, including the illustrations of the actors on a chessboard with a hand that directs them - remarkable for 1917. I particularly liked the final titles of the film in which two observers observe the film's happy ending: "Damn but it's not so Romantick! " And, the other answers, "Romance, nuthin! ?? This is movin 'images!" Female screenwriter Anita Loos made a similar self-referential conclusion to another 1917 film "Wild and Woolly". Both writers have helped change the role of their professions in business and art. <br /> <br /> Some of the photographs by Tourneur and John van den Broek are good, especially with regard to film production. The use of mirrors in different scenes is a good reinforcement of the film's self-reflexivity. Furthermore, the assembly is exceptional. The rapid intersection during the studio scenes is particularly salient; serves to mark the frenetic rhythm in which the filmmakers work, especially at the time.
