Riff Randell is a wildly obsessed fan of the rock band; The Ramones and so are most of the school's students. But a new tyrant of a headmaster, Mrs. Togar, thinks that rock 'n' roll has a bad influence on students, especially the music of the Ramones. So, when Riff discovers that they perform in the city, he skips the lesson for a couple of days to get tickets for himself and his friends. But when Mrs. Togar finds out why she really took those days out she confiscates the tickets. While it's happening, Tom Roberts is totally in love with Riff, but Riff's friend, Kate Rambeau, feels the same way about Tom. But Riff has his eyes focused only on the singer Joe Ramone and, hopefully, reaching that concert to make them play his song. <br /> <br /> Fun! Fun! Fun! Yes, is it true that "Rock n Roll High School" does not move away from its main goal? a chatter, a battered braggart! It was not what I expected, that's for sure. All those participating in this dandy project seem to be enjoying themselves and the relaxing nature of this on-screen show with the energy that provides such a bright spirit, which makes it a priceless experience. This does not mean that I think his art and plot are as useless as can be. But looking at this passionate and crazy race that degenerates into some nice harmless jokes, I couldn't just take the smile off my face. It's tacky, very poor, densely chaotic, but damn it's fun! <br /> <br /> This low-budget, B-level function of producer Roger Corman and John Dante was a co-writer (plus he co-directed some scenes in which director Allan Arkush was hospitalized in hospital in the last photos). It is basically a glorious tribute to the 1950s rock films by adhering to the fruitful clichés and stewing the label of adolescent rebellion because of the generation gap between them and the adults (whom they know better and better). These characteristics may not be particularly fresh, but arouse a certain charm due to the dynamic and tasteful treatment. The film has only one thing in mind, to go out on the bang! And they can do it. Courtesy of 'The Ramones', who play themselves. Really, one could say that it's a great trendy video clip, since it's all about the Ramones ?? well, most of it anyway. I see a lot of flack towards the acting ability of the Ramones. These are musicians and not actors, which means that it's not about their acting here, it's the music we should be digging. I'm here to perform! Which, in this way, offer some traces from the ass that have enriched the film to create a totally optimistic atmosphere. Above all, their sparkling concert performances. The soundtrack also had some killer tracks by other artists such as Devo, The Velvet Underground, MC5, Fleetwood Mack, Eddie and Hot Rods and Alice Cooper. But these jump tracks are well suited to the carefree feeling and the score has also been worked quite well. Especially in the scenes involving Ms. Togar with the score that captures the right mood surrounding her mind. The film's playful atmosphere is practically like a roller coaster ride with such a lively rhythm between electrifying melodies and comic segments ranging from scattered slapstick routines to sometimes intelligent and ironic dialogues. A good deal is a variety of light and heavy gags, which I found very pleasant and which gave it a wider range to express itself. <br /> <br /> What gave the film a further boost was the divine PJ Soles (better known for his performance on Halloween), who gave such a performance as the pungent Riff Randell. Other exemplary performances were Dey Young, such as the extremely pretty Kate Rambeau, Vincent Van Patten as the clumsy Tom Roberts and the go to man Eaglebauer which is played beautifully by Clint Howard. Also some Corman regulars have performed very well with Mary Woronov, excellent as the demanding Mrs Togar who is pushing her unjust reign towards students, Paul Bartel in the role of Mr. McGree and a small supporting role from Dick Millar towards the end . The enthusiastic acting is rather campy, but it is fine with the material and there is a certain sympathy deriving from these characters, but we totally despise Mrs. Togar and her cinema guards. <br /> <br /> There's no need to beat the bush here when I say "Rock 'n' Roll High School" is a heady scream, of a rad time!
