THE BRAIN THAT WOULD NOT DIE was considered so disgusting in 1959 that several cuts were needed and the passage of three years before it was released in 1962. Today it is difficult to imagine how someone could have taken it seriously even in 1959; the thing is both filthy and dark, but it is also incredibly ridiculous in a deeply irritating way. <br /> <br /> The story, of course, concerns a doctor who is an enthusiastic experimenter in limb transplantation - and when his girlfriend is killed in a car accident, he rushes into his secret lab. With the help of some phone cords, a pair of pliers, and one that looks very much like a shallow pan, brings his head back to life. But is she grateful? As soon as. In fact, it seems powerfully marked by the whole thing, particularly when it transpires that the doctor plans to attach the head to another body. <br /> <br /> As it happens, the doctor is fussy for this new body: He wants one built for speed, and brings the baffled women to turn on the sidewalks of the city, to attend the joints of the strips, to visit competitions beautiful and to hunt cheesecake models in search of skills that will raise eyebrows. But back to the lab, the head developed a chemically induced psychic bond with another of the doctor's experiments, one so horrible that it is kept hidden out of sight in a practical lab cabinet. Can they work together to get rid of the bitter and mischievous assistance of the lab, ruin revenge on the doctor and save the woman whose body he fights? It could be! The main man Jason Evers plays the smart doctor as if he was given a large dose of Spanish fly; Virginia Leith, her unhappy head, screams and chuckles despite the fact that she has no lungs and maybe not even her vocal cords. Busty girls turn to incredibly tacky music, actors transform irrational characters from one line to another, dialogue is even more senseless than plot, and you'll need a calculator to add up the constant jokes. Overall THE BRAIN THAT DOES NOT MOVE DIES emerges as even more unintentionally fun than an Ed Wood movie. <br /> <br /> The director Joseph Green actually manages to keep it all moving with a nice clip, and watching the movie today it's easy to choose the scenes that influenced later directors, who undoubtedly saw the what when they were young and impressionable and never got over it. The cuts made before the film went into production are lost forever, but the cuts made for television have been restored in the Alpha version, and while the film and sound quality are not particularly large, it is equally important to remember that it probably does not they were "all this to start with. <br /> <br /> Now, this is one of those movies that you might find incredibly boring or wildly hilarious, depending on your point of view, so it's very difficult to make a recommendation But I'll say this : if your tastes are similar to those of Ed Wood or Russ Meyers, you have to cut out this and now! Four stars only for his bizarre guitarist! GFT, Amazon reviewer
