There are two cinematic experiences that I will always love. The first was to see "Star Wars" for the first time at 10 with my little brother. A closing second is slipping into Halloween at the Tripple Plex with my good friend, Trevor, towards the end of October 1978. Halloween left me breathless, speechless and completely scared. Everyone knows the story. The young Michael Myers decides to kill his sister at Halloween in 1963. 15 years later he escapes to a psychiatric hospital to return to Haddofield to once again devastate the chaos. Locates Laurie (Jamie Lee Curtis), a shy old woman who enjoys babysitting and starts to haunt her. His jubilant friends across the street are killed, one by one as Michael sets his plot to take it. Ironically, the Halloween boy is afraid of the "Boogeman" and can see him out. During the murder, Dr. Sam Loomis (Donald Pleasance) works hard to find Michael before he unleashes his fury. He has no evidence or evidence, only an intuition that he must sell to Sheriff Bracket (Charles Cyphers). As the plot unfolds, you have a suspense-based movie instead of an electrifying scare. Alfred Hitchcock once said, "You can have four men at a table playing cards and they don't know there's a bomb and it goes off." It is an economic thrill, but you put four men at a table who discover a bomb and discuss what to do about it - then it doesn't go, so you have suspense ". Director John Carpenter brings this advice to the bottom of Halloween. out of him, watching, persecuting his victims. We gasp. Will he kill her? When will he kill her? So, Michael disappears. Carpenter also uses suspense instead of special effects that usually highlight the gore. but it still offers good fears. One of the best scenes is Michael lifting Bob from the ground. "Fall without life. Carpenter was the first to use a vantage point from the killer scene. This also hits our audience. What will he do? What's going on in his mind? Finally, the score obsessively but Carpenter branch increases the tension. Furthermore, the tandem script he did with Debra Hill gives us a story that develops characters we care about. The boys are not "partygoers", but merely go through the rebellious anguish of the desolate teenage land. Finally, there is a decent acting in this low-budget thriller "B". Nick Castle, who plays "The Shape" (Michael), adds something to the brainless killer. It is cold, without pity and without any pathology. Moreover, the personality does everything the same way. It only kills when it is trapped, or to create a trap. He shares the victims in pieces. He also relies on brute force. And that used mask (a bleached William Shatner mask) gives the impression of something that has no soul or emotion. While Pleasance is melodramatic in his unmoved monologues, he runs into someone scared, desperate and determined. It made me think if it represented the attempt to fade modernism to explain evil. The crown jewel, however, is the debut of Jamie Lee Curtis. He plays the character of Laurie as someone scared, but also determined and strong that he fights against. The end is the one that left me speechless. This was the first concept of an indestructible serial killer that could not be stopped. Movies like Star Wars have the advantage of being able to be appreciated numerous times. Halloween and other scary movies, however, do not have this advantage. So, if we could erase our mind from the first time we see a movie to experience it as new and fresh, Halloween would be the movie I would choose.
