As I said before, John Carpenter's 1978 is one of the first two films I remember seeing and being strongly influenced by (the other being the classic Conan the Barbarian). It really scared me that the only monster under my bed was Michael Meyers, who eventually made me a friend (an imaginary friend) to stop him from killing me in his sleep. Now this is terror for a 10-year-old child. <br /> <br /> It's a classic horror and I'm sure my modest review won't do the justice it deserves. The most surprising thing of all is that the film still works, perhaps not in the guttural reaction but more than an immediate cognitive or subconscious possibility. All this could happen. It is not in the realm of impossibility or it is in a foreign country (like most modern horror films, ie Hostel, Touristas, Cry Wolf, Saw, etc.). Sometimes it's graphic while the rest is relegated to our imagination. I believe this element keeps people terrified or, at least, wary of going out at night with the original soundtrack still vivid in their heads. It still works because we can replace the implicit or tertiary killing with something more terrifying than our mind can create. So we ourselves are contributing to our fears and anxieties. <br /> <br /> Carpenter weaves a simple story about a child of every day, middle class, suburban and relatively benign who shoots on Halloween and kills his sister. He then spent the next 15 years in an institution (which fortunately we do not live) just to escape and return to his hometown, the infamous Haddonfield. On his way he kills and kills. The child's name is Michael Meyers, although he is not a person. John Carpenter uses Michael Meyers as a metaphor against the implicit security of the bourgeois suburbs. In the bastion of American security and safety, chaos can still strike. <br /> <br /> Michael stopped being a person once he was killed. He is not a serial killer, a human being or a psychopath. It is an unstoppable force. The generic suit, the white bleached Shatner mask and the lack of a dialogue different from that of the breath, helps to dehumanize and complete Michele's generation. This is the source of all his power. He is faceless, speechless and insignificant in any way except as a source of inexorable chaos. This is aided by cinematography (post card effect), lack of information / motivation / explanation and the veteran narrative experience of Donald Pleasence (Dr. Loomis). Its best performance and discomfort sells "The Shape". This is also the first film starring Jamie Lee Curtis as Laurie Strode, the innocent girl who dissuades chaos in the face of stunning odds (at least for a while). <br /> <br /> Although this is not the first film in this new horror film niche (Black Christmas came out 4 years earlier), it is the most successful and does not diminish with the revision. If you haven't been scared of horror movies for a long time (like me), this will probably make your hair vibrate behind your head in the first chords of the signature soundtrack. I highly recommend this film as a horror movie to see and one of the pinnacles of John Carpenter's career.
