I have to admit, this is one of my favorite horror movies of all time. The unique way in which John Carpenter directed this image, opening the door to so many mock-genres, will leave you speechless if it is the first time you look at it or your fiftieth. The sound, the horrible menacing of Michael Meyers and the infamous scream of Jamie Lee Curtis give this film an instant cult status and a great start for the independent era. I love music, I love the characters, the familiar yet spooky setting, the simplistic nature of the bad guy and the random chaos of all this. There is really no rhyme or reason to kill in this first film, giving us a taste of Michael's true nature. Is he crazy, or somehow just a very bright beast? This question can never be given a true answer, but Carpenter gives us 100% and more devotion to this extraordinary masterpiece. <br /> <br /> John Carpenter is the master of horror. While lately his films have not been the caliber of the past (see Ghosts of Mars), Halloween has begun his career forge. This is his last film. While releasing other greats, I will always remember it as the movie that made me turn on all the lights, be careful when you babysit and check behind closed doors, because you never knew where the evil would appear. Carpenter has this incredible ability to bring you into the world in which it is intertwined. With the power of his camera, he places these Meyers images in the least expected places giving you the perception of how the killer was right next to you. I love every scene in which we were shooting and there was Michael, who watched from afar, without anyone knowing. It was scary, but absolutely brilliant. I loved the scenes in which Carpenter pulled the almost thin-looking fright. You would be there, minding your own business, when suddenly that horrid mask would appear out of nowhere. Like the characters, you also thought it was just a trick, but that's where Carpenter takes you, it's not. Michael is not a ghost, he is a human being (or at least we think), yet he has a mental ability stronger than most of the main characters. This leads to some really obscure themes and unexplored symbolisms, but even without this, this is a ghostly film. <br /> <br /> So if you didn't have enough of Michael just by vaporizing in the windows of your house, Carpenter adds that chilling theme music. I still remember that touch of the piano keys, constantly wondering if Meyers would look at me from the window. Carpenter has found the perfect combination of visual fear and chilling sounds to prefigure what could happen to our unsuspecting victims. It's lethal, and it's made with the refreshing originality and the most unique emotions of any other release of today's Hollywood Horror. Carpenter's Halloween is a breath of fresh air in the midst of what could be a horrible year, with the real fear of being replaced by Paris Hilton, you know that quality is not exactly the same. <br /> <br /> Finally, I would like to say that even the simplistic nature of the opening murder in this film is terrifying and chilling. The use of the "clown" mask made me shiver down my spine. The way it was shot with that stretched shot using the child's mask as if it were in our eyes is still one of the best horror openings ever! Set the tone completely for the rest of that movie. You have the theme of babysitting, you have the childish behavior that accompanies Michael throughout the film and you have Carpenter's artistic talent all in one. I could literally talk for hours about this movie, but I'd rather look at it again. It is worth repeating the visit many times! <br /> <br /> Overall, I think this is one of the most important films in the history of cinema. Skip all those foreign films that think they can shell out the face of the movies leaving them on a tight budget Carpenter and the genre of slasher movies. This unique film has redefined an entire generation of horror films and continues to be an influence on the horror tricks of our day. The lethal combination of a genuinely spooky murderer, the powerful cinematography of events (which normally doesn't come very close to horror movies) and the beauty of Jamie Lee Curtis is exactly what makes the Halloween movie above the rest. Sure, Freddy is strong and you feel sympathy for Jason, but Michael is real, he's upset, and he has a free will for the blood of babysitters. What can be better? <br /> <br /> Vote: ***** on *****
