Halloween is not only the godfather of all slasher movies, but the greatest horror film ever! John Carpenter and Debra Hill have created the most suspenseful, gruesome and terrifying film of all time with this classic chiller. Michael Myers is such a phenomenal monster in this film that he has inspired dozens of imitators, such as Jason Vorhees (Friday 13), The Miner (My Bloody Valentine) and Charlie Puckett (The Night Brings Charlie). Ok, so I've become a bit obscure, but it's just to show you the impact this movie has had on the whole horror genre. He is no longer a monster that must come from King Tut's tomb or from Dr. Frankenstein's laboratory. It could be created in the small, cozy neighborhoods of the suburbs. And in The Night He Came Home ... Haddonfield, Illinois and the spectators would never have been the same. There are many aspects of this film that make it the flagship of horror movies. The first is the setting ... it takes place in what appears to be a normal suburban neighborhood. Many of us who grew up in an area like this can easily identify with the characters. This is the kind of neighborhood you feel safe in, but if the trouble starts to ferment, no one wants to lift a finger to get involved (especially when a madman who is breathing heavily is trying to pierce our young heroine). Along with the setting, the film takes place at Halloween !! The scariest night of the year! While most people are carving jack-o-lanterns, Michael Myers is trying to carve out teenie-boppers. In addition to the setting, there is a great acting. Jamie Lee Curtis does a useful job as our heroine, Laurie Strode, a high school high school girl who can never find an appointment. However, it's Donald Pleasance, like Dr. Sam Loomis, who really steals the show. His portrait of the good doctor, who knows exactly what kind of evil lies behind Michael Myers' black eyes and feels compelled to send him to hell once and for all, is the stuff of the horror legend. However, it is the synthesizer's soundtrack that really drives this image, as it almost seems to put the viewer in the film. Once you feel it, you will never forget it. I also like the grainy feel of this image. Nowadays, they seem to sharpen the image of each film, giving us every possible detail of the monster we should be afraid of. On Halloween, John Carpenter never really lets us take a complete look at Michael Myers. It always seems like it's part of the shadow, and I think that's what makes it so terrifying. There are many scenes in which Michael is partly visible while spying on young teenagers (unbeknownst to them), which adds to his creepiness. If you think about it, a fool could look at you right now and you wouldn't even know it. Unfortunately for our kids (and luckily for us horror fans), when they find Michael, he's not looking for candy on this Halloween night ... he's looking for blood. Finally, Michael Myers, himself, is a key element of the effectiveness of this film. His incessant search for Laurie Strode makes him look like the murderer who will never stop. It's the scarecrow that will haunt you for the rest of your life. So, if you haven't seen this movie (if there are still some of you out there who don't have, or even have), take some popcorn, turn off all the lights, insert them into the old DVD and watch them startled. Trick or treat!
