I recently went through a stage where I wanted to understand why the horror films of the 90s can't keep up with the horror films of the 70s and 80s. I was very public in this forum about the cowardice of films like The Haunting and Urban Legend and so on. I feel that they (and others like them) don't know what real horror is. And it annoyed me to the point where he made me go to my local video store and rent some of the classic horror movies. I already own all of Friday, so I rented The Texas Chainsaw Massacre, the original Nightmare On Elm Street, Jaws, The Exorcist, Angel Heart, The Exorcist and Halloween. Now the other films are classics, but this is where I want to tell you about Halloween. Because what Halloween does is perhaps something that no other film in the history of horror can do, and that uses subtle techniques, techniques that are not based on blood and blood, and uses them to scare the living lights of you. . I was in a room alone with the lights off and, foolish as I knew, I wanted to look behind me to see if Michael Myers was there. No film I've seen in the last ten years has done this to me. No movies. <br /> <br /> John Carpenter took a low-budget film and scared a generation of spectators. He has shown that he does not need 8 or 9 digit budgets to evoke the fear of an audience. Because sometimes the best element of fear is not what really happens, but what is going to happen. What is that shadow? What was that upstairs noise? He knows these are the ways to scare someone and use every element of horror textbook that I think you can use. I even think he invented some of his ideas and these should be ideas that people use today. But they don't. Nobody uses lights and details to cause fear, they use special effects and rivers of blood. And it's not the same. You can't be frightened by a giant special effect that makes loud noises and jumps out of a wall. These are the moments when the killer is lurking, somewhere, you simply don't know where, that scares you. And Halloween succeeds like no other film in this effort. <br /> <br /> In 1963 a young Michael Myers killed his sister with a large butcher knife and then spent the next 15 years of his life, quietly locked up in an institution. As Loomis (his doctor) tells Sheriff Brackett, "I spent eight years trying to reach him and then seven more, making sure he never came out, because what I saw behind those eyes was pure e-vil." manic and relentless idea of ​​a killer who will stop at nothing to get what he wants. And all he wants here is to kill Laurie. No one knows why he wants to kill her, but he does. (Halloween II continues the story quite well) <br /> <br /> What Carpenter has done here is taken by an unsettling score, false lighting techniques and has written and directed a masterpiece of horror with a fast pace. There is a scene that needs to be described. And that's the scene where Annie is going to get Paul. She goes to the car and tries to open it. Only then did he realize that he had left his keys at home. He takes them, returns and inadvertently opens the door of the car without using the keys. The audience takes this, but she doesn't. She's too busy thinking about Paul. When sitting, note that the windows are fogged up. She remains perplexed and starts sweeping the fog, then Myers hits from the back seat. This is such a great scene because it pays attention to details. We know what's going on and Annie isn't. But it is the astute remarks that Carpenter made film-goers frighten in 1978 and beyond. <br /> <br /> Halloween uses blurry images of a killer standing in the background, has shadows sliding ominously on a wall, dark rooms, haunting and haunting music, a sinister story told obsessively by Donald Pleasance and a threatening, implacable killer. My advice to today's directors is to study Halloween. It should be the blue print for what the scary movies are. After all, Carpenter has followed Hitchcock's footsteps, perhaps the director should follow his. <br /> <br /> Halloween personifies everything that scares us. If you're tired of all the brainless horror movies that don't know the difference between evil and cuteness, then Halloween is a movie that should be seen. It won't disappoint you. I like being scared, I don't know why, but I do it. But nothing scared me in the 90s, except maybe a movie (Wes Craven's last nightmare). If you like scared beings, then Halloween is one you should see. And if you've already seen it a hundred times, go watch it again, again with a movie like Urban Legend. Urban Legend will make you love all the beautiful faces of the film. Halloween will make you freeze from fear, stuck in your place, not wanting to move. Now tell me, which horror movie would you rather watch? <br /> <br /> And just to follow after seeing the Zombie version, it makes you appreciate a lot more. This is a classic by definition. Zombie has bastardized his version, but it does not take away from its splendor.
