Watching Fire and Ice for the first time reminded me of my experience seeing 300 last year. It was not a bad film at all, certainly not in the media, but its intertwining and dialogue turned out to be in the best conventional way and at worst confused and one-dimensional (which, perhaps based on the comic by Frank Miller, was the right decision to follow). But his primary strengths stemmed from intense action and bloody battles and from having a fourteen-year-old shake watching men of beef fight in a bloody sword fight, with the occasional creature or a super-hot woman to go with the pictorial environment. While I would probably see Fire and Ice again before the 300s, both aroused that similar feeling - the exception this time, of course, is that Frank Frazetta, the infamous artist and designer of countless paperback books and comics, collaborates with director Ralph Bakshi, in what is not the typical Hollywood dish, but something for diehard fans. <br /> <br /> What it means for the public that comes back today to see the film for the first time (nostalgia may now be coveted for those who were young and watched it with their tapes Master of the Universe VHS during the day) are the possible cons mentioned before and, perhaps, that you will see something unique. Nor is Fire and Ice the only roto-filmed film by Bakshi, but it is probably the most fluid, if not my favorite, among the few he has made, and he and his team create a whole surprising world that is partly prehistoric, out of the fantasy world, and partly medieval, and all retouched with a painter's hand with respect to backgrounds, skies and motifs. There is a slight drawback for Bakshi fans in this aspect of character design; Bakshi came to say that it is more Frazetta than him. This may be true, but it doesn't make it more engaging to the eyes or curious in those moments when we don't see people killed or gutted quickly or slowly (my favorite was the momentary skeleton-guide - how they rotoscoped that amazes me) . I neglect to describe the plot because it would frustrate the purpose of really recommending it. If you're already tough on this kind of animation style and approach, the plot will depend on the degree to which two warring factions or a "damsel" or princess are in danger or a hero has to prove himself or yada yada, so suffice it to say that it is, well, of Fire against Ice, with characters named Nekron and Darkwolf (the coolest male of the lot and most of the comics in appearance) and Teegra (the typical hottie that is almost * too * perfect for the male teenage fantasy figure). What the plot does, as a resource, is to allow a series of cliffhangers and suspense around the action, the progression of danger in the coming big battle, like when the orcs are hunting after Teegra and have to fight with crazy monsters and creatures sprouting from the trunks and lakes. And as usual for Bakshi, it evokes a madness (if not his usual inspired madness) in the middle of all this material of pure fantasy. If you have seen Wizard, you will understand what I mean to a lesser extent. <br /> <br /> So, if you are a fan of animation, look for this for an "old school" (ie 80s) incredible action and design. For all the others, it is ... good, not exceptional, as I would say without blame for its logical extension of the 21st century, with some modifications, 300.
