This has delighted the public at numerous film festivals, and it's not hard to see why. Director Yang Zhang, with the help of an excellent work of the three main actors, Xu Zhu as father, Master Liu; Quanxin Pu as the eldest son, Da Ming; and above all Wu Jiang as the youngest and most irreproachable son, Er Ming, runs a story that will warm the coldest heart. <br /> <br /> The film begins with a man taking a shower at an automated stand in the middle of Beijing. He puts some money in a slot, opens the door, removes his clothes and puts them on a conveyor belt to be cleaned, goes into the shower and cleans himself with brushes and sprays of soap and water as if he were a car 'car wash. This is the future symbolically speaking, and the old bathroom that we will see in the next scene is the past. Agricultural China is giving way to industrial China. <br /> <br /> Pollution? Cultural revolution? Blues industrialization? There's no way. What we have here is a celebration of people and their kindness and mutual love, a celebration of goodness in the hearts of men. Yet I wonder how the Chinese government sees this film. On the one hand, it clearly presents a pleasant view of China and its people. It is strictly non-political without criticism of the current express or implicit regime. Yet there is the slightest feeling that good old methods will be replaced by something that may not be as good. I think Yang Zhang had the wisdom to let it go. It tells a story of old men at the beach club where they find massages and massages, where they tell stories and reminiscences of the good old days, where they can relax and play Chinese chess and cricket battles, where the Master is a spy and the old sage his assistant is his son, who may be delayed or autistic, but who does his job with joy and a contagious spirit of fun and goodwill. <br /> <br /> The eldest son Da Ming returns to the scene, who is lucid, well-groomed and silent. He is uncomfortable with what he sees as the unsophisticated behavior of his father and brother. It represents modern China with its tie and briefcase, cell phone and education. He came back just because he thought his father was dying. When he sees that this is not true, he packs his bags and is ready to go back to his wife and his career. But then a crisis breaks loose and it is during this crisis that Da Ming sees the value of natural life, centered on the people, that his father and brother lived. <br /> <br /> And so Yang Zhang reconciles the old and the new, and he does it in such a fascinating way that I won't object, especially because his style is so clean and so carefully expressed. One of the nice things he does that I miss in most movies is the way he combines the subplots within the larger story so that they are solved before the image ends. The bathing establishment that sings "O sole mio" in the beach establishment while the water is falling on it, to the great joy of Er Ming, discovers that it cannot sing in public due to the fear of the stage. Towards the end of the film he loses his fear of the stage and sings thanks to a help inspired by Er Ming. And the bathhouse that is losing his wife because ... well, tell a story to Master Liu before he confesses the real reason. But Liu understands and even before the film is finished, husband and wife are reconciled. <br /> <br /> This type of "happy end" film production is unusual in today's films, both artistic and international, or in almost all films directed at adults. Some happy endings are so invented that they embarrass not only their opponents, but their audience. And some are so blatantly condescending that the public is offended. Here, however, the public is very happy. <br /> <br /> Watch this especially for the Wu Jiang comic performance, whose warm effervescence exceeds any handicap his character may have.
