I saw this movie in the theater when it came out. I grew up in Scottsdale and went to Arizona State and really enjoyed seeing places where I spent so much time. I remember that at the time I thought that Barbara's adventure in more than a rock sound (actually R and B - for my ears) was a success. I've never been a fan of Kris singing until his last New West effort. As a songwriter and actor, however, he has serious chops, IMHO. I think it's a beautiful love story. I like it better than Judy Garland's version and I've never seen the original by Janet Gaynor by Selznick. <br /> <br /> I believe they have made some changes to this long awaited DVD release. Among other things, I remember the helicopter shooting that reveals that the Sun Devil Stadium is longer and more dramatic. I wish they had done a better job writing music for Kris or God forbid, put some of his original songs in there. <br /> <br /> Along these lines I have some information from a primary source that says music was a problem for Kris and Barbara. While doing interviews for my new musical documentary, Rocking the Boat: a conversation and a musical journey, I interviewed Stephen Bruton, a refined singer / composer / guitarist with close professional and personal ties to Kris, Bonnie Raitt and Delbert McClinton, among many others. Stephen was in "Speedway", the band of John Norman's character. Kris was having a hard time shooting what was essentially a pop score in something that could pass for rock. Stephen was and is Kris's friend and longtime band member. There was tension on the set and at one point the band was barking at Kris in Barbara's presence. He noted that the band shouldn't talk to him that way. Kris immediately returned to the effect that they were his friends and they WERE rock and roll! In the end, Barbara came around and decided to use the live performances of the Kris band in the film and specifically chose Stephen's role in making things work. I gained even more respect for her as an artist after hearing this story. Much is made of her as a diva. What he is is a professional. And I'm not gay. Not that there's anything wrong with that.
