A blockbuster at the time of its original version (it was the second sample film of 1976), the third version of A STAR IS BORN has always divided critics and fans. The film was opened to decidedly negative reviews, however, the $ 5.6 million image grossed over $ 150 million at the box office and won an Oscar and five Golden Globes. It is not without irony that Streisand's most commercially successful film would also be his most controversial. For every ten fans who claim that STAR is Streisand's best film, there are ten others who say it is the weakest film in his filmography. Although both sides have some merit in support of their claims, it should be noted however that the 70s take on A STAR IS BORN remains one of the most touching and very entertaining dramas of the show that Hollywood has ever produced. For my money, it's the best version of the often-told story. <br /> <br /> The film is extremely fun and engaging. Changing the setting from the old Hollywood study system to the competitive world of the music industry was really a great idea, and the script creates a realistic contrast between the characters' love story and their careers. This is the main area that the 1976 version of A STAR IS BORN actually surpasses its classic predecessors. For example, the film is particularly successful when it describes the personal and professional difficulties that clash during the recording sessions and the endless phone calls that interrupt Kristofferson's song writing attempts. This version of the story is even more credible in his portrayal of the protagonists. For example, the female protagonist in the two previous versions was so virtuous and selfless that she became a saint. On the other hand, Esther, the female protagonist of this version, is not only interpreted as strong and passionate, but also imperfect and confrontational. This makes it feel more "real" than the characters of Janet Gaynor or Judy Garland in previous films, and makes the story much more effective. <br /> <br /> The performances are all on target, even if some of the supporting characters are not sufficiently developed. If you're looking for an actress / singer who can walk on the thin line between hard and vulnerable without making you look like a script, Streisand is definitely the girl you want. It is one of the few movie stars able to make the most banal dialogue seem fresh and natural and, as usual, manages to create a strong emotional connection with the viewer. In a nutshell, his Esther is a fully realized three-dimensional human being. Kris Kristofferson may not have much respect for his casual characterization, however, it is always an interesting watch and shows a magnetic charisma that he rarely showed elsewhere in his career. Kristofferson actually received rave reviews at the time from NEWSWEEK, TIME, and even NEW YORKER, usually evil Pauline Kael. Gary Busey and Paul Mazursky also give credible performances, but both have a minimum amount of screen time. <br /> <br /> Recording the soundtrack of the film was also a huge success, hitting the number 1 on Billboard's Hot 200 and selling over only four million copies in the United States. The "Evergreen" composed by Streisand (with the lyrics by Paul Williams) is unquestionably one of the most beautiful songs of contemporary pop, brought to an even longer life by an absolutely incomparable vocal performance by Streisand. The rest of the film's original songs (mostly composed by Williams and Rupert Holmes) are pretty good, and Streisand looks fantastic - his live solo numbers remain in memory long after the rest of the film has faded. Streisand's lively performances bring "Woman In The Moon" and "With One More Look At You" to the electrifying life, and make the most insignificant numbers like "Queen Bee" work much better than they have the right to do. Kristofferson's solos numbers sound somewhat lacking in style, however, which may have been intentional since he plays a declining singer. <br /> <br /> Although naturally dated in some respects (certainly reflecting the decade in which it was made), the seventies assume that A STAR IS BORN still holds up very well. The film is well assembled and produced in a sugary way, the chemistry between the leads is extremely powerful and always feels genuine, and Streisand has two emotional scenes near the end that are both painful. In conclusion, A STAR IS BORN is not only fun and moving, it also transcends any criticism.
