Thirty years after its initial release, the third version of "A Star Is Born" finally arrives on DVD in a package that should satisfy the most devoted fans of Barbra Streisand. This would include me since I saw her sing in concert among other numbers, the feminist hymn "Woman in the Moon" of this 1976 movie. Easy to dismiss, the film's polarizing career story is such a sturdy stack of clichés in Hollywood style there are variations in other films, including the "Funny Girl" by Streisand. This time reset on the music scene of the contemporary era, the timid plot follows self-destructive rock star John Norman Howard during his descent into the profound career as he meets club singer Esther Hoffman who is awaiting his big break. <br /> <The problems start with their courtship from the beginning, as John Norman (both names please) responds to starving fans and bloodless DJs with random acts of violence (from which he inexplicably escapes the process ). For John Norman, Esther represents his last stroke of happiness, and, in turn, is attracted to the decently innate creative musician under the facade. In the film's most crucial scene, he gives Esther her big break at a charity concert, and her career takes off. Inevitably, he can't handle the failure of his career in light of his meteor success, and if you're familiar with any version of this story, you know the rest. Directed by Frank Pierson (although Streisand's emerging directorial talents are obviously on display), the film still manages to attract me, even though I know it is shamelessly invented and manipulative. He still has some emotional resonance despite his many flaws. <br /> <br /> Although Streisand in its first year seems like the ideal choice to play a rising star, its on-screen character is simply too strong and default to believably play Esther. The same can be said for his way of acting, since the script seems to leave room for the fact that his softer and more adult-oriented material is accepted in the otherwise hardened world of rock arena. From the moment she breaks her head like in the center of the Oreos, she can't help but run into an established star. I can forgive the error simply because it is an unmatched vocal talent, but what becomes less forgiving is the way it makes Esther more strident and poignant when John Norman's troubles become overwhelming. This creates a strangely uncomfortable dynamic in the last part of the film when it becomes less about what caused the climate event than Ester's response to it. This is crowned by an uninterrupted eight-minute close-up of his performance in memory, exceptional except when he regrettably blames John Norman's style towards the end. <br /> <br /> Kristofferson, on the other hand, offers a superb performance in everything, managing a level of honesty that grounds the film and makes his accompanying feelings of love, pride and resentment towards Esther palpable. He makes his growling work on vodka on stage in this context. Otherwise, what always strikes me as odd in this version is the way in which all supporting characters are relegated to the background as if they didn't exist, unless they interacted with the two main ones. The only ones to register are Paul Mazursky as the cynical manager of John Norman, Brian and Gary Busey, as the cynical filmmaker Bobbie. Veteran cameraman Robert Surtees offers a touch of elegance to cinematography, even if a level of grain remains in the press. A great salesman in his time, the soundtrack is a mixture of different styles from the 70s - some songs are still quite good ("All", "Woman in the moon", "Watch carefully now"), some that have moved to kitsch ("Queen Bee", "I Believe in Love" by Kenny Loggins) and, of course, the inevitable "Evergreen". <br /> <br /> The print transfer on the 2006 DVD is clean and the sound is recognizable thanks to digital remastering. The participation of Streisand is the main attraction of extras starting from his feature film. It provides in-depth information on the genesis of the film, the casting and the reportedly troubled production. He is also pleasantly sincere about the megalomania of Jon Peters, his hairdresser boyfriend who became the film's producer, and his dissatisfaction with Pierson as a director. I just hope he could have provided more specific comments for the scene that directly relate to what's on the screen. She also tends to repeat the same anecdotes when the mood strikes her, for example, it is tiring to hear for the third time how the person who plays the chauffeur was a friend of Peters. I think having a second commentator could have made other nuggets. <br /> <br /> There is a reel of the wardrobe showing some funny clothes from the 70s, in particular the mixed fabric poncho by Kristofferson and the orange polyester shirt. There are also twelve deleted scenes included in the optional Streisand comment. One is a comic bread baking scene that reminded me of how much I like Streisand in farcical comedies. Another is an extended scene in which he plays "Evergreen" on the guitar in front of an upset Kristofferson who then falls asleep. The most interesting is an alternative version of the musical ending that incorporates shortcuts, which I agree with Streisand should have been used. Appropriately, theatrical trailers are also included for all three versions of "A Star Is Born".
