I've always been a big James Bond fanatic! I have seen almost all the films except Die Another Day and The World Is Not Enough. The graphics of Everything or Nothing is breathtaking! The talents of the item ......... WOW! I LOVE PIERCE BROSNAN! It's finally Bond in a video game! IT'S TIED! I liked the previous Bond games: Goldeneye, The World Is Not Enough, Agent Under Fire and Nightfire. This is definitely the best! Finally, Mr. Brosnan, (can I call him Mr. Brosnan out of respect? Yes, I can!) It was extraordinarily exciting to listen to a video game ....... LONG LAST! DUH! I've seen him perform with Robin Williams, and let me tell you, I'm a great team. Pierce Brosnan is funny, maliciously handsome (I mean mischievously in a good sense) and only one of those actors with whom you would like to walk and hug your arms, saying: "Pierce Brosnan, thanks for being James Bond," "If it wasn't for you, I don't know who James Bond is. "He's a great actor! I'm a big fan of Willem Dafoe even though I've seen him in a couple of movies. His role as Nikolai Diavalo was brilliant. (Have I spelled the name of the character right?) LOL !!!! Does a great job with an accent. Sometimes I can't even hear an accent. I saw Willem, I mean Mr. Dafoe, performing in two films: Finding Nemo, and Spider-Man with my favorite actress: KIRSTEN DUNST! YOU SPLIT! However, it never ceases to amaze. And Richard Kiel, wow, has definitively won the part of Jaw. I saw it in the movie and it's great! In fact, my grandparents met Mr. Kiel and I was jealous when they told me. But Kirsten Dunst is at the top of my list of celebrities I want to meet. John Cleese was breathtaking. I've never seen a better person sound like wisecracking and the gadget that creates Q! Mr. Cleese was hilarious! I've seen him work with Pierce Brosnan in Goldeneye and Tommorow Never Dies. He is fantastic! John Cleese's most recent project is Shrek 2 with Mike Myer, Cameron Diaz, Julie Andrew and Eddie Murphy. (Shrek 2 is now in the theater!) GOOD LUCK 007! Oh yes, and as Q alway says: "Grow 007!"
