Do not get me wrong. "GoldenEye" was revolutionary and is certainly the best FPS game based on the 007 series. But the series had fallen into a FPS groove. Enter "All or nothing", which puts Bond in the third person. When I wrote my previous review for "From Russia With Love", I finished the FRWL and just started EON and judged EON a bit harshly. Although FRWL definitely has the taste of nostalgia and captures the essence of the film franchise, EON is definitely superior in terms of in-depth controls and variety of gameplay. The missions range from the normal ride to driving an SUV, driving an Aston Martin, driving a limousine that is wired to explode, which requires two different types of "GoldenEye" tanks, riding a motorcycle, in helicopter, pushing down a rod protected by laser connection wires and free fall after the fall of a damsel. Of course, the vehicle controls are a bit clumsy, but the problem here is the variety. <br /> <br /> As film adaptations, "GoldenEye" and FRWL were all I could have hoped for. But the original EON storyline adds the feeling of controlling a James Bond adventure. This is helped by the impressive cast list of Willem DeFoe, Shannon Elizabeth, Heidi Klum and Misaki Ito. Judi Dench and John Cleese resume the film roles of M and Q, respectively, and Pierce Brosnan, while no Sean Connery adds credibility to the game's acts. All the characters resemble the stars, with the disappointing exception of Heidi Klum, whose game model does not do justice to the model of real life. Mya's musical theme is on par with at least some of the titles on the big-screen Bond title. <br /> <br /> The game is also a tribute to some of the old James Bond movies. Willem DeFoe's character is a former colleague of Christopher Walken's villain from "A View to a Kill". Richard Kiel appears as Jaws, the henchman of "The Spy Who Loved Me" and "Moonraker" in three combat scenes, the first and best of which proceeds in the same way as a fight in the movies. <br /> <br /> The single player gameplay consists mainly of standard foot missions like Bond. Like Bond, you will be able to choose whether to use stealth or go out with burning guns. The game offers many opportunities to use the invisible mode, with plenty of wall cover and objects. Unfortunately, unlike FRWL, only one button in EON controls both the curl and the wall, so Bond could end up crouched down when he should peek around the corner, and vice versa. The game also allows players to enter "Bond Reflected" mode. As you browse your inventory, everything around you will go in super slow motion, allowing you to analyze objects around you that you can interact with. Even if it takes some time to get used to, this mode will allow you to perform many spectacular "Bond moments", such as knocking down a chandelier to eliminate four flocks below, and add much to the feeling of the James Bond movie. <br /> <br /> There are 3 difficulty levels available: Operational, Agent and Double Oh. In operating mode, you can go in a few hours. On the agent, a few weeks. A Double Oh, a few months. The difficulty level can be changed for each individual mission. Earning high scores in missions will unlock gold and platinum prizes and effect features such as vehicle upgrades and skimpy outfits worn by Bond girls. Some missions can be extremely frustrating due to poor checkpoints, but when all is said and done, no mission is longer than a single action scene in a James movie. <br /> <br /> Multiplayer, unfortunately, it's not so exciting. "GoldenEye" still has the best multiplayer mode in any James Bond game. EON's main multi player is a cooperative campaign mode that puts players at the head of minor MI6 agents in a mission less important than Bond's. A more standard third person death match can be unlocked by this mode. But the single-player mode is the most complete Bond experience to date. The ending, as with most Bond games, is anticlimatic. While the final mission is one of the most aggravating of the game, the final clash with the villain is disappointing. Furthermore, the levels that require Bond to be fast become largely a matter of trial and error. However, for any serious Bond fan, not playing this game is tantamount to losing one of the James Bond movies.
