I'm a big fan of Say Anything, Jerry Maguire and Almost Famous (I wasn't that big on Singles), so it's safe to say I'm looking forward to everything that Cameron Crowe attributes his name to. I went to see Vanilla Sky who was told that it was a very strange film and that I probably wouldn't have liked it if I expected something like the other Crowe movies. Well, having just seen, let me say that the first one was correct, and the second could not have been more wrong. It is a very strange film, and nothing really unites until the end. Anyone who tells you that they saw him coming in the middle of the film is lying to you or is unable to take hindsight from memory. However, the film was stellar, and I'm looking forward to owning it as soon as the DVD is released. I was touched by the film and felt emotionally dragged to the end. This is an experience that will attract the whole spectrum of human emotions from the viewer, if the viewer is allowed to enter the plot. In the theater where I saw the film, there were more than a few people who clearly had lost the track of the movie and were bored when they found out they couldn't get back into the plot. I'm sure others don't have the ability to follow any movie like this correctly. I don't mean that they sound pompous, but some people are more exclusive to the Seagal movie genre, Chan, Van Damme, and these are the guys who probably wouldn't like this movie. It's very cerebral, so make sure you're prepared for a two-hour bent, as you'll think later. <br /> <br /> As for comparing this film with other Crowe films, it is very similar to At least one aspect, in all of Crowe's films, the soundtrack is a character in its own right. This is almost certainly due to Crowe's long-standing ties to music, as anyone who has seen Almost Famous knows, and to his marriage to Heart star Nancy Wilson. It was also noteworthy that there was some balance between Tom Cruise's acting and Crowe's directing that made the film familiar to anyone who saw Jerry Maguire. In my mind, it's not a bad thing. <br /> <br /> However, if I had to compare this film to any other film, I would say this: if you liked David Fincher's The Game, you would almost certainly be a Vanilla Sky fan.
