How strange is the human mind; this center of activity in which perceptions of reality are formed and stored, and in which the vision of the world depends on the finely tuned functioning of the brain, this more delicate and intricate processor than all sensory things. And how much do we really know about his inner functioning, his depth or ability? What is there in the mind that allows us to discern between reality and a dream? Or can we? Perhaps our sense of reality is nothing more than an impression of what we really see, like looking at a painting by Monet, in which the vanilla sky of his vision becomes our reality. It is a concept visited by director Cameron Crowe in his highly creative and imaginative film, "Vanilla Sky", starring Tom Cruise and Penelope Cruz. At the age of thirty-three, David Aames (Cruise) inherits a publishing empire left to him by his father. His interest in controlling fifty-one percent, however, made him a prominent man, since there are seven members of his board of directors, and each considers himself more worthy than the young Mr. Aames of the lion's share of the company. And feeding the fires of discontent is their perception that David lacks the attention that the work demands. <br /> <br /> Of course, David likes to play; however, he is in control of the business and does what he deems appropriate, whether the board (he refers to them as the "Seven Dwarfs") wants it or not, and no one has ever had the courage to challenge him directly. But during a rich birthday party in his honor, one of the company's lawyers, Thomas Tipp (Timothy Spall) warns David that the seven have something behind their backs. At the moment, however, it is the last thing in David's mind; has had an occasional affair with a friend, Julie Gianni (Cameron Diaz), but even that moves into oblivion when she meets a woman at her party that she can't get out of her head. His name is Sofia (Penelope Cruz), and after having known her for only one night, it becomes a fundamental part of her life - which is about to be turned upside down, as the next morning her party makes a decision that changes her life forever . And he is going to learn that sometimes, there is simply no way to go back. <br /> <br /> Director Cameron Crowe has created and distributed much more than another film with this film; Much more than a movie, "Vanilla Sky" is a vision realized. Starting from the first images that appear on the screen, it presents a visually stunning experience that is both visceral and cerebral. It is a tormented mystery that will swallow you and drag you away; emotionally, it's a race - and can leave you exhausted, because it requires an effort to stay with it. But it's worth it. Think of "Memento" with a soundtrack at the helm of rock n 'roll and a vibrant assault of colors proffered by the touch of an impressionist's brush. There are darkness and light, sounds that steer and guide until you feel the blood flowing in your veins and pulses in your brain. And it all took place on a landscape of virtual reality that swirled under that ever-expanding vanilla sky. In a nutshell, this is a real journey; it's exciting - and it's a puzzle. <br /> <br /> As for the performances here, those who can't get past the mindset of Tom Cruise as Maverick in "Top Gun", or his Ethan Hunt in "Mission Impossible", or those who they perceive him only as a "movie star" rather than an actor, they will have to think again in the light of his work here. Because, like David Aames, Cruise offers the best performance of his career, one that should check for any doubts about his ability as an actor at the door. He has made some interesting career choices in recent years, with films like "Magnolia" and "Eyes Wide Shut", just warm-up for the very real and complex character he creates here. And also to give him the merit of assuming a role that dispels all sense of vanity; this is Cruise like you've never seen before. `Jerry Maguire 'earned him an Oscar nomination, and that too should - in addition to the admiration and applause of his colleagues. Cruise is not only beautiful in this film, it is remarkable. <br /> <br /> Penelope Cruz turns into an exceptional performance, if not exceptional, like Sofia, the woman of David's dreams. There is a seductive innocence that leads to this role that works well for his character and makes it available and accessible, but he has no hint of mystery that could have added that extra something to the part. But Crowe knows how to get the best out of his actors, and he certainly did with Cruz. <br /> <br /> He also knew what he was doing with Cameron Diaz, who is absolutely vibrant in the role of Julie. He never looked better and fries quite on the screen. But make no mistake, this is not a part of "window-dressing" and Diaz offers a complete package with this character. The quality of its performance can be measured, in fact, in the impact it produces with a rather limited display time. And it is the person who integrates so fully with his innate beauty that makes Julie so unforgettable. Overall, a fantastic work by Diaz. <br /> <br /> The supporting cast includes Kurt Russell (Dr. McCabe), Jason Lee (Brian), Johnny Galecki (Peter), Armand Schultz (Dr. Pomerantz), Noah Taylor (Ed), Mel Thompson ( 'LE' Man), Jean Carol (Woman in New York) and John Fedevich (Silent Ed). About halfway, this could make you question your sense of reality; but don't worry, at the end of `Vanilla Sky 'everything will be revealed. It is a reality that fades, to be sure, and a savage; but this is exciting entertainment that offers a satisfying and unique experience, one that you have to see to believe. It is the essential and absolute magic of films. 10/10. <br /> <br />
