Someone (or, something ...) leaves signs of sting on the jugular and draining victims of their blood until death. Police detective Karl Brettschneider (Melvyn Douglas, before slipping out of the horror genre of movie B for greater heights) is baffled about who ... or what is behind these known crimes. The village is overwhelmed by hysteria and Karl depends on his trusted medical genius, Dr. Otto von Niemann (Lionel Atwill, in yet another effective role as a mad scientist) to provide feedback on what could cause the death of innocents. He also fears for the safety of his beloved Ruth (the beautiful Fay Wray who plays for the third time with Atwill after "Doctor X" and "The mystery of the wax museum") which is Niemann's assistant. <br /> <br /> Dwight Frye steals the movie like a pretty crazy village idiot who collects bats and wears demented behavior wherever he goes. It is easy to see why it becomes a suspect because the local paranoia is in a feverish phase. Maude Eburne provides the film's humor as a very naive (.. and easily influenced) patient of von Niemann who believes he has illnesses he reads in books near the lab where he works. She is impressionable and often von Niemann gives her only constant moods and fictitious diseases of which she is tormented. Lionel Belmore returns as another frightened and superstitious Bürgermeister. <br /> <br /> Creaky, static, but still fun, thanks to the cast. The film is obviously as low-budget as they come, but this doesn't hurt the film too much since it is put together pretty well by director Frank R Strayer and his crew. I'm sure the film has seen better days, though. This is the kind of B-horror object that you could find packaged with 50 other random cheesefest and poverty programmer. The villain of the film ... and his motivations for feeding a synthetically created biological creature ... certainly provides a different grip on the Frankenstein formula. Many may be disappointed with the final results as the film moves away from being a real supernatural story about a real vampire assassin causing the murders.
