In an attempt to cash in on the success of Universal's horror films, Majestic Pictures has hired several popular actors of the current genre and put them in this effort that (realistically speaking) is not good at all. With this, time is still worth it for everyone and it's a lot of fun to watch and I think it's better than most of what should pass today as horror! The story takes place in the small German town of Klineschloss, where the bodies have accumulated completely drained of blood and with suspicious puncture marks. Burgermister Gustave Schoen (Lionel Belmore) shouts "It's Vampires", but local police chief Karl Brettschneider (Melvyn Douglas) thinks he is a fool to be responsible and swears to take it. <br /> <br /> ***** SPOILER ALERT ***** The Burgermeister and most people in the city think that the local kook Herman Glieb (Dwight Frye) who loves bats and frequently talk to them is what they are looking for and they chase him until he falls to his death in a cave. The one who is responsible for the killings is Dr. Otto von Niemann (Lionel Atwill) who created a new form of tissue mass that feeds on blood and does so by having a kind of mental control over his servant Emil (Robert Frazer) who goes out at night to collect blood. Dr. Otto has a beautiful assistant named Ruth Bertin (Fay Wray) and an annoying aunt named Gussie (Maude Eburne) but they have no idea what he is doing, but eventually he becomes suspicious when one of the murders occurs after the death of Herman. br /> <br /> Frank R. Strayer was never confused by being James Whale but he was a rather competent director who ended up directing most of the "Blondie" movies in that series and with this film he uses the same set of "The Old Dark House", also shot at Universal. I am the first to admit that sometimes this film is decidedly clumsy but it is practically impossible to resist a film that has a cast like this, including Frye who is practically doing his role as Renfield only this time making friends with bats and caress them and keep them in your pocket to keep them safe! One thing that makes no sense is the mind control that dr. Otto has about Emil, since the film never explains it and I had the distinct feeling that it was some mention of "The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari", but on the other hand it is probably only the weakest part of the script. There are some other curiosities that I have noticed including the chase of Frye in the large caves which is obviously a shot of the infamous Bronson Canyon where numerous other films have been made and also the brown hair of Wray which is its true color. True horror film fans will appreciate this more than others, but I think it's a fun movie to watch for everyone and with such an attractive cast that it's worth a look.
