This is one of the most underrated masterpieces of all time in my opinion, his provocative, funny and sad thought with incredible performances around! All the characters are wonderful, and the story is simply brilliant! In addition to Jodie Foster and Cherie Currie they are simply fantastic in this one! The Ending is very powerful, but it won't ruin it for you, and I thought the character development was top-notch! Plus you can really relate to all the characters, especially with Jeanie and Annie, since you'll be rooting for them! Plus I loved the way it moved slowly, and giving you the chance to know all the characters and what be around. I can't believe that this only has a 5.9 rating here because it should be a lot higher in my opinion, and it was fun to see Randy Quaid in this kind of role, plus this is extremely well written and done as well! One scene that really struck me was when Madge (Marilyn Kagan) is totally embarrassed by her mother to have the party, and the film also has many amazing moments !, and the dialogue is particularly excellent. This is one of the most undervalued masterpieces of all time (in my opinion), his provocative, amusing and sad thought with incredible performances all around, and I say Go see it immediately!, The obligation to love it !. The management is fantastic! Adrian Lyne does a fantastic job here, with a fantastic photographic work, and keeping the film at an extremely compelling pace! The Acting is incredible! Jodie Foster is really pretty, and she's amazing as always! She was extremely nice, caring, had a lovable character, was intense in some scenes, focused, and she and Cherie Currie were the heart of the movie like Jeanie and Annie! (Adoptive rules !!!!!!!). Cherie Currie is very sexy, and she's fantastic here, I really felt sorry for her character, because she had a very nice character who just needed help, gave a powerful performance and created a truly unforgettable character. Scott Baio is very good as Brad was nice, and he liked his job well. Randy Quaid is great at his serious role, I liked it surprisingly. Sally Kellerman is as big as her mother and I liked her a lot. Marilyn Kagan and Kandice Stroh are both very good as Madge and Deirdre, and they did what they had to do well like the other two friends. Laura Dern has a role very soon here, because it was nice to see her, though not much. The rest of the cast is fine. All in all, go and see it immediately, it is an undervalued masterpiece! ***** on 5
