In practice, exactly the same film as "House of Wax" - the first real horror hit by Vincent Price published the previous year - but seriously who cares, because "The Mad Magician" offers as many chills, delicious set-points of 'epoch, joyful 3- Effects D, sublime acting performances and macabre horror tricks like his predecessor! "Never change a winning team" is exactly what the writer Crane Wilbur must have thought when he wrote the character of Price, Don Gallico, another tormented soul besieged by destiny and revenge for revenge against those who wronged him. Don Gallico is about to perform his very first illusionist show like Gallico the Great and plans to exhibit the greatest magic trick in history; entitled "The Girl and the Buzz Saw". Gallico's promising solo career is suddenly ruined even before it begins when his previous employer Ross Ormond appears on stage and slips a contract under his nose, stating that all of Gallico's inventions are legitimate properties of the company. The despicable and implacable Ormond, who also ransacked the beloved wife of Gallico, starts with the trick and programs it in the show by Gallico's rival The Great Rinaldi. Inevitably Gallico shoots and sadistic butcher, Ormond, but ?? also being a master at creating disguises ?? recreates the image of his victim and also begins to lead a double life. "The Mad Magician" is a horror movie from the 50s that is fun and unpretentious in the Grand Guignol style, with a lot of unlikely twists (does the hostess turn out to be a brilliant mystery writer?) And a handful of fantastic moments grotesque (although they remain obviously suggestive for the most part). The three-dimensional delights near the beginning of the film, like a yo-yo player and a silly trick with water fountains, only serve as an exaggeration of time and hype of the contemporary 50s, but it's still fun to watch even now and without the means to see them correctly. "The Mad Magician" is also interesting from a point of view of periodic scenography, since the events take place around the time when fingerprints were starting to be used as test material and the character of Alice Prentiss is an obvious reference to famous authors of crime at that time. Needless to say, Vincent Price remains the most essential element of the triumph in this film, as well as almost all the other horror films in which this legendary has ever acted. Price, as no other actor could ever realize, Price describes the tormented protagonist who gradually descends further into mental madness in an indescribably hypnotic way. You have pity on Don Gallico, but at the same time you fear him enormously. Support his vile retaliatory actions and yet at the same time you realize that his murderous fury must end with death. Vincent Price was simply an genius actor and, in my humble opinion, the embodiment of the horror genre.
