I'm not going to lie. Although I looked interesting, I watched The Notorious Bettie Page because I heard (and it was pretty obvious just looking at a synopsis or something from the movie) that Gretchen Mol had laid bare. I've never been a Mol fan, but I can't help but see an attractive woman taking off her clothes. Yes, it could be perverse, but it is a central and ideal theme for the central core of the film, and it helps make the film much stronger than it probably should be. <br /> <br /> The film tells the story of Bettie Page (Mol) life from her physical and sexually abused days as a boy in high school in the south, and in her new life in New York. She wants to be an actress, but she also has to pay the bills. After making some seemingly innocent shots on a local beach, Page slowly becomes a modeling sensation, and quickly jumps from suggestive photos to sexually provocative pin-up photographs. <br /> <br /> I feel the shortness of the film (only over ninety minutes) is both a curse and a blessing for this. On the one hand, the film never exceeded its welcome. You will get to know Pagina in a few minutes, and then you will enter his modeling career and will not look back. But he also curses the film, because we never really have the chance to capture everything that is happening. He simply wanders around between modeling shootings and the controversies they create before jumping directly to the great Senate inquiry that occupies most of the final act of the film. Sit there and try to absorb it all, and it just gets you right. It seems that the filmmakers wanted to sum up too much material in a movie that was too short. Please longer sequences, and ask more for even longer explanations. He doesn't seem rushed; it doesn't look like everything there. <br /> <br /> Another bit of confusion, even if a little more curiosity, is the use of color throughout the film. Most are in black and white, but sketches and color sequences often emerge. But while this may have been done as a symbolic gesture from the beginning, it becomes a bit of a distraction, as it continually appears afterwards before cutting to black and white. He becomes confused and becomes more of a boring interference than anything else as the film goes on. <br /> <br /> While it can tinker with the actions a little, the film remains uninterrupted with its themes. Page, who I know little or nothing, is interpreted innocently, and his world is exactly the same. Save for some shady characters during his teenage years, everyone he meets are innocent and everything he does has innocence. I never thought of looking at frontal nudity as something different from vulgar and depraved, but here is really something to be surprised about. All at once, it's beautiful and innocent. Even the most sexually perverse moments of the film (although vaguely compared to today's standards) have an innocent and angelic feeling towards them. There is only something in the way Mol's naked body is depicted that affects only such a different chord than the naked bodies in other films. It seems so natural and so wonderful that if there were any reason to watch the film, it would be to see the spectacular representations of Mol's body while playing Bettie Page. <br /> <br /> The other reason is Mol herself. Like Page, she exemplifies the southern beauty of the 1950s that everyone knows (or at least can imagine). Despite his profession, he is still a normal person and still considers himself religious. Mol plays it exactly at the right amount of cleaning needed to make this character feel authentically from the 1950s. He interprets it with such practicality that you would be hard pressed to think that Mol is actually Bettie Page itself. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the supporting cast has very few moments to shine, and I am totally overshadowed by the wonderful performance of Mol. None of them do anything particularly pleasant, and none of them really has the same strength in the role of Mol. This is not really the actors' fault, but more of the fact that they don't have much to work with. Many of them are totally recognizable, like Oscar nominee David Strathairn (in a role a little too close to one of his best shows), Sarah Paulson (recently nominated for the Golden Globe for Studio 60 on the Sunset Strip), and l actor Lili Taylor, but you'd be hard pressed to really set their performances in anything else other than okay. None of these characters is really developed, and in reality they are only characters cut off from the character that Mol runs the rings while resuming his enthusiasm in his brilliant performance. <br /> <br /> Indeed, this film is useful for his portrayal of nudity, and for the excellent performance of Gretchen Mol by Bettie Page. Everything else is a bit too confusing and embarrassing than it should be. If more work had been done to develop secondary characters and not just explode the story, this film would have been a much better biographical film. As it is, it is just a way for Mol to really rise in the stratosphere of popularity as an actress. <br /> <br /> 7/10.
