THE NOTORIOUS BAGE PAGE Written by Mary Harron and Guinevere Turner Directed by Mary Harron <br /> <br /> How do you define a person who has always been between two worlds, one of the alleged sins and one of alleged redemption? Especially when that person eventually succumbed to a personality disorder divided in recent years as if he wanted to prove his point. If you are the director Mary Harron, don't hesitate to show the push / pull nature of THE NOTORIOUS BETTIE PAGE. Allow the character to move back and forth between the healing forgiveness of the power of God and the church and the seductive illusion of control and dominance offered to Page during her pinup model years. By doing so, the public is offered a complex character that is driven by the desire to leave her difficult past with a naive enjoyment in the lust of others for her and a struggle to reconcile her image in the eyes of God. Come at the right time, no matter the more eyes there are on her because there is only one couple that matters. <br /> <br /> Shot mainly in black and white (with some useless bursts of color), THE NOTORIO BETTIE PAGE is sometimes a light and humorous comedy, which makes the film a pleasant experience and also one that takes in around the way people seriously believe in the corruption of pornography. But the delicate hand of the director is perceived in a more palpable way during the times of Page despair. Harron is a careful and sensitive director who does not throw the numerous and devastating strokes of violence of Page in front of his spectator. Instead, it allows the surprisingly effective Gretchen Moll, who plays the lead role, the chance to beat the pain of her character in the viewer with fear in her eyes, fatigue is her scream and her shame on her skin. While most filmmakers, perhaps most male directors, would find it essential to show heroin in painful positions to draw a link between the types of atrocities that were imposed on her and where her life took her, Harron has too much compassion for her character, her actress and her audience. From fragility, Page learns to trust people again and while more and more photographers fall in love with his image, he falls in love with their admiration and the control he has over his eyes. The moment his poses intersect in the realm of the soft-core S & M, he found a way to combine his need to be respected with the objectification that has been accustomed to his whole life. <br /> <br /> Mary Harron's Bettie Page is a woman who craves control over her life and destiny, but in the end she is always told where to stay, how to smile and what to wear. When he finally realizes that none of his choices was his, he chooses to embrace God and preach his word to those who will listen. The real sadness behind this most important decision is that she is still letting someone else lead her blindly; she only has more confidence that this direction will be better for her soul.
