Jodie Foster, Cherie Currie (the former lead singer of the seminal rock band all the Runaways girls in her dramatically capable acting debut), Marilyn Kagan and Kandice Stroh are uniformly believable, splendid and moving as the titular quartet, which are tight - growing the clique of tormented and fiercely loyal teenage girls with negligent, indifferent, self-absorbed parents who do their best to grow and look after themselves in the affluent suburbs of San Fernando Valley, California. Girls are forced to make serious decisions about sex, drugs, alcohol, commitment and so on at an early age when they are not fully prepared to fully accept the potentially harmful consequences of such decisions. Foster, giving one of his most discerning, affectionate and undervalued interpretations, is basically the mother of the group that presides over the well-being of herself and others; she is particularly worried about good-hearted Currie, but reckless and self-destructive, whose carefree hedonistic lifestyle probably makes her capable of facing a premature end. <br /> <br /> This photo offers a moving, insightful, often devastating vision and complete examination of the destroyed and dysfunctional families who live directly beneath the well-groomed surface of the periphery and the tragic net result of these families: robust, resilient children , but unhappy and vulnerable who face the trials and tribulations of growing up on their own because the parents are too reckless or even non-existent. Adrian ("Fatal attraction", "Jacob's ladder") Lyne's direction is both alert and attentive while Gerald Ayres's screenplay is somewhat messy and incoherent, but overall still precise in its blunt, gritty and non provocative chaotic life, whimsical and unpredictable everyday. Leon Bijou's soft, dewy, almost pastoral cinematography suggests correctly a sense of tranquility and innocence that is delicate and easily unbreakable. Giorgio Moroder has arranged the excellent soundtrack, which makes the woman of Donna Summer "On the Radio" particularly effective. The first-rate cast includes Sally Kellerman as Foster's neurotic, insecure and irritating mother, Scott Baio as a sweet skateboarder boy, Randy Quaid as Kagan's eldest boyfriend, the British pop singer of the years 60 Adam Faith as Foster, Foster's father, rock absentee and Lois Smith as Kagan's suffocating and overprotective mother. Looking briefly, Robert Romanus (Mike Damone "Fast Times at Richmont High") as one of Foster's defaulting boyfriends and a damned Laura Dern wearing a pair of horrible party craters. Madly authentic, compelling and deeply moving (Currie's terrible final destiny is truly heartbreaking), "Foxes" is simply one of the most unknown and undervalued teenage films made about adolescence in the early 1980s.
