... but the general viewer's mileage may vary in the stylized look of Mary "American Psycho" Harron to the American sexual psyche seen through the lens of the immortal Queen of Curves, Bettie Page. <br /> <br /> It does not bore anyone with a play of the iconic status of Ms. Page, an excellent and correct valedictoriano from Nashville, Tennessee, who moved to New York in the hope of becoming an actress and ended up becoming the Bondage Queen of the Universe. Nor will I deal with the biographical plot of the film "The Notorious Bettie Page", although it offers very high points for the technical aspects of the film (a sequence of animated magazine covers that immediately come to mind), improper use of a vintage camera despite. Finally, I will not dwell on the timely applicability of the film's themes of innocence and perversion, freedom and control, sacred and secular; they are there for the viewer to absorb if they wish. The more things change, the more they remain the same, as the saying goes. <br /> <br /> The one I'm hanging around for a moment is Gretchen Mol's stunning performance as Bettie Page. The truth is that Mol's face almost doesn't look like Bettie's, nor is she particularly built like Bettie (even if only a fool would deny those beautiful breasts, and no fool, me!). It doesn't even show off the thick dark bush that hid the most intimate amulets of Ms. Page, but the fact remains that Mol completely embodies the spirit of Bettie Page in every way, shape and form. It is a "return" of skill from an undeserved semi-darkness. I've never met Mrs. Page (and unfortunately, I probably won't), but I devoured the photos and videos, I read all the biographies and interviews available, I bought collectible cards and other quotas and Be sincere, longed for the lady since I discovered her for the first time in my adolescence, between the covers of dusty barber magazines and five and ten cents. Mol perfectly captures the essence of the woman as I came to conceive it, it is not a play on words, in what I consider an Oscar performance. Liv Tyler could never match Mol's brilliant characterization intensity in a million years, and I, for example, am grateful that she left the project. Not that I mind seeing her completely naked, I hasten to add, but I can't imagine that her mark of sensuality would have translated into the innocent exuberance of Bettie Page. <br /> <br /> "The Notorious Bettie Page" is not for everyone, no more than slavery and discipline. I suspect it will work much better on the record than in theaters; legions of devout fans of the page and the curious will see that. I can only hope that the DVD is chock full of extra Bettie content to show the uninitiated how great a job Mol has done. <br /> <br /> Beyond that, a hat tip for an excellent supporting cast, particularly Lili Taylor and Chris Bauer in the role of Paula and Irving Klaw, whose celebrity photographic business was the door to immortality of Bettie. <br /> <br /> A final note to the young scribe who opined that Mrs. Page had no effect on her generation: take a look at Madonna's cone and come back to us. Bettie Page is, if you know it or not, the true godmother of the fetish. Without her, Madonna and the rest of her family could never have existed.
