The film can be a mirror to see the world in a new light. Good Night and Good Luck, for example, offered parallels to modern judgment: without trials and intrusions on freedom. It is easier to examine a moral problem when it is not too close to home: putting it in a fictitious or historical context removed from our immediate situation. With pornography, we consider ourselves "enlightened" and our ancestors to be hidden by bizarre ideas - usually involving fire and sulfur, but the definition of what is obscene can easily fall prey to ignorance and non-scientific interpretation instead evidence. Bettie Page was a cult icon of an era that included not only McCarthyism but the prohibition of comics (such as Tales from the Crypt) based on the fact that they would turn young people into crazy half juvenile delinquents. This film, developed from key questions raised in his life, poses dilemmas that are relevant today as in 1950. <br /> <br /> Our film opens with two key scenes. In the first, we see well-dressed and respectable men in a squalid library. One of them asks for pictures of women with vicious boots and is being held - so he turns out to be an undercover cop who leads a puncture. The second scene shows Bettie Page, waiting to be called as a witness, with a fairly reserved air, as if she had just left the church. <br /> <br /> The first 50 minutes are in black and white. Old-style film effects such as wipes and fades add to the sense that we are watching a film of past years, as well as the cast's ways, skilfully recreating scenes from the 50s, contemporary jargon phrases and the tight dialogue associated with the film's film production period. The archive footage is often intercalated, which will delight many and irritate others. In keeping with the theme, the film is almost a collection of different types of moving photography, and the old clips of beaches and fabulous landmarks contrast well with the classic poses of Bettie who report an era of health magazines and nature ". . . even if I admit that if you are not fascinated by the plot you might find the effect a little discontinuous. <br /> <br /> Very soon, we will enter the flashback. Bettie escapes from a life trampled by years of the Depression in Nashville, animated only by church singing and the saving of souls, and goes her own way. After his initial success, his modeling work is divided into two strands: traditional glamor work focused on his over-the-rainbow smile and photos of "specialist interest" involving boots with high heels and light gears. In a previous audition (which recalls a scene with the character of Naomi Watts in Mulholland Drive - also called Betty), it offers an exhibition full of emotions, in contrast to its normal, animated, cheerful (but ultimately tasteless) ) day-a. everyday expression. Is a part of you still unsatisfied? Bettie is often rejected in auditions when they realize they are the famous pin-up girl. But we have never been asked to feel sorry for Bettie Page: her abusive childhood is quickly cited and skipped; when she is raped by four boys from her hometown, we see only the threat and then Bettie who recovers and survives, gathers in a desolate wood and wears the brave face of someone who refuses to lie down and die. <br /> <br /> Even though nudity is not involved, they are Bettie's special interest photos that eventually cause problems. When we go back to court, the opinions of a clergyman on the corrupting influence of these photos are taken as evidence. A psychologist authoritatively says that the photos lead to "suicide, murder and psychosis" in young people who are exposed to them (presumably not in this order). Eventually a witness star explains how his son's life ended as a result of these photos - "being" hooked that way ". It's not clear how being" hooked "causes death.) The text accompanying a series of Bettie's photographs in a magazine tells how she was forced to endure 'terrible agonies' with fetish restrictions (the public knows that she found them really hilarious and that the words, like the photos themselves, were pure dramatization). 12 hours, Bettie is informed of her evidence - she is the only person who could definitively claim that she was not photographed in agony - it will not be required. The "horrors" of the photos have been proven. <br /> <br / > If all this seems like the darkness we have left, consider a recent incident (2003) in which an announcement by Ann Summers was banned, saying "for the fashion and passion that you blend in your local store" with a photograph of the back of a woman. He is wearing a bra and thong and his hands are cuffed behind his back. The company of lingerie and sex toys, which turns to women (and also supports charities that fight domestic violence) said that its ads aimed to "give confidence to women and always show women the control of their sexuality" . It could be concluded that the prejudice and ignorance of the Betty Page investigations continues to apply. <br /> <br /> Bettie's religious views are an integral part of history, just as the concept of sin is an integral part of Christianity and contributes to the "forbidden" nature of sexual enjoyment often prevalent in the United Kingdom and the United States - in contrast to the most factual approach found in continental Europe. It could be argued that the formulas of sin and redemption, and "being saved", are also reflected in the mating schemes that perpetuate the traditional male domination. A policeman who takes a friendly (but sexually motivated) approach to Bettie outside the court offers to "save" her from loneliness. The knight in shining armor could be chivalrous, but also requires a woman in need of help. <br /> <br /> To love or hate him, The Notorious Bettie Page is an unusual and extraordinary film, and a moral alarm for those who listen to it. There is an excellent acting ensemble, and Gretchen Mol, like Bettie, is remarkable because the entire film is successful or falls into its powerful performance.
