First, I heard great things about this film, not least between the retro / vintage scene and the stocking lovers who absolutely love Bettie Page and didn't let me down. Shot in very clean black and white with added colors for key scenes, the film gives a documentary touch to the life and career of Bettie Page. <br /> <br /> There are many things I didn't know about Page. First, there was group rape, then, there are his first attempts to develop an acting career and then glamorous photos, first with a photographic club populated by men who never have enough and in followed by the Klaw, Paula and Irving, who despite their photos of slavery and fetish, meets extremely pleasant and friendly people. If only the producers of modern pornography were like that, maybe the best porn would be a consequence! For the most part, the film is neither a diatribe against the evils of pornography, but an attempt to show the kind of environment that existed in the 1950s for those who produced fetish and nude images of women. This environment was extremely repressive, perhaps in a positive sense because it meant that there was none of the "saturation" effects we have today when it comes to pornography. It also seemed a lot less harsh. The page looks like someone who likes his work and doesn't seem to be degraded by it. In many of his photos he is seen tied up and gagged (and is trying to hold a conversation), wielding a whip with a touch of elegance, thus exciting the photographers who took his photos and saw them in bondage films shot in initiation style 'that seem pretty tame with the hardcore things we have now. <br /> <br /> Page has never become an actress and instead abandoned pin-up when she was thirty for "Jesus Christ". Her faith in God and in Jesus never goes away, even when bound and gagged she still insists that she was given a 'gift' from God to do 'this thing'. Seeing this film, I am more informed about Page and admired his modesty, his beliefs and his behavior. It is unique in its genre, compared to the blond clone of identi-kits we have today and to someone who can actually say "There is life after porn".
