Although The Notorious Bettie Page is well acted and filmed, it is, at best, a Cliffs Notes version of Bettie's biography. The film focuses mainly on his work with Irving and Paula Klaw, the brother and sister who produced most of his most famous photos. He does not detail his life after the pose, apart from his religious revival. He cites "The Real Bettie Page" by Richard Foster as a source, but ignores the last years of Bettie's mental illness and incarceration in a psychiatric hospital. The narrow focus of the biography can be discussed, but most Bettie and "civilian" fans would probably be more interested in her modeling career, which is what they get. <br /> <br /> The film is well acted with Gretchen Mol that faithfully reproduces the appearance of Bettie, in addition to conveying the sweetness that her photos exuded. The character is interpreted as rather naive, a probable by-product of the interviews released by Bettie in recent years. It is more likely that Bettie was aware of the nature of her photos but rationalized her as acting and costumes. <br /> <br /> The supporting cast is also exceptional, with Chris Bauer and Lili Taylor playing Irving and Paula Klaw, and David Strathairn playing the role of Estes Kefauver. The film goes wrong with the character of John Willie, played by Jared Harris. John Willie never met Bettie Page and was not involved in photo shoots with the Klaw. Harris plays Willie a bit like Peter O'Toole, in his most profane state. <br /> <br /> Despite the quality of the acting, the film is a bit disappointing in terms of depth. The story is rather superficial and we never had the feeling of really knowing Bettie. Just like his photos, it's just an image. He tends to exaggerate Bettie's notoriety. His photos have been seen mainly in New York and its surroundings, in a very small market of underground and cult publications. His real fame came after his photos were reprinted in the late 1970s and 1980s, and the Cult of Betty Page (as his name was usually written) grew. Bettie's biggest show (excuse the pun) was in Playboy, appearing in the January 1955 issue (the Christmas picture, which is represented in reverse in the film). <br /> <br /> The film is well done, although not very deep. It is able to sustain interest until the end and showcases many good performances. It affects the high points of Bettie's life, but ignores many details that would have given a much greater depth. The ending is quite a disappointment. It looks pretty blunt. Still, the film is definitely worth seeing by anyone interested in Bettie, or even the time period. The soundtrack is fantastic, truly involving the viewer in the 1950s. If nothing else, the film represents a showcase for America's thriving sexuality and the clash with its Puritan past. It is also a preview of an icon for men and women.
