First of all, let me say that Notorious is an absolutely fascinating film, made very lovingly by its time and its theme. Gretchen Mol is absolutely, painfully convincing, the very soul of contradictions, perfectly reified by Mrs. Page. Irving and Paula Klaw are richly attracted by the stolidities of the working class they were (having met Paula at Movie Star News in 1990 I can say that Lili Taylor's performance is flawless), and Jared Harris as John Willie (Coutts) is a genius adorably dissolute. Anyone with an interest in the recorded history of American attitudes towards sexuality must see this film, preferably in a theater, where the votes made with dollars count more. <br /> <br /> Secondly, I will allow me to be a producer of material similar to that for which the Klaw would become famous, which does not in any way affect my appreciation of Mrs. Harron's work as the splendid piece that it is, but conditions my vision of the Notorious as an act of political resistance of the first order. Ms. Harron has created a work of subtle subversion. Together with V for Vendetta, it is a film that speaks of another time for our times. <br /> <br /> Few readers of this site will be aware that the government will see decreed in Notorious (through the transcription of the same words pronounced in closed hearings of the Senate committee) is an approximation very close to that in which they live now . While Mrs Harron expressly denies having a political agenda specifically for this film, her faithfulness to the facts and the respectful and senseless way in which she renders them, synchronizes Notorious with the present. The same acts that Notorious portrays in loving and precise details are defined obscene by the Communications Decency Act, recently brought to the Supreme Court as a case of First Amendment and turned back by the Bush administration. In other words, the delicate and ineffective slavery described in Notorious is now incriminated by federal prosecutors in any (hostile) jurisdiction they choose. Certainly, there were no Senate hearings or elsewhere on this subject when the CDA was approved. Obviously you don't know anything about it, because you don't want people in Peoria to tell you what you can and can't watch (similarly, people in Peoria probably don't want me to tell them what they can see). Obviously Notorious will never be indicted. It's Hollywood. He is under oath. Countless Klaws, however, will continue to be tarnished by a Puritan bureaucracy that has not advanced its aesthetic, moral or biological composition much more than 50 years. <br /> <br /> Furthermore, Notorious post n. 18 USC 2257 declaration of conformity, which is imposed by the unnoticed "tick" recently voted into law. If a medium contains images of "sadomasochistic restraint" it is necessary to make available (ex warrants) records of age and circumstances of all the artists. Notorious also fails in this regard. <br /> <br /> In addition to being a splendid piece of entertainment and an (almost) accurate historical document, Notorious will be the path of fire against which the Bush Justice Department is judged regarding the 14th Amendment (Equality protection) and perhaps several other constitutional reasons. Only in this regard is due a debt of gratitude to Mary Harron. You will be grateful in any case, constitutional or not, if you see this film.
