I had a vague idea of ​​who Bettie Page was, partly because of her appearance in the days of Playboy (apparently, when he had made her take a picture with her and her Santa hat, just like that, she didn't know what the magazine was was). The film, written and directed by Mary Harron of American Psycho, enriches the key parts of her life quite well. A queen of a church-goer in the south has bad experiences and leaves them behind to look for better times in New York, where she becomes a model and from there much more. Soon, it becomes the feeling of pin-up underground, with slavery which is the obvious (and "notorious") characteristic of the title attributed to her. The actress Gretchen Moll portrays her, and lowers the spirit of this woman as much as she can, which is very much the success of the film. He is not a simplistic character, although sometimes his ideas about morality are questionable ("well, Adam and Eve were naked, right?" He comments a couple of times). Apparently, the directors leave out the last years of Page's life and leave with her in a sort of period of redemption, leaving behind photo shoots for Jesus. <br /> <br /> In all, the Notrious Bettie Page is not much more than a sort of usual bio-image presented by the HBO films, even if this time with the resistance for a film version. The best scenes that Harron captures are Page in his "questionable" positions, getting pictures of her in exaggerated poses and interpreting ridiculous films of whips and chains and leather uniforms. This adds a much needed comic relief to the otherwise normal nature of the film. It's not that the story behind it is uninteresting, involving the government's investigation into the 'smog' that came out of such underground photos and magazines. But there is not much time to explore more than what is simply hinted at, with Page and its complexities or relationships or sex and the fifties. Everything is given a really clean black and white look and sometimes it seemed that Harron was progressing some of the black and white photos to be more colored as he went along. It's a watchable view if you're not too experienced with Bette Page, and probably also for fans.
