"The Notorious Bettie Page" is about a woman who always wanted to be an actress, but who has become one of the most famous pin-up girl in American history. Bettie Page played by Gretchen Mol was one of the first sex icons in America. The type of Bettie Page modeling took part in the included nudity and slavery that led to a US Senate investigation in the 1950s. <br /> <br /> Coming out of the movie, all I could think of was how far we had come to be pornography since the 1950s. Now you can go on the internet and find some of the most disturbing and shocking images that have ever been shot, that the video in question in the "Notorious Bettie Page" seems almost childish and innocent. Most of the footage, including slavery, didn't show nude scenes when Bettie Page was involved, but today we have sick images where we can see women having sex with animals. I find that perhaps the envelope has been pushed a little too far since the 1950s because watching this film in terms of today's pornography, it was done very tastefully. <br /> <br /> To be honest, I was very impressed with "The Notorious Bettie Page", I found the film very well done and interesting. The film is exactly what the trailer leads you to believe that it will be and is a very interesting look at one of the first icons of the female sex in America. Gretchen Mol looks like Bettie Page and offers excellent performance. I also thought that since the film was shot in black and white it has made the film realistic because it made the audience believe they were watching a movie created in the late 1950s. My only complaint about the movie was the execution time, there seemed to be some cut scenes and they seemed to be a little shorter than they should have been. I looked at this and it seems that 10 minutes have been cut from the film since its original presentation at the Toronto Film Festival. The ending was also quite docile and I expected a little more from it or maybe a few paragraphs to come on the screen to tell the audience more about the life of Bettie Page in which the film left off. These are my only two complaints about the film, apart from the fact that the direction was solid, the acting was great, especially Gretchen, and the script was good. <br /> <br /> Mary Harron, who directed "American Psycho", which is one of my favorite films, is the director and writer of "The Notorious Bettie Page". I feel that Mary is a very talented director who knows how to create a setting and create great films based on characters because, like "Psycho", Bettie Page is a study of characters and a beautiful one. Harron captures the 40s and 50s with ease and all the characters. She is a very talented director who I hope will be around for many years to come. <br /> <br /> Bottom Line: "The Notorious Bettie Page" is definitely worth a look. It's a very interesting story that shows how America, like the world, has come in terms of pornography. The film also offers a beautiful interpretation of Gretchen Mol who literally nails the role of Bettie Page in the head. And complete with a talented director who was able to capture the look of a previous era and have a good movie on your hands. Unfortunately, this film is probably destined for the flop because not many, apart from the people who grew up in this era, will show an interest in the film, but I think it's worth a try. <br /> <br /> Final evaluation of MovieManMenzel for "The Notorious Bettie" Page is an 8/10. It is an interesting study on the character of one of the most famous pin-up girls and sex icons in American history.
