I liked it ... only that ... I liked it, not like the animated series ... I love it !!!. The fact that this is less attractive is that we all try to compare and not to appreciate, but this comic was fantastic, but I didn't like it very much. There are too many people talking about the fact that Bruce is so cold, but if this is about 5 years later, anyone in a criminal gang would get this angry and dark attitude, so for me it's not a defect. Batgirl has been fantastic, she has really adapted there, because there is no longer Dick Grayson as a robin, batman needed a good teammate, not like the new robin, he is just a child and you can't count on much child. But here's what didn't work: the new work of art ... it's not horrible, but ... for me it doesn't work in a series like Batman. This is a dark character, with a killer maniac like the joker, so you can't put this kind of artwork in this cartoon, The joker is not a bad project but I still like the past joker (but for me the BEST Joker of he was always the one who appeared in Batman besides: the return of the joker), so this joker is not so good. The good thing about the joker is that it still marks the voice of Hamil. My favorite character: Harley Quinn (I'm in love with her) They put a fantastic episode for her: Mad love (for me the best episode of this series). Here we finally know how he transformed Harley Quinn, and how the joker twisted her mind, and feels the atmosphere that is felt in the animated series, darker, without happy ending, brutal fight with the joker (but too short), this that's how ALL the series was supposed to be. BUT in general I didn't like how Harley did in this series ... in almost every episode they put it in a fun way, but in a ridiculous way, she punched, she says nonsense, she makes faults ... but she's funny in a way you can laugh with her, not her ... and here they ridicule (as I said the only episode where I don't think it's crazy love and creepy) So in general it's a good series, it has its ups and downs, the drawing could be better (MY GOOD! KILL THAT CATWOMAN !!!!) beautiful sound effects, beautiful music, beautiful voices and beautiful episodes: my favorites, Mad love , Joker million, Old wounds, sins of the father and cold comfort. If you liked Batman: TAS you can watch it but don't specify too much, on the other hand if you haven't looked at TAS, look at it first and then look at TAS in that way that you would really love TAS: D
