If you weren't there, unfortunately this movie will be above compassion for you. Which, as I say, is a pity because, even if some of the actors are amateur, they are meant for realism. Let's face it: in real life, we don't say things exactly or perfectly, even when we mean it. In this sense, it works. This, however, does not apply to our "well-known" actors in this film, particularly Jodie Foster (born natural). The fact that the other 3 girls are not completed only adds to the story - Jodie plays the glue that struggles to maintain their close friendship, even with the obvious feeling of fatality. Which means that no matter how close your friends are, in the end there are some people who vanish, no matter how you try. <br /> <br /> And here lies the heart of the film. It's not about celebrating, it's not about sexuality, but about these 4 girls and their last time as young girls before having to go it alone. <br /> <br /> If you have ever had such a friendship in your life, you will feel this movie - it will mean a lot to you, no matter what age it is set in, or at what time you grew up. We all knew these girls at school, or at least we knew about them. We all knew the frustrated virgin, half wanting to hold on to childhood and half wanting to grow up desperately and thinking she would do it for her. We all knew that crazy boy, the fashion dish whose vanity hides his fear of the world, his fear of acceptance. We all knew the party girl, the one they were whispering about, with stories not only of her sad family life, but also of her notorious businesses. And we all knew the "mother figure", the one a little more real, a little more rooted, a little sadder because he knew what would happen. Maybe you were one of those girls. Perhaps, like me, you had been each at one time or another ... <br /> <br /> This film really captures that fragile moment of life when desires, needs, pressures, femininity, childhood, the world and loneliness are all embodied in the head of every female, every factor on the precipice. What aspect do you cling to? What are you throwing over the limit, regardless of how hard you can hold on? And how painful is goodbye to all that you have known? This is what this film is - enter into femininity while clinging to childhood, and how damn hard it is to keep walking. If you were there, you know ... and you love this movie, like I do. Aching and tenderly tender A beautiful piece of captured femininity.
