As a low-budget business where the filmmakers themselves are producing and distributing the DVDs themselves, perhaps we shouldn't expect too much from Broken in disc form. Yet the most remarkable thing about this result is the fact that this version has enough extras to shame a James Cameron DVD and a very nice presentation. <br /> <br /> Regarding the latter, the only major flaw is that Broken comes with a non-anamorphic transfer. Otherwise we get the film in its original proportion of 1.85: 1, demonstrating technical defects and looking at how we should expect it. In fact, given Ferrari's approach to putting this record together, you can practically guarantee a fact. The same also applies to the soundtrack. Here we are offered mixes both DD2.0 and DD5.1 ​​and while I am uncertain about which should be considered "original", the fact that Ferrari had an involvement in both ways should not be considered inferior. In fact, although the DD5.1 ​​offers a more atmospheric viewing experience thanks to the way it uses the score, both are equally good and free of technical flaws. <br /> <br /> As for the extras the record is positive overwhelmed by them. Take a look at the sidebar on the right of the screen and you will notice numerous comments, lots of featurettes and various galleries. In fact, given the way everything has been broken into small blocks rather than compiled into a long documentary, there is very little to discuss. The "Anatomy of a Stunt" featurette, for example, is exactly what it claims to be, and the same is true for the rest of the pieces. In this way we get coverage in virtually every aspect of the pre-production, production and post-production of Broken. And while it may have been preferable to find them in a more easily comprehensible overall "creation", this way we easily get access to any special features we might want to see. <br /> <br /> Of the various pieces, therefore, it is perhaps only the comments that need any kind of discussion. Then again, there is also a predictable air for each of the chat tracks. What involves the actors is overly playful and does not take the film too seriously. The Ferrari pieces are incredibly enthusiastic at all. And the technical ones are, well, extremely technical. Of course, we also get a crossover with what has been discussed elsewhere on the discs, but in just 19 minutes none of these pieces have passed their welcome. In fact, all in all, a nice extra package.
