After the glories of The Snare, it was unlikely that a further exit for Hanzo would have been able to do better, and this did not violate that expectation, but it is a good film and ranks neatly between the first funny but messy chapter and the second fantastic in terms of quality and general entertainment. The script comes from Yasuzo Masumura and has some parallels with The Snare, as well as the expected bullshit of a Hanzo film, but the film plays small changes on the formula amplifying the character-driven humor and giving the film a quieter edge and reflective. The film opens with the assistants of Hanzos frightened by a ghost, and generally decides immediately that he needs to have carnal knowledge of this ghost. It turns out that the ghost acts as a guard for a stash of stolen coins and from this set-up a history of theft, corruption and wear takes place, with expected violent and squalid results. Shintaro Katsu is formidable as Hanzo, seen without effort as a mortal fighter and sexual force of nature, is equally good in moments of knowing humor and sympathetic, almost a normal gentleman in moments of drama, is a wonderfully rounded performance full of social conscience and a touching touch of personal feeling. Even the expected comedy is fine, his moments with "Snake" Magobei are perhaps the funniest in the series, while his interactions with his servants are as fun as ever. Although it is well loaded with good moments, a good dose of action and a bit of unpleasantness, the film loses a bit from a relatively moderate approach. There are nuances of both previous films, plotting, rhythm and intelligences recall The Snare and when the film focuses on Sleaze it does it very well, with a sequence of early interrogators managed in a powerful and high-impact way. In the same way, the director Yoshio Inoue presents potentially squalid scenes in a more experimental way, as for Kenji Misumi, the less well managed work in Sword Of Justice, with sometimes very beautiful consequences, like with a man playing a melody on the koto , with close-ups of his Dita pinching the strings unbeknownst to him, Hanzo raises his wife, and sometimes a little weak, as with an orgy reduced to a psychedelic vortex of moving arts that seems unclear. Nudity and bloodshed are generally minimized, too bad, although there is a bit that both of them a stronger approach would have worked better, it is certainly the kind of movie in which unkempt nakedness and violence are more appropriate . But even with fewer means of exploitation, this is still a lot of fun, predictable moments are made with ease and there's more than enough intrigue and excitement, even some effective surprises to get around. It's really a fan movie, which plays out of the work planned in the previous installments and that works gently if not spectacularly with it. Altogether an almost completely pleasant end, if slightly imperfect, to a delightful trilogy, the second best of them and that deserves to be seen for fans of these things.
