Following the brilliant "Goyôkiba" (aka "Hanzo The Razor - Sword Of Justice", 1972) and his excellent (and even more unfair) sequel "Goyôkiba: Kamisori Hanzô jigoku zeme" (aka "Razor 2: The Snare", 1973 ), this "Goyôkiba: Oni no Hanzô yawahada koban" aka. "Razor 3: Who's Got The Gold" is the third and sadly last episode of the extraordinary saga on the incorruptible Samurai-constable Hanzo 'The Razor' Ittami (brilliantly played by the great Shintarô Katsu), who fights corruption with his combat experience as well as his enormous sexual powers. As a huge fan of 1970s exploitative cinema made in Nippon, "Sword Of Justice" became one of my favorites, and I was therefore more than anxious to find the sequels, and full of expectations when I finally came across them of recent. While this third "Hanzo" film is not as brilliant as its predecessors, it is certainly another great piece of cult cinema that no lover of Japanese film exploitation can afford to lose. "Who's Got The Gold" is a bit more gentle than the two previous Hanzo films, but it's just as brilliant comically and crudely funny, and it begins immediately in a fabulously strange way: the film begins, when Hanzo's two assistants see a ghost woman while fishing. Having always wanted to sleep with a ghost, Hanzo insists that his assistants lead him to the scene of the accident ... If this is not a promising start to a fantastic cinematic experience, I don't know what it is. Shintaro Katsu, one of my favorite personal actors, is once again brilliant in the role of Hanzo, a role that seems to have been written especially for him. Katsu Is Hanzo, the obstinate and fearless agent, who hates corruption and deliberately insults his superiors, and whose only interrogation techniques include the rape of female suspects. The women questioned immediately fall in love with him because of his sexual powers and his enormous penis, which he trains in a rather grotesque routine ritual. I don't want to reveal anything else about the "Who's Got The Gold" storyline, but I can assure you it's as beautiful as it sounds. Also the support performances are very good and, like in the predecessors, there are a lot of hilarious and eccentric characters. This is unfortunately the last film in the incredibly bleak "Hanzo" series. If they had 20 others followed, I would have happily watched them all! The entire Hanzo series is brilliant, and while this third part is a bit lower than its predecessors, it is definitely a must for all cult movie lovers! Oh how I wish they had done more sequels!
