L'Hypothèse du tableau volé / The Hypothesis of the Stolen Painting (1979) begins in the courtyard of an old three-storey Parisian condominium. Inside, we meet The Collector, an elderly man who apparently dedicated his life to the study of the six existing paintings of an obscure impressionist painter, Tonnerre. A narrator recites various epigrams on art and painting, and then talks with The Collector, who describes the paintings, shows them to us, tells us a little about the painter and the scandal that brought him down, and then tells us that will show us something .... <br /> <br /> While walking through a door, we enter another world, or worlds, or perhaps to extend the limits, other possible worlds. The Collector shows us through his house apparently without limits, including a large courtyard full of trees with a hill; within these boundaries are the 6 paintings that come to life, or halfway to life as it leads us through various tableaux and describes the possible meanings of each painting, of the work as a whole, of a whole secret story behind the paintings , the scandal, the people in the paintings, the novel that may have inspired the paintings. And so on, and so on. Every room, every description, takes us deeper into a labyrinth, and all the while The Collector and The Narrator engage in their separate monologues, very occasionally resulting in a dialogue, but mostly remaining separate and different. <br /> <br /> I saw it a second time, so bizarre, powerful and indescribable, and so inspiring to think or write. If I had a hypothesis about what all this adds up to, it would be a rage satirizing the whole nature of artistic interpretation. An indicator could be found in two of the most amusing and inexplicable scenes are those in which The Collector poses some plastic figures without sex - in the second, he also looks at the pictures of the figurines that mirror the poses in the paintings - - then goes through his collection, which is now partially composed of life-size versions of the figures. If we think about it too much and we don't have fun, everything becomes just plastic without a face .... <br /> <br /> If I have reached definitive conclusions on "The Hypothèse du tableau volé", or not, I can say that at outside of the first (and contemporary) works of Peter Greenaway as "A Walk Through H", I have rarely been so fascinated by something so deep, so serious, so dense ... and in the heart, so mischievous and funny.
