This project was originally conceived as the film version of the famous Japanese manga SlamDunk! and this is not something new for Jay Chou, who made his film debut playing a character from another very popular manga, Initial D. Along the way, it was decided to incorporate kung fu into the film, so from this title , although the idea was not very original, with Stephen Chow's Shaolin Soccer that comes to mind with martial arts and combined ball games. <br /> <br /> However, and fortunately, those scenes in which kung fu actually affected the games were minimized, and in Kung Fu Dunk, really quite superfluous, because they don't add much to the plot and not they arouse a lot of excitement, and at the most they offered some economic chuckles and recalled the time when Stephen Chow used kung fu in football games. Jay Chou is at ease in the role of a martial artist Fang Shi-jie, since it is not the first time he has fought using martial arts (Curse of the golden flower anyone?), And under the acrobatic direction of Ching Siu -Tung, it was created to look really believable as it destroys countless gangsters in a bar as seen in the trailer, just to let you know who the boss is. <br /> <br /> It was almost because his character became a kung fu practitioner, and for giving him an excuse to be a high shot, able to shoot circles from virtually any angle. And with Eric Tsang as a small drug dealer Chen-Li who sees his potential and becomes his agent, he joins a university to play varsity basketball, but not without the initial objection of team captain Ting-wei (Chen Bo -Lin) and the star team Xiao-lan (Baron Chen, in his debut on the big screen). But you know with team members on the same side, it's not been long since they combine their strengths to face opponents on the basketball court. <br /> <br /> And I will pull out to say that this film is basketball just like soccer was. He made the sport beautiful because of his charismatic characters, despite the fact that he dripped so much coldness and indifference on the field. Here, the special effects and the work on the wire were used to make professional actors seem able to conquer a higher side in the NBA league, and in all honesty, they seemed really stunning, especially when they imitate the various moves and moves thanks to technology and stunts. So in reality, the elements of kung fu need not necessarily be in the film. The stunt itself will be able to justify most of the moves because they are quite rooted in reality, but only to suspend the middle-sized boys having their springs in their feet to jump that height for a professional dunk. <Br /> <br /> It is also a shame that the number of games was only a handful, with the time spent on a lot of subplots, but each one was freely developed and launched in and out of history as and when they wanted . Things like Shi-jie's abandoned search to use basketball games to convince her parents one day, that of gangsterism that penetrates and influences games, and her love life with Charlene Choi in another role as a flowerpot just to look good and do nothing else. All behave a little too beautiful, leaving little space for the main characters to add depth. One of the key issues here is the realization of the importance of teamwork rather than individual talent and ability, and could have been much stronger if the players themselves interacted much more off-screen than on it , and during competitive games, in addition to five and five. <br /> <br /> With a budget of 10 million dollars, it's easy to see where the money went - the effects, in particular, a huge sequence of fantasy at a crucial point in the film. It is quite impeccable, beautiful to look at and probably justifiable only for its quality, but once again I like to emphasize that even without those elements, the acrobatics of basketball itself would still make this decent film with beautiful basketball moves. And having Jay Chou playing for your team is a big boost for the hopes of a box office success.
