Lost, probably the best series of t.v ever made. the plot is intelligent and when all your questions are answered by watching an episode, another 100 are raised. if lost can continue with its magnificent ways and not get caught too far, then the best show ever will be stapled. Survivors of a plane crash are forced to live together on a remote island, a dangerous new world that poses unique threats. after reading this thought of yours, how can it be interesting? and here is your answer, every season SO FAR has always been full of surprises, you're always questioning why it's just happened and what will happen every time, something unexpected happens and the story goes on so wonderfully! The series makes you sick, it's chilling and very exciting, everything from the wonderful creators and directors to the magnificent performances of the cast, creates a very credible story. Lost is simply incredible, incredible, very funny, top notch, at its best. How come you want to put it. <br /> <br /> Lost Beats are all the other avalanche shows. And if you're hating or criticizing Lost, you don't know how to look at t.v or watch drama. Lost simply does not disappoint, you would think that a series that has lasted so long cannot continue to improve. But it does! Keep flowing is unlike anything you can ever think of. "Everything happens for a reason." And this is really shown in the series. Eventually you will reach a point where all the clues are present and all that has happened or been done is added up. You will hear and realize how the characters have changed and how and why everything is happening. <br /> <br /> The 10 minutes of excitement: you see something you haven't seen coming, something important happened to the character or on the island. There is hope somewhere. See an important turning point that can or will change everything. Feel the churn of your thought, you wonder what will happen next. Your heart beats. The 30 minutes of brilliance: see impeccable scenes, building tensions, listening to wonderful music by Michael Giacchino. See big flashbacks, an impressive acting. You see wit, a chilling atmosphere, which then turns back into tension. <br /> <br /> Everyone has shown that they too are dependent, that they don't have enough, they admire every minute and that they can wait for the next episode, which they talk about 24/7. Too much me and many others is this series. Lost. Once you start looking, you will never get enough. The creators have done an impeccable job. Lost is completely unique and original, you will not see anything like it. The clever idea of ​​"flashback and flashforward" and something important and different in every season sucks your thoughts. Would they ever do a series like "LOST"? Something so interesting and something you will always remember. He simply stunned the world when he hit t.v. A new generation of drama / science fiction. An instant classic before it reached the spectators. I'm sure you've all heard of loss and it's a 5-star review, and your annoying friend who won't stop talking to you about it, so what's stopping you from looking? <br /> <br /> Each episode leads to something new and simply doesn't stop improving more and more, you become more interested as you go along, you learn things that are on the island that you wouldn't even think about. The characters start to get really nice, and if you are the critical type that you would like to see Lost in more details, things like how the relationship between the characters develops and how they learn ways to look and face challenges from the Island . All together it is a great drama and an impeccable series. I suppose we just hope that the defeat doesn't have a fall in the episodes of coming and going away ..... so if you don't look lost, read the comment again from above and you should change your mind. Seeing is believing, so until you start looking you will never know. I highly recommend this masterpiece of series: LOST !! start watching !!! You haven't seen anything until you watch LOST !!!
