start working on this film when it was made in the summer of 1990. Shot partly on the Biltmore estate in Asheville, North Carolina and the remaining parts in Winston-Salem. RJ Reynolds' massive offices have been used in various office scenes and locations around the beautiful city that is known as the tulip capital of the Winston-Salem world! I enjoyed my work, even though it was extremely hard work to build all the sets like the Golf of Mexico, where Renee Russo and Jim Belushi went to their appointment. I also had a great hand in decorating the bar where Larry meets the magical barman Mr. Destiny. I stuck all those pictures on the wall of the heroes of sport and I decorated that phone booth where Larry makes a phone call for a taxi. I even put my mother's picture at eye level so I could freeze it and show it to her when we looked at it. I remember having dyed the grass in his old house with a green tint because before it had to be soggy (it was a new house in a new building and I imagine they had rented it for the film) .. then I had to cut that clod just laid for make it look nice..man that was hard! As for the film, when we did it we had no idea how it would have been, but after seeing it I fell in love with it because it really tells the story of "What if" as I had never seen it before, including the great is a life wonderful. I cried so many times <br /> <br /> that I can't count. I got to meet the wonderful actor Michael Caine while shooting the scenes in an old minor league ballpark where Larry's boyhood scenes were played and played. I remember that after he had taken a take and was returning to his trailer, I found him and asked him for a photo and he was rather kind and said "why not!" He's a good guy and a really natural and strong actor. I can't say the same for Jim Belushi ... he was so full of himself, he smoked big Cuban cigars and he spoke loudly so <br /> <br /> everyone could hear every word within earshot. His career never took off, but he recently had a decent television career. I'd say watch this movie if you get the chance. It's wonderful, really felt and real. You can feel Larry's pain after entering the new world that Mr. Destiny gave him after hitting the homosexual, and how he wants it so much for people to believe that he is not this bad boy that everyone thinks he is. They all think he belongs to an asylum! But in the end he manages to win over people, but then he wants to relive his real life, especially his wonderful wife, so beautifully played by Linda Hamilton ... and he wants his dog back! So watch it.
