While the original 1932 version, with Preston Foster, was good, there is no more worthy remake of this 1959, or more impossible to find anywhere, just as I strongly suspect that Mickey Rooney had something to do with this . Never a simple performance would ever have been so brilliantly brilliant, or a more inspiring script, as well as an improvement over the original. Many years after the last of my various visions of this film, in 1970, I read an article in which Mickey Rooney told a visit he had made on death row, and which evidently had drastically eliminated any sense of personal identification he "felt with people in similar circumstances.The article was shorter than the main character here, and did not cover much except the extent to which his extreme disillusionment with the quality of the prisoners themselves had been emphasized, even in a language that I did not would be interested to explicitly mention here ... One of my main problems with the death penalty is that, of course, it is not applied in a uniform, impartial manner, just as many innocent people are too careless, so send uselessly to address this particular fate. Another problem I have with it is that it is not applied quickly enough, or, for that matter, even quite p ubblicamente! The Bible makes a special point, in these cases, on one of its most important aims, as a deterrent, being ineffectively obscured, less, not only a public vision, but also the direct participation of all! As for those who claim to demonstrate, statistically, that this is not an effective deterrent? Besides having a problem with the reliability of their data, I have little or no doubt objectively in doubt, many are behind bars now due to the lack of such a deterrent. However, I have a problem with the fact that Robert Duvall, in The Apostle, had been punished at all, for his particular "crime", or that the only hope of clemency for someone like him should have been based on a defense of "madness". temporary ", as if that could be the only acceptable excuse in his case. . . . In addition to various other questions about the motives of Mickey Rooney for that particular visit he had told, and about the answers to which I can only try to speculate, I suspect that the principal was of a decidedly religious nature. I don't know exactly when he became the Christian professor, but now he makes it a special point, when possible, to emphasize that it is; but as anyone should be well aware, this particular category of people tends to be the most violent blood when it comes to drawing an eye for an eye. However, I have no particular criticism about this, per se, as there is no doubt, scripturally speaking, that not everything, and perhaps not even most, should be spared the same final destiny, at the hands of the Lord Himself, as a result of His sacrifice on the cross. However, for me, there is a problem regarding the spirit or attitude with which the most professed Christians emphasize their enthusiasm for capital punishment; because, contrary to the Lord Himself, who would like to see everyone saved (Ezekiel 18:32) (II Peter 3: 9), it seems that they go crazy to find reasons to condemn! . . . What most people, on both sides of this always superfluous problem, do not seem to sufficiently appreciate, is that the Lord is as dynamic and elusively soft in nature as it is hard. The two sides of its nature seem to be so intrinsically incompatible as to make it mentally unbalanced, at least by a strictly human evaluation. And yet, regardless of how elusive this miraculously dynamic mixture of water and oil in His nature is elusive, there can be no doubt that anything apart, or something fanatically and characteristically on one side or the other of this equation , falls inadequately and unacceptably short of all judicial truth. In fact, I have seen the bloodiest thirst for the same to come out, in quite contradictory ways, on too many occasions, whenever defenders categorically against the death penalty find themselves having to face, even in the most rationally balanced way, the fact that, although the Lord died for everyone, not everyone will be saved in this way. After all, to receive absolution, it is necessary, to repeat the same term, to reach and receive, that is, to repent (Luke 13: 3-5). Could something make more sense? . . . But then, what about the Lord's command to forgive, even in the case of one's enemies, those who despise and persecute you without a just cause or provocation? One of the difficulties far too prevalent with this type of sentimentalism, as interpreted incorrectly, is the way in which it overshadows excessively - it simplifies the true meaning of forgiveness. The act of forgiveness does not in itself mean the same thing that unconditionally excludes those who are forgiven. When we take a clearly sober and rationally balanced vision here, from the point of view of God's attitude, all this amounts to a fervent desire that the one who is forgiven will eventually find his way, see the light and be granted mercy. This attitude is, of course, the exact opposite of, say, that of Jonah, who actually resented when God told him that his preaching to the people of Nineveh would lead to their repentance. Jonah did not want them to repent, but they wanted vengeance for them to be destroyed. How hypocritical he was, in cold blood as he was for most professional Christians, apart from the fact that his reasons were undoubtedly better than the others! I envy Jonah almost as much as I do! However, minus the repentance of the one who is forgiven, any forgiveness he can receive from a true Christian will do him no good. In that case, the only one to benefit is the true Christian himself!
