New York hosts a man above all others, the possible immortal Dr. Anton Mordrid. Mordrid is the sworn protector of humanity, using his magical powers to keep his brother and rival, Kabal, chained so as not to enslave the human race. Well, wouldn't you know that? A prophecy comes true and Kabal frees himself and begins to collect elements (including platinum and uranium) for his alchemy experiments. With the help of a police woman named Sam, can Mordrid defeat his evil brother? "Dr. Mordrid" comes to me with the kind permission of Charles Band in the Full Moon Archive Collection. I hadn't heard of it, which is a little strange given that I'm a huge fan of Jeffrey Combs (Mordrid) and the film isn't that old. But now it's mine and I can enjoy it again and again. The film is certainly fun in the classic Full Moon style. Richard Band provides the music (which doesn't differ much from all his other scores) and Brian Thompson plays the evil Kabal. We even have animated dinosaur bones! What do you want more? Of course, the cheese factor is high. I felt that much of the film was a rip off of Dr. Strange's comics. And the blue suit was silly. And the holes in the plot are everywhere (I could list at least five, but why worry). And why does the ancient symbol of Mordrid and Kabal seem suspiciously like a scythe and a hammer? Combs has never been a strong actor, so it fits perfectly with cheese. These are not complaints. Full Moon fans expect these things and devour them like Grape Nuts. I'm guilty ... I loved this movie. <br /> <br /> If you're not a Full Moon fan or a Jeffrey Combs fan ... you may want to look elsewhere. But if you like the early 90s of cinema style and haircuts, you'd eat it. Fans of Stallone and Schwarzenegger could see Brian Thompson as a villain, looking like a madman as always and not being able to state English beyond the third level. I did it. I wish there was a "Mordrid II", but the company that does a sequel to just about everything ("Gingerdead Man 3" is really needed) has broadcast this.
