I really liked "Doctor Mordrid". This is a low budget movie, which can be daunting for some, but I have no problem with it. I admire him even more for this, considering that it is much more fun than the bully that Hollywood churns out every year. Too bad that this didn't have a theatrical release; I don't know of anyone else, but I would have gone to see it in the cinemas. "Doctor Mordrid" is a very funny science fiction film that everyone can enjoy, especially if they are science fiction fans like me. I don't see why this is an R-rated movie; it is said only one f-word, and there are no gruesome death scenes, nor is there any blood. The timeless rivalry between the sorcerers Anton and Kabal (Anton wanted to use his powers to save the human race, while Kabal wanted to enslave them), gave the story a sense of enchantment, while the mythical plot added charm to the story itself. Basically, this is a movie that is simply fun to watch. There is something unintentionally funny in this film though: to see Jeffrey Combs keep his face serious while wearing that stupid cape and blue dress. This makes me laugh every time I see it. But I digress ... Anyway, acting is great; the main protagonists (Anton and his friend Samantha) are very nice; Anton is friendly and hospitable, and Samantha is friendly. Also, the settings were wonderful. The floating island in the other dimension was a very interesting setting; however we are only given a glance twice; it would have been nice to see other scenes taking place here. Even the main setting was very accurate; Anton's apartment is very spacious and has some interesting devices, especially the monitoring system he uses to keep track of world events. He even has a domestic crow he keeps in his apartment called Edgar. Overall, this is a great movie; it was fun to watch, and the main actors put a lot of feeling into their roles. If you can find anywhere that rents 'Doctor Mordrid', you should rent it (or, in my case, buy it. It was definitely money well spent)! My vote: 8 out of 10 stars. <br /> <br />
