The film "Holly" is the story of a young girl sold by her poor family and smuggled across the Cambodian border to work as a prostitute in the infamous red-light village "K11". In the film, Holly is waiting to be sold at a prize for her virginity when she meets Patrick who is losing money and friends through gambling and bar struggles. Patrick and Holly have an immediate connection with their "stubbornness", but all this is upset when Holly is sold to a child trafficker and disappears. As movie viewers, we are therefore pushed into Patrick's attempt to find Holly again. Holly then shows her willingness to leave this lifestyle, but her confusion about what is right and what is wrong. "Holly" takes us through the beautiful and hard Cambodia discovering that HOLLY is not just a girl. It is the voice of millions of children who are exploited and violated every year without rights or protection. <br /> <br /> Holly is less extreme than the subject may suggest, as documentaries involving 4-year-olds and sex trafficking, but it sheds much light on the Cambodian / Vietnamese traffic of children to prostitution. It is a moving story that helps shed light on the horrible situation in which many children find themselves and their struggles to trust and realize what is right and wrong. <br /> <br /> Patrick, the antagonist of the film, is an American trader of stolen artifacts who is also losing money and friends while playing cards and starts arguing with bars. During a journey, his motorcycle runs out of fuel, and he is forced to rent a room in a brothel. During his stay he met Holly, a twelve-year-old girl sold by her parents and kidnapped in slavery and prostitution. Holly and Patrick begin a friendship of trust and understanding. He discovers an intelligent and stubborn girl in the traumatized aspect and becomes determined to save her, even if their platonic relationship is misunderstood by almost everyone they meet. When she suddenly disappears, she begins a journey to track her down, without thinking if he can really help her. <br /> <br /> Holly is able to escape while going to another brothel, when she jumps from the truck and runs into a field full of mines. A mine is blown up by a cow and the truck driver believes she is dead, so Holly is left alone. During Patrick's journey to find the holly he meets a social worker who tries to speak common sense in him and shares the facts with him who persecutes the Cambodian region. The idea of ​​paying for his freedom simply fuels the demand, he explains: 30,000 children in prostitution in Cambodia - next year could be 60,000. "I'm not trying to save 60,000," he says, "I'm trying to save one." Patrick discovers that the idea of ​​bringing her to safety is quickly put to rest when the social worker tells him that the United States will not allow him to adopt him and, even if it takes five minutes to "save" a child, it takes five years to reintegrate it into society. Patrick is not influenced by information and continues his quest to find Holly. <br /> <br /> The public is then shown that Holly arrives in a small town and is looking for food with other homeless people. She is then helped by a local policeman who seems little better than criminals with a badge when they sell her to another brothel and then makes a deal with a Vietnamese businessman who then takes her with virginity. Holly therefore seems to think that this is her destiny and when Patrick finally finds her, her distant friend is willing to "yum yum" and "boom boom". Patrick is completely confused by this change of behavior, but he is not discouraged in his plan to take her away from this world. In the end, he kidnaps her and takes her to a safe land in the comfort of the social worker. Holly is given fresh clothes, if food is brought to a dance class, but it is forbidden to see Patrick. This intense desire to be in the comfort of Patrick's friendship escapes from the safe and returns to the streets in Cambodia. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, Patrick is facing the decision to leave the country and flee back to the United States or stay in Cambodia. His thoughts keep returning to Holly and during a visit to a bar; an older male sees the photo he is holding and comments on his sexual appetite when he had sex with her. This angers Patrick and hits the man and runs out of the bar. In the end, Patrick is captured by the police in Holly's eyes, hiding behind a pole. <br /> <br /> The film "Holly" could make the public want to donate money to organizations that improve life for these poor young people and even campaigns to reduce the amount of brothels in the region, but the dramatic weaknesses of the film they could reduce the chances of being seen by enough people to make a difference. Overall, I think the concept is better as a documentary and it's not as touching as a movie. The actors have done a great job of showing their raw emotion and the real confusion of the young people who are influenced by this lifestyle, but in the end, the harsh lifestyle of the region and the desperate notions of parents selling their children to support their own hunger, it does nothing to help children's situations.
