After enjoying this show for years, I'd like to dream of being able to see them all again and share them with my grandchildren. I'm so happy to pay a small sum for the memories I found recorded on DVD. Florida was a caring mother with a loving husband who worked hard, a beautiful spoiled daughter and two different children like day and night. Michael, the little son is a freedom walker and JJ is a clown. I know that many African Americans do not like this show, but I know that many can relate to and should have accepted it as it was. My heart was sad when I heard that Ester Rolle had passed. Tyler Perry is now the main actor of today and I support his work, but not so much since he made a cruel mockery of Rolle in one of his works. No one should hear bad things about physical appearance. The show began to become less interesting when dad James died. She grew up a little when Florida remarried, but she collapsed when she took an absence from the show. In all, the show was great and again I am pleased to own copies of part of my past. I try to keep up with the work of former Good Times stars, and I must say that I am a group that has not been swept away by rumors. I think today's children will appreciate this show and I have no problem sitting and watching with children. Congratulations to the writer, the troupe and the stars for years of renewed memories of a time that I can once again have fun without having to skip the scenes. <br /> <br /> OK so I watch the shows over and over again. Lately I've noticed something that made me think about the series, but I don't like it. I think Florida was a little tough when it came to money made by children. Not that children didn't need supervision, but it was done in a way that makes Florida motherhood different. The scenes in which Florida had to talk about how other people weren't very nice bother me now. When James was alive, the show did a great thing with James who wanted his Fix-it store, but he never lived to see his family out of plans, but Florida marries someone who owns an item store for the fix. A bit of a slap in the face to an actor who should have finished his time on Good Times proving he did everything he was fighting for. Finally, while watching the shows, I see the series that goes to overtime and is renamed "JJ". To be honest, after James left everything mostly centered around JJ. It's not a bad thing, just an obvious thing. I wouldn't trade my DVDs for any amount of money, but the time, maturity and experience started to drive your eyes after a while.
