When people think of downtown Chicago they think of Walter Payton, Ditka and "Da Bears", Ryne Sandberg, the White Sox breaking the curse in 2005 or the immortal Michael Jordan and his six championships (and the MVP finals) with the Chicago Bulls. Rarely in this generation do people think of the distressed side of Chicago, the ghettos, the drug-infested streets and life in urban construction projects in the 1970s. <br /> <br /> One of the most formidable television shows of all time and a revolutionary sitcom was "Good Times", which I vaguely remember as a child in CBS, and now I like it regularly on TV Land. <br /> <br /> "Good Times" was another classic by Norman Lear, the producer who gave us "The Jeffersons", the best African American sitcom of all time and "All in the Family", the biggest show of all time. "Good Times" has highlighted the difficulties of the ghetto and urban housing projects, and has done so with fascinating, well-written and thoughtful plots, and some wonderful recitations, especially of the matriarch and patriarch of this family of fighting ghettos, interpreted by Esther Rolle and John Amos. The children in the supporting cast were also pretty good especially the ever popular Janet Jackson in his early years and Ralph Carter as the youngest son in Florida and James Evans whose character at a young age realizes that life is unfair and needs to learn to stand his two feet. <br /> <br /> The greatest of JJ's children played by Jimmy Walker is a bit out of place in this show and is mainly for comic relief. His emotional age is about 11 or 12 years even though he looks like a boy in his early twenties. J.J. it becomes annoying, and it is an honor to the often bad villain James Evans (Amos) who never tells J.J. get your own life, find a job and leave home. J.J. he is an aspiring painter, but unlike his younger brother he is never serious about obtaining a degree, or more important for the family that finds a job to help support a family that is just above the welfare state. <br /> <br /> Two classic Good Times episodes were when the character of Janet Jackson has a fever of 104, and the Florida Evans is desperate for good medical help for her she can't afford anything if not a doctor in the clinic who is very professional but does not want to give a family from the projects more attention than what legally must do. The other episode is one in which James Evans cannot afford the rent of a paltry $ 104 a month. The Evans are going to get the biggest number of family setbacks, being thrown out of the projects without where to go. Florida Evans goes downtown to the council of social services to try to get a loan or a grant to help her family. But the government does not consider its family poor because it has over $ 4,200 in activity for a family of five that is unjustly but unfortunately legally above the poverty line. James and the children want to pass themselves off as money, but Florida is a person of great moral character and doesn't want to do anything dishonest, no matter how difficult their situation is. Eventually the family finds a solution to keep their heads above water. <br /> <br /> "Good Times" a classic show from the 70s is to keep you out of the water in a cruel world. James and Florida Evans both work hard in menial jobs to try to bring their children back properly and avoid the social stigma of welfare. I was too young to understand the sitcom's message as a child in the 70's when it was first broadcast on CBS, but I really like TV Land's replicas in 2006. "Good Times" is one of the classic sitcoms of the past in the day.
