This show was a landmark in American comedy as it was the first sitcom to act in an all-American cast. Unfortunately, however, it has never been widespread in Britain. <br /> <br /> The Evans family is a poor Afro-American family that lives in a skyscraper. His dad's name is James, he tries to manage the house, but his wife Florida always gets the better of him. The three children are the artistic JJ, the moody Thelma and the young intellectual Michael. Always entering the house is the gossipy friend of Florida, Willona. I saw two episodes of this show on youtube (Black Jesus and Sex and the Evans Family - the only two on the site). Perhaps you are thinking why a British observer has watched a series that has never been shown or almost never heard in his country. The answer is this. In 1976, the Britains' first black sitcom was called "The Fosters". Only two series were made and now it seems forgotten. But I saw an episode and I was really impressed. Then I learned that the scripts were identical to "Good Times". They were exactly the same characters but with different names: Sam Foster was the father, his wife was Pearl Foster and the three children were Sonny (a young Lenny Henry), Shirley and Benjamin. Pearl's gossipy friend was Vilma. (To read about The Fosters, I wrote a review about it). While watching "Good Times", only two things bothered me. First of all it was the melody of the opening theme (horrible) and secondly it was the laughter of the audience. I like the laughter of the audience, but in this someone would say a slightly funny line and the public would go crazy and start clapping. Apart from that, it was a very funny show. We hope that other episodes will be published on YouTube and we hope that someone will release "The Fosters" on DVD in England. <br /> <br /> Best episode: Sex and the Evans family - Episode 1 Series 6. Foster's episode was called Sex in the Black Community. The other episode I saw, Black Jesus was the title of an episode of "The Fosters"
