Forbidden Planet is the kind of science fiction that is precious in cinema, especially since the 1950s. There was The Day the Earth Stood Still and War of the Worlds, but don't forget this gem that took part of his story from Shakespeare's The Tempest to tell a story about astronauts on a planet that has a doctor on it that has made a remarkable breakthrough. It is the kind of turning point that is not so incredible to look at (even if for 1956 it seems really surprising to look at some of those sets and that gigantic machine that the doctor creates), but with his emphasis on the characters and his technology themes taken too much far from the more primitive side of human nature, even when we do not know that we are channeling it. <br /> <br /> On the surface, that is in the first ten minutes, it seems standard, if a little more professionally performed and directed with better skills than the B-movies of the period. An astronaut ship is on a mission to the planet Altair-4 to report an expedition lost decades ago. But the only one left is Dr. Morbis (Walter Pidgeon) and his daughter, who somehow were immune from an attack that left all the others dead. Morbius seems to be a friendly and very intelligent man, and his technology seems to be so impressive that the only thing astronauts, led by Skipper (Leslie Nielsen), can think of doing is bringing her back to their superiors on Earth. <br /> <br /> But there is a catch: something is killing the ship's crew members, one by one, every night, even when others are watching and then raising an invisible electric fence, which the invisible something passes easily. Meanwhile, there's a bit of romance, perhaps, between Skipper and Alraira, and there's a more intrusive tone than the doctor: you shouldn't come to the planet to start, and now you have to go. What happens from this is even more fascinating, only on a purely intellectual level, but the Forbidden Planet never forgets that its audience should also be entertained by this story while getting some useful ideas. While everyone remembers Robbie the Robot, and for good reason, perhaps the most unforgettable image for me is the monster made on the screen with the troupe shooting uselessly, animated with red electricity and with a look so beastly as to seem Fantasy. <br /> <br /> Pidgeon's acting is subtle: you wouldn't expect him to be a bad guy, even if there's something in the character and performance that talks about this, and eventually makes the character far more complex than one would expect. And the other performances are perfect but also excellent, from Nielsen as leader born in Holliman providing a great comic relief like the Cook (which, I should add, helps with one of the funniest scenes in the film with those gallons of bourbon that Robbie provides). And the effects for his time are extraordinary (nostalgically sophisticated even for today), and the music, made by electronics, is beautiful in its "tones". But in the end it's the script and the careful management of Hilcox to put this notch above the rest of the batch of the movie B. When it's meant to be fun, it's intentionally so and it works. When it is dramatic, it connects quite well even in difficult moments with the actors. And when we are forced to think of a horrible situation, it gradually appears, with nuances, not pushed into the face or injected into mega-action. <br /> <br /> An inspiration for many other science fiction films, and a nice sign of science fiction stories and books of the past, it's a classy and fun classic.
