I should say at the beginning that there are many, many things I love about "Forbidden Planet" and yes, I definitely consider it a "classic" science fiction movie for many reasons. But the adulation he has received over the years is a bit exaggerated in my opinion. No less an authority that Leonard Maltin says "Forbidden Planet" "... is one of the most ambitious and intelligent films of its kind". Ambitious? No doubt. Intelligent? It depends on which part of the film you are talking about. It was certainly the most prestigious science fiction film with a high budget up to that point. With a cost of nearly $ 2 million (this was 1956, remember), MGM has come up with every obstacle to produce a mind-blowing and mind-blowing space adventure unlike anything seen on the big screen before, even employing Disney studio artists for some of the most elaborate special effects. "Fascinating" is not usually a word used to describe special effects in science fiction films, but it is what seems most appropriate here. Even the dreaded 'Monster from the Id' is just a cartoon figure well done by Disney, unlikely to scare anyone over 8 years old. When I see the various sets and take note of the artistic design, models, costumes, etc., I can't think of anything like "The Wizard of Oz", with its wonderfully saturated colors and elaborate if not always convincing effects. So much work has gone into these films that one is inclined to smile with admiration for the effort regardless. 'Forbidden Planet' is wonderful to watch. The scenes take place on obvious stages that are fabulously decorated, opaque paintings of planets and space in the background, and complexly designed miniature sand dunes and so on to give the illusion of depth. It's a bit like watching the most elaborate theatrical performance you've ever seen. The most credible and convincing scenes are probably those inside the massive Krell complex, where the shots that show the vast depth and breadth of this interior space are well made and credible. But then we get to the actors, damn it. The representations are almost uniformly horrible, even though in all honesty it must be said that dialogue almost never transcends the level of humor in adolescent locker rooms, with the exception of some passages of a barely adequate scientific technobabble. Even the great actor Walter Pidgeon has reduced himself to giving a performance so bitter, sometimes it's grim. A very young Leslie Nielsen plays the commander of the spaceship J.J. Adams, and does not convey an ounce of credibility or conviction in the entire film. He seems instinctively to know, thirty years in advance, that his real strength lies in comedy, since there are times that he barely seems able to keep his face serious by playing his lines. Any forced reaction, whether it is anger or passion or solemn meditation, seems to come from a high school work. Anne Francis, also very young, behaves a bit better like the innocent Alta, who we believe has never seen a human man different from her father until the spaceship crew shows up. (Alta Morbius, now there is a name for you.) Unfortunately, even at this tender age, Anne Francis seems as virginal and naive as Elizabeth Taylor in "Butterfield 8". There's a good story here, buried somewhere underneath the mischievous comments of crew members on Alta and yet another juvenile subplot about Earl Holliman's on-board cook, "Cookie". (Even Holliman behaves horribly. I imagine that all these actors went directly from this film to drama school.) Based on "The Tempest" by Shakespeare, the story of a dead race, of Krell and the fantastic world of machines they left behind what most people tend to remember about 'Forbidden Planet', and for good reason. For a few minutes here and there, you can forget the rest of the film and be dazzled by the conception of the Disney artists of Krell's underground complex. Is that enough to make up for the rest of the film's shortcomings? You will have to decide for yourself. Oh, and of course there's Robby the Robot, a ten-year idea of ​​all the '50s about how a robot should look and talk. It is funny. In places. So, 'Forbidden Planet' is a VERY mixed lot for me. It deserves the credit for being the inspiration for a whole series of science fiction films and television programs that followed, not the least of which was "Star Trek". But I would suggest that anyone who thinks it's more than a comic book script goes back and looks again.
