Like others in this forum, when "Fobidden Planet" was offered in 1956, I hastened to see it. This story is an interesting phenomenon that I suggest because the young, the old, the males, the women, the science fiction experts and the people who find this way out can follow and appreciate very well the plot and the plot of this film. set on a planet other than Earth in the 20th century, as well as serials like "Flash Gordon". Leslie Nielsen was a bit weak for his role at the time, but Walter Pigeon, Marvin Miller, Anne Francis, Richard Anderson, Earl Holliman and especially Warren Stevens all did very well: there are so many visual splendors in This, it is difficult to choose a favorite from the scenes of the film: the approach to Altair-4, the starship itself, the landing on the alien surface of the planet, the descent through the extensor stairs, the first view of the landscape, the approaching the rack, the house of dr. Morbius seen from the outside and from within, the underground complex and its wonders, the arrangement of weapons, the battle with the monster, the final approval of the invisible destroyer, the escape from the doomed planet - all these scenes are imprinted in the mind of the viewer because we discover them together with the participants. Veteran Cyril Hume's screenplay was intelligently filmed by longtime director Fred McLeod Wilcox with clarity and imagination. it is a shock to realize that there is no music at all; the film is transported by words, actors and the mysterious revelation plot. It can be looked at again and again with pleasure - I've been doing it for almost fifty years. Until this famous and beloved film was created, no film had tried to imagine a world beyond the Earth; and for decades, ships continued to crash into the planet - as if the writers' imagination were failing and causing accidents. Still the best, many say. This says something negative about the so-called imagination of this nation's intellectual leaders - and something very positive, in fact, I suggest to those who created this gem.
