When one thinks of the science fiction films of the fifties, one thinks of the genre of schocky black and white films B that were parodied on the old TV show of the Mystery Science Theater 3000. Yet, while there were many more films like Plan 9 From Outer Space and Robot Monster that good movies, in the 50s there were some very good, if not great, science fiction films, like The Day The Earth Stood Still, The Incredible Shrinking Man, Invasion Of The Body Snatchers, War Of The Worlds and The Thing From Another World. However, the best of the group, for its literacy and production values, was undoubtedly MGM's first major foray into Forbidden Planet, a level A film, released in 1956. It was a 98-minute color film, directed by Fred M. Wilcox, which features state-of-the-art special effects, and was endowed with an excellent screenplay by Cyril Hume, from a film treatment called Fatal Planet, by Irving Block and Allen Adler, which adapted some aspects of The Tempest by William Shakespeare. <br /> <br /> The film was exciting when it was released, for its special effects nominated for an Oscar, for its electronic music soundtrack, by Louis and Bebe Barron (although credited as Electronic tonality, to avoid the expenses for the musical guild), vivid opaque paintings inspired by Chesley Bonestell and the famous Monster Of The Id (MOTI), animated by an animator, Joshua Meador, on loan from the Walt Disney studio. Even more famous was the appearance of Robby The Robot, in his first role in both film and television. Later he will appear in the movie The Invisible Boy - included on this DVD as a bonus, as well as in several appearances in the 1960s shows of the television series "The Twilight Zone", "Night Gallery" and "Lost In Space" - with his own robot that is often confused and cameo appearance in the 1984 film Gremlins. <br /> <br /> The story is simple, but elegantly constructed and full of humorous aspects that bring to life the aspect of the "love story" forced into the film. In the 23rd century, the United Planetets Cruiser C-57D - a flying saucer, led by commander J.J. Adams (Leslie Nielsen yes, he was once a prominent man before his days as a police squad), is en route to the planet Altair IV, to investigate what happened to the crew of the Bellerophon, sent to the planet twenty years ago. After a one-year journey, they meet the solitary survivor of the party, Dr. Edward Morbius (Walter Pidgeon), the philologist Prospero, his beautiful blonde daughter Altaira (Anne Francis) - the character Miranda in a miniskirt from the 60s and Robby the Robot, the domestic that is the Calibian counterpart. Morbius warns the crew of a mysterious force that killed Bellerophon's party in their first year, yet was it immune to it? All in all, it's a technically good film, especially with some rear-projections and opaque paintings, and the absurdity of adult reactions to Timmy and Robby's exploits borders on the surreal nonsense of Dalian. And yet, it is clear that the filmmakers had no idea of ​​the sublime absurdity that the film evokes, because it is played directly, making it even more fun. What about the main feature? The Forbidden Planet deserves all its compliments. It's not a perfect movie, but it's a great way to spend a couple of hours, and much better than Star Wars, which although created twenty years later seems much more obsolete and youthful. Only films like 2001: A Space Odyssey, Solaris, Alien and Aliens and the first two Terminator films have truly equaled or surpassed this classic in depth and effects. <br /> <br /> It is worth knowing, although the planet's "Happy ending" is forbidden, there is the possibility that the MOTI is still inactive even in Alta. After all, she is her father's daughter and had an even more vivid nightmare than her father when the MOTI attacked the ship a second time. Furthermore, the film wisely only 'shows' the MOTI once, and never shows Krel, because imagination can always conjure up more scares than the best special effects. The film also makes good use of narrative ellipses to condense the story, something that often much more realistic art films fail to do. Forbidden Planet is one of those rare films that both define, but transcends its era, unlike other science fiction films that were quite obvious Cold War allegories. Watch it, and you will agree, as well as sleep a little less easy. But, even if you don't, there's still the scene of Anne Francis skinnypping. This alone is timeless.
