The forbidden planet is considered a reference point in science fiction, remaining carefully in "hard" aspects of the genre (science - not fantasy, fashion lovers will love it) while playing with images and ideas of values contemporaries of the 50s. The isolated house of Morbius is a model of modern design with open spaces that overlook carved gardens, a swimming pool and the latest appliance: Robby the Robot. "A housewife's dream!" exclaims the Captain after lunch and a demonstration of the robot's ability to synthesize food and disintegrate waste. <br /> <br /> Also revealing the 1950s: Frederian psychology lifts its head in Id's explanation, although Morbius rejects it as an obsolete concept. There's a touch of the Pacific war drama in the battle with the invisible monster and life aboard the flying saucer. Perhaps the most timely is post-atomic fear that Science is the enemy, and arrogant scientists will unintentionally destroy destruction in their blind pursuit of knowledge. <br /> <br /> However the suburban drama presented by Forbidden Planet seems extraordinarily fresh to the sci-fi genre. They are not reckless or heroes, but simple sailors crossing the galaxy with the cruelty and honesty of a soldier. The good guys drive the flying saucer, and the aliens are so far away that we don't even know how they are made - even if their music - the "atmospheric tones" of Bebe and Louis Barron are remarkably futuristic today. The views from the house of Morbius are really alien with jagged cliffs and pink bonsai. The inside of the saucer is just this side of Buck Rogers. There is a lot to see visually. Although we get fantastic monsters and robots for children, Forbidden Planet is a slow-going, chatty brain movie. He is working on many levels simultaneously: sci-fi lasts against the space adventure, philosophical against the domestic. <br /> <br /> There are many suburban touches. Despite all their space talk, the soldiers are dressed for the golf course. Morbius's fatal discovery is a humble educational structure, a school. The most interesting character is the daughter of Morbius, Altaira. Never having seen a man, she is pardoned forward towards the crew. She is a post-Madonna teenager who designs her space clothes and takes every opportunity to change clothes - imagine Christina Aguilera with a home replicator. The men watching the movie could see her as a naive girl in a minidress, but every woman knows that there is no naive girl in a minidress. Anne Francis deserves better recognition for humiliating the Leut with kisses. Unfortunately we will never know if she is "working" it suspiciously, since the Captain interrupts and becomes a more interesting target for his attention. She is the character who makes the important change in the film. Shocked by the fact that her father compares the deceased Doc to the other "emuli" on his landing party, he leaves his father's home to leave with sailors to the Earth. It is this act of challenge, of maturity, which sends the creature Id of Morbius beyond the limit, allegorically destroying its creator just as it did thousands of centuries before at the Krell. <br /> <br /> Maybe Krell also had teenage daughters ...?
