The only thing I knew about this movie before seeing it was Robby The Robot. My preconception was that it was another in a long series of sci-fi cheesy movies from the 1950s. How wrong I was. The big studio, the big budget and the great production values ​​make this a strong competitor, at least visually, for the best science fiction film released from the era. I visually qualify with the word, because "War Of The Worlds" is much darker and scarier than "Forbidden Planet", and probably fits the style better as an incursion into alien territory. <br /> <br /> What struck me immediately was the color rendering of the film, followed by the complexity and scope of the details involved in the home and laboratory of Dr. Morbius (Walter Pidgeon). But that was only the prelude to the icing on the cake, the underground labyrinth that served as the Krell stronghold. It seemed that Krell's technology was even more advanced than that of "Star Wars". Which made me think, the audience of this movie when it came out probably sat in the same kind of awe that theater-goers experienced in 1977 with SW, or in 1986 with "Aliens". Watching it on a big TV screen in my living room gave me the same effect, and I'm pretty resistant to hyperbole. <br /> <br /> It is not too difficult to imagine "Forbidden Planet" as a direct movie before the TV series "Star Trek"; Gene Roddenberry himself said the film had a great impact on his vision of the show. The followers of that short-lived series will readily recognize the elements of the plot used here in "Star Trek". I had to do a double turn when the men of United Planets Cruiser C57-V headed for a teleportation room, while the enigma presented to Robby that made it impossible to respond was an element used at least two or three times in the ST series. <br /> <br /> Where the film certainly had a brain turn it had to do with the whole idea of ​​'monsters from the Id'. That Morbius himself was using his subconscious to defend the Altaire IV was certainly a unique concept for 1956, when every other science fiction film of the time dealt with Martians or other grotesque space creatures. The film worked on its subtle magic on this viewer helping me understand that Morbius was the protector of Altaire IV some time before Commander Adams (Leslie Nielsen) explained it. <br /> <br /> You know, looking at the calendar, the year 2200 is not that far away. This film can be what actually does it in relation to exploration and life on other planets. But I think they will have to find a more elegant version of Robby.
