I'm always so frustrated that most science fiction movies are really intergalactic westerns or war dramas. Even Star Wars, which is visually brilliant, has one of its central images, a "band that can't shoot straight". Imagine your coming on about 600 people with conventional weapons, most of whom have an open shot, and misses it. <br /> <br /> I read a lot of science fiction and I wish there were more movies for the thinking person. The Forbidden Planet, one of the first of its kind, is still one of the best. The story is based on an extinct civilization, the Krell, which created machines that could enhance the intelligence of each being with giant strides. Unfortunately, what they had not negotiated for is that the brain is a center for other thoughts than intellectual. The primitive aspect of the brain, Id, as Freud called it, is allowed to go without control. It is released in sleep, a bad dream comes into bodily existence. Walter Pigeon, Dr. Morbius, is the one who put the brain at this level, and with it he built machines and defenses that barely keep him one step ahead of the horrors of the recesses of his mind. His thoughts are creating horrors that he will soon be unable to defend. The Krell, a much higher species, could not stop it; he destroyed them. The landing party has never been of great interest to me. The rest of the actors are rather interchangeable. Ann Francis is beautiful and naive, and certainly would have produced a fairly strong reaction in the fifties. His father's anger is exacerbated by his innocence and by the astronauts of the fifties (because they are more like construction workers than real astronauts). They are always trying to understand "ladies". The cook is a great character, with his obsession with alcohol. Robbie the Robot has much more personality than most of the crew, and one wonders if Mr. Spock might not be a soul mate of the literal thought of this artificial creature. The whole film is very satisfying because the situation is the star. Morbius cannot turn back and therefore is destined to destroy himself and everything with him. There are few science fiction films that are worth seeing more than once; this is one that can go as far as the 21st century.
