I think "Anyway ..." is an action movie. Really. Tom Barman has spent years doing it, and shows: every scene is lucid, has a meaning, ... I think most agree. One thing that many people tend to criticize is the "lack" of history. I fear this is an effect of the fact that we are overwhelmed by the "traditional" narrative, all the time. I mean: what you can get with a book, you can't make with a film, what you can get with a movie, you can't make it simply by telling it to a friend. The problem is that we are so used to movies, series, ... to be just a filmed version of a story; a visual recording of events - just like when you look at the news - that we expect each film to have these epic features: a strong storyline with lots of unusual events. And I stress the idea of ​​"unusual events": most people see TV news, films, series, on TV ... very unusual things, unique situations in life. And here, in "Anyway ...", there are unusual events, but not in the same kind of "hollywood big explosion": the boy is fired, couple back, the car is stolen ... and of course the very common things. And this is strong: only being able to appreciate all this, that universe, is art. And I agree that above all what can only be achieved in the movies, the atmosphere created by the score and the photograph is placed in the center. But not like in traditional visual films (visual blockbusters like Matrix); serves the characters and remains deeply human. I mean, in every shot you feel the love that Tom Barman has for Antwerp and the urban lifestyle. And it doesn't make sense with this film, like "learning" something; and it doesn't have a great story to tell with incredible twists. It simply shows ordinary people with everyday life, shows a city, all with their positive and negative sides and says: we are, it's our city, it's life, let's enjoy it. So, basically, "Anyway ..." is not just a super-groovy movie, but it also has a much stronger "message" (it's not explicit, maybe not even intended) compared to most movies about how to actually pass a message. One drawback: now, we will have to wait five years to see the next picture of Barman, and everyone will expect so much ...
