WRITTEN ON THE WIND, directed by Douglas Sirk and published in 1956, is like all the films of the mid-1950s by Sirk: pure melodrama. Yet it is a compelling, richly developed melodrama, and the unrestrained color expressionism of Sirk, pulsations, newly removed emotions, symbolism and juxtaposition of classes make this film a craving. <br /> <br /> The film opens brilliantly, with the four central characters and the plot being introduced as the credits continue to run. Sirk uses a clever flashback structure to take us into his world ... Robert Stack and Dorothy Malone are as magnificent as the two "children" of Hadley, Kyle and Marylee. He drinks and sleeps around with women. He drinks and sleeps around with men. Both are worth millions, thanks to the Hadley oil business. Hunky, yet poor, Mitch Wayne (Rock Hudson) is Kyle's friend for life and Marylee's dream lover. Enter this sordid mess Lucy Moore (Lauren Bacall), a slim and attractive young woman who falls under the charm of Kyle after taking a phone and throwing it across the countryside one evening. Mitch loves it too, but Kyle wins it. They get married quickly and Kyle stops drinking. But fate seems to be written on the wind, and it is not long before a conniving Marylee (who will have "Mitch", marriage or no marriage), a secretly struck Mitch, the confused Lucy and the sad drunk Kyle come to the hands. ... <br /> <br /> Malone is just as wonderful as Marylee Hadley, who absolutely deserves her Oscar for Best Supporting Actress. Steal all the scenes in which it is found. The pile is almost as good, amplifying the melodrama, while still maintaining subtle and silent despair. Hudson and Bacall are much more sober than those two, yet it is in line with the characters they play. <br /> <br /> So what is all this melodrama actually? Well, many things. Stack's powerful portrait of male inadequacy and fear, for one thing. Sirk surrounds Pila with phallic symbols throughout the film - he notices his little gun, the drilling towers and the definitive phallic symbol, Kyle's apparent inability to conceive children. The stack seems to suffer from a massive male superiority complex, compounded by his father's preference for Hudson, his sister's desire for Hudson and the suspicion that his wife continues with Hudson. With all this wealth Kyle Hadley still ends up in the wrong part of the city, buying cheap corn liqueurs like a "tramp". <br /> <br /> These are impossible dreams and they must be abandoned. The river in which Kyle, Marylee and Mitch used to play when they were children is constantly referenced throughout the film, symbolizing Kyle and (above all) Marylee's desire for innocence and the simplicity of youth. In an excellent melodramatic scene, perfectly played by Malone, the stands of Marylee by the river and that she imagines herself a child again, with the voice-over of Mitch telling Marylee that she will always be his girlfriend. It is here that Sirk strikes a huge emotional chord with the viewer. Who has never dreamed of returning to that special place during childhood? Who has not, at a certain point, lived in a precious memory? Who didn't want something they couldn't have? And the last line of Hudson's film (yes, he doesn't get dialogues in the last 10 minutes or so, only close-ups) recalls how "we're away from the river, Marylee". Amazing.
