Director Douglas Sirk once said: "There is a very short distance between high art and garbage, and the garbage that contains madness is precisely from this quality closer to art". This statement perfectly defines his cinema, a unique body of work that includes classic stage adaptations, adventure and war films, westerns and, of course, his famous melodramas. <br /> <br /> Sirk's melodramas were, as the word itself means, dramas with music. The music sets the tone for his masterful style, and every stroke of his brush (Sirk was also a painter) leaves a powerful image on the screen transformed into a canvas. But this is not life but its representation, an imitation of life. Sirk has never tried to show reality, on the contrary. None of the directors of his generation made better use of all the technical devices supplied by Hollywood (in particular Technicolor) to distinguish the artificial from the real thing. Let us remember that his golden age coincides with the time when Hollywood films turn his attention to social drama (the Blackboard jungle, Rebel without a cause). Sirk has always known that cinema had to be something else. <br /> <br /> Another statement by Sirk summarizes this: "You cannot reach, or touch, the real. See only reflections. If you try to capture happiness, your fingers only meet the glass". I challenge anyone who has seen Written in the wind to count the quantity of mirrors and reflected images that appear on the screen. One ends up surrendering. <br /> <br /> So, we are in a room full of mirrors where there is no difference between the real and its false copy. No one can say that the Hadley are real people. That city isn't even real, with those horrible oil pumps everywhere. So in this realm the acting is affected, the performance is false, the trick is visible. Everything is pushed a little beyond the limit (the sexual connotations of Dorothy Malone with the oil tower, for example). Sirk was criticizing and theorizing at the same time. <br /> <br /> `Corners are the thoughts of the director; lighting is his philosophy '. In Written on the wind we follow the fall of a traditional way of life both geometrically and in terms of lights and shadows. The Hadley house, with its different levels connected by a spiral staircase, operates in a strictly metaphorical way. A house that looks like a mausoleum, which no party can cheer up. As the tragedy progresses from daylight to dark night, Sirk's photography becomes an extension of the inner state of his characters, as well as the colors of the clothes they wear. The drama is therefore incorporated into every element in the director's trade. <br /> <br /> Sirk considered himself a "curator of stories", because he bent the standard material to which he was assigned with his style and purpose. Written on the wind is a good example. It wouldn't work in any other way. <br /> <br /> The other director who was using similar strategies was Frank Tashlin, who was the same for the comedy of the 50s as Sirk was for melodrama. Their films are full of the American life machine - advertisements, TVs, jukeboxes, washing machines, sports cars, vacuum cleaners - to paint its void and its decay. I am inclined to think that their films have been considered in a different way by their contemporary audience. The game was played by both sides, so it was the field. Now we consider them "cult" or "bizarre", because we are no longer those spectators. This is why the tribute of Todd Haynes "Far from paradise" turns into a pastiche, because today he reproduces the work of Sirk as if nothing had happened in the middle. Then Sirk turns exactly into that painting hanging in the art gallery that Julianne Moore and the gardener discuss in the movie above. <br /> <br /> Sirk perfectly understood the elements of melodrama. There were always immovable characters (Rock Hudson and Lauren Bacall) against whom he could assemble a series of divisions. Its balance through the antithesis is remarkable and not surprisingly we root for the divided characters, because these are the ones to whom Sirk is also interested. When Robert Stack flies on the plane and "tempts" Lauren Bacall with all kinds of worldly comforts in the world below (obvious Faustian echoes) we are strangely fascinated by him, as we are when the diabolical nympho sister painfully evokes his past with Mitch alone at the river. <br /> <br /> In the Sirk universe the "happy ends" often imposed by the study have no negative impact. In fact they worked great. Sirk was fond of Greek tragedy and considered the Deux ex machinea of ​​his time a happy ending. So the final court scene fits well and we must also remember that the whole film is told in flashback, so we know from the beginning that the tragedy will still fall on Hadley's feud. <br /> <br /> The many similarities between Written on the Wind and the Godfather saga have been emphasized. I totally agree and I'm sure the parallel is not random. Both share the theme of the old and powerful paternal head trying to keep his empire by going to protect his family. The temperamental son played by Robert Stack bears an extraordinary physical resemblance to Sonny Corleone by Jimmy Caan. The action of fighting his sister's male friend is symmetrical. The non-child in whom the old man has placed his trust is common in both films, such as the fact that both families bear the names of their city. Even the details like the gate giving access to the property, and the environment of the house covered with leaves, suggest that Coppola had written Written on the Wind thinking of his masterpiece. Because both films deal with the theme of Power: the acquisition of power, its manipulation and inheritance (even the sterility of Kyle Hadley, the event that accelerates the turmoil, is an issue easily linked to the central theme of Power, in this case a weakness in sexual power). The other great film that deals with power and uses American life as a representation is Citizen Kane. We would not think of the beginning of similarities between the films of Welles and Sirk, but there are many, starting from the oil business as the source of the family's fortune and ending with the fact that Mitch Wayne (Rock Hudson), like Charles Foster Kane he was adopted by a tutor, having his father alive. Surprisingly, the same actor (Harry Shannon) plays both fathers of Wayne and Kane. This detail cannot be a coincidence. <br /> <br /> Written on the Wind is a masterpiece in every aspect, in execution and vision, in style and technique, a highlight in the career of this wonderful director. Some say this is his best film. In my opinion, "Magnificent obsession", "All that the sky allows", "There is always tomorrow" and "Imitation of life" are just as good. And for those who put Sirk on the level of Dallas or Dinasty, I don't wish them a happy ending.
