I saw this movie at the Chicago Film Reeling Festival. To resume the observations of the previous reviewer, the claustrophobic sensation and offensive color of the film seem to me to be quite intentional and convey the sense of limited space, greyish architecture, general greyness that constitutes the urban environment of most people in Europe central and eastern. The style of a dingy living project is how I would describe it, and this is the number of people living on the outskirts of big cities. I cannot say that I am familiar with Bucharest, in Romania, where the action took place, but I visited and lived in Eastern Europe for six months. <br /> <br /> When I visited Russia as a semester student, my entire group had to haul luggage seven floors up the stairs of a sleazy student dorm, just like heroin does when moving in with a woman, because the elevators didn't work. But I agree with the review, the claustrophobia and the soft colors, it's exaggerated, because there are certainly beautiful historic buildings, parks, squares that you can find in Bucharest or in any historical center of Eastern Europe, and Bucharest didn't get many scenes in this movie. For me, watching this film conveys the claustrophobia I feel during my half-year there, feeling trapped and limited. (It makes you understand why someone would like to emigrate and find a better life, just like people if they hope to escape from an urban ghetto in the United States.) <br /> <br /> Also, given the climate of homophobia, say, about , in the United States in the 1980s, the two young women who fall in love with each other are forced to keep their love a very private matter; therefore, the focus on their interaction in the apartment. <br /> <br /> It is remarkable and commendable, in my opinion, that this strange theme film was also made in Romania, and I find the denunciation of the previous review on the poor film quite uninformed and paternalistic quality. It is unlikely that the director and producer earned much government support and funding for their film, and they did the best they could with their probably limited resources. The actors were pretty good and credible; the dialogue was on the whole well done and I could identify with these women. <br /> <br /> The film offers an extra touch to that of the forbidden love between two young women, Kiki, an energetic free spirit and fun-loving with a dark and worrying secret (his admiration and his love for a violent and incestuous brother, Sandu) falls in love with Alexandra, a brilliant young woman, a lover of books, who moves to Bucharest to begin her university studies. Opposites attract and their personalities seem to complement each other, although there is a certain tension between the ambitious, scholar, intellectual Alexandra and Kiki, who seems to attend college to please her parents. Keeping their love hidden from their parents seems manageable, even if we do not understand the tension it requires, nor do we see or meet any other student - hard to believe - and the tension that keeps their love secret would have resulted. The main threat to their love is Kiki's brother and his difficulty in trying to compromise his relationship with him. But does Kiki's love for Alexandra seem to give her the strength she needs to end this bond, or not? Here is how the suspense of the film develops as the narrative develops, and I will not say how it ends. <br /> <br /> Ironically, the "disease" of Kiki's love is not love for another woman, but is illicit, incestuous love for her brother. So loving a woman offers the potential cure for the disease of loving a brother. <br /> <br /> Although this sensation of this film is suffocating and claustrophobic, excessively limited to the interactions between Kiki and Alexandra, it is still engaging and moving to watch, so I will give a 7.
