At the Academy Awards ceremony, March 27, 1957, Dorothy Malone won the Oscar for Best Supporting Actress for her torrid and extravagant portrait of a spoiled heir to a Texas oil magnate in WRITTEN ON THE WIND. The 1956 potboiler, adapted from the novel by Robert Wilder, was a true three-ring circus that showed alcoholism, greed, impotence and nymphomania. <br /> <br /> Malone's performance as Marylee Hadley, a lonely and wealthy girl who gathers men to alleviate the pain of rejection of a former childhood boyfriend, was representative of the film as a whole. Mesmerizing to watch even while resorting to the melodrama of the "lowest common denominator", WRITTEN ON THE WIND is ultimately the work of a man, the incredibly gifted director Douglas Sirk, an emigrant of Weimar Germany before the Second World War who left the his The European theater legacy behind him to pursue a career in Hollywood. An extremely erudite man, Sirk made his name in the 1950s as a reliable director of Universal Studios' prodigious soap operas, in particular with Ross Hunter's productions of MAGNIFICENT OBSESSION, EVERYTHING THE SKY ALLOWS and IMITATION OF LIFE. Independent producer Albert Zugsmith offered Sirk the opportunity to work outside the limits of universal entertainment and create a more "sensational" product for adults, hence the passionate WIND and his retinue, TARGANATO ANGELI in 1957 , both published under the Universal International banner. No one can imagine why Sirk did not follow higher themes, but apparently directing these exaggerated dramas has more attracted his artistic sensibility. WRITING ON THE WIND could be considered Sirk's epic soap opera; indeed, it is so full of vulnerability and human neurosis, as depicted among the richest, that it is equally compelling to observe any bickering between the rich and famous, perhaps even more. Robert Stack (not an actor typically known for his excessive attention) almost matches Malone in intensity with his offer of weak-willed brother Kyle Hadley, a simple shadow of the patriarchal father. When he discovers he is incapable of impregnating his new bride (a beautiful lioness Lauren Bacall), Hadley goes to the bottom, exacerbating an already serious alcohol problem with a "secret" gun fetish that threatens to turn him into a human-time bomb. Both the brother and sister, however venal and improbable, are presented as victims of their past, giving them a human quality that makes them less monstrous (and much more interesting than the "good" side of the family, mainly Bacall and the incredibly handsome Rock Hudson, the old childhood friend and business partner of young Hadley, a surrogate son of the old and the unattainable object of Malone's desire.) Despite all the domestic co-dependency on show, it's not so much the story which is memorable here as the way it is filmed. With a real panache for composition and pictorial editing, the director Sirk attracts his audience in this image with the most intense Technicolor cinematography imaginable: every single shot in this film is a canvas full of saturated colors, from the view of a pink Cadillac similar to a cistern approaching the doors of a huge villa for the sumptuous decor of a luxury hotel in Miami, a spectrum of almost blinding shades in their diversity. and dramatic scenes characterize Sirk's skillful use of camera tilted angles, dark lighting and transverse montage, shown as the greatest effect in the scene where a rebellious and drunken malone dances uninhibitedly in his upstairs room to the loud sound of a turntable while she is hit the father climbs precariously the huge staircase; the scene is so compelling that you swear you're experiencing a great oedipal drama. What you are really looking at is a lot of an incredibly fun genre, with its Technicolor shine and polished to perfection by a visual genius.
