I saw this film for the first time coming out in 1987 and it was strongly emotionally influenced, through a combination of guilt for what my similar white human beings could do to innocent people and the reluctance of the outside world to really investigate these atrocities against man. /> <br /> Steve Biko's Funeral was particularly moving, made even more vivid and incisive by the South African hymn played at the time. I had long believed that this film had achieved what no one else had been able to do: to open the eyes of the world to what was really happening in South Africa. I consider myself a normal person who thinks well and can attest to how this film changed my way of thinking not only in South Africa, but like us, like whites, we perceive blacks. I have never seen any difference between people of any color or belief, but after watching this film I changed my life physically and spent the last 17 years living in a predominantly black country and helping many people to overcome their current tenor life and to achieve what they never thought possible. The biggest reward that I can honestly say I received - to be able to say that in my small way I contributed and reduced the balance a bit. But if more people thought like me and actually DID something to help blacks without seeking reward, then the entire black population of this planet would be a little better. <br /> <br /> I challenge every person who thinks well of looking at Cry Freedom from the beginning to the end and not feeling that emotion pulling the strings of the heart while watching the 700 pupils brutally killed in Sharpville for refusing to learn Afrikaans , the senseless murder of Steve Biko, such a champion for the rights of his people, and then, ultimately, to understand that all this is not just a film, even if magnificent, but that everything really happened and less than 30 Years ago. <br /> <br /> Yes, my friends, watch this movie and then see if you can come out later and celebrate hard. I could not. I was too shocked to know the truth. This is the hallmark of a great film. It was obvious that Sir Richard Attenborough's intention was to convey this message about South Africa. Of course he has achieved it. Unless you happen to support apartheid. May God help you.
