What a brilliant film. I must admit that he is very ambitious with the subject. At just over two and a half hours, it is also a very long film. But none of these suggestions is in any way imperfect. Cry Freedom, despite the minor flaws it may have, is a powerful, moving and compelling film about the history of black activist Steve Biko in his struggles to awaken South Africa to the horrors of apartheid. True, the first half is stronger than the second in terms of emotional impact. People have also complained that the film suffers too much from Woods not enough Biko. I could be wrong, but although it is the story of Biko, it is told from the perspective of Woods, so Woods is an important character in transmitting the story of Biko to the world. <br /> <br /> Cry Freedom looks visually surprising. With breathtaking cinematography and the extraordinary South African scenery it was a visual feast. The initial scenes in particular were shot brilliantly. George Fenton's music has brought dramatic weight to most scenes. He was subtle in the scenes in the second half, but moving and dramatic in the crowd scenes. The script was of exceptional quality, the scenes in court with Biko were enough to make you really think that this is real quality stuff. The first semester with Biko as the main goal has always had something to feel emotional about, whether it was the police attack by South African citizens or Biko's death. The entire second part of Donald Woods does not have an emotional impact, but it is compensated by how it is filmed, executed and written. And there are parts that are sincerely suspenseful too. <br /> <br /> The shows were exceptional from the whole cast, from the smallest character to the two protagonists, there was not a single bad performance. Regardless of the accents, it is forgiven as easily as the performances attract you. Denzel Washington in one of his most sober performances, offers a truly compelling performance like Biko, and Kevin Kline shows that he can be just as good at drama as he is at comedy, because he gave a subtle performance to match that of Washington. And the chemistry of the two men is credible and never hits a false note. Penelope Wilton is as adorable as Donald's wife, Wendy, and is still a great actress. Outside the supporting performances, and there may be some prejudice, two stood out for me. One was Timothy West, who appreciates his role as Captain DeWet. The other was the ever-exceptional John Thaw in a brilliantly brilliant cameo role as Kruger. Lord Richard Attenborough's direction is focused and constantly sensitive as usual. <br /> <br /> Overall, a truly wonderful film. It is ambitious and long, but it never stops being irresistible, powerful and painfully moving. A winner defined by Lord Richard Attenborough, and worthy of much more praise. 10/10 Bethany Cox
