"The true story of the friendship that shook South Africa and awakened the world." <br /> <br /> Richard Attenborough, who directed "A Bridge Too Far" and "Gandhi", wanted to bring Steve Biko's story to life, and the journey and problems that journalist Donald Woods went through to get his story told. The films use Wood's two books for his information and basics: "Biko" and "Ask for problems". <br /> <br /> The film takes place in the late 1970s, in South Africa. South Africa is in the grip of terrible apartheid, which keeps blacks from whites and classifies whites as superior. Blacks are forced to live in slums on the outskirts of cities and towns, and suffer frequent harassment from the police and army. We are shown a raid at dawn in a slum, while the bulldozers and armed police make their way through the field by beating and even killing the inhabitants. Then we are introduced to Donald Woods (Kevin Kline), who is the editor of a popular newspaper. After publishing a negative story about black activist Steve Biko (Denzel Washington), Woods goes to meet him. At first the two are wary, but soon they become good friends and Biko shows the horrors of the apartheid system from the point of view of black people in Woods. This encourages Woods to talk openly about what is happening around him, and leads him to try desperately to bring the story of Steve Biko out of the clutches of white South Africa and the world. Soon, Steve Biko is arrested and killed in prison. Now Woods and his family have the courage to escape from South Africa to England, where Woods can publish his book on Steve Biko and apartheid. <br /> <br /> When I heard about "Cry Freedom", I was under the impression that it was a film completely dedicated to the life of Steve Biko. I had never heard of Steve Biko before seeing this film, because the events of this film were really ahead of my time. But it's more about the story of Donald Woods and his journey across the border to Lesotho as he tried to evade South African officials. Woods was sentenced to five years of house arrest after the death of Steve Biko. So, to publish his manuscript on Steve Biko, he had to escape. Because the manuscript would be considered treason in South Africa and this could have led Woods to meet a similar fate to that of Biko. The real Donald Woods and his wife acted as a consultant for this film. Denzel Washington is only in the film for the first time, and I was disappointed that I expected to see him for the whole movie. But he was as fantastic as Steve Biko and he captured his personality from what I read really well and his accent sounded perfect. His performance earned him an Oscar nomination for Best Supporting Actor. Kevin Kline offers an excellent and inspiring performance like Donald Woods, and Penelope Wilton is excellent as his wife Wendy. Filming took place in Zimbabwe, as it was needless to say that the problems arose when they tried to film it in South Africa. While in South Africa, the South African gestapo followed the film crew from all over the world, so they had the bad vibes and pulled out and went instead to neighboring Zimbabwe. Despite everything, and the fact that apartheid was not finished seven years later, "Cry Freedom" was not banned in South Africa. But the cinemas showing the film received bomb threats. <br /> <br /> Richard Attenborough brings the horrors of apartheid to the screen with extreme strength and determination. He does not hold back at the end of the film when he shows what was supposed to be a peaceful protest from the students in a slum, turns into a massacre when the police open fire on them. The film ends with the names of all anti-apartheid migrants who died in prison and explanations for their death. Many had "No explanation". Some were "epilepsy", which is hard to believe, and many others fell from the top of the stairs or were "hanging suicides". No one will ever know what really happened to them, but I think it is fair to say that none of these men died in their hands, but by the hands of others; or to be more precise, at the hands of the police. <br /> <br /> "Cry Freedom" is a must-see film for its interpretation and story of Steve Biko. It is also a burning and devastating portrait of a beautiful divided land and in the hellish sights of racial segregation and violence.
