CRY FREEDOM is an excellent primer for those who want to have an overview of the cruelty of apartheid in a couple of hours. The famous director Richard Attenborough (GANDHI) is certainly no stranger to the genre, and the collaboration of the real Mr. and Mrs. Woods, the main white characters in their book and in this film, gives further authenticity to CRY FREEDOM. The video now being released is actually a little over 2 and a half hours from 23 minutes of extra footage was inserted to make it a two-part TV miniseries after the film's first film release. While the added length serves to accentuate the film's forgivable flaws: irregular development and generalized stereotypes in particular, another possible flaw (the insistence on the fate of white characters over African ones) can function as a force. Looking at CRYING FREEDOM as a politically and historically educational film (as I think it should, in addition to its artistic merits), the story is one that African blacks know only too well, even though the younger generation may now need to see it on the film for a total impact. They are the whites who have always been the recipients of the film and the book, hoping that it will push them to change. Twelve years after the film's production, CRY FREEDOM is in many ways a more interesting film to watch. Almost ten years after the majority of the black majority was at least theoretically in place, the ideals of 1987 CRY FREEDOM remain largely unfulfilled. It remains therefore imperative as always for white South Africans, in particular the younger ones who have only heard about these actions to see it and absorb the messages of the film. In total contrast to American slavery and the exposition of the Jewish Holocaust, South African battles have been told only by two or three stories: CRY FREEDOM, CRY THE BELTRED COUNTRY (OK, Contact me twice if you include the remake) and SARAFINA ( did I miss one?). All three dramas also awkwardly feature American and British actors in both black and white roles. Not a South African actor had an important role, white, colorful, Indian or black!). And yes, I lost another international South African drama, MANDELA and DEKLERK. Although this biopic (also highly recommended) was released after the establishment of the black majority, MANDELA was played by an African American (Sidney Poitier, who also starred in the original CRY THE BELOVED), while the Afrikaner DeKlerk was played by a very British (bald) Michael Caine, a good interpretation if one can reject the very essence of the Afrikaner as vehement anti-British sentiments. Until the local SABC TV and African films begin to manage their legacy, CRY FREEDOM is authentically authentic. As revered as whites (especially Afrikaners) are portrayed in the film, every visitor (non-casual) observer in South Africa even now in 1999, not to mention 1977 when CRY FREEDOM takes place, will generally find the attitude of whites in the against the negroes held, even underestimated. Looking back at CRY FREEDOM, it is surprising that reconciliation can take place, and so it is. But CRY FREEDOM sometimes shows that not much has changed in the minds of many people, and that the goal of African blacks of FREEDOM and reconciliation is still ongoing. This is why if you are a beginner to the situation, CRY FREEDOM, it is your best introduction.
