Somehow, The Wrath of Kriemhild overcomes Siegfried's death, but it also loses some of the greatness of that movie. The plot of this is more cohesive than the first, which is quite surprising. The second half of the current poem is much more sloppy and much more difficult to travel, until, that is, one arrives at the climatic battle scenes; only the Iliads are better Lang and Harbou embellished the Huns. The poet-compiler of the Nibelungs did not know a Hun from his right ball, and as a result are, more or less, the same as the costumes of the Burgundians. For example, although the poet clearly describes Etzel as a pagan (which is Kriemilde's main concern while Rudiger tries to persuade her to marry him), when he comes to Hunland, the first thing he does is go to mass. The Huns here are clearly pagan; I'm almost like a caveman. Their representation is exhilarating, especially Verbal, the jester, who has two wonderful scenes. Etzel's character has been given more weight. It is much more formidable. All he does is complain about his fate in the original poem. Lang and Harbou are masterful in creating suspense, especially in the banquet scene, which is the interlayer with Verbal's second performance to an amazing effect. However, as is the nature of this half of the poem, the extraordinary technical achievements of the film are lacking in this, for the most part, except for a dazzling sequence in which the Etzel hall burns with the Nibelungs inside. The only thing I have to object to is the way Harbou changes the ending. SPOILERS: in the poem, after Hildebrand captures Hagen and Gunther, they are imprisoned. Kriemilde visits Hagen in his cell and asks to reveal where he hid the horde. He refuses and she decapitates her brother herself. When Hagen still refuses, she beheads him. Hildebrand (or perhaps Dietrich) is so disgusted that a woman could presume to kill a great warrior who in turn decapitates her, calling her a "diabolical woman". Etzel, who is much weaker in poetry than he is here, says something silly like: "Ah, me!" I can understand why they would like to maintain a unity of time and place as Hildebrand takes them from the castle; maintaining the prison environments of the two deaths would make the film very anticlimatic. I also understand why they didn't kill Hildebrand Kriemhild: her character is very small here; his name is mentioned only once. But, in order for Kriemhild to kill himself, by adopting Brynhild's death from Icelandic sources, he turns to the public instead of challenging them. The point of the poem is that the wrath of Kriemhild goes far beyond due in the realm of pure evil. Here, we simply killed her for her lost love. It's not that interesting.
