Please also see my comment on Die Nibelungen part 1: Siegfried. <br /> <br /> The second part of the gigantic production of the UFA studio of the Nibelungs saga continues in the stylized, symphonic and emotionally detached way of its predecessor. However, while the first part was a passionless representation of individual acts of heroism, the second part is a chaotic representation of large-scale bloodletting. <br /> <br /> As in the first part, the director Fritz Lang maintains a continuous dynamic rhythm, with the rhythm of the action and the complexity of the composition of the shot that goes up and down smoothly as required by the tone of each scene. These images should only be viewed with the perfect score of Gottfried Huppertz, which fortunately is contained on Kino's DVD. Now, with this focus on mass action, Lang is presented with greater staging challenges. Action sequences in its early features were often poorly constructed, but now it simply makes them part of that rhythmic flow, with the level of activity on the screen swelling like an orchestra. <br /> <br /> But just as part one made us witness to the adventures of Siegfried in a practical way and without excitement, the second part presents the war as a devastating tragedy. In both images, there is a deliberate lack of emotional connection with the characters. That's why Lang mostly keeps the camera out of the action, never making us feel like we're there (and that's significant because public involvement is normally a distinction of Lang's work). This is also the reason why the performances are unnaturally theatrical, with the actors staggering like constipated sleepwalkers. <br /> <br /> However, Kriemhild's revenge constantly confronts emotions, and is actually profoundly humanist. The only moment of naturalism is when Atilla holds her young son for the first time, and Lang actually emphasizes the tenderness of this scene by building her with the wild and unrestrained race of the Huns. The point is that Lang never manipulates us to take a stand, and in this sense this version has more in common with the original saga than Wagner's work. The clastic massacre is the antithesis of a wild battle scene. Because then he did Hitler and co. so have tears in your eyes, a fact that has unfairly tarnished the reputation of these films? Because the unshakable racial ideology of the Nazis made them automatically see the Nibelungs as good, even if they kill children and betray their relatives. For Hitler, their fall would always have been a nationalist tragedy, not a human one. <br /> <br /> But for us non-Nazi spectators, what makes this photo funny is its beautiful sense of pomp and musical rhythm. When you see these fully developed silent images of Lang's, it makes you realize how much has been wasted in Hollywood. Rather than saddling it with the powerful low-budgets, they should have put it to work on some of those epic films with sword and sandals, images that should not be credible and that should not move us emotionally, where is the poetic, operatic tone that draws us.
