An absurdly exhilarating and extraordinarily human tale of the jealousies and infidelities surrounding a beetle, the Russian animation pioneer Wladyslaw Starewicz "Mest kinematograficheskogo operatora" ("Revenge of the cameramen", or "Revenge of a cameraman") is a delight for the first animations, full of fantastic stop-motion toys and no lack of imagination. <br /> <br /> Mr. and Mrs. Beetle have an incident-free marriage, and they both crave more excitement in their lives. Mr. Beetle's wishes can only be satisfied by the beautiful exotic dancer from the "Gay Dragonfly" nightclub, who visits every time he takes a "business trip" in the city. She is the only one who understands it. An admirable companion of this dancer, an aggressive grasshopper, it is jealous that Mr. Beetle stole his woman and, as fate would have it, he is also a cameraman. The ambiguous grasshopper follows Mr. Beetle and his acquaintance in a hotel room, where he shoots their businesses through the keyhole. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, Ms. Beetle has similarly acquired a friend to add excitement to her life. He's an artist, and he brings her a painting for a gift, before they both settle down on the couch for a little intimacy. At that moment, however, Mr. Beetle returns home and watches the whole show. While Mr. Beetle touches the front door, the artist friend climbs up the chimney, but does not escape without Mr. Beetle venting his anger and frustration first. <br /> <br /> There is a certain irony in the following statement: "Mr. Beetle is generous, forgive his wife and takes her to a movie". He is generous enough to forgive her, yet he had been equally unfaithful a few minutes before. At this point, however, we have not yet forgotten the jealous filmmaker who was plotting his revenge, and it's no surprise when he turns out to be the projectionist of the movie they're dating Mr. and Mrs. Beetle. Suddenly, in the film, they are enjoying the filming of Mr. Beetle's disloyalty, and the angry wife hits him on the head with an umbrella, before the frightened and angry husband dives through the theater screen in search of the grasshopper. > <br /> In the final scene, both Mr. and Mrs. Beetle, now a little more grateful, are serving time in prison for the fire that broke out when Mr. Beetle sought his final revenge. We hope, in fact, that "the domestic life of the beetles will be less exciting in the future ??" This film might seem a simple story of the coming and going of a tiny species of insects, but Starewicz is communicating much more. Isn't this a beetle story? it's a story about us. And it's surprisingly accurate, isn't it ?!
