For animation fans it is a must, but even a general public will appreciate THE REVISION OF CAMERAMAN, a very first example of "pixilation" by the pioneer Wladyslaw Starewicz. Starewicz and his aides have carefully handled a cast of flexible bugs to tell this story, paving the way for characters like Willis O'Brien, George Pal, Ray Harryhausen and legions of modern digital effects creators. <br /> <br /> THE CAMERAMAN'S REVENGE is only 10 minutes long, but it contains a lot of fun details while the story follows the love adventures of two cockroaches from their home to a disco, a hotel, a cinema and, finally, a prison cell. There are two short numbers of disco dance (performed by a frog and a dragonfly), a fight between a cockroach and a grasshopper, and a large donnybrook at the cinema, which ends with the projector exploding in flames. Pretty elaborate passages for 1912, when even John Bray and Winsor MacCay had just started, and Walt Disney was still in elementary school! <br /> <br /> It is also interesting to note what impact the alteration of the titles of a silent film can have on the story told. I saw two versions of this film offered by two video companies, and I looked at them one after the other, and although the content of the image is almost identical, two different sets of captions tell two very different stories. (And the plot outlined by someone from the above still tells a third story, which suggests that there is another version out there somewhere.) The British Film Institute press, which has subtitles in rhyme, tells the story of two sibling beetles, each secretly married, which hides this information from one another to inherit the fortune of their late father. The other, a Russian press, tells a simpler story of married beetles guilty of infidelity. In the Russian version Mr. Beetle visits his girlfriend at the "Gay Dragonfly" nightclub, while in the English version his brother Bill Beetle visits his wife at the music hall. Personally, I prefer the simple - and more spicy - Russian history; the BFI version tries to cram too much plot into what should be a simple story, and some of the rhymes are a bit embarrassing. <br /> <br /> Again, in every interpretation, THE CAMERAMAN'S REVENGE is a delightful film, and would make an ideal inclusion in that other great animated work that presents cockroaches, the YELLOW SUBMARINE.
