Mary Pickford often claimed that Tess Skinner was her favorite movie. Well said! She played the part twice and for this version that she herself produced, not only did she have to buy the rights from Adolph Zukor, but also give him credit on the main title card of the film. Needless to say, his interpretation of this role here is the most successful. In fact, in my opinion, the film itself is considered one of the great experiences of silent cinema ever. <br /> <br /> True, director John S. Robertson does not move his car from one inch from start to finish, but in Robertson's skilled hands this affectation not only does not matter, but is probably more effective. A first-rate creative artist, Robertson is a master of rhythm, shooting angles and editing. He has also performed brilliant and natural performances by all his players. Jean Hersholt who stages the heavy is so horribly repugnant, it is hard to believe that this is the same man as the gentle Dr. Christian; while Lloyd Hughes makes one of the best acting jobs of his entire career. True, it is probably not the way Mrs. White meant, but it serves the plot admirably, otherwise we would have difficulty explaining why the drug spent a fortune on defense but did not make the slightest attempt to ascertain who actually fired the gun who killed his future brother-in-law! Needless to say, this particular quality of the likeable hero is underestimated by Jack Ging in the 1960 version of the bowdlerized, which also completely erases the author's violent attack on complacent and bourgeois Christianity. Notice how the well-washed priest steps forward a step or two in surprise at the interruption, but then makes no attempt to assist our little and unfortunate heroine in carrying out the tasks he was supposedly ordered to administer. This is a very moving scene because it is presented so realistically. <br /> <br /> "Tess" also gives an overview of the work of another good actress, Gloria Hope, whose work was entirely limited to silent cinema. He married Lloyd Hughes in 1921 and retired in 1926 to devote himself completely to the life of her husband and their two children. Lloyd Hughes died in 1958, but he lived until 1976, easily contactable in Pasadena, but I bet no one had the courage to interview her. Another missed opportunity! <br /> <br /> For me, Forrest Robinson made only a mediocre impression like Skinner. I thought it was a bit awkward and a brief look at his filmography proves it: he usually played priests or judges! But David Torrence was superb as usual. <br /> <br /> In all, an expensive production with beautiful photographs and wonderful production values.
