If this had been the original version of TESS OF THE STORM COUNTRY of 1914 (with Mary Pickford), I would probably have considered it much higher, since this kind of extreme melodrama and sentimentality was quite typical of adolescents. However, in 1922, this film was already starting to show its age. And, compared to many other Ms. Pickford films (like DADDY LONGLEGS, SPARROWS, MY BEST GIRL and SUDS), TESS comes a little short - and not all Pickford films deserve a 10 (even if it's "America's Sweetheart" " ) This doesn't mean it's a bad movie - it certainly isn't, but I can't see how many people gave this film at age 10. The film has a very long and complicated plot, especially since most of the films of the "They were shorter. A rich old crank builds a mansion on the top of a hill near the river. At the bottom of the hill there are dirty squatters that he hates but can't evict. So try to find a variety of ways to remove them from the earth ends. One ends in tragedy, when the daughter's boyfriend is killed in a fight with the people of the age. The man accused of the murder is the dear old father of Mary, even if he is innocent. only witness of the real murder will not speak And the dead got his girlfriend pregnant! So at this point, we have an innocent in jail waiting to be executed and a pregnant lady who is afraid to tell her hypocritical father that she is "in the family". There's still a lot more in the film, like the son of the crank who falls in love with Mary, but you'd better see the movie alone. <br /> <br /> The film excels in some way. The plot, although very complicated, is also quite interesting and cinematography is top notch. Even the final scene is very pretty. However, there is so much overt sentimentality that you can practically cut it with a knife. Mary is so good, so sweet and so feisty, sometimes the viewer might find it all a bit difficult to take. While it worked great in 1922 (becoming the biggest star in the world), today it is very dated. This is NOT true of all his films, but certainly this is. <br /> <br /> By the way, DVD Image Entertainment is of decent quality, although some scenes are severely degraded - something that is not very surprising considering the film's age. Furthermore, the only extras included are a short filmography.
