Madhur Bhandarkar gave everything raw. But the best part is that he didn't forget to give the ingredients. He arrived short and clear to the viewer and the public made the choice now. Page 3 is a revelation of the naked truth regardless of the harshness connected to it. <br /> <br /> Madhavi (Konkan Sharma) is a journalist and enjoys working. A simple and peaceful life adores her with a caring boyfriend and a beautiful roommate Perla. It covers the celebrity page of Nation Today, where he has a very helpful editor Deepak Suri (Boman Irani.) But life takes a turn for her as she hits the first bump and walks away from Crime and goes to Crime po. Omigosh! a whole new world was waiting for her there. She is shocked, excited, stunned by the revelation. His reaction led to losing his job. Finally back to page 3. Now, when he meets a celebrity at a party, he knows the real appearance of each one, hidden under the illusory face. <br /> <br /> The film has a message and is raw. The public needs to do it in their own color. The theme and the script were fantastic. There are some very good thoughts applied to prepare the public. As the preliminaries club is shown before the pedophilia show, the short suspense before gay action in the bathroom. The dialogues are strong and the actors are really good at delivering them. The 2 words of Charu Mohanty speak and he is very successful in pronouncing those two words with such ingenuity, leaving an impact. Set selections could have been better. The songs are nowhere; but they were needed in the background. Atul Kulkarni has a small role with high impact. There were some visible defects. Atul Kulkarni explains to Konkan Sharma that honesty should be labeled along with intelligence. There could have been a better dialogue as it sounds like a sermon. The meeting between Thapar and his daughter does not require acting. That scene looks very unprofessional. <br /> <br /> Overall it is a film to watch with selective options before the pedophilia incident. This could ruin your mood.
