Madhur Bhandarkar directs this film which should expose the lifestyle of the rich and famous while also providing a commentary on the integrity of journalism today. <br /> <br /> Celebrities celebrate endlessly, they like to be seen at these parties, and get due exposure in the media. In fact the film would have us believe that this exhibition MAKES celebrities out of socialites and newspapers has a huge hand in this. IMO there's a lot more synergy between celebrities and media and it's a kind of relationship that I need from you, you need me. However, the media needs extra celebrities and not vice versa. In any case, the social column reporter (page 3 of the newspaper) Konkana Sen Sharma is launched in this continuous party environment. It is shown as this celebrity, very popular in social gatherings. He has a good friend in the gay Abhijeet and in the model in difficulty Rohit (Bikram Saluja). Do you stay with a hostess ?? the brazen Pearl (Sandhya Mridul), and a distressed actress - Gayatri (Tara Sharma). The newspaper's editor is Boman Irani and a crime crime reporter reporter is played by Atul Kulkarni. The film has almost too many deviations and plot characters, but it works at a certain level. The rich show themselves mostly rotten for the most part, the cinema shows to be unbalanced to the maximum with casting scenarios, exploitation of power, hunger for media exposure. All this is stratified in homosexuality, a homosexual encounter that seems to have little to do with history or plot, the rampant use of drugs, pedophilia, the police "meet" the deaths. In light of Pearl's desire to have a super rich husband, a daughter of socialite who allows herself a sexual encounter in a car, the plaintive women all seem benevolent evils. <br /> <br /> Does the film have an absolutely excellent acting of Konkana Sen Sharma, Atul Kulkarni has almost no role? a shame in my opinion But the supporting cast is more than competent (Boman Irani is very good). This is what saves the film for me. Mr. Bhandarkar bites away more than he can chew or process on celluloid and turns the film into a free for all bash. I wish he had focused on one or two aspects of society's ills and explored them more effectively. The exploitation of the company is reproached, yet he himself exploits all the masala ingredients necessary for the success of a film. We have an article number as part of a Bollywood themed party, junkies dance a perfectly choreographed dance on a western beat. I hope that the next one from Madhur Bhandarkar dares to abandon even more the stereotyped ingredients of the Hindi film. The film is a courageous (albeit imperfect) effort, which certainly deserves a watch.
