Page 3 is one of those films that Madhur Bhandarkar makes to denounce the filth of society. The film is compelling, but, like most Bhandarkar films, it is unilateral and overly pessimistic. This film is about tabloid journalism, gossip, celebrity. The film shows the life of socialites, whose lifestyle is disastrously boastful, peculiar and repugnant. They celebrate, care for nothing but fame, organize funeral parties, crave more money and a higher reputation, do anything to get the necessary exposure in the media, to have their names written in bold on the newspaper's social column known as "Page 3" with huge photographs that will be the focus of people's discussions. They are looking for attention, salacious and hypocritical. The film industry is shown as squalid, with the casting couch being a common phenomenon among directors. That's where our beloved heroine, a young columnist Madhvi Sharma, is cast. All these people from the Mumbai elite depend on your articles and you are the right person to make friends with these parties if you want them to mention you in their article. Later in the film we learn that even those who are friends of Madhvi are no different from these high society characters. This was a tough vision for me, even though the film is unquestionably courageous and the issues it faces are interesting. <br /> <br /> The film's music is average. The only passable songs are "Kitne Ajeeb" and "Huzoor-E-Ala", sung respectively by the two melodic queens Lata Mangeshkar and Asha Bhosle. Otherwise the soundtrack is bad. One song that was particularly horrendous is "Filmy Very Filmy". The film's script is pretty good. The second part is far better than the first, as it becomes more concrete and exposes much more important issues such as terrorism and child abuse. This is where the film must be applauded. It was sad to know that people preferred to ignore such crimes out of fear and Konkona Sen Sharma's disappointment was very easy to report. It was excellent throughout the film and her acting in the last few scenes was particularly impressive. The part of Atul Kulkarni was very small, but he did full justice to it. Boman Irani is solid as editor of the newspaper. Sandhya Mridul is as amiable as Madhvi's cheeky roommate, Pearl, who marries an older man for money and is honest enough to admit it. The ending of the film is really well done and gives a certain sigh of relief after the unimaginable procedure. It's a good movie, it's interesting and sometimes moving, but the level of his interest and his general quality are ruined by his exaggerated, excessively messy and negative portrayal of the rich and famous.
