While visiting Romania with his CIA father, Tony (Adam Arkin), a talented high school quarterback seen as the savior of leading his team to victory over rival Simpson, is told by an aspiring palm reader (.. in Romania, the people are not allowed many books, so they started reading the palms) that would have been bitten by a werewolf ("When the moon is full, don't make appointments ... you'll be busy"). Well, who would do it ... The tony is in fact bitten and his life would have changed forever. Unfortunately, his father dies in an accident at his bomb shelter (!) Under strange circumstances (shooting the werewolf son inside a metal bomb shelter is not a good idea, especially if the bullet does not come out of the room and bounces around like a pinball machine) become berserk), Tony travels the earth through endless years, until he is tired of packing, and returns decades (..and many presidents of the United States) later, hoping he will take his football team to win Simpson ... a task he abandoned a long time ago. What was once a very clean and white high school was turned into a ghetto of drug use, violence and perversion. To get an idea of ​​what the Full Moon High dance party looks like in the early 1980s, think of Studio 54 with teenagers .. <br /> <br /> Larry Cohen's parody of werewolves, among the other things, it's full of gags, tributes and jokes. My favorite sequences contain one in the sex class in which Tony reveals his werewolf transformation and the introductory scene to Dr. Brand (Alan Arkin, who steals the film when Kenneth Mars is not on screen) in the 1980s, very probably the worst psychiatrist on Earth. His job of tearing down a jumper leads to two men falling from a balcony ... the jumper and a fireman (trying at first to pull him out), both furious for Brand! The brand even tries to convince Tony to sign for his body that is given to science, so he can get a fur coat from his wife! Kenneth Mars made me roll on the floor like a homosexual football coach (..and later in the 80s as the headmaster) who loves to pat his players behind ... the scene where Tony is unloading the truth on sex is classic. The film is full of inspired casting choices .. it is littered only with funny characters and cast interpretations ... like Ed McMahon as a very conservative military fanatic who actually looks identical to Joseph McCathy standing next to his photo in the bomb shelter (always talking about commies), Joanne Nail, with Ricky's protruding eyes nowadays falling in love with the werewolf, Elizabeth Hartman (A Patch of Blue) as a sexually harassed teacher (.. and molester) who finds an attraction towards Tony, James Dixon as deputy (.. his great scene makes him steal a line from his chief of police by reciting it to Dr. Brand who begins to put the words with his mouth open for memorization), Roz Kelly as Jane, an eternally devoted woman who wants Tony just for herself, constantly asked to kidnap her, and Bill Kirchenbauer as Flynn, his longtime Tony friend and now the chief of police who has kept Jane only after her friend left the city. I can't forget JM J Bullock as the homosexual son of Flynn who tries to adapt to school hoping to find a lady with hilarious results. <br /> <br /> I like how the movie pays tribute to the werewolf genre as when looking for prey .. it is often referred to in newspapers as Jack the Nipper because he likes to bite his victims on the cheek .. and I'm not talking. He saw more of a nuisance than a danger. The tributes to Carrie and Psycho are beautiful, and even the shtick violin is fun. Cohen throws so many zingers at the viewer, eventually he has to attack. Obviously in a comedy like this, not every line hits its mark, but many do. The cast makes this useful. The film looks cheap on Larry Cohen's typical budget. Notice the scenes of the 1950s when the obvious old cast members who showed up along the way wore dazzling wigs. Adam Adam in the lead ... is the perfect film for the gags that follow him and the zingers he lets fly from Cohen's script. The film moves quickly, rarely catching its breath. I liked this horror comedy more than it seems.
