I'm not kidding about that summary and I'm voting! Video distributors have made this film like a typical 80s werewolf movie, but in reality it is the biggest horror film imaginable, having done for the horror film what "Blazing Saddles" did for the western. I've seen a lot of comedies - good, bad, stupid, weird, etc. (Usually you don't let yourself be impressed), and I think comedy should be the hardest genre for filmmakers and actors to work in - it takes the right kind of touch to make things successful, and part of that is have good ideas. "Full Moon High" is full of good ideas - so many, in fact, that it can easily shame the Zucker / Abrams team of "Airplane" and "Naked Gun". One of the best of these is the presence of Ed McMahon in a leading role as a John Birch-style crackp. The jokes, the non sequiturs, the jokes and the words are literally non-stop and everything, including the kitchen sink, has been thrown. The ironic tone is very similar to that of "Back to the future". <br /> <br /> Some people (ie almost every reviewer here) must have been turned off by the spirit of anarchy here, but I almost died of laughter, and this is one of those movies where you never know about what kind of madness will happen next. Since the extraordinary B-movie Larry Cohen had not made a pure comedy before this, one has the feeling that he was making up for lost time by including any joke he or his co-workers might have thought. If Mel Brooks had done this, critics would have labeled it a comic masterpiece, but since it was made by Cohen, it was archived as a schlock. Even the critical reviews have called this film "silly". SILLY? What should a comedy be, serious ?! Anyway, I laughed harder at this movie than any other I could think of. Cohen mocks everyone - himself included, with many references to his usual low-cost movie brand; he and the actors must have had a complete explosion making this. <br /> <br /> Humor is very Mel Brooks-ish, and anyone who loves Jewish humor or watching a lot of B-movies (especially horror) will love this. Trust me: the film is not too difficult to find, and as long as you accept it for what it is - a rollercoaster of unpretentious laughter of any social value - then you will really like it !! <br /> <br /> A sidenote: this film should somehow go down in history as the only thing that Bob Saget ever played (albeit briefly) actually funny.
