I don't know why people except a lot from low budget indie movies, but I liked this because I'm a fan of urban horror. There are not too many urban horror films, so when I saw this on the shelf, only the title alone reached my curiosity. So I decided to take a look and I was surprised ... it's not too often they come across a low budget independent horror movie with a GREAT acting and a good story. Is it a low budget? Yup. Can you say it's a low budget? Yes ... but once you start watching the movie, you're so busy with the story that it doesn't matter. I also like hip hop music and the soundtrack is beautiful! I don't know what happens with all these bad reviews for this movie. All I hear is "the worst movie ever". Did these idiots see EVERY movie out there? There are thousands of movies out there, how can you categorize one as the "worst" ever? A non "movie" video like "zombiez" could be the worst movie I've ever seen, but I can't say it's the worst movie ever since I haven't seen all the movies out there. In conclusion, these people who gave this film bad reviews are probably suburbs. Listen, if you don't like minorities, urban movies, ghetto movies, hip hop, etc. So WHY LOOK AT THESE KINDS OF FILM ??? !!! knowing that you don't like this kind of thing? Sure, this is a horror movie, but it's not just a horror movie, but it's an URBAN horror film with a multicultural cast. I don't like TV shows like Dawson's Creek or O.C., BECAUSE I GET ME. Movies like "Garden State", "Wedding Crashers" and "I heart huckabees" SUCK ME to me. I'm a boy from New Jersey and these shows and movies suck me. Why? Because I can't relate to them. They don't have the greatest interest for me. Just common sense. Believe me, I will never watch GARDEN STATE 2: GARDEN INSAD, WEDDING CRASHERS 2: Here is a sequel to torture you again from the first one sucked so badly and I HE HUCKABORING. Now back to this movie, as for the comment from saint405 above, I don't know if this guy was smoking crack or was "stupid" by his drunken dad before watching the movie, but for me, everyone did a great job . The actor who played Ricky (I forgot his name) did a great job. I am an aspiring actor who is taking the theater in my school and I had to do a play in which I had to cry and it is not easy to be emotional in a scene, so I give props to the actors who have to do an emotional scene and they can pull out. Anyway, I liked this movie and I've never heard of these actors and directors, but you bet I will look for their articles for now and if they are reading this, BRING ON THE SEQUEL !!! Are out. Jerzee Representin '!
