Welcome to Oakland, where the dead come out to play and even the boys in DA can't stop them. This low-budget production, directed at the video, seems to be synchronized with the release of Land of the Dead, the latest installment of George A. Romero's famous zombie series. The setting of the ghetto and the hip-hop soundtrack can provide further appeal for walking dogs in underground neighborhoods. Ricky (Carl Washington) works at a medical research center while raising his brother, Jermaine (Brandon Daniels). But the teenager, bored by macaroni and cheese dinners in their home, would rather spend his time with street friends Marco and Kev. Apparently there is not much left for African-American high school dropouts to do on this side of the bay, except doing business with drugs and fights with housewives, including rival Latin gang bangs. Ricky plans to sell the home of their deceased parents and move inland into the Castro valley, a more bourgeois and presumably safer environment. Unfortunately, before this could happen, a car shot leaves Jermaine dead on the porch. Ricky, overcome by grief, tries a last desperate challenge. He tells Scotty, his lab assistant, to steal part of the experimental cell regeneration formula they tested on rats. When a double dose fails to revive Jermaine, there is no choice but to call 911. But a funny thing happens on the road to the morgue. The boy is reanimated like a spitting zombie, he chews the ambulance drivers and staggers away into the night, bent on revenge and hungry for fresh meat. The food frenzy infects more victims and, before the night ends, the East Bay is a battlefield between the living and the bloodshed undead. The horror genre has seen more than its share of inexpensive film producers, from Ed Wood to Herschel Gordon Lewis to Charles Band. But low budgets don't necessarily mean bad movies. Consider the programmers of Val Lewton (Cat People, The Leopard Man), Roger Corman's Poes quickies, Romero's Night of the Living Dead and John Carpenter's Halloween. The difference between memorable and horrible has more to do with talent and ambition than with money. Hood Of The Living Dead is more fun than several hundred million dollars of recent expensive horrors. Convenience has its charm. In really cheap films, the actors wear their clothes in a real context. Here the houses of the section have freshly painted walls in neutral and opaque tones, giving an oppressive appearance like the bourgeois melodramas of the 50s by Douglas Sirk. The lines seem more improvised than scripted. "So what the hell are we going to do now?" "Keep your eyes open for everything F N 'that seems out of the ordinary." Ricky and Scotty call their boss, who calls a former soldier named Romero. "I have a huge problem that we have to deal with quickly." "Not a problem," says the mercenary, closing the phone and grabbing his guns. Everyone has firearms and even when they fight zombies they are on their cell phone, like who is not nowadays? Information is exchanged with naturalistic understatement. "What happened?" "We came into contact with some crazy motherfockers." "Deja F N 'vu. It's the zombie of the park again ..." Ricky also has to jump off his contracted girlfriend, just saying, "It got out of hand." Unlike most zombie movies, this provides a reason for chaos. Jermaine takes revenge on the gang bangers who shot him, who in turn continue the roar. This is the urban film production that implies its social commentary, an almost guerrilla production that suggests a future for a low budget horror that reflects real life instead of supernatural clichés. The Quiroz brothers, who recorded their name as if they were waiting for a new movement, could inspire others to tell stories derived from personal experience rather than imitating the tired product of Hollywood. Considering their limited resources, Jose and Eduardo Quiroz have realized an economic but technically acceptable characteristic of the people they know. Photographer Rocky Robinson did the work, Eduardo Quiroz's music is no simpler than Carpenter's Halloween theme and The Darkroom Familia's hip-hop songs and others add atmosphere. The result is promising if not exactly exciting. They are learning their craft and, unlike Lewis and Wood, who have never been better, their neighbor could be one to watch.
