There have been "race" images almost since the beginning of the cinema world. Almost all black cast films have been made by segregated Poverty Row studios (most often owned by Caucasians) for ghettos. With the growing urban decay of the 1970s, this idea was revisited with a wave of "blaxploitation" images created for urban houses that superimposed black actors and a funky atmosphere compared to traditional B. film textures. This trend has also extended to horror features, with titles like Blacula, Blackenstein and Sugar Hill offering blaxploitation versions of standard monsters. And didn't he die with the closure of most urban theaters ?? it has slowly slackened in the era of video and continues with low-budget direct-to-DVD versions like this. And the hood of the living dead of Jose Quiroz, he adopts the recent popularity of horror movies for the hip-hop audience. Ricky (Carl Washington) is a young scientist from Oakland who tries to keep his younger brother Jermaine (Brandon Daniels) out of trouble after the death of their parents. After Jermaine was hit by drug dealers in a drive-by, Ricky decides to use the experimental cellular regeneration formula he worked on in an effort to save the boy's life. Apparently his efforts are useless, and Jermaine's body is taken away. However, the body never reaches the morgue ?? Jermaine comes alive again in the coroner's van like a meat-hungry zombie. He kills the drivers, then chases the band that killed him, spreading the zombie infection wherever he goes. Having heard friends of Jermaine Kevin (Derek Taylor II) and Marco (Raul Martinez) about the gangster attack, Ricky believes the only thing to do is capture Jermaine and try to cover the whole issue before he and his accomplice Scott (Chris Angelo) are arrested for the chaos they caused. However, they soon discover that the infection is spreading too quickly for them to control it. Keeping it simple, Quiroz's team can produce a fun little horror movie without stretching too far to the point where things start to look bad. Along the way, they also add some interesting deals. When confronted for the first time with a zombie, Scott tells Ricky: "Shoot him in the head like in the movies!" ?? an effective way to find out how to kill zombies. An extra turn is added when the first blow to the head does not kill the brain, increasing the discomfort of the viewer. Another positive aspect is that the soundtrack only makes limited use of sub-Eminem-style rap, placing all the standard music "disturbing".
