most of the negative reviews on this site blame "Hood of the Living Dead" for one (or more) of the following reasons: 1) it is a low budget movie with practically no acting; 2) it was so bad to make me laugh 3) is something I could do alone. I won't even talk about the first point because it's a very subjective question, whether you like it or not with low budget and independent things. I must say, however, that I still can't understand the people who rent a movie like "Hood of the Living Dead" and then they surprise me when they realize that it's not as polished and cute as a romantic comedy with Lindsay Lohan or Matthew Mc Conaughey. As for the second point, I don't really see what's so wrong with laughing. I like to laugh and love movies that make me become comedies or horror movies. When in "Hammerhead" I saw this girl enter a PUDDLE and the shark-man came out to eat it, I just broke. And I'm grateful that the director made such a stupid scene and gave me ten seconds of pure fun. Honestly, laughing makes me feel good, while it seems that many people who write reviews consider it a bad thing. If you just want to feel sad and scared while watching a movie, "Hood of the Living Dead" and low budget movies are definitely not for you. But please don't come and tell us you find them ridiculous. We already know that. This is probably why we decided to watch the film in first place. However, it is the third point that leaves us totally baffled. Only a few years ago people were moving away from the cinema to see "Blair Witch Project", which is a more rudimentary, boring film, without plot and misinterpretation of "Hood of the Living Dead" (and he also takes the road seriously ). In addition, half a million people visit YouTube every day to watch the "Lonelygirl15" short films, which is definitely something that everyone can do with a cute girl, a room and a webcam! Don't talk about all the more amateur videos you can find there. Why don't people blame those bad acting and non-existent plot clips? I think it's one of the best things of our time that everyone, with accessible technology and a group of friends, can create their own films and share them with people who have similar interests. And I feel a certain admiration for the people who spend the weekends with their friends doing an honestly bad (yet refreshing) piece of junk like this, rather than shopping at the mall or playing video games on their own. Leave your prejudices and your desire to look like an intelligent film critic by attacking the b-movies, and you'll see that "Hood of the Living Dead" can bring you almost as much fun as its creators! If you have a taste for pleasant and refreshing homemade horror movies, I recommend "Zombiez", "The Ghosts of Edendale", "The Killer Eye", "Monster Man", "Do not Look in the Basement", "The worst horror film ever made "," Redneck Zombies "," Jesus Christ Vampyre-Slayer "and" Habit ".
