Eye in the Labyrinth is not your average yellow ... and to be honest, I'm not really sure it's a mystery; but Yellow or not, despite some problems, this is definitely a very interesting little movie. I am reluctant to call it a Yellow because the film does not present most of the things that make these films what they are; but many gender voices break the mold, and this would seem to be one of them. The film does not present brutal murders like those of Giallo, but it is compensated by a surreal atmosphere and a fairly confused plot to remain interesting for the duration. The plot seems simple enough as it focuses on a doctor who is murdered by Julie, his patient who, for some reason, sees him as his lover and father and feels offended when he reaches her. We then move to a large house inhabited by a number of people, but nothing is really what it seems given that there are a number of secrets surrounding various events that occurred before Julie arrived ... <br /> <br /> The film seems to profess something about how the mind is like a maze. This never really came out, and I simply preferred sitting down and enjoying what was happening rather than worrying about what point (if any) the movie is trying to make. Eye in the Labyrinth is directed by Mario Caiano, the director of the excellent Night of the Doomed some years before. It does not create the atmosphere in this film as it did in the previous one; but the surreal aspects of the story are fine, and the mystery is always held high, which prevents the film from becoming boring. The film is starring Rosemary Dexter, which offers fun for the eyes and also offers a good performance. Most of the rest of the cast is not worth mentioning, with the exception of Adolfo Celi, who is as good as the villain of the piece and Alida Valli, whom cult fans will remember from a whole series of cult cult films. In the end the film explains itself; who is lucky because I'm sure I'm not the only spectator who was more than a little confused by then! Overall, this may not be classic stuff; but it's pretty good and worth seeing.
