I haven't seen the original "Incredible Journey" since I was a child, so I can't really compare the two versions. This version tells the story of three animals, two dogs and a cat, whose owners leave them with friends in the countryside when the father of the family has to do a new job in San Francisco. Pets, believing that they have been abandoned, flee and leave for a long journey home through nature. <br /> <br /> This story could have been more easily filmed as a cartoon, but both versions are in fact live - action films made with real animals. One of the main differences is that in the next version the animals speak in human voices, giving everyone their own distinct personality, something that was not done in the original film. (A similar device of talking animals has been used in other recent children's films such as "Racing Stripes"). Some critics have been rather indignant about the use of this device, but my opinion is that giving the animals distinctive personalities helps to strengthen the film rather than weaken it. The animals were voiced by big names, Don Ameche, Michael J. Fox and Sally Fields. <br /> <br /> Both dogs are males, and their relationship is parallel to that between many humans in the buddy-buddy movies. Shadow, a golden retriever, is the wise and experienced old dog; If the youngest is brash, arrogant and impulsive. In the British eyes, Chance looks like a boxer, but in reality he is an American Bulldog, who apparently is a different breed from the British cousin. Sassy the cat is female with a rather primitive and correct personality. She is very proud of her cat status, which in her eyes makes her far superior to any dog. ("Rule the cats, the dogs drool!"). <br /> <br /> From an adult point of view the film has a series of defects; it can be sentimental, some of the incidents (like the one in which the animals manage to catapult a mountain lion into the river) are incredible, and the human characters are completely forgettable. This, however, is a film that is aimed primarily at children, and I suspect they will appreciate it immensely. Of course, any animal lover will do it. (Comments from some professional critics such as James Berardinelli, who complained that the voices of animals reduced the "size" of the film, only serve to reinforce my opinion that professional critics are not always the best guides for children's films. on "Homeward Bound" focused on its alleged size). <br /> <br /> One thing that adults will appreciate is a photo of the Sierra Nevada mountains in California. They could also appreciate the mixture of humor and excitement of the film as the fleeing animals encounter dangers such as bears, mountain lions and porcupines in the desert. This is a very fun family movie. 7/10
