I saw this film for the first time when I was about 6 or 7 years old and I didn't really think it was something particularly special. As time passed, I looked at it a couple of times and started to grow on me when I started to understand the moral of the film, which I'll see later. For a while I left this movie alone and I didn't watch it for a while. When I looked for an old classic movie to watch a few weeks ago (now 15), I dug up the VHS at home. After seeing this, I was left on a natural level that I couldn't really explain. The film conveys an overwhelming sense of joy that you never expect. The cinematic nature of three completely different animals that work together to find the way home really sends a message home that no matter how different you are you can always find common ground, something that everyone needs. The way in which the personalities of the characters are chosen is really fantastic. In this you have an old wise golden retriever expert, who takes care or guides the "possibility" of the sympathetic, albeit clumsy, young American bulldog, with the clever cat, vulnerable but confident. The film follows these three friends or companions on a journey that is so realistically impossible to create magic in which you begin to believe that this journey can happen. <br /> <br /> I don't want to look like a mass of soft tissue when it comes to movies, I assure you that they are exactly the opposite, but the most exciting part of this film is undoubtedly the return of shadows, when the shadow tries desperately to escape and the case is impertinent, painfully told to leave. When both animals return to their beloved owners, there is a silence until the shadow limps over the horizon for the fear of all. There is a fine line between moving and dull, but this film is pure magic even at the age of 15. This film may not be the Lord of the Rings, but for Disney to produce a fantastic film using animals and to elevate myself in the way it does at this age deserves 10/10.
