This comment contains spoilers !! <br /> <br /> There are few actors who have an intangible for them. That innate quality which is an amalgam of charisma, vivacity and bravado. It is the quality that can separate good actors from truly great ones. I think George Clooney has it, and Jack Nicholson too. You can see Clooney's subtle touches in scenes like his only word goodbye to Andy Garcia in Ocean 11 when they say their name disdainfully. "Terry". "Danny". You can choose any number of Jack performances from up to five easy pieces in the A Few Good Men restaurant and his classroom interrogation scene. These guys have it. You can add Denzel Washington to the small and exclusive list of actors that exudes that terrifying trait in everything it does. If you look at some of his borderline explosive diatribes in The Siege to his impressive Malcolm X tribute in Spike Lee's film of the same name, you can see that there is no better actor today. I'm not talking about all this to insinuate that Man On Fire is perfect only for Denzel's work, but it's definitely the gear of production. I was literally hypnotized by some of his scenes that are at once raw, emotional and incendiary. <br /> <br /> Washington plays Creasy a former spy or CIA agent or one of those secret agents of the government. He basically touched the bottom while he was disillusioned with the life he led. He killed and perhaps did things that are better not to say and this made him a hard and bitter man. His friend and perhaps mentor, interpreted in a very private way by Christopher Walken, lives in Mexico living a very comfortable life providing body guard services for the rich. Apparently the kidnapping activity in Mexico is so lively that these former employees of S.E.A.L.s and the like can do very well by providing a necessary service. Creasey needs work and accepts a job with a wealthy family that seems to have some financial difficulties. Marc Anthony is as good as Samuel, Radha Mitchell is tantalizingly sexy as his wife Lisa and Dakota Fanning is incredibly and precociously brilliant as Pita. I don't know how a child of his age can have such an ability to interpret the characters he plays, but his interpretation of Pita is nothing short of an Oscar. The entire first semester of the film depends on the relationship between Pita and Creasy and if there was a weaker actress in the role, perhaps that emotional synergy would not have presented itself so succinctly. But Fanning is nothing short of outstanding in the role. <br /> <br /> It's the relationship between Pita and Creasy that drives this film at the height of cinema. Together they are perfect and there is a real bond developed between them. Tony Scott directs with frantic urgency and his eye for visual glare has never been better. I'm interested to see how his next film, Domino, looks like. I think that Scott is one of today's under-rated directors and with more films like this, his name will certainly be elevated to icon status. <br /> <br /> History has created Creasy for Pita, and vis-ca versa. There is a precise connection between the two of them and perhaps it derives from the fact that although Pita loves his father, he is not very close. He is a philanthropist and obviously has little time to spend with his family. Soon, Creasy is taking Pita to her swimming competition. She is reading her bedtime stories and she is naming her "Creasy" teddy bear. It is not just a friendship between them, it is more a kinship, and a deep love of parents seems to be present. <br /> <br /> The film changes gear when Pita is kidnapped and held hostage and Creasy is almost injured trying to protect her. It is here that the plot becomes dense with insinuations and matures with deception as the pieces of the plot are untangled like an onion. And this is where Denzel becomes a tour de force. As I said before, I've seen Denzel give exceptional performances in films like Crimson Tide and Training Day, but I've never seen it that way. He is a possessed man and with the possibility that Pita is dead, he becomes a burning literal. He rages on him as he hunts down and prepares his mark of merit. Denzel's anger and acidity are ubiquitous and not easily tamed while he chases everyone responsible for Pita's violation. This is all vigilant justice because the Mexican authorities always seem to be one step behind. <br /> <br /> Furthermore, what is fundamental to the brilliant audacity of this film is that there are few films that actually give criminals their proper dose. I was often frustrated watching movies where the bad guys let themselves go. They inflict every kind of torment for the entire movie and then take a bullet and die. But not in this movie. The writer Brian Helgeland makes sure that the salary here is unequivocal and painful. The authors here suffer the wrath of Creasy and experience the torment that triggers. There is nothing deceitful about its brand of justice. He needs information and someone loses a finger. He wants answers and a homemade bomb is placed in places that are destined for other things. There are no punches pulled here and this is one of the real strengths of the film. <br /> <br /> Man on Fire is one of the five best films of 2004. Now that it's on DVD, my recommendation is to take the SE. It is loaded with bonus features that include about 6 hours of documentaries and several comment tracks. 10/10
