When I remember seeing the previews of this film and not thinking about it much. It was almost one of those films that when you see the preview, it's amazing, and then when it comes out, you feel nothing and totally miss it, and your memory doesn't completely correct the mistake of missing it. Man On Fire was one of those movies. I was curious to rent once and decided to take it home with me, my precious Blockbuster rental in my hands. I looked at it and saw a movie so beautiful. It's like no other ... drama and action combined to create something incredibly spectacular. Tony Scott's cinematography is extremely well done and unique, unlike another film. Subtitles can explain something without even listening to the actual voices and the music is very intriguing for the setting. I joined this movie and ended up buying it as soon as I could leave home and go to Best Buy. I've watched it several times now. Denzel Washington (Creasy) does a great job of becoming this ex-man of lost-minded special forces with no reason to live. Dakota Fanning (Pita) puts his life back in his love for him from the beginning. They bind and become good friends until part of the brotherhood, La Hermandad, is kidnapped by notorious gangsters. Creasy (Denzel) tells Dakota Fanning's mother that she will hunt down the killers, fearing that Pita is dead. This is where Creasy really shows the person she can become. Use his contacts from Pita's abduction and Creasy's shelter to find one of the men and start his search. My favorite phrase of all is in this film, when Christopher Walken tells the AFI agent that "A man is a work of art, in everything he does ... cook, anything. Art of Creasy is death ... speaks of painting his masterpiece. "He plays a singular roll of old friends and companions of Creasy. After finally pursuing the brother of "The Voice", leader of La Hermandad. Creasy organizes a meeting to exchange Pita for himself and the brother of The Voice. Eventually, Creasy dies from being shot first, and her wound becomes infected and massive blood loss. It is a very sincere and sad, but great ending. I love this movie and recommend it to anyone looking for a memorable film. The story is thorough, everything is explained from beginning to end, and nothing trivial in any way or way.
