-The hassle in Mexico is as common as the honeys that give me their phone numbers, so if you are rich then you will need a good bodyguard to keep you and your children safe. A couple takes on a washed bodyguard named Creasy to protect their adorable little girl Pita. At the beginning, their relationship is a bit buggy but after a while, Creasy approaches the girl and the two develop a father / daughter relationship. One day Pita is kidnapped and Creasy is seriously injured in the process. When he wakes up he finds out that the girl was killed because of a ransom negotiation that went wrong and that makes Creasy find a way to find the men responsible for his death and make sure they are brought to his mark of justice. > <br /> - Keep a bit of Tylenol next to you while you watch this movie because you'll have to take some after seeing it. I really love the story here of going to the extreme to get revenge because most movies usually only want revenge, but in reality they never go too far where, like this movie, they show how far a man can go to do what believes it is right. The only problem is the annoying visual style, which will make you hate the movie or hate Tony Scott. I'm really sorry for the cinematographer because I'm sure he came to this movie thinking he was going to film an action movie and probably got excited but instead he got trapped like the DP for a director who believes the whole movie should it seems to be possessed by demons. I wouldn't mind if the crappy images were limited to a few action scenes, but when they spread through the whole movie, then it's when we have problems. The same annoying style was recently used on "Domino" and very similar to this film the style hurt that otherwise exceptional film. <br /> <br /> - Another person that I am sorry for this film was the great Harry Gregson Williams who had the impossible task of trying to compose music with jagged images. Somehow, Williams wrote decent music for the film, but I'm sure that if the film was more stable then the music would have been much better. The sound is mistakenly used during the film and instead of improving the cinematic experience, it makes you feel rather like you were punished. Excessive use of the subwoofer is irritating about every 5 seconds, so an insignificant low end sound is heard. I don't know why Scott thought the audience needed to be bombarded by the subwoofer, but it actually takes you away from the movie. <br /> <br /> - Acting in the film is a beast despite the graphics. Little Fanning does another great job here and the scene at the end of the film breaks my heart. If the end of the film doesn't make anyone cry, then they died inside. Denzel Washington breaks his rule of not making action films with this film and fortunately, for him, he plays an exceptional character. The whole idea of ​​a man who is lost in life and suddenly due to a tragedy finds a purpose in his life is not new, but Washington brings a little heart and emotion to the otherwise flat character. I love how we assist him from being a loner to really learn to have emotions and after abduction become a cold tool of revenge. Radha Mitchell plays the wife of Marc Anthony and she along with Fanning are the two reasons why I can't hate the movie too much. J. Lo's husband comes and goes in the film, but he doesn't stand out much. Mickey Rourke and Chris Walken all have a minimal role in the film but have an impact. <br /> <br /> - One thing that makes me laugh is how filmmakers try to wear makeup for the derogatory way they portray Mexico by calling it a beautiful city at the end of the film. A little late for me if you ask me. We hope that Tony Scott has finished with this phase of intentionally trying to ruin his career because a talented director like him can and must do better than that.
