You know you have something different when a movie has Christopher Walken in the role of a hit man - and he's not even one of the bad guys! Although he could do with some judicious cuts here and there, "Man on Fire" is a generally effective criminal drama that ranges from the overtly sentimental to the decidedly brutal tone - and virtually every conceivable tone in between. <br /> <br /> Denzel Washington plays Creasy, a former CIA assassin who recently left business and is looking for some sort of redemption for the sins he has committed. So far, he has sought answers in a bottle and in the Bible and has not done so well with either of them. At the opening of the film, Mexico City was devastated by a series of kidnappings aimed at the powerful and the wealthy, perhaps perpetrated by the same police force charged with maintaining law and order in the community. Creasy accepts the position of bodyguard of the daughter of a wealthy entrepreneur who rightly fears for her safety. The first third of the film is dedicated to the growing friendship between Creasy and her office, Pita, a sweet girl who slowly but surely makes her way into the heart and into the affections initially induced by Creasy. The last two thirds of the film turn into an Avenging Angel melodrama, as Creasy systematically searches and eliminates all those responsible for a tragedy that occurs at the beginning of the story. <br /> <br /> Based on the novel by AJ Quinnell, "Man on Fire", cleverly written by Brian Helgeland and directed by Tony Scott, is a coldly efficient action film that never strays from the brutal brutality of his subjects. It risks asking us to identify ourselves with a man who, for all intents and purposes, is reaching his redemption by torturing and killing people (certainly not to be recommended). These scenes of carnage and violence are at the same time intense and suspicious, even if they sometimes touch exploitation. Even better are the calm and intimate moments between Creasy and Pita in the early parts of the film. Washington and the wonderful Dakota Fanning establish a natural and relaxed relationship that helps prepare the ground for chaos and turbulence to follow. <br /> <br /> Washington brings the film with its quality of stoic justice, making us understand its character on an emotional level even if what it is doing eludes us intellectually. In addition to the two protagonists, there are solid performances by Walken, Marc Anthony, Radha Mitchell, Mickey Rourke, Rachel Ticotin and Giancarlo Giannini. But it's Washington and the lovely Mrs. Fanning who steals the show. <br /> <br /> "Man on Fire" would have been better with about half an hour taken off his running time, but this is still an improvement - a medium-sized criminal thriller.
