Although he was freed from a flock of vengeful action movies (KILL BILL VOL 2, THE PUNISHER, WALKING TALL), MAN ON FIRE works equally well thanks in large part to the ever-guarded Denzel Washington, one of the best actors around today. <br /> <br /> In MAN ON FIRE, based on AJ Quinnell's 1980 novel (first film of 1987, with Scott Glenn), Washington plays an unfortunate former mercenary who now bends down to drink from a flash of Jack Daniels, until his old partner (Christopher Walken) offers him a chance for redemption. He is hired as a bodyguard for his 10-year-old daughter (Dakota Fanning) of a Mexican businessman (Marc Antony) and his American-born wife (Radha Mitchell). While he and Fanning work first like oil and water (not mixing very well), he really manages to bond with her, encouraging her to do better swimming, while at the same time trying to confront the demons of the past. It is this link that will force Washington to return to his old line of work when Fanning is kidnapped and held for a $ 10 million ransom, and is nearly killed. With almost all the other action heroes (Schwarzenneger, Segal, etc.), the next bloodbath would be the same repetitive schlock we've seen a million times before. But the character of Washington, although he is killing for a reason, does not particularly like doing what he does. However, he receives help from an intrepid Mexican journalist (Rachel Ticotin) to expose "La Hermanidad" (The Brotherhood), the kidnapped gang responsible for Fanning's abduction. <br /> <br /> MAN ON FIRE is imperfect due to the hyper-camera work, editing editing almost a headache and various film titles that are up to its director Tony Scott (TOP GUN, CRIMSON TIDE), but that are not necessarily unique to him (witness Oliver Stone uses the editing in JFK or Sam Peckinpah in his classic films of the 60s and 70s). However, Scott gets a great performance from Washington, as well as from Fanning, who runs into something more than a typical movie guy. The Spanish soundtrack by Harry Gregson-Williams is enriched by the sketches of the soundtrack by Chopin, Debussy and even by the classic 1933 country rock version of "Blue Bayou" by Linda Ronstadt. Although the film overall is quite violent, it is not worse than most action films of the last ten years, and overall is much better than most.
