Maslin Beach is a real nudist / naturist beach south of Adelaide, on the Fleurieu Peninsula in southern Australia. It is also the name of an Australian film that used the beach as a location. <br /> <br /> Maslin Beach is labeled as a romantic comedy. This could be slightly misleading, as it is not a "hilarious" film, nor is it really romantic in the traditional sense, but has carefree moments. Just like life itself, there are also moments of sadness. Furthermore, it is entirely filmed on the nudist beach mentioned above, and nudity flows throughout the film. The spectator quickly learns to accept it as normal, and concentrates on the plot, not on the abundant quantity of meat. <br /> <br /> Simon and Marcie (Michael Allen and Eliza Lovell) arrive by car in a car on the park beach. They bring their belongings to the beach, and as they walk, a voice-over from Simon speaks of his confusion about what true love is. The rest of the film is an exploration of this, framed by a full day on the beach. The basic story is what happens to Simon's love life, but there are also many other characters highlighted in different vignettes. <br /> <br /> When they arrive at the beach, both Simon and Marcie seem bored with each other. Marcie sees them as a romantic couple 'Romeo and Juliet'. Simon is just bored by it all. Next, we are introduced to Gail (Bonnie-Jaye Lawrence), Paula (Zara Collins) and Jenny (Jennifer Ross). They are walking along the beach together discussing Gail's chances of finding the "perfect" man, helped by the "powers" of a necklace that brings good luck to his grandmother. However, there are many other interesting people on the beach, not all 'attractive' and young (part of the realism of this film). <br /> <br /> To serve the customers on the beach there is a flatulent, short seller of red-light ice cream with a van. This is Ben (Gary Waddell), who is a friend of Simon, and is also his unofficial advisor. I would think that this character is the main comic element. It's hard to say, because there's nothing in Ben that makes you laugh out loud unless you're drunk, male and very young! However, Maslin Beach has a great saving feature, namely that it does not dwell too long on any subject. Since the quality of the acting is variable, the script is suspect and everything about Maslin Beach is cheap, the lack of continuity is a positive advantage. In fact, there is something in this film (not nudity) that I find attractive. It is difficult to define what it is, but it could be something to do with his frankness and decidedly "Australian" attitude towards carnal things. <br /> <br /> Camera work in Maslin Beach is worth mentioning. Sometimes it's very good, with some stunning static shots and "views" of the beach, cliffs and a sunset. Since nudity is an important factor in this film, framing is an important aspect of camera work. There is no sense of gratuitousness in the frame, which means that the frame is made so that the camera does not dwell on parts of the 'private' body. This helps to alleviate the sense of uneasiness of the spectators from being within the "personal space" of the subject and makes the film more refined. It is not an easy task given the location for filming. <br /> <br /> Maslin Beach is neither a "skin blow" for post-pubescent men, loaded testosterone, nor a "Mills and Boon" love story for undervalued women. Maslin's beach does not seem to fit the genre. The actors are not "attractive" in the sense of Baywatch, and they are just "normal" people that you would see on the beach everywhere. It does not have a message to convey and would not even serve as a tourist advertisement, except for naturists. Apart from the Australian accent, the shooting could have been in any sunny country. What makes this film distinctly Australian is the fact that it is useless (cinema verite?), And only Australian cinema and other medium-sized national cinemas could consider such a rash option. At the same time, these medium-sized cinemas have room for experimentation in the search for identity, and a "flop" will not damage their reputation too much. It is always possible, given that Maslin Beach is now a collector's item, that the film could become internationally famous, but it is very unlikely. <br /> <br /> During this criticism, I played very negative, sometimes, on Maslin Beach. This is not the real position, as I found the film very easy to watch. I liked it as a reflection of neighboring reality and real people (and problems). The problems faced in the film are those of the newspaper and a little low on the show. This does not hurt me, in my opinion, and I would like more films to tackle the everyday like this. There is a connection here with European cinemas, and with the French film in particular. They rarely deal with major disasters or catastrophes, but with every day. Hollywood is in direct opposition to this, and rides the crest of the hyper-real wave / drama / anguish. Even the pace is much faster in Hollywood, but it's not reality. Even Maslin Beach is not exactly "Jacques Tati", but it is on its way, even if it ignores the problems of multiculturalism, equality, gender orientation and so on, which are so important in today's cinema. I'm sure you will love or hate this movie, with little space for something in between. <br /> <br />
