"The Muppets Take Manhattan" is different in many ways than all the other Muppet films made so far. For one, it remains the only Muppet movie not owned by Disney. Starting in 2008, the film still belongs to 20th Century Fox (CBS Fox at the time of its release) even though Disney holds the rights to the Muppets. Furthermore, this film has a very linear plot and otherwise unpredictable events. <br /> <br /> Of course, it is very difficult to beat the original "Muppet Movie" from 1979, especially since that movie had more memorable songs than "Manhattan". However, one way in which "The Muppets Take Manhattan" is better than "The Muppet Movie" is perhaps a surprisingly realistic scenario. In the first movie, all the Muppets really have to go to Hollywood, enter an agent's office and immediately receive a "Rich & Famous" contract. In this film, the Muppets learn that they actually have to work for their desired success, and it's much harder to do it, especially in the entertainment industry, than they initially thought. This is an important and often overlooked message, provided that one is willing to suspend the disbelief that the Muppets, being small and made of cloth, do not necessarily have to live in a spacious place or even eat respectively. Above all, their struggle to make it after the university diploma creates a very beautiful story. Another note: the celebrity cameos in the film were fantastic, and surprisingly they managed not to take the spotlight off the Muppets. That skill right there is a testament to Henson, and how the Muppet characters were attractive to adults too. <br /> <br /> Where "Manhattan" collapses, and this is where I'm sure people won't agree with me, it's with some of the key songs, especially at the end. I thought the wedding song "He'll Make Me Happy" was too dark for an occasion as happy as a wedding. It felt more like a song played at a funeral. Every time I watch this movie, listening to that song makes me unusually depressed, especially when the movie starts with such an optimistic number like "Together Again" and happily ends up with that issue. "Saying Goodbye" was also sad, but it suited the film better because the Muppets were melting and not sure that they would see each other again. That last song was disappointing, and perhaps even contributed to the misery of younger spectators to see their favorite Muppets leave the big screen. <br /> <br /> "The Muppets Take Manhattan" is overall a good movie, and one that marches to the beat of a different drum from the other Muppet films, including the most recent ones made after the death of Jim Henson and Richard Hunt. Fortunately, the film marches in the same direction. I just wanted the movie to end with a better song that wasn't all that melancholy. In addition, Disney should have got its hands on this film's copyright and given it a proper DVD version. Maybe someday. We'll see.
