This was the third Muppet movie and the last one that Jim Henson participated in before his untimely death in 1990. The first three films starring the famous characters were all made and distributed in theaters before I was born. I originally saw the first and second episodes of the original trilogy, "The Muppet Movie" and "The Great Muppet Caper", in the mid-90s, as a child, but I didn't see this third, "The Muppets Take Manhattan" , until April 2007. Shortly after seeing his two predecessors and "The Treasure Island Muppet" of 1996 for the first time in many years. This third Muppet movie did not disappoint me at all when I first saw it, and my second view after almost three years may not have impressed me so much, but otherwise, it certainly didn't go much further. > <br /> The theater musical of the Muppets, "Manhattan Melodies", turns out to be a great success on their university campus. They are graduating from college, so soon they will leave, but they will decide that they will all be together and go to Manhattan to try and get their Broadway show. After they arrive, they start looking for a producer, but after a lot of waste, they finally decide to separate and go to look for work. Many of them leave the city, but Kermit remains, and is still determined to find the right producer and reunite the Muppet gang. He gets a job in a restaurant in New York owned by a man named Pete. The frog soon became friends with Pete's daughter, Jenny, an aspiring designer who is currently working in her father's restaurant as a waitress. While Kermit continues his attempts to reach the celebrity, now with Jenny's help, he doesn't know that Miss Piggy has secretly stayed in New York and is now spying on him. He starts to see Kermit and Jenny together, and they seem to be getting closer, which leads to jealousy! <br /> <br /> When I saw this movie for the second time, it seemed disappointing at first. He seemed a bit hasty, blurry, and perhaps even forgettable at the beginning. There are some fun parts during this part of the film, like Animal chasing a woman through the audience on the college campus, but for a while the film seemed bland to me compared to its two predecessors. Fortunately, it hasn't been long since he changed. The film is fun for the most part, with "Saying Goodbye", the poignant song that the Muppets sing as they separate, and much more happens later. The two funniest parts could be Miss Piggy's whims after seeing Kermit and Jenny hugging each other, but there have certainly been many other times I've laughed, like poor Fozzie trying to hibernate with other bears. The Muppets still have their charm and their comical antics, which of course also help to bring the film for the most part, as well as the plot, a simple but intriguing one for all ages. There are some weaker moments, like the sequence of Muppet children, and Juliana Donald's performance as Jenny is poor, but none of these problems is too significant, and they are far enough to ruin the whole experience. <br /> <br /> I would say "The Muppet Movie", the film that started the franchise in 1979, is the best of the original trilogy and seems to be the most popular opinion. This third film is probably the weakest of the three, but all are good. Unlike "Muppets From Space", the third of the franchise theatrical films made after the sad passage of Henson, at least "The Muppets Take Manhattan" is still the Muppets! I won't go into details about what I think of the 1999 Muppets movie, released twenty years after their first, since I explained in my review why I found it so disappointing, and even if it has some appeal, it's clearly not only. However, every theatrical film with the lovely Muppets made during Henson's life is good entertainment for the whole family, although the second and third episodes showed a slight decline in quality after the one that preceded it directly.
