This film is not a kung fu movie. This is a comedy about kung fu. And if, before making this film, Sammo Hung had not spent some time watching films by the great French director Jaques Tati (for example, in particular Jour de fête), it is certainly on the same wavelength. <br /> <br /> Personally, I think Tati's films are hilarious; but they are not for everyone's taste. Some have told me that they hate his job. I never understood why, but I think it's because the character that Tati usually interprets himself is so totally dead, so uninfluenced by the events surrounding him (which he is usually causing) that many people miss the most comical pieces that happen. around In any case, Tati's main shtick - or at least his best-known - is to take a presumptuously upright bourgeoisie with nineteenth-century sensibility and take him to 20th-century France where he has to deal with a society that's great part defined by the gradual erosion of those sensitivities. He usually has serious difficulties with small things like turntables or radios. It's dangerous in a car, but the world is no longer safe when riding a bicycle. But through all this, he never loses his aplomb, which derives from his inner recognition that the nineteenth century was more interesting than the twentieth century. <br /> <br /> Similarly, the character played by Sammo Hung himself is a country boy arrives in the big city of Hong Kong, completely convinced that what makes the city interesting is that Bruce Lee made kung fu movies there. This gets him in trouble in small ways, since he takes on a sudden coincidence that he will never notice in a small town, but that they are considered inappropriate in a big city - like the moment he seems to urinate in the street, A cop He stops him, only to discover that Hung is actually only compressing the water from his shirt, soaked during an accidental dip in the bay. The interesting thing about this gag is why it's Hung doesn't understand what the cop's problem is - in a country town, as long as no one is watching, if you have to go you have to go. In other words, Hung is not really urinating in the street - but he certainly would - and who is responsible for the problems? Obviously Hung's obsession with Bruce Lee also brings him in big trouble. He beats a gang of thugs who refused to pay his uncle the restaurant owner. Of course, in a Bruce Lee film, the thugs would be considered as affected and would have learned their lesson. But in Hung's Hong Kong, unfortunately, reality prevails and the hooligans return when they are not around, to beat the uncle. <br /> <br /> Naturally, finally, finally, Hung triumphed, just as Tati has always done. Characters like this must always triumph (at least in comedy) because they are completely innocent, and as such, despite their false steps and misunderstandings, they really represent what is best in the humans we admire and wish to be. We don't really want to be Bruce Lee (who must experience the loss of all his friends before he has a chance to beat the bad guy), we, in our innocence, we really want a world where Lee's heroes are possible. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, that world exists only on the film. <br /> <br /> "Ah, but what if ...?" - and in that question we find Sammo Hung at his best in the comic strip.
