Sometimes realism can work against the effectiveness of a film. This is not a problem here. The sets are poor, inside and out. The fog is omnipresent, halfway masking the sloppiness of production. If there is a bar, the name painted on the front window simply says "Wine And Spirits". The result is a set of claustrophobic scenes. Not a single shot of a city or even a fake horizon. This is the kind of Dublin this story talks about, just as Jack the Ripper's films talk of unkempt, misty and crumpled Whitechapel. Who would want it in any other way? How could it be otherwise with non-bankable stars, a tiny budget and a four-week filming program? Acting follows the example - shockingly hammy by everyone. Sometimes, my God, it's definitely atrocious. Mrs. McPhillips complains after Frankie was shot dead outside the house. However, Victor McLaglin offers exactly the right kind of overdone performance. The wardrobe stuck him in a jacket too small, so that he seemed to come out of it like Frankenstein's monster. His every move seems to go a little further than expected. When he slaps his cap on his head, he throws himself on the temple. A large, exuberant and whimpering child, seems constantly drunk. He betrays his best friend for the reward money he and his aspiring girlfriend will bring to America, not a good boy in the ordinary sense. Yet we jump as he begins to spend the 20 pounds, more and more during a wild and alcoholic night, because every expensive and grandiose gesture takes him away from his dream. I will not argue, but I can understand why he won an Oscar. <br /> <br /> Regarding Max Steiner's score, wow. Every movement, already exaggerated, is not only emphasized by the music of Mickey Mouse but highlighted in glossy yellow. It should not have happened: the heavenly choirs, the young and charming pendants, the jester, the gurgling melody while McLaglen drinks from the bottle. It would have been better without scoring. <br /> <br /> Well, how is it as a whole? Dated - by any measure, but not a product of its time. That's why I admire him. Yes, the symbolism is sometimes awkward. McLaglen, a real mannequin, bumping his head against a hanging sign. The fog. The blind man. But what strikes me is how little has been tried at that time. What strikes us today as excessively artificial was something very different in 1936 from what was seen in most of the programmers grounded at the time. If it sometimes falls, it doesn't matter. The film was an act of courage, politically, morally and poetically. (The legion of decency condemned him because of a scene in a brothel.) Should a director's goal exceed his grasp, or what is a screenplay? Looking at it now, however, in 2006, the story is more disturbing than ever. John Ford obviously sympathized with the Irish rebels. They kill, but only for what they see as necessity. ("Does he know too much to live, and if he goes to the Tans? Oh, I am not thinking of us, but of all of us, of Ireland itself.") The Irish are sentimental and understanding. I wonder if the jihadists in the Middle East do not use a similar logic to justify their acts of violence.
