In the mid-1930s, Hollywood was regaining its confidence after the difficulties of the telephone transition. Although all the technical sound problems were solved very quickly, it took more time to solve the questions about what the spoken images should look like, how they should be structured and how they should be interpreted. The Informatore is a key image as it shows the extent to which moments without words can convey history, affirming images of power without ignoring the needs of sound and dialogue. <br /> <br /> This does not mean that the Informer is truly a return to the golden days of silent men. First, many silent images were not so purely visual in their narrative, and were overloaded with titles. But what the Informer has is the self-assertion of prolonging the moments between the dialogues, of concentrating on the reactions rather than of the speeches, and of triggering the shots simply for the atmosphere. <br /> <br /> Director John Ford, for all his abilities, was a director who seems to have made an effort in proportion to how interested he was in the material. If he thought a story was foolish, he only half did it. Fortunately the Informant, with his representation of the community, honor, working life and, above all, the Irish scene, was all that Ford loved, and the result is one of his best works. In it, Ford really takes too many kinds of shots. The first is of places ?? the streets of Dublin shrouded in mist and darkness, so their most distant depths cannot be seen; squalid interiors where the walls and ceilings seem to hang over us. The second is of faces, extraordinary close-ups on light backgrounds, usually without dialogue, which focus on the inner conflicts of these people. <br /> <br /> Leadman Victor McLaglen fits perfectly into this character and this way of filming him. McLaglen's performance doesn't seem like much, since it's a 90% drunken act. But the other 10% is a sincere emotion, because here and there his Gypo Nolan has to what alcoholism refers to as a moment of clarity. The Oscars are won with these shows. McLaglen is supported by a punctual support cast, among which there are no weak links. In particular it is nice to have Donald Meek and Una O'Connor, usually seen only in prominent comic roles, who play dramatic parts for once (although Meek's appearance contains one or two bars, the tone of the scene and most of it of his ways is serious). Not only do these two offer incredibly profound performances, their familiarity with most of the spectators as actors of the comedy gives a note of added intensity for their part in this tragedy. <br /> <br /> RKO, which produced the Informer, was perhaps the most adventurous and willing to risk all the major studies. Thanks to this, we are able to see a sad story with an ignoble anti-hero at the center, which could easily be a drunk and burdensome mess, instead filled with a moody atmosphere and depth of character that keeps us looking and attracts us to his world.
