Once again, early morning television shows an invaluable resource for films that otherwise I could never find. At four in the morning, I got out of bed to start recording "The Informer (1935)", my fourth film by prolific American director John Ford, and an excellent one. Set during the Irish Civil War in 1922, the script was adapted by Dudley Nichols from the novel of the same name by Liam O'Flaherty. Although he was born in the United States, and is renowned for his "American" photos, both of Ford's parents were Irish, which explains the director's decision to direct the film. Victor McLaglen plays Gypo Nolan, a brutal but well-intentioned pimp who informs about an old friend, Frankie McPhillip (Wallace Ford), to claim the £ 20 reward for his girlfriend, Katie (Margot Grahame). When Frankie is killed during his arrest attempt, the Irish Republican Army, of which Frankie and Gypo were members, begins to investigate the traitor behind the incident, each clue bringing them closer to the true culprit. <br /> <br Meanwhile, Gypo is tormented by the guilt of his friend's untimely death, and descends into an attack of alcoholism that rivals Don Birnam in "The Lost Weekend (1945)" in its excess. While Gypo drowns his sorrows in large volumes of alcohol, trapped in a vicious circle of depression, his extravagant expense captures the attention of the investigating IRA members. For the first time in his life, Gypo finds himself surrounded by admirers (including an amusing J.M. Kerrigan), who enthusiastically applauds him on the back and beats him "King Gypo" for his physical strength. However, it is obvious that these people do not feel affection for man, and are simple showing him the attention to exploit him for money. The additional £ 20 brought by Frankie's death could never buy Gypo an assembly of friends ?? indeed, in a bitter stroke of irony, the money was only made possible by the betrayal and the loss of one of his only good companions. A relatively simple type, Gypo could not completely consider the consequences of his actions, and in the end he is offered a pardon because of his "not knowing what he is doing", but his madness must not go unpunished. <br /> <br /> The criticisms are occasionally leveled in Ford's film about the alleged propaganda support of a "terrorist" organization. Although this position obviously depends on the personal point of view (I don't know enough Irish history to judge), there is no doubt that the film portrays the Irish Republican army as altruistic, dedicated and impartial, a proud piece of Irish patriotism if I never seen. However, the main theme of the story is that of betrayal; driven by intense poverty, an ordinary man betrays the trust of his good friend and deeply regrets his actions. The tormented Gypo is interpreted mainly for pity, and Victor McLaglen offers a powerful performance that betrays a life of unsatisfactory existence, culminating in a terrible decision that condemns him to a difficult death. "The Informer" was the first major success of John Ford's Oscars, winning a total of four awards (from six nominations), including one for the best actor for McLaglen (who tore the statue from the three favorite names of "Mutiny on the Bounty (1935) "}, Best director and best screenplay for Dudley Nichols {who rejected the award due to disagreements of the Union}}.
