John Ford is one of the most influential and best remembered American filmmakers in the history of cinema, his name usually associated with the Western film genre. However, perhaps the best film of John Ford is not at all a western, but a dramatic drama set in the Irish struggle for independence in the early 1920s: The Informer of 1935. <br /> <br /> Times are hard for many in Ireland and burned out Gypo Nolan is trapped in a web of poverty and despair - and the walls are closing. Gypo is big but it's not the brightest bulb on the tree, it has a warm heart but a short fuse, and it never seems to really think things all the way, but it's not a criminal or a self-centered pig. Walking the hungry streets without where to live, the gigantic Gypo Nolan finds the first woman of his life, Katie Madden, on the streets he is soliciting because of his desperate situation and he begins to dream of taking her to the United States if only he had 20 pounds to pay for it. Fortunately, his friend Frankie is back in town with a price of 20 pounds over his head and Gypo is desperate enough to inform the police of Frankie's fate. Gypo, with the new 20 kilos of money earned, finds this foggy night particularly dense as guilt swells over him and the IRA invests all its resources to find Frankie's informant. <br /> <br /> Victor McLaglen plays the fallen Gypo Nolan and certainly deserves the Oscar for Best Actor who was awarded for this film. His brutal, stupid, and tender manhoods lend the dimension of the character and McLaglen is only second to the character of Dudley Moore, Arthur Bach, of the 1981 movie Arthur as the most entertaining cinematic drunkard. Margot Grahame's performance as Katie Madden is also excellent, but she and McLaglen are the only cast members who really impress. Preston Foster is particularly uncomfortable as head of the IRA, mainly because he is obviously not Irish, and JM Kerrigan borders on the irritant during his role in the film, but this disappointing support cast is the only weakness of the film. <br /> <br /> Often overshadowed by some of Ford's best-known westerns such as The Searchers or The Man Who Shot Liberty Valance, The Informer is easily one of John Ford's best films - if not his best. At the beginning of what would have been a long career of Oscar nominations and victories for John Ford, The Informer won four Oscars including one for him as best director in 1936. The use of shadows and light in the film by Ford and society is a particularly engaging and vital story. Gypo's walk through the streets is told by the gloomy state of the city and by the heated accusations of the street lamps, every shadow that constantly reminds him of his dark deeds. Ford's command of this technique was surprising to watch; if The Informer had been made 10 years later (thus fulfilling the requirements of the genre) it would probably be considered one of the best film noir of all time, but this does not prevent it from being remembered as an excellent classic film.
