Maybe it's because I searched the history of Irish problems in the 1920s and then the sad civil war that swept the Free State after the treaty was signed before watching this film. However, the sudden turnaround eventually brought tears to my eyes. <br /> <br /> Victor McLaglen is not as famous today as he was then, and should be remembered better. In this film, I think he plays himself as he would have been without his innate talent and his brain. For example, the scenes in which his friend in the crowd is challenging men to fight with him probably remember a lot what McLaglen actually did in previous years, when he was a world-class boxer. John Ford is partly responsible; the Trivia section of IMDb shows how he tricked McLaglen into getting a really bad hangover for the trial scene. Even this director could do a lot in his actors, even without such tricks. Most of the time, though, McLaglen has total control, especially when his character is almost totally blotto (hard to believe for an actor), and he also plays Gypo Nolan with a deep and emotional power that surprises for someone who has only seen McLaglen later in his career, in "The Quiet Man". I especially like the contrast between this role of IRA man and the much more clearly controlled performance he gave as the IRA man Denis Hogan in "Hangman's House". <br /> <br /> In "The Quiet Man", of course, McLaglen is a country squire disagreeing with the local IRA. Victor McLaglen was great and overbearing, in the ancient sense of the word, but he was also a good actor, capable of a wide range and refined nuances of performance that today we would not expect from such a man. It is a rather sad commentary on our series of expectations and prejudices. <br /> <br /> Ford, as usual, does a lot of things in a little movie. All the characters are excellent (although the predominantly American accent of the Commander is distracting) - NOTE: There will be anticipators! - Knowing that Gypo once pulled out the straw and was ordered to kill a man, but instead of letting it out, we feel empathy with the man who draws the straw to perform Gypo, and the humanity he shows, most especially when they go to get Gypo in Mary's room. <br /> <br /> John Ford really shows his genius here, taking what could have been a gruesome yet expected result throughout the story and using it instead to create a totally unexpected and very satisfying ending that makes us think not only of Gypo and the other characters, but of poor Ireland during that tortured period.
