Victor McLaglen, the main character of John Ford's THE INFORMER, reminded me of the circus man from Fellini's LA STRADA. Anthony Quinn played the brutal man, who could also have been influenced by McLaglen's Oscar-winning boxing performance. Poverty-poor Dublin is the real life, atmospheric setting of the painting, which takes place in 1922. A thick fog and a long wet night are the main elements of a story about the deep Irish patriotism and the struggle of the Irish Republican army. The conflict of individuality and the cause is what makes THE INFORMER beat. The big and simple character of McLaglen just wants to go to America and we are often reminded by the signs of the price of a ticket. Two different signs become the psychological fulcrum for the drunk Irishman. One is the previous one, the other a WANTED sign. Should he do it and get the money to go? <br /> <br /> John Ford, once famous, said: "My name is Ford, I do Western." After seeing this movie, obviously it could do much more. The serious social problems discussed here are felt and those you will be thinking about. And the look of the piece is surprising, consisting of long dark shadows that turn into a miserable Irish night. Ford has always been known for its luminescent and wonderful cinematography that has helped to foresee conflicts within its characters. This is difficult in color, but he did it in images like THE SEEKERS, painting John Wayne in a sometimes vicious way. Victor McLaglen's performances do not only benefit from the lighting, but from the simple simplicity of his acting. He pushes a lot. He knocks on people. He's a brute who doesn't know any better. It should, however, know whether to cross the IRA. <br /> <br /> Watch the movie to discover the gritty details. See also for McLaglen and Ford's patriotic portrait of the IRA. The soundtrack by Max Steiner is innovative in the way it matches the gestures of the characters, placing more emphasis on them. This was usually seen only in silent films, in particular Chaplin. The argument of naming or "informing" is obviously still important. Just see how the media covered this year's Oscars, paying much attention to the Elia Kazan scandal.
