I remember seeing him late at night on black and white TV, long before a live-action version was so bright in Peter Jackson's eyes ... and being very impressed. Finally I get my hands this week on a VHS copy that was thrown away (and it's not just a par for the course ..?) I had the chance to revisit this movie, and I found that it still goes up pretty well, too if it is not really the success that the memory has painted. <br /> <br /> I must confess some prejudice here. Some reviewers announce themselves as confirmed Jackson-lovers, others as Jackson's enemies; I'm not exactly either. I was a devotee of the BBC Radio adaptation of Brian Sibley, originally broadcast in 1981, and I immediately recognized Gollum's voice here - Peter Woodthorpe would have resumed this near-perfect radio performance three years later. <br /> <br /> I must say, however, that where I found Jackson's films an increasingly indulgent disappointment, Bakshi's version, although it was cut to the bone, is actually more accurate. Yes, there are the usual understandable changes (here is Legolas rather than Arwen who is replaced by Glorfindel as the Elf sent by Rivendell to meet the party) and there is a great deal of telescoping of the action. (The only exception to the latter, as others have observed, is the strangely extended sequence of the Great Ravine ford, where the Ringwraiths, having demonstrated a chilling ability to freeze and recall Frodo in mid-air, yes they line up again when he challenges them after crossing the river - then for some inexplicable reason he simply pursues them in a prolonged gallop, which is initially nightmare but useless, as far as the plot is concerned, and certainly lasts too long.) agreement that the Balrog is unsatisfactory, partly due to bad animation, and Gandalf turns his arms too much. <br /> <br /> But having observed both approaches to the film, I feel more than ever that the animated path is the one to take. In a story that is a half myth (strangely, a thing that is included is a fragment of the story of Aragorn by Beren and Luthien) the extreme literalism required by live-action shootings, where everything must be created, from monsters to jerseys of placed in detail to appear on the camera, it is counterproductive: latex monsters (or CGI) are less monstrous than those sketched, heroic costumes tend to look rather silly worn on real bodies, and hobbits or dwarves with non-human bodies the proportions are easy to animate but difficult to film convincingly. Many reviewers have mentioned the Ringwraith sniffing in the woods, with its crippled and semi-human movements, as one of the scariest moments in the film - it definitely scared me when I saw it for the first time alone in the dark! br /> <br /> The extreme stylization of the introduction (plus a voiceover made with great skill and economy to summarize the back-story in a few sentences) works very well to represent an almost mythical era, and change the county comic's rusticism - I particularly like Proudfeet - effectively corresponds to the similar change in tone of Tolkien's prose. I felt there were some missed opportunities where the potential of animation could have been used to great effect: Gandalf threatened Bilbo with his true power in the opening scenes, Bilbo seemed to become a Gollum-like creature under the influence of the Ring- lust at Rivendell, and Galadriel's famous temptation speech were all drawn more or less straight, where it would have been trivial to distort the scene to reflect the changed perceptions of the hobbits. But in general the changes in detail and in the palette - the colors of the light of fire in Bree, the brilliant colors that emerge in Rivendell and in the Fangorn clearing, dirty grays and browns for Moria and the wastelands - work well to reflect the mood of the various episodes, in which a live-action approach does not simply allow you to blur the background or the sketch in a stylized setting. <br /> <br /> As a fan, I didn't care about either Lothlorien's version of Jackson or Bakshi's - - again, I feel that the soundscape of the radio was the best evocation I found in a forest paradise wonderful, a little creepy, out of time - and I feel that Bakshi made the elf sing at this point rather badly, but I do like the little montage at this point showing the various members of the company relaxing together after the their travails in Moria. Aragorn giving a hobbit fencing lesson here is a fascinating (and equally non-canonical) show like Boromir who engages with Hollin's hobbits in Jackson's version. <br /> <br /> The depiction of Aragorn as a Ranger convincingly is good throughout this film (Viggo Mortensen's sloppy look at Jesus didn't work for me), although it would have been interesting to see how they planned to " clean up "the character in the second half for the benefit of Gondor. Not surprisingly, John Hurt gives an exceptional vocal performance, as does a resounding William Squire in the part of Gandalf. I suspect that the hobbits reflect contemporary youth as identifying figures of the public: I find that the animated style (the proportions are much more "cartoonistic" than those of the human characters) works well to differentiate them, and the whole "hairy" the thing of the feet as drawn here it appears much more plausible than in the more literal representations, including many fan art. <br /> <br /> Personally I have less objections to Boromir as Viking - he was always a fairly stray type - - than in Beardy-Aragorn (illogical: they were both Numenorians, after all), even though they are clearly in the minority here! <br /> <br /> The big flaw in this photo will always be the fact that it was an unfinished project, with a bizarre vocal comment that ended with an attempt to resolve the issues. A shame; it would have been interesting, to say the least frustrating, to see what Bakshi intended to do with Shelob and Minas Tirith, no matter the dead ...
