With the release of Peter Jackson's famous "Lord of the Rings" trilogy, it is even easier to dismiss Ralph Bakshi's 1978 film, Lord of the Rings, as inferior. I agree with the majority that Jackson's trilogy is the essential film adaptation of Tolkien's work, but that doesn't stop me from enjoying Bakshi's ambitious pioneering effort. Jackson has admitted that he received at least some inspiration from seeing Bakshi's film and there are some clear similarities between their adaptations. <br /> <br /> The colorful and picturesque backgrounds of the film are excellent and the score is memorable. I was largely satisfied with the characters' drawings. The pairs of Pepin and Merry and Eowyn and Galadriel are mostly indistinguishable from each other visually, the Balrog and the Treebearer were not impressive, but these points didn't bother me much. However, the Nazgul are rightly designed and made quite disturbing. The only representation of the character I was annoyed was Sam's; it was made to look incredibly stupid. <br /> <br /> This film is new for its animation techniques. In addition to the hand-drawn characters, the live actors are incorporated into the animation through rotoscoping. It is quite obvious which characters are hand-drawn and are rotoscopied, but nevertheless I discovered that the style of the film was a novelty. The use of live rotoscoped actors for the battle scenes was a good decision and helped these scenes turn out well. <br /> <br /> Dubbing was generally of high quality. Particularly good was John Hurt, who provided an authoritative voice for Aragorn. Aragorn is not my favorite character in the stories, but in the voice of John Hurt he was my favorite character in this adaptation. My other favorite was William Squire, whose voice is appropriately strong for Gandalf. The only actor who seemed inappropriate was Michael Scholes in the role of Sam, whose dubbing was irritating and added to Sam's unfortunate image. The only other annoying part of dubbing is the false pronunciation of the names of the characters and places. Particularly strange was the decision to have Saruman often called "Aruman". <br /> <br /> In producing this film, Ralph Bakshi expected to have the ability to produce two films. Thus, this film contains about half the story, from the beginning of "The Fellowship of the Ring" to the end of the battle of Helm's Deep in "The Two Towers". The obvious consequence of this is that the story of the film is a very condensed version of the story taken from the books. I like original stories and more in-depth adaptations, but the freedoms taken to compress the story didn't bother me, not even the choice to leave Arwen out of history. Enough of the key elements of the story in this film to keep me engaged for the duration and there was also a novelty in being able to go through half the story of the Lord of the Rings in 132 minutes. The battle scenes were impressive and in particular the march of the orcs and the battle at Helm's Deep were tremendous. <br /> <br /> Ralph Bakshi's version of "The Lord of the Rings" is not perfect and undoubtedly a number of Lord of the rings readers complain about the plot cuts. However, for me the drawbacks of this film were less than the thrill of seeing an effective adaptation of half of a large trilogy. My only strong complaint is that I am unable to see the second part of this "first great fable" from The Lord of the Rings because Bakshi was not given the budget to create a sequel.
