I am fond of this film and it torments me that so many "reviewers" classify it below the Peter Jackson trilogy. A filmed novel is always interpretative; in particular an animated film is based on the artist's vision and should be judged according to its own terms. Speaking as a purist, this is a finer tribute to Tolkien than the updated version. While this film has its flaws, it remains more true to the source, especially with regard to the characters. <br /> <br /> In Jackson's version, Tolkien's Frodo is barely recognizable: from the earliest scenes he is portrayed as a weak, constantly wavering, manipulated by the forces around him and never standing on his own two feet ( this is physically and metaphorically true). You wonder why fate chose this soft cookie to bring the ring to the Cracks of Doom. Jackson unforgives Tolkien and robs Frodo of his best moment when he allows Arwen to save him from the Ringwraiths ... Bakshi's version respects the original, presenting a Frodo asking for ghosts "Come back and don't bother me again ! " Bakshi supports the character of Frodo as Tolkien conceived it. We see his decline when the burden of his burden increases. Frodo is so fundamental to the Lord of the Rings that you wonder why Jackson took such liberties (he does so with numerous characters) because the character's development pushes the plot to its inevitable conclusion. Bakshi's film better explores the company between Legolas and Gimli in some sensible scenes that are completely missing from Jackson's version. Similarly we see that Boromir rides with Pippin and Merry, promoting the idea of ​​friendship. For my taste the camaraderie is more developed in the animated version than in the live action. <br /> <br /> Tolkien's poetry is an important ingredient in the novels and Bakshi pays tribute to this in one of my favorite scenes: when Frodo sings the song "Merry Old Inn", a few minutes before stumbling into Strider. The cheerful melody is juxtaposed to the darker theme music when a few seconds later, invisible to his friends but visible to the ghosts, Frodo is dangerously exposed. This is one of the most suggestive parts of the film and makes me shiver every time I see it. <br /> <br /> The well-documented budget / time restrictions limit the final impact of this film but if it were completed it could resonate with more viewers. As it is, it's worth a look. Even his detractors admit that Peter Jackson drew much of his inspiration from this prototype.
