Godard once said that one way to criticize a film is to create one, and probably the strongest type that could be made of Ralph Bakshi on the magnum version of Tolkien, the Lord of the Rings, was made by Peter Jackson. The recent trilogy, for me, is not even a total masterpiece, but it is given enough space for each book to be able to breathe in all the postmodern techniques crossed by the classic narrative to make them very good and ample entertainment. <br /> <br /> But as one who has not read the books, I now end up considering the two versions, live-action (even if partly animated in its great visual effects) and animated (even if in part with actual live action as a picture) in relation only to the basic story, not even complete loyalty to the books. And with Bakshi's version, it's not quite right in a way, because what we see is not really the complete vision, not what Jackson really had (probably a final cut). Robbed of the great climatic race in the history of Return of the King, and with the other two parts that hurried, I ended up appreciating it more for what it did within its limits, even if as these same limits make it disappointing . <br /> <br /> Even what is interesting, having first seen Jackson's films, which I also regret having reacted differently when I was younger and before five years ago, is that the basic elements of the history have never been messed up. All that is really necessary to tell the story of Fellowship of the Ring is actually practically intact, and if anything probably more gigantic and epic in Tolkien's book will have a certain clarity in this section. The actors who play the parts of the hobbits and other heroes are more or less adequate for the parts, with some parts that stand out (John Hurt as Aragorn and William Squire as Gandalf). <br /> <br /> The lack of further characterization ends up making things seem a small value for those who have not even seen the other films or who have read the books and cannot put them in context. But there is a certain level of interest always with the characters, and here there is a more ancient feeling in the midst of the great aura of being more. This is not a garden variety - adaptation warts and all, this is a Bakshi film, with its roots of underground animation that clash with the mythical world of Middle Earth. <br /> <br /> And what Bakshi and his animation team bring to the film is one that ends up giving what's on the screen, in all its short form, its appeal or miss appeal. In addition to not being completely complete as a film or as a story, the form of the film is an experiment, to see if something can be entirely rotoscopied. The results end up bringing what now seems to be retro, but at the moment, of course, it was something that was crazy and crazy inspiration from the directors. Could it have been better with a more traditional drawn animation? In some parts, yes; it becomes a bit obvious, as in the case of Bakshi's American Pop, that the main characters move in a way that is a bit shaky, like a sort of comic book shape made in a different way. However, there is a lot that I admired in what was done. <br /> <br /> Orcs, for example, were really fantastic in a surreal environment. They are perhaps the best part of combining animation at the top of live-action, especially during parts where there is no battle footage (this is really the real hit-or-miss section, since there is no continuity from the good and bad rotoscoping), and the chiaroscuro arrives with great horse shapes. It's creepy in a good way. And the backgrounds, even if very rough and sometimes too imprecise, are beautiful with mixtures and color explosions together. It's almost something for art film fans as much as for ringtones. <br /> <br /> So how would I recommend this animated version of the Lord of the Rings? I don't know, actually. It is certainly a good notch above Tolkien's other animated film I have seen, the Hobbit (and I have yet to see animated ROTK), and there is real artistic talent. There are also a few dialects, a segment of two towers too hasty with the most intriguing character that Gollum has reduced to perhaps two scenes in all. And seeing something so fragmented only ends up reinforcing the completeness of the most recent films. <br /> <br /> If you are a fan of the books that contemplate verifying it, I'd say it's worth it, even if it's one of those possibilities in which you look for forty minutes and then decide whether to stop it or not. As for editing in the other Bakshi films, I saw that it is an ambitious and questionable undertaking, in which, as with Lynch's Dune, it is intended to draw a dark line, similar to a mordor in the sand among those who passionately hate and those who don't. I do not.
