As a 1978 animated film, this is pretty good - generally well above the level of days when Disney hadn't done anything good over the years (and Tolkien didn't really care much about Disney anyway). He gets important points for the work of innovative and careful cameras, applying cinematographic techniques with relative success. The much criticized rotoscoping works really well, especially with the Ringwraiths and the initial narrative. However, it is so drastically used - probably as a technique to save money - that it takes away the overall effect. The same technique that makes spectral and otherworldly spectra is not going so well in Prancing Pony. <br /> <br /> As for the plot adaptation, it's actually pretty good. We lose small pieces here and there, small details like the Old Forest and Tom Bombadil, the Gaffer and the Sackville-Baggins. We compress some characters, such as the review of Legolas as a member of Elrond's family and an old friend of Aragorn, but this is a rather wise decision for the film. In the books you have room to include references to the vast world of the Elves and the vast history of Middle-earth. In the film, I exchange it for images and sounds that convey the same elements in a different way. Nothing critical is really lost here, and although I have little quirks about some of the changes, I'm generally quite happy with it. <br /> <br /> If only rude writers could remember the name of Saruman - he is often referred to as Aruman, a decision probably made to make him more distinct from Sauron by the similar name; it took me a second look before I was sure I hadn't misunderstood it. It is also annoying that Boromir is a bloody and irritable stage from the start. However, Gandalf is excellent, and most of the rest of the voicework is excellent. If only John Hurt wasn't too old to play Aragorn; I love his voice. <br /> <br /> Of course, with the film ending at the midpoint of the story, there is a great disappointment incorporated. What makes it far worse is the very unhappy work done by the Rankin & Bass crew in the sequel. That they were allowed to return the king after slaughtering The Hobbit remains a huge mystery; they seem more interested in bad songs than in correct narration. For all his faults, the heart of this film is solidly in place and tries very hard to achieve an almost impossible task. I can only hope that the next series of films remains true to his vision ...
