More than twenty years before Peter Jackson's visionary adaptation of The Lord of the Rings, there was this animated effort in 1978 by director Ralph Bakshi. An ambitious and reasonably faithful version of history, sadly sadly somewhat blurred by Jackson's trilogy. In fact, many reviewers here on the Alden (especially those who first saw the most recent version) seem to be fiercely rude to this version ... but if you apply a little common sense and consider the moment in which was made and the technical possibilities that existed at that time, then they will realize that this is a pretty good film. In fact, shortly after seeing this animated film in the early 1980s, I searched for Tolkien's book and immediately became a fan for the whole life of these rich adventures of Middle-earth. So, in some respects, I owe this film a certain degree of recognition as the film that has forever shaped my literary taste. <br /> <br /> Sauron, the Dark Lord of Middle-earth, forges an almighty ring that gives him incredible power. After a great battle during which Sauron is defeated, the ring falls into the possession of a king named Isildur ??. but instead of destroying it, he madly chooses to keep it. For centuries the ring passed from hand to hand, eventually coming into possession of a hobbit named Frodo Baggins who lives in a peace-loving community known as The Shire. Frodo learns from a magician named Gandalf that his ring is actually The One Ring, the same one that was forged by Sauron all those centuries ago, and that his master is once again looking for it to restore his power dark over the whole earth. Frodo embarks on a perilous journey to protect the ring with three other hobbit companions, but at each step of their way of being hunted by the rings of the spectrum of Sauron, the Black Riders. Many adventures follow, during which a company of nine adventurers is formed to guide the ring to the only place where it can be "undone"? Mount Doom, in the land of Mordor. The film ends with Frodo and his best friend Sam on the edge of Mordor, closing in ever closer to their terrifying destination. Meanwhile Gandalf and the other members of the company fight a huge army of orcs in the legendary fortress of Helm's Deep. <br /> <br /> This version covers just over half of the original book. A second episode was planned to complete the story, but unfortunately it was never completed. While the ending is suddenly heard, at least it ends at a reasonable point in history. You must feel a little frustrated and regret that there is no sequel in which we could follow these animated heroes towards their final goal. The animation is passable, with a good variety of places and characters presented in interesting details. Leonard Rosenman's music is appropriately moving and appropriately adapted to epic fiction. Even the voiceovers are decent, especially John Hurt as Aragorn and Peter Woodthorpe as Gollum. On the other hand, Michael Scholes - who provides the voice for Sam - is rather campy and goofy, which is not suited to the character. The Lord of the Rings is a commendable attempt to visualize the puzzling book on which it is based.
