There is no doubt that HG Wells is the most influential writer of the 20th century. Jules Verne has some pretense of being the father of science fiction, but his stories were more adventure stories that used wonderful inventions as plot devices. Wells was profound and brought subtext to his stories. Perhaps his greatest legacy is that there is little evidence if people believed in life on other planets before the 20th century, where now many people, including Richard Dawkins, consider it a near-certainty. There is no proof of this and obviously one cannot help but wonder that Wells introduced this human thought? Undoubtedly it was Wells who planted the seed. <br /> <br /> THINGS TO COME was adapted by Wells himself from his novel. It is rather obvious, however, that he is unable to distinguish between the technicalities of writing novels and writing scripts. The dialouge is often heavy, heavy and unconvincing. One case in particular is the two pilots of opposing sides who discuss the nature of the war "Why should we kill each other." Because this reflects the criticism, the almost contempt that Orwell had of Wells in his essay Wells, Hitler And The World State and it is true that Wells' anti-war message is painfully exaggerated. It would be impossible to believe that a conversation between an RAF pilot and his opposite number in the Luftwaffe a few years later said that it is absolutely fascinating to watch a 1935 film that includes a world war that takes place in 1940 and announces the end of civilization. There is a surprising and bewitching imagination when a child beats a drum while a ghost army marches in the background and the collapse of society and the fear of The Wanderng Sickness are wonderfully realized. Even the rather lazy plot to show the year of the setting has a compelling nature. These are the images that make this film together with the soundtrack by Arthur Bliss that makes the film so memorable. And to be honest, Wells asks the question "The universe or nothing. What should it be?" In short, this is a film whose flaws are easy to forgive
