The first two parts try to reduce the rise of expensive wars and the domination of nationalist barbarians to absurdity. The third part hypothesizes that progress and exploration towards the moon and beyond are the key to ensuring a meaningful use of talents and human resources. He has speeches that some viewers reject as naive or bizarre but that make others quiver with excitement. It depicts a space gun / launcher and a helicopter, along with imaginative mass communication devices, elevators, flat panel displays and wireless intercoms. Probably not correct for buildings with no windows in the future. But he interprets a childish vision of an infinite scientific / technological research. For me, it looks like a film about a group of rational thinkers guided by Spinoza's morality in their quest to immortalize themselves and live ethically through scientific progress and a unified world government. The pro-progress characters (like the two Cabals) believe that humanity can 'live forever' by preserving our experiments and progress for future generations, always standing on our humanity as if they were on the shoulders of giants. <br /> <br /> Arthur C. Clarke (author of 2001: A Space Odyssey) suggested this film to Stanley Kubrick as an example of an excellent science fiction film. Kubrick hated him and said he would never watch another film based on Clarke's suggestions (source: Clarke's special millennial introduction to his 2001 novel). Although the late Clarke continued to suggest it at the top of his list whenever someone asked him about the best science fiction films. It has a beautiful artistic design by Menzies, but mediocre special effects (especially toy tanks). Personally I loved it and I think it captures the spirit of modern times in an excellent way. It is a bit naive about the plausibility of creating a society without crime for a long period of time. It also seems implausible on the inevitability of progress. It seems to me that we could easily return to the dark ages or at least become so stagnant in science that we could kill ourselves through overpopulation or through our inability to escape the next great natural disaster. But it well describes the importance of taking risks against the indignation of the population and the nurse for potential threats of space and dead accidents. It challenges us to choose the side of progress over small desires for safety, comfort or happiness: <br /> <br /> CABAL: "Too much (rest) is too early, and we call it death. But for the MAN not rest and without end: he must go on, conquer beyond the conquest, this small planet, his winds, his ways and all the laws of the mind and of the matter that hold him back, then the planets around him and finally through the immensity towards the stars And when it has conquered all the depths of space and all the mysteries of time - it will still begin. "<br /> <br /> CABAL:" If we are nothing but animals - we must take our little shreds of happiness and living and suffering and passing, no matter what all the other animals do - or have done. " {Indicate the stars.} "Is that - or this? The whole universe - or the nothing ..." (quotations from the script). <br /> <br /> If it sounds like a rationalization for Dedicating the whole society to progress, the council members (of the world government) will seem technocrats. But in reality those "technocrats" allow their citizens to become artisans or pursue other passions freely, and should be suppressed by government bans, laws against science and experiments and other mandates and restrictive uses of power that would transform their critics in tyrants. <br /> <br /> In fact, a huge group of rebels in the plot feels diminished by all the scientific and technological developments of the council, so they try to stop progress and end the freedom to experiment with the council. However, the progress-oriented council will not suppress the rebels' freedom of speech, preparing only its "gas of peace" in times of emergency and simply desiring freedom and space to continue its progress. <br /> <br /> So it's also a story about the freedom to do science, as much as the marvels of progress. Many people in our society would actually agree with some of these basic premises, except in cases of social prejudice (many want to ban cloning, for example) or naturalism (some don't want us to progress freely, and rather we would simply become extinct in due time while being a slave of the earth) or fear / reason (some believe that we are not ready for advanced science / technology because we could destroy ourselves). But Cabal (the president of the council) has an answer to the problem of danger: "Our (scientific) revolution has not abolished death or danger, but has made death and danger worthy" (screenplay).
