H. G. Wells in 1936 had passed its peak and his surviving books were long gone. He was coming to the end of his life and found himself facing his dream turned sour. At the beginning of the 20th century he defended the idea that the world was condemned because the evolution of species, natural biology, on the one hand, and Marxism, on the other the market economy, were necessarily leading to the victory of the most weak the strongest due to the simple criterion of the number. The weakest were the mass of humanity and the minority elites were stronger. He therefore defended a strict eugenic policy with the elimination of all those who in one way or another weakened the human race. First of all the non-Caucasians, with the sole exception of the Jews who would disappear thanks to mixed marriages. Then, in the Caucasian community, all those who were not healthy, alcoholics, mentally disabled, all those who were genetically disabled, etc. That wasn't Hitler. That was H.G. Wells and it was not after the first world war. It was over ten years ago. And twenty years before the First World War he had published The Time Machine which defended the idea that the human "race", left to itself and due to the wider cosmological evolution of life on earth, saw the differentiation of the human "race" in two "species": the working class would become a laborious underground species and the bourgeoisie would become a kind of inactive surface. The point was in the novel that sophisticated and weak unused surface species were prey to other species that were predators. Wells was convinced that humanity was in danger and that politicians should stop this evolution by imposing a strict eugenic policy. The first countries to follow this injunction were the Scandinavian countries which were also the last to let it fall only very recently for some of them. The film here proposes a vision of 2036 with an absolutely dictatorial world government in the fact that there is no election, no parliament, no truly democratic institution, only the peace imposed by military conquest, and the government is dominated by one man or the other a man and his few advisers. And in that future world everything, absolutely all human beings are Caucasians. Wells was able to imagine that humanity was completely white by 2036. Incredible. Wells had foreseen a kind of rebellion, but it would have been short-lived and would have led to nothing. The last sentences are the vision of this white civilization that conquers the entire universe while contemplating the sky and its stars and planets. Frightening. And it was produced in 1936. And all the more frightening since we find the slightest mention of Hitlerism, fascism, Japanese imperialism or Stalinism. But it is essential to have that film in a good restored edition because it is essential to have a complete vision of H.G. Wells. We are obviously very far from the Brave New World of absolute "democratic" social selection, or the Animal Farm of the dictatorship of the pig proletariat, or 1984 of the abstract mediated dictatorship of Big Brother. This vision is at least as terrifying as the other three. And I just want to compare Wells with the British science fiction writers of his day. It would be unfair to go further. This reveals that in England in these first three decades of the twentieth century there was a tremendous fear among intellectuals: the fear that the future would only be dark, gloomy and in the form of an impasse of some kind. <br /> <br /> Dr Jacques COULARDEAU, University Paris Dauphine, University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne and University Versailles Saint Quentin en Yvelines
