The message of a world on the brink of war is ignored by the masses; the mythical city of Everytown in 1940 represents England in general, but could also represent a nation of the world. When the war finally arrives, the devastation will continue not for another five years, but until 1966, when Everytown is completely destroyed. The addition to the desolation and toll of humanity is the "wandering disease", a pestilence that continues for another four years. <br /> <br /> "Things to Come" balances both a vision of the fatalistic and futuristic world, where science holds hope for a reborn civilization. The concept of "Wings Over the World" is a bit trivial, although the Cabal spokesperson (Raymond Massey) is resolute in his mission and dedicated to his cause. If it fails, the others will follow. This message is continually reinforced throughout the film, convincingly brought home to Massey's end-of-film address. The insatiable need of man to test the limits of knowledge and results requires a "whole universe or nothing" mentality. <br /> <br /> The images of the film on automation and the machines in the second half are reminiscent of the great silent film "Metropolis". While Everytown is rebuilt and transformed by the year 2036, the spectacle of the revival of the city strikes an agreement of resonance, since the architecture of today's modern cities suggests that the prophetically prophetic vision of the film is coming to fruition. Where the film is wrong about sixty-seven is the man's first mission to the moon, but in 1936, a hundred-year calendar probably seemed more legitimate than 1969. <br /> <br /> "Things to come" is one of the those rarities in the film, a photo that makes you think. On which side will you descend, the forces to advance in the face of uncertainty or maintain the status quo? It is not a comfortable question, as both choices offer inherent dangers and unknowable results. Those who choose to be spectators risk being overwhelmed by forces beyond their control.
