"THINGS TO COME" kWRice Movie Review <br /> <br /> Here is another science fiction film full of wonders from another time and place. It's a film that I've only seen in truncated parts, but art should be taken as a whole. I experienced this film as it was designed, in a darkened theater, on a silver screen, with rotating film reels and an audience to share it with. This audience and I were impressed with this movie! A woman who survived the Second World War was suffocated by the devastated devastation of the war and filled with the positive ending, even if it was mushy. <br /> <br /> The things that caught my attention from the beginning were the initial credits. The first thing we see is "H.G. Wells" in bold copy block very similar to the "Superman" of the past. It is not the title of the film, but the title of the creator, and before any other human being, such as actors or production, are listed, director William Cameron Menzies is up there! Who? You've probably seen his work, "Around the World in 80 Days", "Pride of the Yankees" and "Gone With the Wind". He didn't direct after the epic science fiction he and Mr. Wells created, but his images, sets and film design are very recognizable. <br /> <br /> That image is very effective. I recognized the images of many other films, which paid tribute to this classic. The recent "Galactic Guide for Hitchhikers" is obvious, along with Bugs Bunny, "Fantasia", "Monty Python and the Holy Grail", "Captain Sky and the world of tomorrow", "The night of the living dead" and more Lo I know, but what titles escape me. This is a real special effect, the scenes now performed with CGI are made with actors, large sets and detailed models. This film was made in 1936 and it is obvious that it meant something to other authors. Wells and Menzies have also worked with Bliss, making music, and Korda, the producer, to create a masterpiece with messages, warnings and sermons. <br /> <br /> The lines of Shakespearean actors Cedric Hardwicke, Ralph Richardson and Raymond Massey speak, sometimes it sounds preaching, but I also heard some lines that I still hear now. "These toys that children have today do not resemble anything from when I was a child", "It will help develop their coordination", "What do we need books for, what do we need to read?", "We do not need machines, there is nowhere to go, we have everything we need right here "," There will be no war ". But there is war! The naive citizens of "Everytown" refuse to see the literal writing on the wall. The endless war explodes on Christmas Eve. The kid who wants to be a good soldier like his dad is an image that will probably always stay with me. This is the 1936 world that brought blinders to Hitler's appeasement. This war does not end. The poison gas of air wars passes to the second act. <br /> <br /> It's another dark age. No government, no service, and people carried on and applauding the war that nobody remembers anything. Plague, warlords and bullying to fly planes in search of fuel that no longer exists. The loved ones are killed on the street, before they can bring the plague to another. Halfway there is a wonderful cartoon on the Rolls Royce, which is a much needed break halfway. This is where a futuristic plane lands that heralds the future. <br /> <br /> That future is the third act. The world has rebuilt itself with the help of that "petty animal, man". Helicopters fly in this movie, before they were invented. The Plumber's Helper has other uses than those of Dalek or Glenn Miller. Large-screen plasma screens that seduce the masses and orators who incite people to destroy everything. "Beware of concussion, you have been warned!", The town's father warns the tumultuous population. So, I warn you, this movie could hit you like it hit me. There are some beautiful mistakes and miscalculations, but the thought that causes idealism is what really deserves to be rethought, and I want to see this art film again. Others criticize Mr. Wells' vision. It is very easy to work with the sense of 20/20 regarding things, customs and foley mistakes. I believe that Mr. Wells's "Things to Come" are not about things, but actually relate to concepts, social trends and philosophical ideals. Furthermore, we are now just beginning the new millennium and we are not in the time to come. This is not a cheap cartoon, the British Science Fiction, but it's worth going to the Epic Filmed Opera, without singing, which as a whole overcomes some little dated imperfections.
