I must admit a slight disappointment with this film; I had read a lot about how spectacular it was, yet the current futuristic sequences, the Age of Science, occupy a small part of the film. The sets are excellent when we get to them, and there are some amazing images, but this final sequence lacks too many other greetings ... <br /> <br /> Very much the best drama of the piece is in the mid section, and then it sounds like a melodrama, deriving from the sci-fi nature of "high concept" of all this and from insufficiently robust dialogue. In this part there is much more human life, with the great Ralph Richardson gloriously navigating over the top like the little dictator, the "Boss" of Everytown. I loved Richardson's mannerisms and the abrupt delivery of lines, excluding the presence and ideas of Raymond Massey's confident and confused visitor. This Boss is a seductive and convincingly disappointed figure, incapable of realizing the small-frying nature of his kingdom ... It's not a great role, but Richardson makes a lot of it. <br /> <br /> Everytown itself is supposedly meant to be England, or at least a fairly representative English city of England. The complete absence of any religious aspect of things was interesting; the "things to come" seem to revolve around a conflict between warlike barbarism and a belief in science that seems to have little final purpose, but only to go on and on. There is a belated attempt to raise some arguments and tensions in the last section, concerning a more personal "life", yet one is quite dissatisfied. The film does not have much interest in subtle complexities; it's for the show barnstorming and for the blunt and frank morality, every time. And, of course, he remembers the end of the covered bet: Raymond Massey is making lyrics about how uncertain things are! <br /> <br /> Concerning the question that the film is a prediction: I must say that it is not bad at all as such, considering that it is obviously possible that it is impossible to get the details of life in some way. The greatest conceptions have something for them; a war in 1940, well, maybe it was predictable ... For almost 30 years, mind! A nuclear bomb - the "super gun" or such a device - in 2036 ... A technocratic socialist "we don't believe in independent nation states" - like government, in Britain, after 1970 ... Hmmm, unfortunately nowhere close on that, guys! ;-) No real politics is over here which is a real shame; all that emerges is a commendable anti-war sentiment. In general, it is assumed that the dictatorship, both from the point of view of the fascist fates, as under the Cape, and from all-to-hand-pomp scientific socialism, will be * the agreement *, and these implications are not addressed. .. we must remember that in 1936, there was no knowledge of how Nazism and communism would come out - or even how they were going to end - the lack of consideration of this seems mild beyond the scope of the vision of the directors on other issues. <br /> <br /> Most of the previous things should - and could - have been cut in my opinion; only the shorter 1940s material would have been necessary, however this segment tends to be quite ponderous, and it is long before we come to the Richardson-Massey parts. I would have liked to have seen more done with Margareta Scott; who is just a little skeptical, who cuts a Mediterranean figure with flashing eyes for a negligible purpose. The character is not explored, nor explained or exploited openly, except for a scene that I will not ruin, and his relationship with the Boss is not explored; but then it was the 1930s, and then there was widespread institutional censorship. Edward Chapman is slightly amused in his two roles; even more in the first as unfortunate, praying for war, only to be abruptly put down by another Massey character. Massey himself helps things a lot, playing his parts with a mixture of moderation and dark taste, contrasting well with a widely suspicious cast, except Richardson, and Scott and Chapman, slightly. <br /> <br /> I would say that "Things to Come" is undoubtedly a very extraordinary film made in Britain in 1936; one of the few British science fiction films to date, indeed! Its design (piece) and the exploitation of resources are ravenous, wonderful. <br /> <br /> However, the script is ultimately overly honest and sometimes everywhere. The direction is prone to flatness, although sometimes it increases a panoramic gear or two. However, the director of photography and Mr. Richardson really save things; respectively creating a sense of awe amazed at technology, and a compelling, jerky performance that constantly lets itself be fooled. It is a pity that there is so little substance or true filmic conception about the whole thing; Powell and Pressburger would have been the perfect directors to take on a job like this - they are unparalleled among British directors as bold visual storytellers, great helmsmen of characters and merchants in first-rate dialogue. <br /> <br /> "Things to come", as it is, is an intriguing oddity, worth writing, but far from a "Metropolis" ... It is very "silly", in the words of Wells, like that film by Lang, yet with nothing like the surprising strength of it.
