This first science fiction masterpiece by Herbert George Wells with the music of Arthur Bliss is a powerful film. Adapted from the slightly different work of the author of Wells, he presents a look at the human future with the theme of the periods of war as periods of "peace". The structure is that after a couple of episodes of conflicting normality and the collection of war clouds, the script allows the war to happen. Two families, the Cabells and the Passworthy disagree about what might happen; Passworthy has a confident view of the "automatic" progress of civilization; Cabell is the thinker, the doubtful. Their Everytown city - obviously London - becomes shipwrecked by a war characterized by tanks, a magnificent Bliss war march and the end of civilization. The second part finds the people who live in the remains of what had been the city under a "Boss", played with skill by Ralph Richardson, whose woman, the beautiful Margaretta Scott, is charming as a dreamer because he is a concrete dictator. He is trying to rebuild the old planes of World War I so he can attack a nearby hill tribe to complete his petty kingdom; a young scientist complains that his work has continually interrupted aircraft requests - etc. this is Wells's comment on the war against progress. Survivors are also subject to a plague called "The Wandering Sickness". Enter a modern flying machine driven by Cabell of the first section of the film, now part of Wings Over the World, a Coalition of international scientists who are planning to end the war forever. This modernist fit for flight has fascinating conversations with the Boss and his woman, their attraction is obvious; then Boss sends his plane against them, scientists arrive with a huge number of planes and drop the "Gas of Peace" on the ruins of Everytown. Only the Boss dies, fighting too hard against pacification. The film therefore shows that the mineral was extracted and that slow steps were taken in the beams of a magnificent and futuristic city of towers. In the third section, a future Cabell discusses with a passworthy future on the morality of human science. Passworthy wonders if they have the right to send men to the moon; Cabell supports the right to human progress and the need to expand their horizons. Son of Passworthy and daughter of Cabell, astronauts are sent. Theotocopulos, a religiously minded Luddite, makes a fiery speech on a big screen in the Forum of the city and leads an attack on the "space gun" which consists in launching the new rocket free of the Earth's gravity. The culmination of the plot is the successful launch of the space gun; the epilogue and the end is a speech by Cabell that praises the value and science that is universally considered the most profound defense of the mind ever written. "It's the whole universe - or nothing!" Cabell says Passworthy. "What will it be?" Like Cabell, Raymond Massey offers perhaps his greatest performance on screen; he is thoughtful, compassionate and reasonable, a true scientist. Cedric Hardwicke is the perfidious and powerful nail that wants to end the Age of Science. Edward Chapman, who plays Passworthy, admirably impersonates the voice of convention and fear. The plot is logical, often beautiful and always interesting. Given the near extinction of humanity, the idea of ​​a civilization run by reconstruction scientists is plausible and credible for the viewer. This is a triumph for the director, William Cameron Menzies, for Bliss and for all those interested. Listen to the dialogue with someone you love; within its built limits, this is the drama of a thinking man who discusses two possible human futures: progress or its reactionary opposite.
