I was just a child in arms when George Lucas was thrilling the world with his saga of this world that told the adventures of young Luke Skywalker and the infamous Darth Vadar, but even today, 20 years later, I can appreciate the genius of Lucas and of the incredible the imagination with which he was blessed. In A New Hope Lucas showed a new way of telling stories while presenting us with such memorable characters as the brave Princess Leia, the Rougish Han Solo and the lively Luke Skywalker, as well as the most beloved of the villains, the sinister Darth Vadar. In The Empire Strikes Back he did everything to show us that special effects can add a story and succeed in something that nobody thought they could do on the screen. He made a film without a specific ending or beginning and went down for a prize. Return of the Jedi is the perfect end to a saga that will stand the test of time. <br /> <br /> When The Empire Srtikes Back ended with the wrapping of the lovely Rouge Han Solo in Carbonite to be delivered to Jabba the Hut and the young Luke who moved away from the discovery of a terrible truth about his father left us with the feeling that things were going from bad to worse. Vadar seemed to have won the day. How did we ask that the rebels could ever recover from this blow? In the incredible and captivating final chapter of Lucas we are held on the fringes of our seats from Han's courageous rescue from Jabba's palace to the final final battle over the Death Star between Luke and Vadar while Luke fights between the fulfillment of his Jedi duties and fighter rebel. and trying to awaken the good he believes is still in the soul of his Father. <br /> <br /> Old friends like Lando Calrissian and the amiable Chewbacca gather for a final battle to end all battles as a new dark plus the dangerous enemy emerges in the form of the emperor himself (played from the brilliant Ian McDiarmiud. How he lost an Oscar is a mystery.) desperate to turn Luke into Dark Side, even if it means betraying his apprentice Darth Vadar. All in black with his red eyes, his white disfigured face and his sinister laughter is indeed a terrifying addition to the story and is the undisputed master of the events taking place. His new and improved Death Star raises disaster for the rebels, but the brave group launches a last-ditch attack to end the reign of the Empire. <br /> <br /> Lucas has managed to incorporate three different stories at once and keep the action going so the audience is riveted. We look with excitement as Han and Leia attempt to bring down the shield around the Death Star from the Moon forest of Endor with the help of some adorable Ewoks (who I really don't think they take from the movie. Provide a kind of respite from the tension of the battles at in the Death Star) and hampered by legions of Stormtroopers and Imperial Officers. We root for Lando and the other pilots as they face the imposing Imperial Fleet and risk their lives and limb flying into the Deatn Star to destroy it once and for all. And we watch with bated breath as Vadar and the Emperor try to turn Luke into the Dark Side while he in turn tries to bring his Father back. <br /> <br /> But for me the most difficult and compelling battles is that going on to Darth Vadar. For ROTJ it is a battle of emotions and feelings. Vadar is trapped between his loyalty to the Emperor and the Empire and his paternal inclinations towards Luke. I never thought that a mask could show emotions but some - like you can't not see the confusion and pain on Vadar's face during the final scenes while the Emporer lights up Luke. There is more depth and emotion for Vadar than I thought a villain, especially another machine that man could have and which I think is what makes it so accessible. He is in conflict. The apprentice as much as the Master. The victim as well as the villain. Without ruining the end, Vadar's final scene is the most touching and wonderful of the trilogy. <br /> <br /> So in conclusion, what can I say. George Lucas is the master of the Saga. Star Wars is the most compelling and compelling Sagas I've seen in a long time and I haven't seen another rival Saga yet. The return of the Jedi has all the ingredients necessary to provide the final of Lucas's masterpiece. It's action, suspense, romance, tragedy, redemption, joy all united in one and it's memorable characters, wonderful special effects and captivating music make it both a great movie in its own right and a finale that Lucas can be proud of.
