Ok, my title is a bit lame, and it almost sells this short. I remember seeing Siskel and Ebert in '94 talking about this movie, and then playing a couple of clips. Not being a rap-aware guy (although I could identify the music of Snoop Dogg, Vanilla Ice and MC Hammer), I wasn't really interested when they started talking about the movie. But then, S & E showed the scene in which the band explains how they chose their name (using a "shadowy" logic and a series of "invented" facts), and then another scene in which the band and the their rival bands both visit school to promote engagement (and, of course, NWH has "information" on how the rival band leader is a loser because he got good grades at school and was on the yearbook committee). So I filed it to watch this movie. <br /> <br /> A couple of years later, this thing appeared on HBO and I recorded it, just to kick my ass for hours. Yes, it has a "Spinal Tap" style to it ... even the documentary takes essentially the same "tone" in the setting of the clips, and the band follows a similar path (what I now call "Behind the Music" "phenomenon - the smalltime band has a good chemistry, it becomes famous, too much money too fast, quarrels, drugs, some kind of death, the band breaks down, then reconciles, ending up with hope for other albums in the future, and fades into black) "The only thing that is true is that in Spinal Tap, you take the band perhaps with a little more success in their past. But Tap drags in some places, and in my mind it is reduced to laughter that are set by specific scenes. Oh, this is his outburst on the food behind the scenes, this is where he wants the amp to go to "ELEVEN", this is where the guy does the life-size stonehenge, etc ... <br /> <br /> In contrast to FoaBH, which seems to have more "unexpected" humor and some, but there is not a great setup for every joke. Sometimes, the jokes just flow. Cundieff and the other actors in the band had a real chemistry that worked. Furthermore, direct references to Vanilla Ice, Hammer and a group of other caricature-style rappers worked really well. This seems like a movie that you look at once to get the main story and laugh, and then go back and look to catch the subtle jokes. And the songs. Is "My Peanuts" better than "Big Bottom" (from Spinal Tap)? I don't know - but they're both damn funny. Tone Def's terrible video during his "awakening" phase is so bizarre, yet so funny. <br /> <br /> I could go on a bit, but save time and don't waste it on CB4. I saw the first half hour and I got bored. You never get bored with FoaBH. There are slightly less fun moments, but you can never tell when something good is about to happen. Perhaps my favorite scene is when Ice Cold and Tastey Taste (the name snatches if I've ever heard of it) discover that they have shared the same girl ... at one point, you have those two cannons aimed at each other and the next thing you know, the manager, the photographer, the girl, and I think Tone Def is in the room pointing the guns at each other, changing targets back and forth. And, of course, someone gets hit. <br /> <br /> I found it strange that the managers of NWH suffered similar fates from the Spinal Tap drummers (although no one burned spontaneously, I don't think). There were enough similarities that I can't ignore the likelihood that Cundieff saw "Spinal Tap" before writing this film, even though this is clearly much more than the Spinal Tap of hip-hop. There are some similarities, humor is different, and the film looks more like a real documentary (perhaps because we don't recognize a single actor in this thing, not even the guy who played "Lamar" from "La vendetta dei nerd"). All in all, this film has, in my opinion, "street cred". Kind of like NWH.
