For me this film is the weakest film in the original Star Wars trilogy, for a variety of reasons. However at the end of the day a winner emerges, despite all his faults. It is still a very good film, although much of its quality depends on the characters that were created in the 2 upper episodes. <br /> <br /> A problem here is the appearance of the film, which is not very consistent with the other 2 films. I put a lot of it at the departure of producer Gary Kurtz. The first two films have that dirty look, lived with all the technology and so on. In "Jedi" on the other hand, even the rebels seem to have just come out of the shower and have dried their uniforms. This makes a film much less structured. Even the creatures were too silent and mute. At this point it seems that the filmmakers were more concerned with creating models for future action figures than with the quality of the film itself. <br /> <br /> Another aspect is its lack of originality. Where "Star Wars" created a new experience in cinema and "Empire" took us to alien worlds of swamps, ice and clouds, "Jedi" has slightly rechecked the locations of the first film. First we went back to the desert planet Tatooine, and then we are looking at them in front of another death star (maybe the emperor couldn't think of anything new ... but you thought Lucas or Kasdan could do it). We also have these ewoks, which are really hideous homemade teddy bears, in a recycled version of what should have been the big wookie-fight at the end of "Star Wars" if they didn't run out of cash. It looks just like a lazy building. <br /> <br /> The most unfortunate aspect of "Jedi" for me is the weak management of the Han Solo character. While it is at the center of the plot of the first 2 films here is fighting for the time on the screen, exchanging a ship with the droids. Instead of a real drama, we are blocked by the insipid fiction that Han is still convinced that Leia loves Luke - as if the conclusion of "Empire" where he confessed his love for him had never happened. Everything is very elaborate and barely conceals the fact that the character of Solo was not part of the central plot of the film after his rescue. Ford, for his part, seems bored and lacks the style that distinguishes his previous performances. This is more like a Ford performance from the 90s, bored and looking "above" the film itself. Fisher for his part is visibly tall in some scenes. Lando, an interesting character introduced in "Empire", is stuck here as the apparent person we care about in the gigantic space battle. Only Hamill, given an interesting development in Luke's character, is really able to do something new or interesting with his character. He was probably the only main actor in the film whose work he still cares about. And to be honest, the script gives him much more to do than the other characters. It's actually his story and the other characters are just there as part of the package. Ian McDiarmid does an excellent job as the Emperor. The film would have sunk if it was too over the top (as sometimes in new films). <br /> <br /> Visually and in terms of effects, apart from the "clean" aspect of everything it is difficult to find fault. Jabba is a very effective animatronic character, one of the most elaborate ever built. The space battles towards the end are very impressive. <br /> <br /> Ultimately this film extends to the success based on the achievements of his ancestors. But alone, it's a satisfying piece of entertainment and IMHO far superior to any of Lucas's later productions.
