Brian Yuzna is often frowned upon as a director for his bloody plagues of blood, but the truth is that his films are not really bad at all. The sequels of Re-Animator are not as big as the original, but they are still worthy of horror sequels. Return of the Living Dead 3 is the best in the series; and society is not a world far from being a masterpiece of surrealist horror. This thriller is certainly not a masterpiece; but it shows Yuzna's eye for horror in an excellent way, and the plot moves in a way that is always electrifying and engaging. I'm really surprised that a horror film about dentistry didn't arrive until 1996, since going to the dentist is almost a primordial fear: it's running away from a tiger for the modern world. Dentistry does not scare me, but surprisingly; I seem to be in the minority. The plot follows the perfectionist dentist Dr Feinstone. He has a beautiful home, a successful career and a beautiful wife - pretty much everything most people want. However, his life takes a bad turn when he discovers his wife's relationship with the pool cleaner. And his life is not the only one; like his patients who feel the weight of his anger ... <br /> <br /> When it comes to scaring the public, this film really does. However, the merit must go to the director to extract the entire fright share from the central theme. The fact that he does a good job is summed up by the fact that I'm not picky about going to the dentist - yet one particular scene made me cover my eyes! The film follows the standard man who becomes a crazy plot, only with The Dentist you always have the impression that there is much more in the film than what we are seeing. It is not very often that a gore film can impress on the level of substance - and while this will not win any prize, the parody of the upper class is well tied to the plot. Acting, while class B, is actually quite impressive; with Corbin Bernsen in the lead role and doing a good job of convincing the public that he really is a man to the limit. I should thank Brian Yuzna for choosing Ken Foree in the film. The Dawn of the Dead star doesn't have enough work and I really like seeing him in the movies. The rest of the cast doesn't impress massively, but everyone does their job quite well. Overall, The Dentist offers a refreshing change to the slasher films of the 90s. The gore scenes are sure to please horror fans, and I don't hesitate to recommend this movie.
