The dentist begins the morning of Dr. Alan Feinstone (Corbin Bernsen) and the wedding anniversary of his wife Brooke (Linda Hoffman). On the surface Mr. & Mrs. Feinstone seems to have a good life, a beautiful home in Los Angeles and has a successful career with responsibility but underneath it is very wrong. Alan discovers that Brooke has a relationship with Matt (Michael Stadvec), the pool cleaner, to add to his humiliation, Alan then discovers that Matt is also having sex with Paula Roberts (Lise Simms), one of her neighbors and on top all in all the IRS, who is breathing his neck, owes a lot of money. Alan begins to lose his head, he is convinced that everything is decayed and rotten, just like his patient's teeth, and it's up to him to solve it. That morning at work he starts to get his frustrations and anger on his patients, before he hurts a young boy named Jody (Brian McLaughlin), a sexual assault is a patient named April Reign (Christa Sauls) after hallucinating that she he is his wife and deliberately performs an unnecessary and painful procedure on another. Alan also starts taking drugs because he loses it completely and goes into murder starting with his adulterous wife and pool cleaner ... <br /> <br /> Directed by Brian Yuzna I thought The Dentist was a good movie and I tried something a bit different. The screenplay by Dennis Paoli, Stuart Gordon and Charles Finch is more of a psychological thriller than a drastic slasher that surprised me as I expected the latter, it would have been easy to make a teenage slasher film like Friday 13 (1980) with a high number of corpses and a cunning evil dentist, but what the dentist turned out to be very different. The Dentist is the heart of a study of the character of a person's descent into madness and does a good job even though I said that I'm not sure what he is going through is a sufficient justification for his subsequent murderous actions. He moves at a good pace, has a beautiful narrative in which I liked the constant connection that Alan makes between the decay he sees in his patients and the decay he sees in the world around him and it's a fun way to spend 90 odd minutes . It goes without saying that anyone who has a phobia about the dentist should probably give it to someone or you will never do it again! I also liked the ending where the tables were shot, I won't say anything else ... <br /> <br /> Director Yuzna does his usual good job here, in fact I don't think I saw a Yuzna film that somehow I didn't like him, he obviously and predictably take the opportunity to play on our fear of the dentist with some nice sets of dental tortures including pulling people's teeth out, sexually harassing them, doing drug operations and torturing people with the dreaded drill dentist. There are also other scenes of cold blood, a dead dog, someone gorily cut with a knife and cut the tongues. Yuzna gives the film a certain style on what was probably a low budget, he likes to tilt his camera that creates some nice angles and I liked the shot where the camera is on top of someone being stabbed and huge splashes of splattered blood on the floor in a wide viewing angle. <br /> <br /> Technically The Dentist is a discreet film, music and production film, although some of the special effects of make-up seem a little unconvincing. The acting is quite strong by all those involved with Corbin and who have behaved well. Ken Foree's always cool and favorite genre becomes Detective Gibbs one of the best in Los Angeles. <br /> <br /> The dentist didn't come out as I expected and so much the better, if you're a horror fan and maybe you want something a little different, then it's worth a try. I liked it and I think it's definitely worth a watch.
