The Dentist is really a good thriller. And rather disturbing. I think we can all agree that the chances of running into a psychologist dentist are much greater than running into monsters, vampires or zombies. This is exactly why this movie is so scary. During this movie, you will probably think of your dentist a couple of times. If he is capable of doing things like that ... it is better to pray that his wife does not betray him. Here's what the story is about. A respected dentist in Los Angeles shoots when he finds out that his wife is cheating on him with the pool boy. (It must be the largest profession in the world, by the way. Poolboys always takes advantage of housewives when her husband is at work.) From that moment our dentist, Dr. Feinstone, can only take revenge. He can no longer concentrate on his patients and a couple of them get hurt. Things are no easier for our dentist when he is chased by an annoying tax inspector, a curious policeman and his own suspicious member. At some point, Dr. Feinstone can't take it anymore. Now it is not only after his wife, but after all those who approach him. The dentist is written and directed by Brian Yuzna and written by Stuart Gordon. You can take it as a recommendation to yourself. These 2 people have already given us some great horror films (and personal favorites) as Re-Animator, From Beyond and Society. With the dentist, they once again succeed in bringing a fun and very chilling thriller. This film arrived in real time. The decade has not brought us many great horror films so far. I'm not at all saying that this is a masterpiece, but it's a nice change. Corbin Bensen is as big as a dentist obsessed with hygiene. I remember him above all as a comic or dramatic actor, but he can certainly manage a psychotic character. The rest of the cast also does a good job. The woman who plays Feinstone's wife is really attractive. Also, it was nice to see Ken Foree recite again. The actor of my favorite movie of all time Dawn of the Dead plays the cop in this movie. Yuzna also chose him in Da Oltre, 15 years ago and I thank him for it. I don't recommend this movie to everyone (if you have a weak stomach, I suggest you skip it) but if you look at it, you'll like it a lot. You will be disgusted ... but this is one more reason, I think. It's been a while since I was really crazy watching a movie. It's an exceptional subject to handle in the genre and Yuzna does it exceptionally well. Too bad this film was followed by a completely useless sequel. My humble opinion on the dentist ... 8/10
