I thought ROTJ was clearly the best of the three Star Wars movies. I find it surprising that ROTJ is considered the weakest piece in the trilogy by many who voted. For me it seemed that ROTJ was the best because he had the deepest plot, the most suspense, the surprises, the most exciting (especially the ending) and certainly the most episodic film. Personally, I also really like the Empire Strikes Back, but I think it's slightly less good than ROTJ since it was slower, it wasn't so episodic, and I didn't feel as much suspense or emotion as I did with the third movie. <br /> <br /> It also seems to me that, after reading these amazing reviews, the reasons why ROTJs are a lower film than the other two are simply ridiculous and are insignificant reasons compared to the pure excellence of the film as a whole . I have heard many strange reasons such as: a) Why Yoda died b) Why Bobba Fett died c) Why the little Ewoks defeated a band of stormtroopers d) Why was Darth Vader revealed <br /> <br /> I'd like debunk each of these reasons because I think the point is completely missing. First of all, WHO CARES if Bobba Fett is dead ??? If George Lucas wanted him to die, he wanted him to die. Don't get me wrong I'm a fan of Bobba Fett, but he made some cameo appearances and it wasn't Lucas's intention to make him a central character in the movies that Star Wars fans made it possible. His name was not even mentioned anywhere in the film ... You had to go to the credits to find out the name of Bobba Fett !!! Judging ROTJ because a minor character is dead is a little too I think ... Secondly, many fans don't like Yoda to die. Of course, it was a memorable time in the film. I wasn't happy to see him die, but it makes the film more realistic. All good guys can't stay alive in a realistic movie, you know. Otherwise if ALL the good guys lived and ALL the bad guys were dead, this movie would have been equivalent to a Saturday morning cartoon. Another aspect in this regard of people who do not like Yoda's death .. Well, no one complained when Darth Vader hit Obi Wan Kenobi in A New Hope. (Many consider the best of the trilogy a new hope) Because Obi Wan's death went well, but Yoda is not ... hmmmmmmmmmmmm .... Another reason I can't believe was because people found Ewok nice that oppressed the stormtroopers to be impossible. This is absolutely ridiculous !! I can not believe it !! First of all, the Ewoks are on their native planet Endor, so they are aware of their land of origin since they live there. If you look closely at the movie, many of the tactics used by the Ewoks to defeat the attackers were the excellent use of their advantage in the field. (Since you lived in the forest all your life I hope you would have learned to use it to your advantage) They had screws, ropes, swinging trunks mounted to make those walkers and other traps stumble. The stormtroopers were highly disadvantaged because they were in numerical minority and were not aware of the advantages of the forest. The only thing they had was their blasters. To add, it was not as if the Ewoks were fighting against the same stormtroopers, they were heavily assisted by the rebel band in that conquest. I thought that if the stormtroopers had defeated a combination of the heroes of Star Wars, the rebel band, as well as the huge Ewoks clan with great familiarity of their territory, would have been a great disturbance. Finally, if this scene was still unbelievable for you .. How about Empire Strikes Back or A new hope in which there were SEVERAL scenes from a group composed only of Han Solo, Chewbacca and the Princess, who were struck by like ten stormtroopers and all their blasters missed while the heroes were in full view !! And not only that, the heroes, of course, have always struck Stormtroopers with their blasters. Soldiers must have a VERY, VERY bad goal then! At least in Empire Strikes Back, the Battle of Endor was much more credible as two armies clashed with each other not 3 heroes against a stormtrooper legion. You do not believe me? Control the battle in Cloud City when our heroes flee Lando's base. Or when our heroes were saving Princess Leia and were shot at (somehow lost) while Han Solo and Luke were trying to get out of the Death Star. <br /> <br /> The last reason I'm interested in discussing (others are just too ridiculous for me to spend my time here.) is that people didn't like Darth Vader being revealed! Well, in many ways that was an important part of the film's plot. Luke was trying to find out whether or not Darth Vader was his father, Annakin Skywalker. It would have been disappointing if the film had ended without Luke seeing his father's face because he had made it complete. With the revelation of Annakin it symbolized the transition that Darth Vader underwent from being possessed by the dark side (in his helmet) and the good person who was Annakin Skywalker (removing the helmet). The point is that Annakin is dead converted back to the light side and this is the meaning of the helmet removal scene. In fact, that's what I would have done even in that scene if I were Luke's father ... Isn't that what you would have done if you wanted to see your son with your own eyes before he died and not in a mechanized helmet? <br /> <br /> On another note, I think that an unconscious or conscious unconscious among most people is that the sequel MUST be worse (although it is better) that the previous films are another reason so ROTJ doesn't get as many awards as he deserves. I never go to a movie with that deception in mind, I always try to get into a movie with the attitude that "Well, it could be better or worse than the original .. But I can't know for sure .. Let's see." this way I go with an open mind and I don't forget to think that a clearly superior film is not as beautiful as it really was. <br /> <br /> I'm not sure who criticizes these films but, I asked many college and adult students about their favorite Star Wars movie and everyone tells me (except for one person who said that A New Hope was their favorite) which is ROTJ. I believe the results of these polls are frightening and rather misleading. <br /> <br /> In conclusion, the return of the Jedi was the best in the trilogy. This film was the only one of the three that kept me pinned during its 135 minutes. There was not a dull moment because every scene was full of suspense, exciting, surprising, or all of the above. For example, the emotional battle of the lightsaber between Luke and his father in ROTJ was better than the one in the Empire strikes again every day !!! <br /> <br /> Finally, I hope people will go see the Phantom Menace with an open mind because if fans start looking for nitpicky, insignificant details (or see it as "just another sequel") to trash the film as "This movie sucks because Luke is not in it!" then this meritorious film will become another spectacular film that will be the object of derision like ROTJ unfortunately suffered. <br /> <br />
