I remember this film especially when I was a teenager, my best friend was telling me all about this movie and how it scared her as a child. Of course I'm the bloodthirsty girl I am, I had to go out and find this movie. Now I don't know how to put it without losing credibility, so I'll say it, I really enjoyed watching this movie! I know it's stupid, not the best story and beyond bloody and creepy, but that's what I was looking for and The Dentist offers scares, blood, sex and crazy psychopaths. Sometimes I just need a funny movie like this to let me go and suck. <br /> <br /> Dr. Alan Feinstone is obsessed with order and cleanliness. On his wedding anniversary day, he discovers his wife Brooke having sex with their lousy pool man, Matt. At his dental practice, the first patient of Feinstone's day is the young Jody Saunders, there for his first dental appointment. Feinstone starts cleaning Jody's teeth. At first everything goes smoothly, until you imagine that Jody's teeth are brown and rotten. His dental pick slips, stabbing Jody into his gums. Jody's mother picks up her crying and bleeding baby and leaves in anger. Feinstone sees his second patient, beauty queen April Reign. Only with April, Feinstone seduces her with nitrous oxide so she can fill a cavity in one of her molars. While losing himself in unconsciousness, Feinstone imagines that he has turned into his wife. He starts kissing her and caressing her in the dentist's chair, then starts to choke her. April starts coughing and wakes up halfway through the gas. Feinstone leaps from his trance and quickly reconnects April's blouse. Feinstone decides to end the day early and sends his staff and his patients home. Later that night, Brooke meets Feinstone in his study. Reveals his new room for Italian-themed patients. Encourages Brooke to try the dental chair in the room. When he does, Feinstone ties her to the chair and seduces her with nitrous oxide. With lyrical music playing in the background, he starts to pull out Brooke's teeth. Feinstone has freaked out and will surely not leave anyone in his way of being clean. <br /> <br /> Honestly, as silly as this movie may seem, I had a great time watching The Dentist. The best scene is undoubtedly when he teaches that ugly IRS agent a lesson in hygiene that I'm sure he will never forget. Dude, I don't think I brushed my teeth so much after seeing The Dentist. Yes, I warn you, this film is in no way for the faint of heart, it's very bloody. There are stabs, gunshots and just these brutal dental torture scenes that will make your stomach turn. Yet, somehow, I just enjoyed this movie, if I ever want just a good gore movie made for real horror fans, I put it in my DVD player, and that's the LOL "tooth"! I'm so funny! Er, yes, I try, give me some credit. <br /> <br /> 7/10
