After witnessing his wife (Linda Hoffman) engaged in sexual acts with the boy from the pool, the already unstable dentist Dr. Feinstone (Corbin Bernsen) shoots completely, which means deep problems for his patients. <br /> <br /> This delightful seed - original and fun horror film by director Brian Yuzna was a welcome change of pace from the usual horror film that passed out in the late 1990s. Even though "The Dentist" is meant to be a little funny film, Yuzna ensures that the film offers the shocks and emotions that many more serious films try to dispense. Despite somehow suffering from the lack of background on the central characters, and thus allowing events that should have been done for a couple of days, the film is intriguing, generally well-scripted and well structured that allows the viewer to keep the interest, even during the most ridiculous of moments. "The dentist" sometimes suffers from dragging but unlike the much lower sequel of 1998, there are only sporadic uninteresting moments, and in general the film follows pleasantly. <br /> <br /> Corbin Bernsen was very convincing the role of the sadistic, deranged and perfectionist Dr. Alan Feinstone. The way in which Bernsen is able to credibly recite his lines, especially regarding the cheating and immorality of sex (in particular fellatio), is nothing short of wonderful. While many actors may have trouble portraying a psychopath obsessed with cleanliness without it being too vulgar or ridiculous, Bernsen really does seem to adapt to the personality of the character he tries to portray and makes the film even more enjoyable. Had ?? The Dentist 'was not meant to be a funny, almost comic horror film, Bernsen's performance would probably have been much more powerful. Unfortunately, the rest of the cast (including a pre-reputed Mark Ruffalo) failed to perform very well and although the film was not really damaged by this, the stronger performances could have added more credibility to the film. <br /> <br /> ?? The Dentist 'is not a horror movie that needs to be taken seriously but it is definitely fun, especially (presumably) for cheesy horror fans. Those who became annoyed by the number of clones of "Scream" (1996) of the late nineties could very well find this refreshing change, as I did. A rarely boring and generally well structured script as well as a certain mastery of management helps make "The Dentist" one of the most enjoyable horrors of cheese of the 90s. Furthermore, we are presented with some particularly realistic and complex scenes of tooth torture, which should make all the gurus happy. Far from perfect but far from evil, ?? The Dentist 'is a film that is worth watching at least once. My vote for ?? The Dentist '?? 6.5 / 10.
