The main theme of this Dirty Harry is that revenge is a dish best served. Sandra Locke is as cool in this film as she is beautiful. Locke is an "8" normally, but, with a deadly gun in his bag, "armed" for the bad guys, he goes up to "10". Having been raped by a gang, along with her younger sister, Locke, like Jennifer Spencer, tried to block the attack of her life as best she could. His sister, however, is almost in a coma because of the trauma, so the memory is never far from her mind. One day, Jennifer sees one of her attackers on the street in S.F.; she buys a gun, follows him to a bar, lets him take them, then when they are alone in her Cadillac, they start making love, she shoots him ... once in her genitals, once in her brain - - this in opening scene !! You must love this spunky lady. It has its straight priorities. Furthermore, Jennifer is a professional artist, putting all her anger on canvas UP TO NOW. After performing his first perp, Jennifer looks curiously at Det. Insp. Harry Callahan elaborates the new crime scene after the body was found in the body. Then, he insults some creepy teenage boys who are pissed off on the streets, visits his sister in a nursing home, then hunts in Sao Paulo, California "on the coast" where the rape event took place years ago . With more bullets in his suitcase and more resolution in his mind, our heroine relives the rape in his head with vivid memory as he approaches the execution of every subsequent rapist. It is not uncommon for us on the right, when it comes to condemning or executing a violent criminal, not to be sad about his own miserable humanity, REMEMBER the CRIME and the SUFFERING he has inflicted. These recalled events guide Jennifer to pull the trigger on each of her attackers - once in the genitals, once in the brain. Throughout the film, Jennifer's revenge scenes are interspersed with a good movie, THE 'Dirty Harry blowing away some gangsters in a bar, recalls "Go ahead. DO my days."? Later, he threatens to get on a punk kid (who just insulted Callahan) in a court lift as if he had stepped up to the dog ** t ... leaving a young female government employee staring at Clint as if to say "I want to have your baby". My favorite scene is only about 30 minutes into the action, when Harry threatens and scares a murderous mafia boss named Threlkis in a fatal coronary during his niece's wedding reception at the Mark Hopkins hotel. Michael Grazzo (Pantangeli in Godfather II) does a marvelous job as the Mafia Don sinner, even if he is alone in one scene, dying very convincingly. However, Harry's problems are not over yet! The elevator's punk band and Threlkis's henchmen attempt to assassinate Harry in two close-up scenes, and most of them end up dying horribly. Yes, some of the firearms look like a senseless violence on the screen ... it seems as if Clint the Director was tired that day to shoot this movie. But there are only so many ways you can send a man with bullets. Punk children die much more creatively, even if they both burn to death and drown in S.F. Bay. It warms my heart With so much violent intent directed at Insp. Callahan, his bosses send him to Sao Paulo to try to make some history on the "22 caliber of vasectomy" while Jennifer Spencer's crime is now known, but not before Harry brings one of his famous sermons to the devil. liberals. Love that Harry. While our hero annoys policemen and local citizens in São Paulo, two other murders happen, the same young lady, on a lazy fisherman lazy and on an equally disturbing hardware entrepreneur. Then Harry meets Jennifer! They both agree on topics like Law and Order, Making the Guilty Pay, etc. Could a hot love scene soon be in sight? We are led to believe just that. Characters abound in this Real-Man meets Real-Woman's crime drama, and we meet an unfortunate editorial called Raye Parkins who is both irritating and funny. Raye invented Jennifer's rape for her "boyfriend" years before, and will eventually take it. The São Paulo police chief, played by Eastwood's reliable co-star Pat Hingle (the suspended judge in "Hang Em High"), is strangely at odds with Callahan's investigative work on 22-cal vasectomies, until we find out that his teenage son was one of the gang of rapists. Just like Jennifer's sister, the son of Chief Janning is now an adult in a coma, but maddened by guilt. It can't end here, though. The dam raping boyfriend, Mick, now an extravagant villain of a criminal, enters from Las Vegas because Raye dropped a coin on Jennifer, summoning him to São Paulo to avoid further executions. Mick sleeps at Raye's house, but his timing is completely wrong, and he is arrested before he can spend more time with Raye, mainly because he was sent to the Isle of Eternal Lesbians by a blow from Jennifer's gun. Psycho Mick finally makes a bail, with Jennifer shooting him. A desperate chase follows, while Harry tries to prevent these two from killing each other. In the end everything will be fine, with the good girl and the good guy walking together at sunset along with a beautiful blues song by Roberta Flack.
