Despite the feelings of most "Star Wars" fans, in my opinion "Return Of The Jedi" is the biggest film ever created. From the first time I saw it, the depth, the intensity, the special effects and the moving story overwhelmed me. The film has been so well put together that it has been able to stand the test of time for the last 20 years. Full of powerful action, like the culmination of the original trilogy, George Lucas gives us a compelling end to the "Star Wars" saga in "Jedi". <br /> <br /> Film summary (contains spoilers for those who have not seen) <br /> <br /> After "The Empire Strikes Back" we leave ourselves suspended for 3 long years and finally we find the end of the story in "Return Of The Jedi". Darth Vader, in emotional turmoil, surprisingly visits a new incomplete Death Star to supervise its construction. The Emperor is seen for the first time in this film because he has the final plan to destroy the Rebel Alliance and bring the young Luke Skywalker to the Dark Side. Luke, Lando, Leia, Chewie and the droids all travel to Tatooine to save the frozen Han Solo from the crime lord; Jabba the Hutt. After Han was saved, and Jabba defeated, Luke returns to Dagobah to find a dying Yoda where he learns the horrible truth; Darth Vader is actually his father. Rebel heroes regroup with the rebel fleet. Now joined by other species and races including the Mon Calamari the Rebels must make an all-or-nothing attack plan to destroy the Death Star before it is completed. While Lando heads the space attack in the Millennium Falcon, the rebel heroes must disable the Death Star shield generator on Endor's Moon Forest. This is where the rebels take place on the furry, but powerful Ewok. During the tough two-part battle, a third battle must take place when Luke willingly surrenders to Vader in an attempt to convince him to leave the Dark Side. In emotionally charged sequences, Luke has to face his father while the Emperor attracts his dark emotions. While young Skywalker is about to face his death at the hands of Palpatine, Vader lights his evil master to save his son's life. <br /> <br /> Full of a profound timeless story of good and evil, "Return Of The Jedi" is a spectacular film, full of emotions that redeems good in all of us.
