When this film was originally released, it was promoted with the particularly un-creative slogan "Dirty Harry is back in the game". Whatever is lacking in originality is more than offset by its total and total accuracy. "Suddenly Impact" preserves all the aspects that made Dirty Harry's three previous films such a tight rhythm, a compelling storyline, strong supporting characters, an endless shooting and dry humor. Some of these elements are not only preserved but amplified - this is easily the darkest, crudest and most openly right part of the franchise. <br /> <br /> The plot is somewhat intriguing: after killing a ridiculous number of hooligans, Inspector Callahan is sent on a "vacation" forced by his superiors to the sleepy coastal city of Sao Paulo. It has the task of investigating the background of a recent murder victim who was shot in the genitals before being put out of his (doubtless considerable) unhappiness by a second blow to the head. At the beginning of the film, the public is made aware of the identity of the killer - an artist by the name of Jennifer Spencer (Sondra Locke) who is hunting down the thugs who raped her and her sister in a fun fair about a group ten years ago. This incident is shown in a very disturbing flashback, fragments of which recur before each new murder. As other bodies begin to appear with the same M.O, it becomes clear to Harry that both the local police chief and his new love interest (guess who?) Know more than they are saying. To make things even more complicated, the rapists of the past realize who is chasing them and start hitting hard. <br /> <br /> "Sudden Impact" offers relentless action from start to finish. Clint Eastwood himself directed this film and skillfully handles a series of pieces that culminate in an exhilarating climax. Sondra Locke's performance effectively transmits the mixture of ruthlessness and fragility that defines her character. That being said, it is questionable whether another actress (who at the time was not Eastwood's partner) could have given more charisma and dramatic weight to the role - with the mind of Theresa Russell and Cybill Shepherd as possible candidates. Supporting cast members who significantly affect their weight include Albert Popwell as Harry Horace's partner, Paul Drake as the psychopathic Mick and the real scene villain Audrie J. Neenan who plays the evil Ray Parkins. <br /> <br /> However the film has some major problems - some of the subplots (the animosity between Harry and a band of twenties thugs, Mob's revenge against him) take up too much time on the screen and they don't really have any bearing to the greatest story. Their only real use is to increase the number of corporals to absurd levels. In the first half of the movie it sometimes seems that Dirty Harry shoots people more often than he should use the bathroom. However, the film moves at maximum speed as it proceeds and the triangular game of cats and mice between Callahan, Spencer and its former tormentors assumes importance. This second hour makes it clear that a more bare and slightly reoriented script would have given "Sudden Impact" the potential to be a first-class neo-noir thriller that could have taken the series to new heights, but would have contained anyway more than enough .44 heroic magnums to satisfy Harry's loyalists. Instead, we get the film that Eastwood and Warner Bros. clearly wanted to do - a superbly executed 1980s action movie that mostly refuses to specifically challenge the intended audience's intelligence. <br /> <br /> This was by far the largest box office in the series and it's not hard to see why. Although it is not the film that could have been, this is still great fun. Even after repeated visions, it will make your day.
