In Don Siegel's 1971 masterpiece, "Dirty Harry", Clint Eastwood embodied the super-tough and super cool unorthodox cop-cop, with his role as the homonymous "Dirty" inspector Harry Callahan. Two sequels followed, the first of which, "Magnum Force", repressed the delightfully politically incorrect attitude of the first that had offended many critics but thrilled the audience. The second sequel, "The Enforcer" was gray again, and was promoted as "the dirtiest Harry of all". This title, however, really belongs to the fourth film in the series, the "Sudden Impact" by Clint Eastwood, which is undoubtedly the ugliest, the ugliest, the most violent and most dirty of all Harry's films, and, in my humble opinion, the second - better after the original of the masterpiece. <br /> <br /> *** Attention! SPOILERS forward! *** In a small town near San Francisco, a mysterious sexy lady (Sondra Locke) attracts men to be alone with her. What these men don't know is that the mysterious beauty is their former rape victim, who wants a bloody revenge. As fate wants it, the toughest cop in San Francisco, Inspector Dirty Harry Callahan, who was suspended again for making his superiors angry, spends his free time in this exact little town ... "Sudden Impact "is Callahan's dirtiest film in several aspects. The film is extremely gritty and graphically violent. Harry Callahan himself is dirtier than ever. Not afraid to use his 44. Magnum to stop the trouble, Harry treats the "punks" as they are treated and even allows a person to escape with several murders because the revenge killings are justified according to him. As always, Clint Eastwood is brilliant in the role of Harry Callahan. Eastwood represented the coldness and the bad mood as "Man With No Name" in Sergio Leone's Dollar Trilogy, and he did it again in Dirty Harry's movies. "Sudden impact" gives us the dirtiest Harry we've ever seen. Eastwood's real-life girl, Sondra Locke, fits very well into the role of vengeful beauty. The great Pat Hingle, who had already worked with Eastwood in Western "Hang 'Em High" by Ted Post in 1986, plays the police chief of the small town. The film also includes a wide range of really contemptible scribbling characters, including a pathetic criminal played by Kevin Major Howard (best known for his role in "Full Metal Jacket" by Stanley Kubrick) and a woman named Ray Perkins (Audrie J .Neenan), undoubtedly one of the most disgusting and despicable female characters ever in the cinema. Albert Popwell, who played the bank robber in the famous "Do You Feel Lucky?" also the scene in "Dirty Harry" and the black leader of the militants in "The Enforcer" are again part of this, this time as a colleague and friend of Harry. Overall, "Sudden Impact" is the most gritty, dirty and probably the most violent film of all "Dirty Harry" movies (although "The Dead Pool" is not really that good), and my second favorite after the brilliant original 1971. Absolutely not to be missed by Callahan fans, and highly recommended to all lovers of crime thrillers and bad cinematic cinematic. My vote: 8.5 / 10
