Clint Eastwood would return to being detective Harry Callahan, tired of the battle, but he would also direct the fourth entry in the series "Dirty Harry". "Improvise" again like the other additions, it brings its distinguishable style and tone, but if anything it is probably the most similar to the original in its darkest and darkest moments (and gives a classic line "Go ahead. Prepare my own day ") ?? but some of his moods must be seen to believe. A bulldog ?? called meathead who pisses and farts. Oh yeah. However, an interesting fact about this item was only one of the series for not having set it entirely in San Francisco. <br /> <br /> The story follows that of detective Callahan who tries to put together the pieces of a murder in which the victim was shot in the groin and then between the eyes. After having had some problems with the superiors of the office and having caused a sensation that has some delinquent delinquent ladies after his blood. He is ordered to take leave, but falls into a job where he heads for a coastal town of São Paulo, where a murder occurred in a similar way (bullet in the groin and between the eyes) in his case. There he starts digging up dirt, which leads to the idea of ​​someone seeking revenge. <br /> <br /> To be honest, I wasn't all that hot on Eastwood, but after many repeated views it basically grew on me to the point of probably being on par with the first sequel 'Magnum Force'. This well-assembled plot actually gives Eastwood another angle to work on (even if it looks more like a sophisticated grip on the features of the vigilantes that are rampant at that time), rather literal with something punitive but damagingly harmful. It is as if he were experimenting with the noir-thriller touches with traits inspired by the characters to help develop the emotionally bubbly and the possible moral framework. His use of images is long-lasting, thanks to its disturbing atmosphere. Dark tones, meditative illumination ?? like the scene towards the end, similar to a western clash of a figure figure (Harry with his new automatic pistol of the 44) who makes his way to the stunned prey on the fishing docks. It's a show that creates fear! Mixing the obsessive cold with brutal brutality and a hint of humor. It seemed to come out. A great advantage of these films are the dialogues, while I would not call first-rate 'Sudden Impact', does it provide ample exchanges of bites and memorably credible lines? "You are a legend in your mind". You don't like to simply hear Harry awaken a funny joke before pulling out his piece. The action of beating when it occurs is excitingly strident and intense ?? the only way to go and the rhythm flies with little in terms of flat passages. Lalo Schfrin will return as a composer (after "The Enforcer" got the score of Jerry Fielding) bringing a funky methodical football, which however transmitted those dark signals to a texturally ventilated score that was taken from the beginning. Bruce Surtees (an Eastwood regular) the work behind the camera (in which he did a recapitulation work with "Dirty Harry") and gives the film a wide range of action by framing the backgrounds beautifully in some impeccable sensing scenes , but also with sharp instruments in those dramatic moments. <br /> <br /> Eastwood as the dinosaur Callahan still has a punch, going beyond the simple steel glow to finish the job and probably showing a little more heart than you'd expect from a Callahan more young. round of Harry's search for justice ??????????????????? ????????????????? even if he doesn't always agree. His traumatic turn of torment (being senselessly raped along with his younger sister), is hidden by a glassy intensity. When anger is released, it is tactically precise in its outcome. Paul Drake is perfectly threatening and dirty as one of the targeted thugs and Audrie J. Neenan lowers a repellent and sloppy performance. These people are really a bad group of sap. Pat Hingle is robust as the head of the small coastal town. In smaller parts we find Bradford Dillman and the pleasantly powerful Albert Popwell (a regular in the 1-4 series, but with different characters). How can you forget it in 'Dirty Harry' ?? Yes, he is a bank robber who is at the end of the citation of the brand "I feel lucky? Well, true, punk?"
