This final entry in George Lucas' STAR WARS films is often considered the weakest. However, this does not mean that it is an absolutely worthless item in the series. Rather. Of course, it's not as revolutionary as its predecessors and a little slower at times, but RETURN OF THE JEDI still offers a lot to guarantee the admission price. <br /> <br /> The first third of the film, where Luke and his friends save Han from Jabba the Hutt's palace, is a classic. Jabba, a really disgusting blob of swollen meat that speaks in his language, not only makes a great villain, but also a memorable one. It must have been a nightmare to build this puppet puppet, let alone give it the spark and the life we ​​see on the finished product. In fact, what makes this sequence fun is the clever use of puppets for the various members of the Jabba court, including the intimidating, oppressive Rancor and the frightening monster of Sarlaac. He masterfully builds up to his peak and throws his fists the whole time. <br /> <br /> Things get a little slower around the second act, in which Luca discovers that he and Leia are bound by blood and when we travel to the planet forest of Endor, home of the cuddly but courageous Ewoks. Most of the complaints about RETURN OF THE JEDI that I read seem to be centered on these furry creatures, as they somehow disturb the tone of the saga. I don't completely agree with this, even though this moment is probably played a little longer than it should. However, their leader, Wicket (played by Warrick Davis) is a delightfully memorable creation, and looking at how they manage the technology of imperial troops with their simple and natural weapons provides a nice contrast. <br /> <br /> At the moment we come to the third act, however, the rhythm picks up, as we switch between the battle of the Ewok against the troops, Lando and the rebel forces that launch an attack against the brand new Death Star completed in the middle of the empire and the final showdown of Luke with Darth Vader and the Emperor. The latter is linked to the sequence of Jabba Palace as the climax of the film. Mark Hamill once again shows his costume designers as Luke Skywalker in these scenes, and watching him as a fully mature Jedi Knight makes the performance unforgettable. Furthermore, as iconic as the voice of James Earl Jones in the role of Darth Vader, he is rivaled only by the crumpled and crone-like emperor, played by Ian McDiarmid with a delightful, scary and scary evil. The tension between this trio increases the excitement of this culminating moment, which is appropriately illuminated in a dark and threatening manner. <br /> <br /> STAR WARS films have always set the standards for special effects, and the technical work in RETURN OF THE JEDI can easily hold a candle to its predecessors. Space battles are hilarious as ever, and the speeder bike that chases the forest is a knockout. Of course, since this film was made after A NEW HOPE and THE EMPIRE STRIKES BACK, it probably shouldn't be so surprising that the special effects have reached an even higher level of excellence. Acting is the classic STAR WARS rate; Hamill, Harrison Ford and Carrie Fisher mature and deepen their roles, and Anthony Daniels offers more exhilarating moments like C-3PO. Frank Oz's Yoda appears only in two scenes, but takes full advantage of it. And yes, there is also the music of John Williams. <br /> <br /> All in all, while RETURN OF THE JEDI falters a little in the middle, the first and third acts deliver with style, making this a pretty satisfying ending for one of the greatest sagas of all time. <br /> <br /> In 1997, George Lucas released the classic STAR WARS in "Special Editions" digitally restored (and renewed), which included additional effects and / or shots as well as some improvements. Of the three, RETURN OF THE JEDI seems to have caused the greatest fuss with STAR WARS fans. Perhaps it may be due to the fact that the musical character of Jedi Rocks is a little out of place (even if amusing if he is not so easily offended) in Jabba's palace, which, although technically surprising, interrupts the flow of the film. However, I liked the final editing scenes in which we see the celebrations of victory occurring on the various planets of the galaxy. This version of DVD has even more tweaks - we can see more final editing scenes (in particular on Naboo, where we listen to what looks like Jar Jar Binks screaming, "Wesa free!"), And, in what is probably the more controversial change, Hayden Christensen as the specter of Anakin Skywalker in the final scenes. Probably due to the intense (and unfair) disdain of the fans for his somewhat shaky work in EPISODE II: ATTACK OF THE CLONES it seems inevitable that the fans would put this edition down for this alone. However, if you are looking at the STAR WARS saga in chronological order (and meditating on it), it is likely that you may react slightly differently. However, it's a problem that fans have raised, so it's probably better to be warned in advance. <br /> <br /> As nice as it is to have Lucas release the original versions of these three classic films, it nevertheless stands out from what he said about these revampings being the "definitive" editions of his classic trilogy, and, looking at the STAR WARS films as a complete saga (as foreseen by Lucas), it actually makes sense to keep them technically and acoustically consistent. The original films will always be engraved in our memories, but these new incarnations are just as fun, if you can give them a chance.
