"Sudden Impact" by director / star Clint Eastwood is an intriguing addition to the series "Dirty Harry" - a combination of rough film and genius. It is mediocre and silly in parts, brilliant and classic in others, with a compelling and compelling rhythm. There are numerous echoes of the first film here - the scene of the movie "Make my day" recalls the "You feel lucky", one of the villains is viscerally repugnant as the Scorpion of the first film, an actor who played a minor villain in the first come back here as Harry's partner - just to name a few. <br /> <br /> Harry Callahan still disagrees with the superiors in the department, still bad, still tough, but now he is older and more tired. His constant conflicts with his superiors are a metaphor for his inner conflict - a respect and reverence for the law against the desire to serve the pure spirit of justice, the two are not always compatible. This "incompatibility" is the common thread of the series. The first film posed a simple question: "And the rights of the victim?" - (exceed those of the criminal? Vice versa? depends?). The response of that film was controversial, which prompted a sequel (the very nice "Magnum Force") that set out to draw the line between Harry's trademark and the pure, senseless vigilantism. Dirty Harry, like many other Clint roles, is the personification of revenge, the protector of the defenseless. This film, however, brings him back to the victim, in this case Jennifer (played by Sondra Locke), who decides to avenge the rape of herself and her now incapacitated sister, ruthlessly hunting and ritualistically performing the men (and a woman) who committed the crime. <br /> <br /> Without going into a play-by-play of the entire film, I will say this - I said before that "Sudden Impact" echoes the first film - actually even in very few references and start lines of the entire series (the confusion concerning the captain's surname is an example - an intentional joke, I think). The relationship between Callahan and Jennifer is clean - did our criminal hero find a soul mate in this vigilant lady? And are you a vigilante or a victim who legitimately defends himself for you and for his sister's tarnished rights? The exchange between these two at the end of the film is a poetic epilogue of the series, which I personally (as a fan) found quite moving. Only this last scene makes Sudden Impact the legitimate culmination of the "Dirty Harry" collection, the perfect answer to the conflict in the first film. (Not to beat "The Dead Pool" - that excellent film was suspenseful-comic suspense but rather cheerful with Harry Callahan, rather than a film that defines the character as this). <br /> <br /> This film did well in the theaters - the audience in the Reagan era found Harry and his entourage rather enticing, and the President himself often quoted "Go ahead, prepare my day".
