It is strange to see a movie in which some scenes work rather weakly (at least compared to other films of his legacy), and others in a "sub plot" or in a supporting story are surprisingly provocative and strong. Suddenly Impatto is one of those cases, in which Clint Eastwood is the protagonist / producer / director who shows when he can be at his best, or his landlord of times when he deals with a crime / mystery / detective story in his fame of Dirty Harry. We get that 'make my day' line, and un-like in the first movie where his 'do I feel lucky' speech was playful and fresh the first time and the second time in the end as hard as nails, here it has changed. He enters another casino with the department, as usual, when he tries to fight crime 'his' way, particularly with a diner robbery (inspiration for Pulp Fiction?) And with a high-speed chase with an elderly bus. He was told to "take a vacation", and this is the last thing he has in mind. This whole main plot is not very convincing except for the expectation of the plot and the lines, which only adds frustration. But soon his story blends with the sub-plot that Eastwood develops from the beginning. <br /> <br /> Enter the character of Sandra Locke, Jennifer Spencer, who we will learn soon after some (appropriately) mysterious scenes that she and her shy sister have been victims of a cruel, unjust sexual assault (erring, openly rape ), and is elegant, under cover, revenge. His scenes and his story are the strongest parts of the film, the most intense, and finally when he enters the Callahan plot (he is gathering facts in the same small town where he is involved in a murder), the film finally finds a point reference between Eastwood's classic form of well-defined versus evil (though sometimes fuzzy, to be sure). Eastwood projects the flashbacks, not to say too much about them, with skill, in a new and experimental style; the Lalo Schifrin brand is totally atmospheric in these scenes and in others. It almost seems that a couple of times an art-house sensibility has crept into Eastwood's decidedly direct storytelling style, which helps make the film look watchable. <br /> <br /> It is a pity, however, that in the end it goes more for the points expected (or perhaps not discounted), and until the third act Callahan has not much to do except his usual 'is the blacksmith ... Wesson ... and I 'shtick. However, with Locke she gets a very good performance from her (more subtle and touching than the Gauntlet's) and an exciting climax in an amusement park. In a sense I do and disagree with Ebert's remark that it is like a "music video" in the style of Eastwood here. I admit that there are comparisons with the simplicity of both, the immediacy, but the scenes in which Eastwood breaks are superior to those of any music video. It's poor, it's difficult, it's not up to the first two images of "Harry", but hello, there could be worse ways to spend a couple of hours with the master of .44.
