After "Star Wars: a new hope" redefined science fiction and "The Empire Strikes Back" redefined "Star Wars", it's hard to believe that the third and final film in this trilogy manages to be as good as the other two, but this really does a good job. The first part of the film solves the cliffhanger left by the previous one, with an elaborate escape plan that is in tune with the incredible suspense and action of the first two films. Then the film returns to the rebel alliance and what is happening in the war. There is a lot of action in the scenes that build the final clash of the rebellion with the Emperor. When the battle begins, the audience is already on the edge of the seats from all that precedes it, and this final battle is even more intense than that of the other films. This climax is definitely more action-packed than any other part of the trilogy, with the most at stake for the rebellion. This is constantly changing between a land battle between the crew of ground rebel strikes (including Han Solo, Chewbacca and Leia), the enraged battle in space (including Lando) and a clash between Luke and the Emperor on the new Death Black, which leads to another duel with Darth Vader. It is really intense since the rebels seem to constantly lose the battle that will determine the outcome of the war, and there seems to be no escape. Although I think that the idea of ​​Ewoks that oppresses the attackers is a bit far-fetched, it didn't seem very unrealistic since they were more of a distraction than the rebels could use, rather than a real threat to the attackers, even if they were lucky he fights them. There is also a shot or two at the end that no one has seen coming, which may not be as surprising as that of "The Empire Strikes Back", but still complete a very spectacular trilogy very well. With the light tone of "A New Hope" and the more sinister tone of "The Empire Strikes Back", this film really completes them by combining the two in this grand finale. The special edition for "The Return of the Jedi" focused on what would have been nice to change, since not much of the original really needed it. Fifteen years of technological advances do not seem to compensate for fifteen years of deterioration with regard to the grudge scene, and there is still the TIE fighter who is disappearing, but other than that it was nice. At the mouth of Sarlaac, who was not threatening, they were given moving tentacles and a huge trap-head that popped up, which definitely increased the suspense. Furthermore, the discotheque was removed from Jabba's palace, and the lame ending of the original was replaced by a huge celebration of victory that runs through the entire galaxy instead of a small Ewok village, as in the case of the original and that doesn't really end a story as great as it deserved. It's hard to say which of the three films is the best, but since it's all part of the same story, the overall trilogy is like a great great movie. A THIRD must-see for movie fans.
