The vigilante has long fascinated the public, as it evokes a sense of rapid and safe justice; good triumphs over evil and the bad gets his deserts. It is, in fact, one of the things that made the character of Dirty Harry Callahan (played by Clint Eastwood) so popular. He wears a badge and works within the law, but in his heart, Harry is a vigilante, who satisfies "his" justice, which often puts him in conflict with his superiors, as well as the criminals he is pursuing. But it is what attracts the public; Anyone who has ever been mired in a bureaucratic nonsense of one kind or another delights in seeing someone cut the bureaucracy and get on with it - even if it's only on screen. And that satisfaction derived from seeing justice done - and quickly - is one of the elements that makes "Sudden Impact", directed and interpreted by Eastwood, so successful. In this, the fourth of the series, while working on a murder, Harry encounters a bona fide vigilante at work - an individual whose brand of justice is parallel to his, with one exception: whoever he is, surely doesn't wear a badge. <br /> <br /> In his inimitable way, Inspector Callahan ended up once again in the bad part of the department and was ordered to take some vacation time. It does so; as only "Dirty Harry" can. In a small town north of San Francisco, Harry finds himself in the middle of a murder case, which quickly links to a recent murder in San Francisco due to the exceptional MO. employed by the perpetrator. Inexplicable, Harry meets the resistance of the local police chief, Jannings (Pat Hingle), who advises him to take his tactics and the methods of his big city elsewhere. Not to be discouraged, however, Harry continues his investigation, which eventually involves a young and beautiful talented artist, Jennifer Spencer (Sondra Locke). Little by little, Harry discovers a connection between the victims; the burning question, though, is where does Jennifer Spencer fit into the picture? <br /> <br /> Eastwood is in top form here, both in front and behind the camera, and is probably the second best of the five -film series, right behind the original "Dirty Harry". Seven years had passed since the last offer of "Harry" ("The Enforcer", 1976), but Eastwood begins again in character with ease and renewed vigor. And this certainly benefits from having him in the director's chair, since he is able to regain the essence of, not only his character, but that "spirit" that made these films so successful, and he does so knowing the territory and establishing a continuity that erases the entire seven-year gap between #s 3 and 4. As with all films he directs, Eastwood sets an intentional rhythm that works perfectly for this material and creates enough tension to keep it interesting and engaging right from the start. start to finish. <br /> <br /> The script, by Joseph Stinson, is well written and formulated according to the distinctive style of "Dirty Harry"; the dialogue is lively and the story itself (conceived by Charles B. Pierce and Earl E. Smith) is the most engaging from the original "Dirty Harry", as it successfully attempts to play on the very personal aspects of the drama, rather than entirely on the action. The characters are well designed and convincing, and, of course, this is the film that gave us one of Harry's best catch phrases: "Go ahead ... prepare my day ..." <br /> <br /> As Harry, Clint Eastwood perfectly embodies all the elements that make this character so popular: He lives according to a personal moral code, a true individual made of the kind of things we imagine as that of the pioneers who colonized this country and made America what is today. Harry personifies that sense of freedom and justice that we all aspire to and hold so dear, perhaps more today than ever. No matter who we are or where we come from, there is undeniably a part of us that wants to be Harry, or at least have him around. `Dirty Harry 'is a cinema icon, and it is impossible to imagine anyone but Eastwood portraying him; for better or for worse, Eastwood is' Dirty Harry, no doubt, just like Sean Connery is James Bond and Basil Rathbone, Sherlock Holmes. <br /> <br /> Sondra Locke is completely effective here as Jennifer Spencer, a young woman offended and revenge, or as she sees it, "justice". He manages to bring an angular determination linked to the vulnerability of his character, with a convincing and introspective approach that goes far beyond what is typical of the "action" genre. Even among the violence, Locke continues to focus on Jennifer and the traumatic events that brought her to this stage in her life. His interpretation is a perfect complement for Harry of Eastwood, and becomes, in philosophy and action, something of his counterpart. <br /> <br /> In supporting roles, two shows stand out: Paul Drake, like Mick, creates the best `psycho 'from Andy Robinson's dynamic portrait of the serial killer in the original' Dirty Harry '. With a very limited screen time, Drake establishes a truly disconcerting, credible and convincing presence that adds much to the purely visceral response of the public. This is the guy you can't wait to see Harry at the end. Equally effective is Audrie J. Neenan, who makes his character, Ray Parkins, the epitome of the proverbial "low life", which can be found in any bar in any city. It's a performance that evokes a gut-level response, and adds a lot to the credibility of the film, as it helps provide that necessary sense of realism. <br /> <br /> The supporting cast includes Albert Popwell (Horace), Mark Kevloun (Bennett) and Nancy Parsons (Mrs. Kruger). With a perfect mixture of drama and action, "Sudden Impact" dispenses justice which is a satisfying relief from reality; the perfect justice of a not-so-perfect world that makes a satisfying cinematic experience. 9/10.
