Who says zombies can't be converted into useful members of the community? Certainly not the creators of "Fido", who bring us into a never-set version of the 50s in which the undead were turned into butlers and servants for the flourishing bourgeoisie. Timmy Robinson is the all-American boy who becomes emotionally attached to the new full-time household of the family - a newly resurrected zombie who Timmy affectionately nicknamed Fido. All this was made possible by Zomcom, an older brother type organization that found a way to make zombies (which had originally been "brought to life" by radiation from space) manageable and docile - at least most of them time. <br /> <br /> This twisted and modern version of the TV series "Lassie" - which could easily have been titled "A boy and his zombie" - unfairly takes satirical blows to such pre-'60 concerns as an obsessive social conformity ( here being with the Joneses means having more zombies than the people next door), the sterility of suburban life, corporate control of civic affairs, corruption in a small town and the values ​​of the nuclear family - everyone played in a beautifully designed environment of colorful houses and perfectly maintained lawns. The film does not strike the public with its message and does not engage in an endless hyperbole to generate laughter. Instead, this is a small subdued and subtle satire that arouses laughter appreciated rather than laugh with a full stomach. Much of the humor comes from the incongruity between the placid setting and the contemptuous attitude towards death shown by the good citizens of the community (Life Magazine has been replaced by a magazine entitled Death Magazine). Despite some playful graphic violence, the film remains faithful to the spirit of innocence that we generally associate both with the fifties themselves and with the cheap and low-cost horror films that were so part of the pop culture scene of that decade. > <br /> K'Sun Ray, Carrie-Ann Moss and Dylan Baker are as friendly and attractive as Timmy with his wide eyes and his Cleaver parents (with slightly sinister shades), while Billy Connolly performs the almost impossible task of bring a great deal of humanity and depth to the role of a resurrected corpse. <br /> <br /> This is what "Lassie" might have been if Timmy's best friend had been plagued with anger.
