In the immortal "Shaun of the Dead", we are introduced to a London in which the loafers and the high and powerful are forced to fight the corpse versions of their friends and family devouring flesh and revived. At the end of the film, it is suggested that the zombies be rendered harmless and used as cheap labor. "Fido" presents an epilogue of "Shaun" set in 1950s America, in an exhilarating and original "what-if ...?" movie. <br /> <br /> The film is set post-zombie-apocalypse, for a change; after the terrors of the Zombie Wars, it ended with the creation of the ZomCon company and their patented zombie collars that make corpses as docile as lambs. Every city in the world is enclosed by the Wild Zone, the once fertile landscape torn by the surviving zombies and the remains of the apocalyptic wars. The idyllic town of Willard is the typical suburb typical of the 50s, with a small difference; the welfare state is measured by the amount of domesticated zombies of a family. Unfortunately, the Robinson family has no zombies whatsoever, due to their patriarch, Bill, afraid of the reanimated dead. Timmy Robinson and his mother Helen both suffer from the pressure of suburban life, until the day Helen buys a zombie servant in a desperate attempt to impress her neighbors. <br /> <br /> The zombie gains Timmy's love when he saves it from a couple of violent bullies, the two form a bond to rival the classic "boy and his dog" cliché ... a boy and his zombies. Timmy calls his "pet" Fido, and soon becomes an aid to both Timmy and Helen to escape the prison routine that Bill has entered. But when Fido's domestication neck shatters and devours the elderly Mrs. Henderson, the Robinsons must contain their connection to the sudden outbreak of wild zombies and still manage to keep their beloved Fido. <br /> <br /> A film whose sharp and satirical wit brings it as much as the cast of all the stars (including "The Matrix" s Carrie-Anne Moss as Helen Robinson and Billy Connelly as Fido), "Fido" it's a zom-com for the ages. With some rather twisted subplots - for example, the sweet and disturbing feelings that Helen and Fido start having for each other - and a moving commentary on the 1950s suburbs and the zombie genre, the film manages to bring out the worse (and better) in his characters, while still allowing you to take care of them. <br /> <br /> "Fido" is, by far, one of the best dark comedies I've ever seen, one of the best films I've seen in a long time, and THE best zom-com from the incredible "Shaun of the Dead ".
