OK, I didn't know what to expect when I saw the cover of Fido, honestly when I found it in the video store I was tempted to rent this movie, but none of this caught my attention. But when I was looking around on Netflix, they advertised him like crazy if I liked "silly" scary movies, so I thought I'd give him a chance. I'm so happy to have seen it, this was just a great movie, it was absolutely hilarious and so fascinating to watch. As I said, Pleasantville meets Night of the Living Dead, it's just a great concept, what happens after a mega zombie attack? As we see in another zombie comedy, Shaun of the Dead, they have fun making the zombies left as citizens "at hand". This is a very neglected horror / comedy film, I think a lot of people have been so excited by Shaun of the Dead that it got booted. But it's a good story and the cast was perfect and turned it into a really fun movie. <br /> <br /> In an alternative universe of the 50s in which space radiation transformed the dead into zombies. This radiation continues to afflict humanity, as all those who die after the original contamination turn into undead. To continue living a normal life, communities are fenced off with the help of a government company called Zomcon. Zomcon provides collars with accompanying remote controls to control the zombies' hunger to use them as slaves or servants. In the town of Willard, a housewife, Helen, buys a zombie despite her husband Bill's zombie phobia. Their son, Timmy, befriends the zombie, calling him "Fido". One day Fido's collar malfunctions and kills the neighbor next door, which turns into a zombie. Timmy "kills" the zombified neighbor. When a couple of local bullies are blamed for the missing neighbor, they capture Fido and Timmy. Helen arrives and rescues Timmy and Fido from the bullies and tries to forget the whole thing. A few days later, the neighbor's body is found and the murder is traced back to Fido, who is taken to Zomcon where the public is told it will be destroyed. Timmy learns through a friend that Fido is simply working in a Zomcon factory. Timmy goes to safety to save him with the help of his neighbor with a zombie girl hoping to get Fido back. <br /> <br /> I highly recommend this movie if you get the chance, it's so silly but very funny. Billy Connelly did a great job as Fido and he really brought a lot of life into the character without puns. I think the scene that made me laugh the most was when Timmy had to run the old lady that Fido attacked and killed, his last words for her were so funny, "you weren't very cute, but you liked flowers, so ?? "and he buries her in the garden. Not to mention the neighbor with the zombie girl, sick, disturbing, wrong, but classic laughter. I still like how, even if this is the kind of world of Leave It To Beaver-esquire, there is still a lot of blood in the film. So if you have the chance to see Fido, take it, I promise you good laughs. <br /> <br /> 9/10
