As soon as I heard about this movie I knew I had to take a look. Well, I heard about it, then I found the trailer. After that, it was when I realized I had to see it. And I'm so glad I did it. Want to see classic television mixed with zombies? No? So get lost. <br /> <br /> FIDO is a movie unlike anything I've ever seen. Well, actually, that's it. It's a bit like an episode of Lassie and a Zombie movie. Although combined, it looks completely new and original. FIDO is about a little boy named Timmy and his new pet Fido. Well, this new pet is not a parrot who squawking or a potty trained puppy. He's a dead boy re-animated ... a zombie. A large cloud of radiation has engulfed the Earth which has led to all the increasing deaths, which followed the Zombie Wars. Although through the genius of Reinhold Giger, chief scientist of ZomCon, he discovered that if you destroy the brain, the zombie will perish, thus giving us the advantage and victory in the zombie war. Although due to persistent radiation, anyone who dies becomes a zombie. Which can be a problem especially with the elderly. Although Zomcom gets up with further discoveries, especially with the Domestication collar. The collar stops the zombie's need for human flesh and makes it harmless as a pet. But not everything is perfect in this Zombie Utopia, the collars break down, the old die and ... well, I'll just let you watch this incredibly unique movie. <br /> <br /> FIDO is a fantastic idea brought to fruition. With an all-star cast and great writing FIDO rises above the comic / horror genre. There are a lot of fun and original situations that really entertained me. Although after seeing the film, I personally think that the film would have been better in black and white. At less than 90 minutes, the film does not go on too long and moves from one scene to another at a good pace. It will probably end up being a cult classic, since it is not a real comic laugh or horror movie. It's a comedy / family / zombie movie immersed in the atmosphere of 1950. If you thought that everything I said here was interesting, check out this movie. But if you're still on the fence, swing your leg and stay there. 8.5 outta 10
