About a year ago I was watching the news when a news story was broadcast about a zombie movie filmed in my area. Since then I have paid particular attention to this film called "Fido" when it finished production and started playing in festivals. Two weeks ago Fido started playing in my local theater. And, just yesterday, I read a newspaper article stating that Fido did not attract the public in its limited version, with the exception of our local theater. In fact, all the other shows at The Paramount Theater, including the 300, are coming out here. Obviously, this makes sense since many locals want to see their city on the screen or find themselves wandering about the zombie trick. And for all the other venues that have not yet seen Fido but are considering it, I can say that there are many images on the screen, from the school to the city park to the forbidden area, which you will recognize. In fact, they make the Okanagan valley beautiful. It's just a beautiful scenery in a zombie movie! However, Fido itself is a great film. Yes, despite its flaws, it's better than most of the other 20 films that play in my local market. Fido is best described as an episode of Lassie in which the collie was replaced by a member of the undead. This is a smart premise. And the film goes even further, taking advantage of the emphasis on conformity in the 1950s and playing the paranoia of the cold war that led to McCarthyism. Furthermore, it is based on the concept that zombies can be tamed or trained that George Romero introduced for the first time in Day of the Dead. <br /> <br /> K'Sun Ray plays a city boy who is a mother (Carrie-Ann Moss) wants a zombie servant so he can be like all the other domestic wives on his block. However, his father (Dylan Baker) is against the idea since he once had to kill his "zombie father". Eventually, the family acquires a zombie called "Fido" (played by Billy Connolly), and adapts to life with the undead. Billy Connolly was inspired by the casting. He is able to transmit Fido's confusion, desire, hatred and loyalty only through his eyes, his heavy body and his grunts. Connolly demonstrates that he can play undervalued characters better than his outrageously comedians. This is his best role since Mrs. Brown. <br /> <br /> Fido follows in the footsteps of other recent zomcoms like Shawn Of The Dead and Zombie Honeymoon. Being someone who appreciates Bruce Campbell's and Misty Mundae's films more than Eli Roth's and Jigsaw's, I prefer humor for my horror. However, I understand the criticisms of those horror fans who feel that there is not enough "dead death" in Fido. Still, I am sure that patient viewers will be rewarded with films with humor. <br /> <br /> The film breaks down into its third act. It is as if the writers were so enmeshed in the thoughtful premise of the domesticated zombies in the 1950s that they forgot about the narrative arc. However, given my interest in horror comedies and my appreciation for seeing the neighborhood on screen, I consider Fido 9 out of 10.
