I suppose the last curse of attending the Toronto Film Festival is that your table with release date is messed up. Frankly, I'm just glad that Fido was chosen for distribution in the United States. Anyway ... <br /> <br /> Have you ever seen Shaun of the Dead? Good. What about Lassie? Able to reconcile the two? Well, if you can your name could be Andrew Currie, Canadian at the helm of the first family-themed zombie comedy, or zomedy. (Seriously, that's what the Toronto pressbook called it). Although not as violent, dry or British as Shaun of the Dead, Fido remains faithful to its roots: a devotion to the old black and white television of the 50s that includes both Lassie and the infamous science fiction mash that was pumped during the period . <br /> <br /> Fido's talented headliners (Carrie Anne Moss, Billy Connelly, Dylan Baker and Tim Blake Nelson) are testimony to the script's genius. The film explores all the implications of its premise: a world in which zombies have been converted into servants because of their large number due to a strange accident. What would you use your new undead servant for? A butler? Manual work? A pet? Untold acts? Fido faces all these possibilities in a sweet and surprisingly classy way, thanks also to the work of Connelly (as one of those zombies) and to the young television actor K'Sun Ray, who sometimes seems to be a young Elijah Wood better than the young Elijah Wood was. <br /> <br /> If you expect another Shaun of the Dead, don't waste time. There is almost not enough blood and segments in the genre to settle and leave the theater bitter and depressed. But if you're willing to take a look at what's going on at Shaun of the Dead when you jump on the lake, you're ready for a surprise. Think of Fido as the sensitive younger brother and often defeated by the rebel loser of Shaun of the Dead, and you're starting to make the decision. If you like (or at least tolerate) zombies, small children and a lot of impassive satire, Fido is the movie for you. If it is not so ... well, you know the drill. Just hitting them between the eyes.
