Long ago, in a galaxy far, far away ... There was a boy who was only two years old when the original movie "Star Wars" was released. He doesn't remember seeing the movie before, but he doesn't remember life before this. Remember the first "Star Wars" themed gift you got ... a shoe box full of action figures from the original set. He was too young to fully appreciate how special that gift would be. But years later, he would get what is now considered one of the best gifts he has ever received: another box full of action figures, ten of the last twelve needed to complete his collection. It is now legendary in this boy's family as the last action figure he needed, Anakin Skywalker, stopped being produced and transported to stores, and how this guy went on for about ten years (up to university ) trying to track down one and finally bought it from someone in his dorm floor for a bag of beer nuggets (don't ask ... it's a Northern Illinois University thing). <br /> <br /> I can't review "Star Wars" as a movie. It represents absolutely everything that is beautiful, fun and magical in my childhood. There is no separation in my mind from Christmas, birthdays, summers and growing winters. In the winter, my friends and I built strong snow and pretended to be on Hoth (I was always Han Solo). My friends' father built them a tree house, which served as the village of the Ewoks. They also had a huge pine tree whose lower branches were high enough to create a sort of cave under it, and this made a great place to pretend to be in Yoda's house. I am blatantly crazy when it comes to "Star Wars" and I think people understand it or not. I don't have the charm of "Lord of the Rings" or "Star Trek", but I understand the rabid fan groups that follow them because I'm a huge fan of George Lucas movies. <br /> <br /> I don't feel the need to defend my opinion on these films as some of the greatest of all time. Every time I put them in the DVD player, I feel like I'm eight again, when life was simple and the biggest problem I had was figuring out how to track down an Anakin Skywalker figure. <Br /> <br /> Degree (for the entire trilogy): A +
