If you like horror movies with lots of blood and blood, tons of scary moments and unstoppable scenes of heartbreaking death, then look elsewhere. If you like the silent, moody and thoughtful horror that drives blood away in favor of a genuine feeling of terror, then Wendigo is for you. <br /> <br /> Thoughtful, stressed George, his psychoanalyst wife Kim and their young son The miles are heading towards the snowy countryside for a long weekend vacation away from the city. On the road, George hits a deer in his car. The hunters who chased the deer are not thrilled when they find out that George has finished the hunt. In particular, the deranged Otis hunter takes it personally. Follow the family to their vacation home, making sure they see it. Spy George and Kim while having sex. Shoot through the windows with his rifle when I'm not at home, letting them see the menacing holes in their windows and walls when they return. When Kim brings Miles to the town pharmacy, Miles is attracted by a small sculpture in a case, carved to look like a man with a deer head. A native American man tells Miles that this is the Wendigo, a spirit of the forest who has a taste for meat and is always hungry. Miles brings the figure home with him, already tormented by the death of the deer the day before. That afternoon, when he and his father go sledding, is George hit and Miles chased through the woods by a barely glimpsed creature ... or is he simply in shock, and imagines everything? Hours later, George is rushed to the hospital and Miles, still clinging to his statue, faints, dreams or undertakes a visual search, in which the Wendigo returns. This time the angry, devouring flesh - partly tree, partly deer and partly man - is hunting for Otis, who has finally crossed the line. <br /> <br /> Wendigo is a well-made film, almost totally silent, but because of the wind howling in the snow-covered trees. Ok, so the monster itself is a fake look, but it is a small flaw, more than offset by the genuine feeling of tension and terror that creeps into every frame of the film, and the disturbing scenery of the silent, snowy countryside. The performances are grandiose, in particular from Jake Weber as George and Patricia Clarkson, mild and thoughtful, like his sweet and no-frills wife. They are a happy couple sharing their common problems, and it is the strength of their relationship and their mutual love that makes this film powerful. Watching this movie is often like watching someone's home videos, so the performances are realistic. <br /> <br /> This movie is not for everyone. Many people might find themselves totally bored, waiting for the horrible Lovecraftian Beast and the bloody revenge that will never come. We can never be really sure if the Wendigo exists, seen as it is through the eyes of a sensitive child and also, later, through the eyes of a madman. This is more a psychological drama than a horror film, but it contains more than enough disturbing elements to satisfy the fans of the subtle horror.
