Kim (Patricia Clarkson), George (Jake Weber) and son Miles (Erik Per Sullivan) are headed to the countryside for the winter weekend relief from the bustling metropolis of Manhattan. On the road, they hit a dollar and end up stuck in the snow. A group of hunters arrives who were tracing the dollar. Rather than helping, at least one of the hunters, Otis (John Speredakos), is angry because the incident broke the horns of the dollar. George, Kim and Miles are disturbed by Otis and, worse yet, we soon learn that Otis has learned where they are. Meanwhile, Miles is given a wendigo (a sort of Indian monster that changes shape) from an Indian that only he has seen. Is Otis out of his mind to get our heroes? Are there wendigos in the woods? <br /> <br /> I can see where Wendigo would have had a number of interesting problems for the spectators. It's a fairly low budget film, with frequent technical limitations. Much of the film, and perhaps everything, is not really about the titular creature. And perhaps the fatal blow to many people, has a very ambiguous ending, with a number of questions left unanswered. If you are discouraged by these endings, and you do not like films that are meant to make you think and discuss what it all meant, do yourself a favor and avoid Wendigo. <br /> <br /> Personally, I like movies like that. I usually prefer some ambiguity. Wendigo's marketing is aimed at those who want a quick and scary creature shot, where they would expect a big battle with a supernatural monster that is eventually defeated, and everything is tied neatly except for an opening for Wendigo 2: The Monster Returns, but this is not the film. Wendigo is much more thoughtful and poetic than the surface of such a creature blow can suggest to most people. Hell, writer / director Larry Fessenden even has a character, George, who stars in Robert Frost. Frost's poem, and George's comment that Frost can evoke complex images and atmospheres from seemingly simple things, is the key to the film. <br /> <br /> One of the best things about the film is its complexity. In a sense, there are four different films that occur at the same time, a discussion from each character. In George's thread, he is not exactly the happiest or most pleasant boy in the world, and has some parental problems. For him, the film is a realistic and horrible descent of his life that goes from bad to worse. In the thread of Patricia, she is looking for the rejuvenation of her life and her family. She is a psychologist who especially rejects the problems around her, hoping that they will leave and improve. In the thread of Otis, he is even more unlucky than George, and the arrival of George in his life symbolizes the last "crack" in his psychological armor. And in the thread of Miles, which is probably the most important of the film, life is like a great poem because of its youthful innocence and interpretation of the world. But this is a horror story, after all, albeit with a glimmer of hope, and the film's events give Miles's poetic interpretations a dark twist. However, when all has been said and done, he seems to be the only one to preserve his composure, due to his poetic perspectives. <br /> <br /> Even if the film is low budget, there are many well executed major budget ambitions. Fessenden and the cinematographer Terry Stacey find some fantastic shots in beautiful places and have created some interesting slide shows as montages (like the Indian wendigo papers or images of the book). There are also interesting more traditional montages, like Miles' nightmare. Wendigo is better filmed and edited than many big-budget films. <br /> <br /> The other technical aspects are good for the budget. The "Wendigo" aspect eventually worked for me and was appropriately ambiguous. The lighting was generally good - there were some times that the dark scenes were not as clear as they could be, but it seemed to be more of a problem with the film (which could have been digital instead) or transferred. I thought the performances were good and much more realistic (if you like it) than most movies. Although I didn't really notice the score, it must have been ok, otherwise I would have noticed it with a negative rating. <br /> <br /> Overall, Wendigo is a very good film that deserves to be seen without preconceptions, as long as you don't mind having to think about the movies you watch.
