A remarkable example of cinematographic alchemy at work, with a lump and lump nodule of lead script (written by clever mediocre Hollywood hack nonpareil Jole Schumacher, no less) that is magically converted into an important slice of exquisitely sparkling 24-karat musical drama gold thanks to lively direction, fresh and engaging performances, spot-on production values, a pleasant recreation of the Fifties in New York, an infallibly effervescent tone of roll-with-the-punches and a soundtrack and really wonderful blues from the great Curtis Mayfield. <br /> <br /> The story, freely inspired by the exploits of the real life of the Supremes, prosaically documents the arduous adventure of three young girls with bright and impoverished eyes who desperately want to escape their sad and ungrateful situation in the ghetto and make it great in the captivating world of commercial R & B music. All the obvious premises of instant wealth and success - egos run destructively, drugs, corruption, struggle to maintain your integrity, and so on - are predictably paraded, but fortunately the uniformly excellent work evident in the other departments of the film almost completely it cancels the flat and schumacher-free plot. First-class acting helps a lot. Irene Cara, Lonette McKee and Dwan Smith are the sensual sexy protagonists, vibrant and captivating and great singers to start with. Spectacular performances are also performed by a very nice pre- "Miami Vice" Philip Michael Thomas in the role of patient, gentlemanly manager of the group, Dorian Harewood in the role of aggressive and aggressive venale of McKee and perennial blaxploitation Tony ("Hell Up in Harlem, "" Bucktown ") King as a mischievous and dangerously seductive gangster. The tone is lowered and set like a dovetail, from funny and moving to melancholy and blasphemous, without ever skipping a beat, evolving skillfully in a luminous and edifying ode due to the extraordinary ability of the human spirit to overcome extremely difficult obstacles effectively. and intimidators. <br /> <br /> Veteran editor Sam O'Stern behaves superbly in his directorial debut. Bruce Surtees' luminescent cinematography and Gordon Scott's expert editing are impeccable. O'Stern's eye on the vintage atmosphere, the careful eye for small details, but the small details, and the infallible feeling of a busy and uninterrupted rhythm are equally impressive. No jokes even for the impeccable contributions of the Curtis Mayfield soundtrack. "Jump", "What can I do with this feeling", "raise your arms", "take my hand the precious gentleman", "Lovin 'you baby" and "look into your heart" are all tremendously harmonious, sentimental, almost incredibly fantastic songs, with the sweetly sensual love number jones "Something He Can Feel", which was later covered by both Aretha Franklin and En Vogue, clearly on top of the highest musical awards as the best song ever in the whole film . The net result of all these exceptional attributes mentioned above convincingly demonstrates that sometimes it is not so much the script as what is done with the script, which in turn determines the overall quality of a film.
