Yes, you read that right, boys. Michael Bay would have had to study this film before making one of his overcrowded, too long, excessively useless "Transformers" films. "Robot Jox" is better than both and probably costs less than the crew of the "Transformers" spent in Megan Fox's personal trainer. <br /> <br /> Fortunately, this small robotic gem, initially known primarily for being the film that ruined Charles and Albert Band's Empire Pictures studio, seems to have developed a cult over the years. I fondly remember seeing him on VHS during his first video release in the early 1990s and although some of the stereotypes of Cold War politics were outdated (the luck of the Bands that Communism would fall while the film was sitting on a shelf) waiting to be released, eh?), it's still quite a pretty B-Movie pretty damn nice. They don't actually make it that way, or if they do, they do the Bay route and CGI things to unbearable proportions. <br /> <br /> For those unfamiliar, here is the Robo-scoop: They are somewhere in the future and after a nuclear holocaust, large-scale "wars" have been outlawed. Disputes between nations are now resolved hand in hand (or perhaps it should be machine-o-machine-o) by a representative of each party fighting each other in giant Shogun Warrior style robots. Whatever the bot that moves away from the fight wins for "his" side. Gary Graham (who would later play the role of Detective Sykes in the TV series "Alien Nation"), plays "Achilles", the biggest story of Robot Jock in Marketplace (apart from the good guys). Achilles was undefeated in his previous nine Robot attacks (ten are the maximum number of battles before a "Jock" is retired) and at the beginning of the film he faces his counterpart from the "Confederation" (ie The Russkies!), The psychotic Alexander (who is the highest "Russian evil" bad stereotype after the infamous turn of Dolph Lundgren as Ivan Drago in "Rocky IV"). The match is called a draw when Alexander violates the rules with an illegal Robot Move at the last minute and ends up not only embarrassing Achilles, but killing an entire group of spectators. A rematch is expected to complete the meeting, but Achilles simply wants to go out, hang up his helmet and get on with his life. Rather than violating the Spoiler Rules revealing much more, I will simply say that there are a series of twists and turns, behind the scenes of cheating and other difficulties for Achille and his companion "Jox" before the two robotic titans definitively collide once again in the final. I hope I don't make this film to be a sort of science fiction masterpiece, because it's not. "Robot Jox" is simply fun. I will concede that it is a somewhat higher concept than your average B-level science fiction film, and although budget constraints are occasionally known (especially in scenes involving some painful obvious green tricks), it is the most beautiful film that is never released from the Empire / Full Moon Pictures factory. The robot fighting scenes are very well done using old-school stop-motion techniques / models, and the sets and costumes don't seem to be at all sleepy. Empire Pictures and director Stuart ("Re-Animator") Gordon were surely circling the stars with this image. Unfortunately it wasn't enough for them (or the studio), but at least we got a cool heckuva movie out of the deal. In conclusion: if you want to be assaulted auditory and visual for over 2 hours, feel free to rent a "Transformers" movie. Eventually you'll feel like you've spent the whole time watching someone else play a video game. If you want to have a good rock'em, sock'em robot, take Robot Jox instead.
