"The Matador" is a dark comedy starring Pierce Brosnan as an elderly assassin who befriends an American businessman, happily married and married (Greg Kinnear) in Mexico. Although the sardonic Julian (ironically nicknamed "Noble") seems to be a "tough guy" on the surface, beneath him is really just a mass of neuroses and insecurities, a man who realizes that his chosen profession has left him practically by only in the world and without friends. Thus, on his birthday, he joins Danny, a man who lived his life playing by the rules and who becomes strangely intrigued by Julian's "unconventional" lifestyle. In fact, both men find each other the person they could never be, but they want them to become in their most tranquil, most frank moments of self-evaluation. <br /> <br /> Although the film is reminiscent of "Analyze This" and "Midnight Run" to feel completely fresh and original, "The Matador", however, earns points for the complexity of its characters and the quality of his acting. Brosnan, aged and almost exhausted, grits his teeth in the role of Julian in a way he never had before. Interpreting a man who seems constitutionally incapable of establishing a serious connection with another human being, Brosnan is a moment of challenge and a knight, then the next genuine and supportive. It always keeps us in balance, so that humor never becomes coarse or stale. Kinnear is also excellent as the regular Joe businessman who finds himself increasingly in the Dark Side as his relationship with Julian deepens. Hope Davis does a great job as "Bean", Danny's faithful and loving wife who, like her husband, finds herself intrigued by this mysterious and "dangerous" figure from a world very different from the one she knows. <br /> <br /> Sometimes, we find ourselves thinking that "The Matador" holds something back, without probing the depths of its situation and premise. In the end it seems a little too light, a little too inconsistent to record the impact it should. This could be because this is the film debut for writer / director Richard Shephard, and he hasn't managed to get his film out yet. And yet, we appreciate the fact that it does not always go for the obvious and that it is strictly focused on the two main figures of the piece, rarely settling for a trivial setup or simple laughter. <br /> <br /> 'The Matador' is a small imperfect but generally entertaining comedy that, hopefully, will mark a new phase in Brosnan's acting career.
