Fassbinder's most sumptuous production sacrifices little of his talent in identifying and deconstructing a place of suffering in long and mobile outlets that somehow also act as social encapsulations; here, it is much more evident, since the story takes place in war-torn Germany at the end of the Second World War, and the central character is a woman (Hanna Schygulla as Maria) who exploits vulnerabilities (both economic and gender) to catapult himself up the ladder of an important textile corp. this makes goods as ambiguous as the lederhosen available to indigent workers (as in the past). Married amid allied airstrikes, Maria and her new husband Herrmann are entitled to a short honeymoon before being sent to the Russian front. In his absence, his despair is great: he spends most of his days at the train station, waiting for his return. When he is pronounced dead, he suddenly stops mourning and takes on a job as a bartender / prostitute in a brothel that takes care of the Americans. <br /> <br /> When he returns, things get very confused, as circumstances (and his sense of noble self-sacrifice) conspire to keep them apart. The message is M.O. by Fassbinder. Written big: "Love is colder than death", but Maria not only contends with her sanity and a husband who is largely incapable of loving her, but a country in deep flow without visible light at the end of the tunnel. Fassbinder is making a sort of declaration on post-war Germany by selling to the highest bidder, but as with all his films, I tend to block these elements and focus on the unbearable passions exposed: Fassbinder is evoked through his characters; its actors are filtered through their real connections with Fassbinder. Taken together, his films can be unbearable or indescribably mesmeric, often at once; this falls somewhere in the middle, although much closer to it. Although I didn't like it as much as Petra von Kant's or Katzelmacher's The Bitter Tears, Maria Braun certainly has a wider reach and moreover, I could feel her passion and her authentic detail for human emotions.
