Maria Braun's (MMB) marriage is about a German girl (Maria) married to a German soldier (Herman Braun) at the end of the war. After being married for half a day and one night, Herman is sent back to the front row. To make ends meet, Maria starts working in a bar mainly for American soldiers and meets a black soldier. He learned that Herman died at the front and things developed between her and the American soldier. Herman walks on them, in bed, and after a fight between him and the American, Maria kills the American. Herman admits the murder, ends up in jail and Maria swears to wait for him. The country is in ruins; you see the people who leave everything that is busy with a cigarette. There are food shortages. In short, a survival time of the fittest. <br /> <br /> Basically this film projects the attitudes of Mary - those attitudes that she herself allows in the circumstances mentioned, as a metaphor for the loss of soul of Germany after losing the war, and how it proceeds to rebuild itself. For example, Maria has the following conversation with a peddler (played by Fassbinder himself); the peddler tries to sell her an excellent copy of Kleist and notes that "Kleist burns quickly, does not provide enough heat for the cold". The peddler replies "This is another way of seeing it. Right now, it's probably the right way." <br /> <br /> Maria meets a Franco-German businessman, Karl Oswald, after having swapped his way into the first class train compartment. He decides to involve Karl, "You don't have a relationship with me, I have a relationship with you". Moreover, it takes on the responsibility of the company and, after a while, has the complete trust of the company. When Karl says "I suppose we'll just have to wait for a miracle", he replies "I prefer to work miracles and then wait for them". In his own words, it has become the "Mata Hari of the economic miracle". <br /> <br /> In many Fassbinder films he tried to expose the psychological processes behind social mechanisms (see Freud); in other words, he liked to point his camera at the bullsh * t, the false social mechanisms, the fake. The direct approach that Maria takes in this film has managed to convey this ideology. For example, he calls Karl and when he answers the phone his request is directed to the point "I need someone to sleep with". As Fassbinder said, "the emotions that people felt did not exist at all and were just a kind of sentimentality that we thought we needed to be properly functioning members of society". He also noted that his films are anti-emotional. <br /> <br /> I particularly liked the scene when Karl and Maria meet in the Munich restaurant (apparently, often visited by Hitler himself). Maria appears in control and Karl a little below, as if Maria's "brutal honesty" took him out, as if he were no longer up to the task. Karl says "I have to tell myself over and over again that I love life". Maria responds "This is life, it is not like that, as if we were signing a contract to enjoy life, and then we go out to eat and talk about food". I imagine this also concerns Fassbinder's attitude in relationships, to never present himself completely to anyone. And why, if the central question of most of his films was "Love becomes a commodity in this society, an instrument of power, a weapon". <br /> <br /> It has been noticed that it is typical Fassbinder to have the scenes with Maria and Betti walking in expensive clothes in the ruins after the war - with these clothes essentially in the wrong period. What I thought wanted to portray here were those attitudes, when you feel bad, that "you can always wear makeup and face the day in a grand way". But Fassbinder was not interested in perfection. Any mistake made in a film could be corrected in the next project. Since completing the movies (about 4 a year) the way others rolled cigarettes, it's not strange that this movie has some very bad scenes. Peter Marthesheimer, who wrote most of the script, said that Fassbinder probably dreamed the whole scene with Maria and the American in the park, during the night. <br /> <br /> Hanna Schygulla is as brilliant as Maria. Most of the time, she stares at the camera bluntly. In Maria's words "It's a bad time for emotions, but I like it that way". <br /> <br /> There are different opinions about the end. After Karl died of a hart attack, Herman finally shows up. (Herman left for Australia after being released from prison to "become human again".) After the will was handed over (done to her and Herman in half), Maria forgot to turn off the gas when she lit the cigarette and blow her and Herman. For me it is obvious that he did it by mistake. At the same time, it must have been shaken when her dreams finally seem to come true. She must have felt like she was no longer herself. She felt like she had survived herself.
