Maria Braun got married right in the middle of the fight around her and her husband Hermann. An explosion ripped through the building to begin with, and she and Hermann had to sign the papers on a pile of rubble on the street. Perhaps this might seem like a heavy metaphor for what is about to happen: marriage on the rocks, so to speak. It is an engagement in which the husband goes to war and is detained in a Russian prison camp, with no heeling for the defenseless but confident and proud Maria, who remains standing next to the depressing rubble of the railway station while some return home, others do not , with a sign waiting for Hermann. <br /> <br /> Problems arise, as in the melodramas of Rainer Werner Fassbinder, and as one of his best and most provocative, we see how Maria (extraordinarily beautiful Hanna Schygulla in this role) do a double-sided: she will stand by to his man, even if it means working in a bar for American soldiers and, even after learning from another soldier that Hermann is dead, he will still be close to him while sleeping with a black GI and approaching to bring his baby (ie, of course until he reappears and a murder occurs and he takes rap so that he can be safe), or working for a German businessman (effectively sympathetic Ivan Desny) and sometimes becoming his mistress and rising star in company. Maria will do everything necessary to succeed, but she will always be married. <br /> <br /> It is hard to say that Maria is not charming. Money, sex, power, all these become interchangeable for Maria. It's like the feminist who has her cake and eats it with a sensual smile: she manages to have a husband, more or less (actually much less until the last ten minutes of the film) while she gets things - a man who bites her every Once she can, a new and expensive house with servants, a secretary, money - that others around her are not receiving due to being already with a man or too weak able to go up anywhere (like the secretary, played quite interesting from Fassbinder's mother). <br /> <br /> Maria is sexy, self-confident and all alone, with an idealized life that goes against a life that should be done in the shade. He says of the two men - the American soldier and the poor old and sick Osvaldo - that he is fond of her, and at the same time he will stick to those roses that the confused and scandalous husband Hermann sends from Canada, after being released from prison. She casts a profile that a feminist would love to waste time, but understands where it comes from and goes all the way. <br /> <br /> Fassbinder employs this intrinsic contradiction, and the moments with Maria seem to go against the conventions of a melodrama (for example, Hermann walking on the jubilant and half-naked Maria and GI is just a masterpiece of a scene, with the reaction of Maria not of surprise or guilt but pure happiness to see that he is there and even less alive), while he sticks to his guns as a director of such a high technique with a plot that should be predictable. But it really isn't. It is like a great metaphor for a country that, after the war, could not really pass to normality. Sometimes Fassbinder puts the sound of the radio in the background, and we see Maria walking around her family home, the bustle that surrounds her, and the radio speaks of a divided Germany, of things still very upset, of a disorder. Perhaps the only way to make it is excess, or maybe it's just my interpretation. <br /> <br /> It is hard to say, really, under the eyes and eyes of Schygulla, anyway. It is a truly incredible performance, really, one of those artists who capture the glamor and charm of a female Hollywood star of the old days, with the dirty ethics of a street girl. The most contrasting costumes are those that are seen in a scene when he is finally with his husband, where he performs in one of those super-lustful pieces of black lingerie and high heels, and then moves on to a dress without even thinking about it. This is almost the essence of what Mary is, and Schygulla moves it wonderfully, a stubborn but somehow loving figure who is adored and perplexed by the men around her, sometimes in a single sentence. This is what Fassbinder captures in his wonderful first part of his "trilogy"; while overall I prefer Veronika Voss as a masterpiece, Maria Braun is perhaps as good as the study of a character, of what makes a woman ticking with (almost) nothing to lose.
