'The Student of Prague' is one of the first horror feature films or, rather, is an "autorenfilm" (ie an auteur film). This film is a member of a movement of many movements that sought to give respectability to the cinema, or simply to make a profit by adapting the literature or theater on the screen. Fortunately, the story of this book with moving images is good. Using the poem by Alfred de Musset and a story by Edgar Allen Poe, he focuses on the theme of the doppelgänger. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the most cinematic film he gets is the double exposure effect to make Paul Wegener appear twice in the scenes. Guido Seeber was a magician of special effects for his day, but he's not very good at positioning the camera or moving it. The film scholar Leon Hunt (printed in "Early Cinema: Space, Frame, Narrative"), however, made an interesting analysis on this film using the shot to amplify the theme of the doubles: the characters are divided from the left / right, near / far and frontal / Diagonal framing of characters and shots. Regardless, the film consists mainly of long long shots from a fixed position, which is visibly primitive. Worse is the lack of editing; there is a small dissection of the scene and the scenes linger. None of this is unusual for 1913, but there have been more advanced films in this sense over the same period, including the best parts of "Atlantis" (August Blom, 1913), "Twilight of a Woman's Soul" (Yevgeni Bauer, 1913). and the DW Griffith short films. <br /> <br /> An extension of the film's universal vocabulary in 1926 would allow for a far superior remake. Furthermore, the remake has a reason for the character of Lyduschka, as well as being an occasional jerk and a surrogate spectator. Here, the gypsy recited obliquely, apparently wandering around with an invisibility cloak. I know their world is silent for me, but I assume, with their lips moving and so on, that their world would not be silent for them, so how can Lyduschka chase each other on the shoulders and not be noticed? <br /> <br /> However, this is one of the first most interesting films conceptually. Wegener, who seems to have been the main mind of this film, in addition to playing the lead role, later interpreted the title role and co-directed 'The Golem' in 1920 - helping to further usher in the supernatural thread in silent German cinema . <br /> <br /> (Note: the first version I saw was about an hour long (certainly not completely complete) and it was in bad condition, with sometimes bleached faces and so on. I'm not sure who was the Distributor, I also saw the Alpha DVD, which at 41 minutes is missing the movie present in the aforementioned print and also has a smaller and very different number of titles, but visually it is not so bad, even though.)
