One of the most important artistic movements in the history of cinema was undoubtedly German expressionism, the highly suggestive style of film production developed during the 1920s in Berlin. Classic films like "Das Cabinet Des Dr. Caligari". (1920) and "Nosferatu, Eine Symphonie Des Grauens" (1922) were the most famous direct results of this movement, and while the movement did not have a long life, its enormous influence on cinema can still be felt today, especially in the horror genre. One of the key figures in this style would be the director Paul Wegener, director of the 1920 "Der Golem, Wie Er in die Welt Kam" film, as in his debut as a director, seven years before the making of that classic, which he was already making experiment with expressionism in the film. That first prototype of German expressionism was incidentally, another horror film: "Der Student Von Prag". <br /> <br /> "Der Student Von Prag" ("The student of Prague"), is the story of Balduin (Paul Wegener), a student with the reputation of being the best fencer in Prague, but who is always with financial problems. One day, Balduin rescues the beautiful Countess Margit (Grete Berger) from drowning in a lake after her horse accidentally dropped her. Balduin immediately falls in love with her and tries to see her again, but soon discovers that he will have to compete with his rich cousin, Graf Von Schwarzenberg (Lothar Körner), who also wants to marry her. Knowing that he cannot offer her much, Balduin wishes to be rich, and it is here that a sorcerer named Scapinelli (John Gottowt) enters the picture. Scapinelli offers Balduin infinite wealth in exchange for what he finds in his room. Balduin accepts the proposal, only to discover with horror that what Scapinelli wants is his reflection in the mirror. <br /> <br /> Freely inspired by Edgar Allan Poe's short story "William Wilson" and the classical legend of "Faust", the story of "Der Student Von Prag" was conceived by the German writer Hanns Heinz Ewers, a master of horror literature and one of the first writers to consider scriptwriting as valid as any other form of literature. Written at a time when cinema in Germany was still being developed as an art form, "Der Student Von Prag" shows a real willingness to actually use cinema to tell a completely developed story beyond a trick photographic or a series of scenes. Like most writers of his time, Ewers' script is still heavily influenced by the theater, although "Der Student Von Prag" begins to move away from that style. Despite being somewhat poor in his character development (especially in supporting characters), Ewers manages to create an interesting and complex protagonist in the person of Balduin. <br /> <br /> While "Der Student Von Prag" was directed by Paul Wegener debut and Stellan Rye's second film as a director, it is very clear that these two pioneers had a good idea of ​​what cinema could do if done correctly. Making good use of Guido Seeber's cinematography, the two young directors create a powerful gothic atmosphere that predicts what the German filmmakers of the following decade would do. Wegener would have learned many of the techniques he would use in his "Golem" series by Seeber and Rye. Despite having very limited resources, Rye and Wegener manage to create a surprising and very convincing visual effect (for his time) for scenes with the reflection of Balduin (also played by Wegener). Formerly an experienced stage actor at the time of making this film, Wegener directs the cast with great talent and also tries to get away from the unconventional style of the previous directors. <br /> <br /> Like Balduin, Paul Wegener is very effective and probably the best in the film. Certainly it helps that his character is the only one completely developed by the writer, but it cannot be denied that Wegener was very good in his role as a poor student who loses more than his mirror reflection in that contract. John Gottowt plays the sinister Scapinelli with a mysterious aura that fits the character like a glove. Few people say about Scapinelli in the film, but Gottowert makes sure to let us know that he is a force to be feared. The rest of the main cast is less fortunate, with Grete Berger being practically the average of Countess Margit, and Lothar Körner making a poor Graf Von Schwarzenberg. However, it must be said that Lyda Salmonova was quite good in her expressive character and Fritz Weidemann made an excellent baron Waldis-Schwarzenberg, demonstrating the dignity that the character of Lörner should have had. <br /> <br /> Considering the films that were made in those years in other countries and the fact that his remake (made 13 years after this film) is superior in every way possible, it is not difficult to understand why "Der Student Von Prag "has not stood the test of time as well as other early films. The main problem of the film is certainly its extremely low budget, as it has led the film to be considerably shorter than what the Ewers story had to be fully developed. This makes the plot a little vague at times, or even incomplete, as if there was something missing in the narrative (obviously, there is also the possibility that the existing print is really incomplete). However, "Der Student Von Prag" is a very interesting first attempt in a complex tale of horror and suspense in the film which, although inferior to what other directors were doing at the time, left a strong impression in history. <br /> <As the direct predecessor of the German expressionist movement, it is difficult to deny the enormous importance that "Der Student Von Prag" has in the history of German cinema, probably in the history of cinema in general. It may seem dated even for its time, but considering the limited resources of its director, it is really better than most films of that era. Like the film that started Paul Wegener's career, and with that German expressionism, "Der Student Von Prag" is a must for anyone interested in this part of the history of cinema. 7/10
