1927, and Hollywood had been on the map as the center of the film world for just over a decade. Now that it had become the site of a multi-million dollar industry and the vertically integrated study system had been established, some of those in the quieter neighborhoods of this film production factory were taking the time for a little self-reflection. The Last Command, while its heart may be the classic story of a once prestigious man who fell in difficult times, frames that story in a squalid look at how cinema recreates reality without ceremony and how its production process can be mercilessly impersonal. It was written by Lajos Biro, who had been on the scene long enough to know. <br /> <br /> Is being in the center of the scene a man who was at the time among the most celebrated immigrants in Hollywood ?? Emil Jannings. Before coming to the United States, Jannings had mainly worked in comedy, being a master of the hammam show but at the same time exhilarating, often as pompous or old and poisoned authority figures. He enters The Last Command as the latter, and at first it seems to be another of Jannings' sets. However, as the story progresses, the actor goes so far as to demonstrate his reach, showing in his turn delicate fragility, serene dignity and in the end fantastic power and presence in the finale. It never ceases to be an exaggerated exaggeration (the German theatrical tradition knows nothing of subtlety), but constantly keeps our attention with absolute control over every aspect of its performance. <br /> <br /> The director was another immigrant, although one who had been around Hollywood a little longer and had no experience in the European film industry. However Joseph von Sternberg cultivated for himself the image of the Teutonic and artistic Teutonic Kino Meister (the "von" was invented, among other things), and took a very particular approach to the trade. To be noted in this photo is his management of rhythm and tone, a great example of being the first of the Russian flashback scenes. We open with a carefully constructed chaos with movements in converging directions, to which the audience becomes part while the camera moves away and the extras move on the screen. Then, when Jannings arrives, everything calms down. Jannings' performance is incredibly calm and measured, and when the players around him begin to mirror it, the effect is as if his simple presence had restored order. <br /> <br /> Sternberg seems to show aversion to violence, allowing the most frightening moments that must take place off the screen, and yet imply that they have happened with a flow of images that is almost poetic. In fact, it really seems to have a total lack of interest in the action. In the scene of the prisoner revolt Sternberg takes a detached and objective position, his camera finally withdraws into a position sprung to the wall. Compare this to the following scenes between Jannings and Evelyn Brent, which are a complex mixture of point-of-view shots and intense close-ups, which push us into the middle of their interaction. <br /> <br /> Personality on the set, it would seem that Sternberg was very similar to the cold and insensitive director played on the screen by William Powell, and in fact the representation of Powell is probably a sort of deliberate parody that even Sternberg himself would be been present. Unfortunately this stern attitude did not make him an easy man to work with, and along with his concentration on his technical resources over human ones, the smaller performances in his paintings leave something to be desired. While Jannings shows the classic hamming in Charles Laughton's dramatically functioning mode, it seems that no one has told his co-stars that they were not in a comedy. Evelyn Brent is quite good, gives us some emote, but we exaggerate her here and there. The only performance that comes close to Jannings is that of Powell himself. It is a bit strange to see the normally lovable star of The Thin Man and The Great Ziegfeld playing a figure so severe and humorless, like a male Ninotchka, but does a good job, revealing a latent emotional intensity beneath the outside hard. <br /> <br /> The last command could easily have ruffled some feathers in the offices of the studio, as it tends to happen with any disparaging commentary on the film making process, even a relatively quiet example like this. At least, I believe that many study heads would have been unhappy about the "behind the scenes" vision, as it threatened the mystique of cinema, which was still very much alive at that point. As it turned out, such was the impact of the photo that Jannings won the first Academy Award for Best Actor, as well as a Best Writing nomination for Lajos Biro and (according to some sources, although the problem is a bit vague) nomination for best film. This is significant, since the Academy was a small institution at this time and the first prizes were more than ever a bit of self-indulgent slap by the Hollywood elite. But the elite or not, they recognized the good material when they saw it, and they were willing to reward it.
