Zatoichi The Outlaw was the first film produced by his hero's production company (Shintaro Katsu), which is perhaps why this is a slightly lower voice in the series, although it is by no means weak overall. He tells us that our hero runs into two cities, rival bosses and a mysterious ronin who helps the poor and from this set up a story that includes tragedies, violence and not a little interest, all served to whip the sword, but inspired, which is one of the brands in the series. It is a fairly predictable plot and mounts not surprisingly, but it closes with style and is interesting. The useful ronin, for example, is a nobly inscrutable revolutionary character, upsets the established order without being depicted as a truly likable or heroic figure, the same Zatoichi commits one or two errors and causes damage with his actions, while the system dominant feeds the exploitation of the poor. It is a harsh world, with one or two more visceral moments than expected in combat, even if things are not as stimulating as they could be. Shintaro Katsu turns into a performance of Zatoichi's skill, mixing wisdom, deadly skill and worldliness with a subtly sad sense of vulnerability, while the solid work also comes from Rentarô Mikuni and an effectively fatal Kale Nishimura (later appearing as the "snake" superior of Katsu Magobei in the trilogy of Hanzo) as the two principal leaders of the film. There is also a good emotional turn from Yuko Hamada as an offended woman. The film loses through a trembling rhythm and a sequence of events not very well built, there is at least a slightly strident time jump and the power of the plot becomes a little lost, which means that when things overheat towards the end the film is not as exciting as it is, even the emotional impact is lost. The action or scenes of Zatoichi using his ingenious skills are well managed by director Satsuo Yamamoto, although some of the games of chance are less interesting and the film develops in a more workmanlike rather than inspired way, without the lively characters or the strong verve of some other installments. Anyway, I liked this, it has its flaws and it's not one of the best in the series, but it still contains a sweetly satisfying amount of entertainment, a good story and decent doses of Zatoichi's trademark genial and bizarre. Recommended for fans of the series, and a reasonable entry point, classy stuff even if it's not a real big deal.
