This is one of the strangest films of the Zat么ichi series due to its unusual rhythm and the role Ichi plays in the film. Interestingly, this was Zat么ichi's first film made by Shintaro Katsu's new production company. Now, instead of playing only the blind swordsman, Katsu is in charge of making the films. This could easily explain why this film looks so different in style than the previous 15 films. As for the role of Ichi, the film is very different because it is not in the film as usual. It's also easy to deceive and actually, for a while, it hurts people a lot instead of helping! <br /> <br /> "Zat么ichi R么yaburi" starts with Ichi talking to an old lady who tries to take advantage of her blindness. Strangely, in this scene, Ichi says he was blind as a child, although in a previous film he says his blindness was established when he was 8 years old. This is a minor mistake, and only a fan like me would have noticed. br /> <br /> This film takes place over a period of at least six months and is more likely to have taken a year - so you can see what I said on a strange pace. Most films in the series take place over a few days or weeks. Ichi arrives in a city where there is a boss (Asagoro) who tries very hard to be nice to Ichi because he knows about the blind man's reputation. The boss is quite charming and surprisingly Ichi is totally taken by the evil man. At the same time, he meets another leader (Shushui) - a sort of guru of the poor. Shushui warns people to abandon all violence and even Ichi falls under his teaching - giving up his blade for many months. Shushui teachings are very similar to Taoist teachings from China: non-violence and acceptance of life as it is (for better or for worse). <br /> <br /> Months after leaving this city and thinking that all was well, Ichi discovers that as soon as he is gone, Asagoro showed his true colors - enslaving women, oppressing the poor and being a jerk in the round. In a sense, Ichi is responsible for this, as he helped Asagoro and counted him as a friend. Now, Asagoro has captured Shushui and several innocent people have killed themselves because of the actions of the evil boss. <br /> <br /> When Ichi returns, he does not automatically accept that Asagoro is good or bad but he tests him skillfully. This piece with a scarecrow is inspired and leads to a finale in which, what else, Ichi kills the bad guys and frees Shushui. This finish was very good and occurred in the rain. Then the final scene with Asagoro and the rocks is great, even if the beheading is a little rough compared to today's special effects standards. <br /> <br /> The pluses for the film are, although uninspiring, different and cannot be mistaken for the previous 15 (which often seem very similar). Moreover, it ends very well. The negative aspects (apart from the rhythm) are that some may not see Ichi so fallible and the scenes with Ichi and the other blind that are included for the comic relief fall flat ... very, very, very flat. They are sticky and little fun ... this is the kind of apartment that it is.
