Gundam Wing is an incredible show from beginning to end, every single episode is a joy to watch. The story is typical of the Gundam, in the future the populations of the Earth grow to the point where we create space colonies to expand. But the story is set in a completely different reality than any other Gundam show. It is the year after the Colonia 195 and the corrupt government of the Earth, known as the Alliance of the Sphere of the Earth, is violently conquering the free colonies. To combat the Alliance's control and the even greater threat to come (a wicked militarist organization hiding inside the Alliance known as OZ, which later takes control of the Earth and the colonies), some members of the colonies they send 5 super-powerful mechs to Earth to try to save the colonies from the threat that will soon come. These mechs, known as Gundams, fight with OZ and try to regain peace in the colonies while OZ takes the stage, completely eliminating the Alliance and taking control of the Earth and its colonies. <br /> <br /> Gundam Wing as I used to be, is probably the most fun Gundam series to look at in my opinion. Much of this is the difference between this series and any other Gundam series before it, but the stories are much deeper and more complex than most other Gundam series. Gundam Wing has more depth and excitement than any other Gundam show I've ever seen so far. This particular series seemed to focus more on the character and relationships between those characters than on the epic space battle. Now don't get me wrong, this show still has many epic battles inside it, and the show still retains the epic atmosphere that the other Gundam series have, but it does so by making the story follow a cast of 6 or 7 characters as opposed to follow only 1. <br /> <br /> No matter how you look at it, this is really one of the most unique and fun Gundam series out there, and I highly recommend it to any anime fan, or fi in general. The show features amazing animation and superb action, but the depth and complexity of the plot are what make you go back more. The characters are so well designed at the end of the show that you end up loving each one of them. This show is definitely not to be missed. <br /> <br /> A perfect 10/10!
