The Matador is more suitable for reflection because the moment you look at it, it looks so light. Humor is always of medium intensity, never little fun, but never destructive. The plot is a very simple thread. The features of the plot are often recycled features, meaning the unscrupulous villain who needs a friend and the good glass-clad boy who needs security in life joins and learns from each other and somehow complement each other each other. I also find the bullfight parallel to the story useless, as it is simply cruel and the symbolism is not powerful enough to stand. However, it is really a good film, because even if at the time it seemed so subtle and not very affectionate, it wasn't. It has a subtle way of connecting with the public. I think the reason why slowly but surely gives the public something to take with them is because even though it's a formula that is nothing new, even most humor, both main characters, practically the only characters in it, are somehow encountered and known. Forget calling them true. It is not at all what I mean. What I mean is that although the humiliating, hot and lousy character of Pierce Brosnan is a detached comic character, he is firmly grasped by the writer and certainly by Brosnan, who is aggressively communicating how much he likes his breath of fresh air by James Bondless. The character of Greg Kinnear seems the same in his reckless distinction, but he gave some very unexpected notes that for a moment due to the lightness of the film pass by us but then strike us only a moment later. We therefore realize that the film is not simply Analyze this or Planes, Trains and Automobiles said stally again. He's really saying something. <br /> <br /> The climax of the film is of a genre that wants to be partially a thriller with twists. But with its lightness, how can this be the focal point of the film, even if the plot preceded us? No, the focus is on what Brosnan and Kinnear come out of their unlikely relationship to each other. Oddly, The Matador is a film about regret and loneliness. Brosnan faces loneliness and regret every day, and even if we don't understand why Kinnear is so forgiving and accepting with Brosnan that he continually interrupts his life, it is slowly understood that Brosnan is saving Kinnear from a version more proper to his own feelings as a means of redemption. The last scene of the film stays with me. I think it's the point where the thin side impact of the film starts to filter.
