Mobile Suit Gundam Wing is the fourth series of continuous Gundam chronicles. Unlike previous rumors that focused on mass wars, this is a bit different; instead of having an army-against-army situation, it is led by five teenagers (thanks to their ability to more easily blend in with normal adults) and their machines called "Gundams" because of the metal alloy used in their construction. Which leads to problems, since the gundams should be destroyed, replaced by "Mobile Suit", which are less destructive piloted platforms and "Dolls" that are in circulation on A.I. and are used as grunting infantry. <br /> <br /> The whole point of the series is a metaphysical question that gives Gundam Wing an advantage over a larger portion of the Soul that makes its way here. Especially since most of the anime is adapted from popular magazines, like Naruto, DragonBall, One Piece, DragonBall Z and InuYasha, all from Shonen Jump, which is now available in America. <br /> <br /> Mobile Suit Gundam Wing sets apart most souls in the fact that instead of exaggerated mortal battles that look more like gods, Gundam is very humanistic and seems to enjoy the fact that it is dramatic rather than melodramatic and the events seem to unfold through the series gracefully. Normally in anime there are more than a few series that think that the best way to face a "small" battle is to spend half an hour - something that would never happen in real life. Gundam surpasses it by making sure that everyone knows that the characters will die, the machines will be destroyed and rebuilt, the battles will be lost and won, and it never seems as if it is making the actions themselves satirical. <br /> <br /> But the magic of Gundam Wing is in the details, and what this series has that more souls would be grateful to have. Emotion. Instead of mythical prophecies, magic or exaggerated martial arts, Gundam Wing is a science fiction from the hard line of a country that hates hard-line science fiction. (NOTE: The author would like to state that Neon Genesis Evangelion is not a very plausible science fiction - in real life because of the religious arguments that are the core of his series) that love Star Wars, but hate A.I. (the film). From now on why Gundam Wing was and Gundam SeeD is now in production for both Japanese and US versions simultaneously with two teams of voices. The American public only has to wait two or three weeks after the end of the Japanese season to catch the dubbed or subtitled versions or even the modified SeeD episodes broadcast on Cartoon Network. <br /> <br /> The thrill is that these two sides that are fighting a war are technically backward. The heroes are those who defend the rights of the richest and most aristocratic citizens of the Earth from the gang of terrorists bent on victory at all costs that make up the protagonists of Mobile Suit Gundam Wing. This is not war, this is "total war". Every person, every building, every street is a target for attack, both on Earth and outside. <br /> <br /> My only complaint, and the reason why it didn't get the score of ten, is that around three o'clock, it's just kind of a death for some episodes and no one really seems to change. A bit like a flashback of the present time, which is fine due to what it reveals about the characters, but at the same time drags down what should be the production between Project: Meteor and OZ. But the last two episodes and the movie Overplayed-on-Cartoon-Network (in 2001-2003) Mobile Suit Gundam Wing: Endless Waltz more than compensated for the game.
