Does a team of archaeologists discover a real treasure ?? the crown of the queen of Sheeba. From Egypt, the crown must be transferred by steamboat to San Francisco. But it will not be an easy journey. There are many would-be thieves who would like to get their hands on the priceless jewels in the crown. Fortunately for everyone involved, Mr. Moto is available to protect the crown on his journey. However, this does not mean that someone will not try to get their hands on the treasure. <br /> <br /> After the disappointment of Mr. Moto's Gamble, I went to Mr. Moto. He takes a vacation hoping for the best, but, certainly, fearing the worst. But within the first 10 seconds of the movie, I knew I would find it more enjoyable. I'm a sucker for a 1930s style mystery that has something to do with archaeological excavations in Egypt. And to see Moto disguised as a German archaeologist (imagine that Peter Lorre played a German?), The initial scenes really attracted me. Although the film quickly moved to the less exotic San Francisco, it remained just as enjoyable. Dark and sinister characters lurking in the rainy night; gunshots fired from open windows that for a moment are missing from the hero's head; sophisticated and presumed infallible warning systems that simply implore someone to test them; and criminal masters believed to be dead? these are the kind of elements found in many of the great mysteries of the 1930s that I love. And Mr. Moto takes a vacation he has them all. Another couple of bonuses for me included the always fun Lionel Atwill in a beautiful role, comic relief from G.P. Huntley is really funny, and a return to form for Mr. Moto. I have already mentioned his disguise in the opening scenes of the film, and the athletic Moto comes out near the end of the film. Motion is like a rotating dervish of activity as it pursues its prey. All this and I have not even mentioned the wonderful performance of Lorre. The way you look at him, Mr. Moto Takes a Vacation is a winner. <br /> <br /> As much as I hate that the Mr. Moto series is over after this episode, it's understandable when you think about it. World War II was just around the corner. And after Pearl Harbor, a movie with a Japanese hero wouldn't have gone very well. At least Mr. Moto's series ended on a very positive note.
