Julian Noble (Pierce Brosnan) is a hit man. Or a "victim facilitator", as he prefers to be called. He is also a drunk, a womanizer and in the midst of a mid-life crisis. In a job in Mexico City, he meets Danny White (Greg Kinnear), an unsafe businessman who thinks he has just finished a roll recently, but he is not sure. They meet in the hotel bar late at night, after they both had too many margaritas. It looks like the set-up for a comic numbers thriller, isn't it? ? But it is not. Instead, The Matador is a fun and sometimes moving character study. Avoid any hits that the previous summary would suggest, sometimes even setting it just to bring it down cheerfully. It's a movie that respects the characters enough to let them go on, without feeling the need to push them into useless plot intrigues. <br /> <br /> The hit-man Brosnan will inevitably be compared to his Bond, but this is not right for both performances. Bond is a semi-formed idea, a product of all that has happened before; while Julian is a complete character with his own motivations and defects. He existed in his dark and squalid world for so long that he forgot how to talk to another human being. <br /> <br /> When he meets Danny in the hotel bar, he sees his opposite: a normal boy with normal work and normal problems. Envy Danny; the killer is fed up with his life, he sees himself getting closer to his inevitable "burn out", as he says. But when Danny opens up about the death of his only son, Julian tries to change the subject with a dirty joke. He is a man who, in his own words, "escaped from every emotion". Kinnear has his opposite to Brosnan's performance, and injects Danny White with his effortless charm. It's Julian's perfect support; while the latter is bold and drunken hedonism, Danny is down on the ground, with a hint of eccentricity. But he too goes deeper than his consolidated personality, showing us how far the ordinary man will be in the face of financial and family ruin. <br /> <br /> There is a real chemistry between Brosnan and Kinnear. It is more visible in the three key scenes of the film: the hotel bar; a bullfight, during which Julian tells Danny what he does for a living, and leads him through a dress rehearsal; and a scene where Julian shows up at Danny's house six months later. This scene also introduces us to Danny's wife, Bean (yes, Bean). In another example of how much the Matador respects his characters, Bean (Hope Davis), instead of panicking in the presence of an assassin in his house, simply asks with forced calm: "Did you bring your gun?" The script is not as good as it could have been after perhaps another rewrite. One or two lines seem a little forced, and a couple of lines require a little more work. But in the scenes where Julian and Danny (and later Bean) talk, the writing is superb. The film does not need to put the characters in foreign situations (in addition to meeting a hit man, and said the killer who showed up at the door). He lets them talk, gently pushes them to the necessary plot points. <br /> <br /> There is action, but only when it reflects on the characters. A noteworthy example is when Julian does a job in Budapest because he continues to see himself through his rifle scope. The rest of the film is about the characters, how they interact, how they influence each other. And ultimately, it's about friendship, even in the most unlikely places. At one point, Julian tells Danny that he is his only friend. And he really means it.
