It is very difficult to evaluate this film. As an entertainment value for 21st century viewers, it fails miserably. However, for the student of the first sound films and of history, it is a jewel. "Show of Shows" was a film shot to compete with MGM's hit "Hollywood Revue 1929", which still survives intact with its Technicolor scenes. <br /> <br /> The purpose of the all-star magazine was to show the silent stars of a studio particularly in speaking roles and show that they could make the transition. However, Warner Bros. seems to have forgotten it and employs many actors and stars who didn't even have long-term contracts like Ben Turpin, Lloyd Hamilton, Beatrice Lillie and even a band. Meanwhile, their biggest talent - Al Jolson - is noticeably absent. Even with a high salary he could not be forced to participate. Almost every act is too long and the film sounds like a dozen Vitaphone shot glasses tied together. The finish is also too long, but it's really fun with all its dance numbers. <br /> <br /> The highlights of the film are two issues from Winnie Lightner - "Pingo Pongo" and "Singin in the Bathtub", a couple of issues with Nick Lucas, John Barrymore playing Shakespeare and the Chinese fantasy " Li Po Li "with Nick Lucas and Myrna Loy. This last number is the only part of the film that survives in Technicolor, and it's really very interesting. Quite reasonably, the players of these good deeds were long-term Warner Bros. stars, so maybe the director knew how to play their strengths since he was familiar to them. <br /> <br /> This film acts as a snapshot to a strange point in the history of cinema - the year 1929, which was the year of the bridge between two eras: the silent and sound eras, the roaring 20s and the Great Depression. Only two years later this same film would have had a completely different cast, like Warner Bros. would have abandoned its stars of the silent era and the stars they had hired just to produce the first musicals in favor of those stars that gave to Warner Bros its distinctive urban appearance and feel - James Cagney, Joan Blondell, Edward G. Robinson and others.
