This is a colossal vulgar shocking colossal and extravagant retelling of all the movie stars that Warner Bros could afford. ... and like most of the other rarely made films, made in the late 1920s, an unforgettable opportunity to see and hear the exuberance and youth of the true roaring twenties dedicated to singing and dancing. THE SHOW OF SHOWS is rather gigantic. Vaudeville recites after soliloquy after tap dancing after acrobat after comedy after fan-dance after the ukulele madness after Rin Tin Tin which introduces 'an oriental number' ... (!) ... and back and forth saw, smiles and squeaks in fabulous quality of the Vitaphone sound gramophone. It's too long, but among the delirious delights there is the impressive number "Singin in the Bathtub" created on a scale of which the QE2 architects would be proud ... Beatrice Lillie hanging out next to a grand piano with some kids from the happiness that gurgling while having fun in witty and witty, Nick Lucas, and the endless grand final in two colors ... which is all set for the song LADY LUCK. . So acute are the choir line of little tubes and the adolescents who jump to make us participants who almost kick each other repeatedly in their own faces with joy and effort. Row after row of "Doll" characters pass and some even emerge from the floor. I'm not kidding, there are also girls tied to crystal chandeliers, mummified with shiny gauze and chained with strings of pearls, unable to move (for days, I imagine, during production) while this katzenjammer of athletics unleashed and spasm under the Ukulele orchestra. Obviously I liked it a lot and I had to watch this color ending endlessly and then invite friends and relatives to the screen for weeks and weeks just to scare and terrify each of them separately and wander around the lounge screaming with joy at each and every exclamation of the their alarmed reactions. And so you should ... and rejoice that there was a time when this was created simply to entertain and amuse. It's all so insane.
