I saw this film again as an assignment for my management class. We mainly had to comment on the different management styles and ideas on the quality (of the product). I rented it in the eighties and I remember it is a good (but not exceptional) film. I've always liked Michael Keaton's style and delivery. It was perfect for the film. <br /> <br /> I'm surprised to see some of the low ratings for this movie. I give you yes it is not an Oscar but has a decent comic value. It is more a subtle comedy than a farce comedy all-out. I also find some of those who felt it was a film inaccurate about cultural and business differences. I beg to differ. I grant you once again that there are many generalities and dramatizations, but then again this is a Hollywood film, not a documentary. From what I read about the differences between Automakers on both sides of the Pacific at that time many of the main ideas were accurate for the time. <br /> <br /> Some of the fundamental differences were that Japanese workers made themselves feel like part of society as a whole. Teamwork has been emphasized. Perhaps they have made the company above everything. Where American workers had more than one direction versus type of employment relationship. The individual was more important than the company. I'll probably get some hate email for that comment. There are another difference: the way in which the quality was displayed and whose responsibility was to solve the problem. In many Japanese plants the defects or problems are examined and solved the moment they are discovered. Rather as a character in the film he said "it was the dealers problem (meaning the car dealer)". <br /> <br /> Many of these things are probably out of date but I'm sure some are still in circulation as many American cars producers are still struggling to keep up with the Japanese. If one is more interested in the theme of American, European and Japanese car manufacturers, I can recommend a book that studies this topic in more detail and has been done over the same period of time. The book is called "The machine that changed the world" by James Womack, Daniel Jones and Daniel Roos. This is a study on car manufacturers during and before the time period covered by this film. The parts are a bit dry, but I think you will also find a backup of most of the film.
