The Matador is a strange film. His main character, Julian, played with an unusual mix of Brosnan's charm and imbalance, is not your typical hero. Julian is a hit man who is experiencing a mid-life crisis. After spending 22 years in the cold-blooded murder profession, he now finds himself stressed and desperately alone. And so, after a chance meeting in a bar with Danny (Greg Kinnear), he gets stuck and starts a firm and embarrassed friendship. Danny, the quintessential good boy, has to do with some things in his life and, to tell the truth, he could also use a friend. The two make an unexpected connection, and Danny wanders around to hear Julian's story, even after learning the "unpleasant" truth about Julian's work. <br /> <br /> Matador approaches a topic not entirely unknown in cinema, the killer anti-hero (films like "Assassins" and "Grosse Pointe Blank" come to mind). But Matador differs in many key ways. First of all, killing and gore are implicit but are never shown in any detail, which means that if you are an action movie buff looking for an adrenaline rush this movie will probably disappoint you. And secondly, unlike most anti-hero films, Matador makes no attempt to show remorse and redemption from his main character. Julian's work is simply presented as a kind of thing "is what it is". This is unusual, given that 99.99% of us would consider killing for horrible money. Yet this unorthodox approach is perhaps what makes the film authentic. Even if we don't like to admit it, almost everything could become trivial after we've done it long enough, maybe even a murder. Do Julian's victims deserve to die? Who pays to have someone killed? Who knows. The film never deals with these questions. The focus is on Julian and his uncertain gait in a true friendship. If you read about someone like Julian in the newspaper, you will think that people like him should be torn from society like cancer, but forced to look at his life, you are attracted by his intense humanity. Sympathy for the devil, I imagine. <br /> <br /> Brosnan's interpretation of Julian is well done and deeply disturbing. He does not completely separate himself from his James Bond appearance and linear charm, but only adds disturbing quirks to the mix. Weird or crude comments in polite conversations in between and sudden changes from the sweet charm to childish whims and sad desperate requests for acceptance. It makes you guess about his grip on his sanity and how it will affect those around him. It's a bit like listening to a pianist who occasionally and unexpectedly hits a wrong note while playing, but it works. The film, only the other important role, that of Danny, is not as meaty. Kinnear turns into a solid performance if not spectacular like a regular Joe with a life and regular problems of Joe. <br /> <br /> The movie doesn't really have any big shocks or twists from M Night Shyamalan, but I wasn't able to guess the ending and I felt fulfilling. He has no deep philosophical or spiritual insights and yet he felt very human. And he had no heart beating car chases or gun battles, yet I thought the pace was well done and I never got bored. Perhaps the only real message here is about the human need to reach and establish connections between them, and how those needs have no moral prerequisites. Even a murderer needs friends, and even good people can be friends with bad people. It is a comment on the strange and random world in which we live. A good movie; worth seeing.
