Sherman, set the return car for ... 1986. The United States was just emerging from the worst post-war recession, while Japan was enjoying an unprecedented industrial boom. The manufacturing industries were still a significant part of the US economy and the workers were a good example of "average American". The word "downsizing" had not yet entered the general vocabulary, but everyone knew the phenomenon. Bruce could be heard on the radio singing, "Foreman says these jobs are going, boy, and they won't be coming back to your hometown." Chrysler had just been rescued by Uncle Sam. You can see bumper stickers that say "Buy American - the job you save could be yours". <br /> <br /> "Gung Ho" does a better job of capturing the mood of the American industrial workforce than any other popular film made during that time. Surely the film has its flaws - some plot weaves and mediocre acting jobs from everyone except Michael Keaton and Gedde Watanabe. But the story is really about the encounter between East and West: Keaton's Hunt Stevenson personifies America, brazen and confident on the outside but insecure. Kazuhiro of Watanabe personifies Japan, on top of the pile with a successful system, but wondering if there is still much to learn from their western rivals. The plot of the film, imperfect as it is, simply provides a structure for the conflict, and ultimately the synthesis, of their two personalities. <br /> <br /> The acting of Keaton obscures all the others, and practically makes the film alone. I have always admired Keaton for his ability to provide lines that feel improvised, regardless of the script he is following. His character, Hunt Stevenson, is a nice, affable ordinary man, a natural leader with a star vein. But it has a fatal flaw common to many of us: it does not want to disappoint anyone. It will distract the crowd with inspiring anecdotes and even lie, rather than emphasize the ugly truth. <br /> <br /> Kazuhiro is the mirror image of Stevenson: timid and introspective, but also, because of his Japanese education, reluctant to be the bearer of bad news. The scene in which Stevenson first comes to Kazuhiro with employee complaints perfectly captures the Japanese approach to workplace conflict. Kazuhiro responds to Stevenson's complaints with "I understand what you're saying", but he won't reject his requests out loud. Stevenson mistakenly interprets this as an agreement, and leaves saying "Ok, we settled down". (This is still a problem in 21st century trade relations between Japan and America!) <br /> <br /> Ultimately, Kazuhiro and Stevenson have the same problem: running the factory smoothly, achieving production targets and fulfill their responsibilities to the workers below them. In working towards this goal, everyone must take a page from the other people's book. Kazuhiro's family is becoming more "Americanized" is an obvious example. He also notes that Stevenson thinks it is strange when Kazuhiro explains how he publicly apologized to his workers for failing them - and yet, later in the film, Stevenson does exactly that. <br /> <br /> The plot and its resolution is a little cornball, but hey, this is a comedy. If you can overlook the flaws of the film, here is a great story of self-realization and open-mindedness.
