Many overlook that this is not just a classic because it is the first 3D game, or even the first shoot-up. It is also one of the first stealth games, one of the few (and certainly the first) truly claustrophobic games, and just a pretty well-rounded gaming experience in general. With terribly dated graphics today, the game drives you to play the role of B.J. (don't even * think of trying to pronounce his surname!), A P.O.W. American captured in an underground bunker. Fight and search your way through the tunnels to reach different goals for the six episodes (but, let's face it, most of them are just an excuse to deliver a weapon, surround yourself with Nazis and send you out to waste Nazi leaders one) . The graphic is, as I said before, quite dated and very simple. The least detailed of virtually any 3D game released by a team of creative professionals. If you can overcome it, however (and some suggest that this simplicity does nothing but increase the effect the game has on you), then you have a heck of a good sneak shooter. The game consists of searching for keys, health and ammunition, exploding enemies (the aforementioned Nazis and an "enemy boss" by chapter) of varying difficulty (which, of course, increases as you move further in the game), unlocking doors and looking for secret rooms. There is a count of bonuses after each level has been beaten ... it depends on how fast you were (in practice, if you beat the 'par time', which is the time taken by a tester to go through the same level, this can be quite fun to try and beat, and with the difficulty with which the levels are able to enter, they are also difficult after many play-throughs), how much Nazi gold (treasure) you have collected and how many villains you have killed. Basically, if you get 100% of the above, you get a bonus, helping you reach the coveted highest scoring position. The game (mainly, but not always) allows two different contrasting methods of playing ... secretly or shooting at everything and everything you see. You can run or walk, and between your weapons there is also a knife ... running feels instantly the moment you step into the same guard room as the gunshots do. Many guards stand with their backs to you, which means you can walk behind them and stab them ... almost silently. In your inventory, you can get no less than four weapons and two keys ... more on weapons later. The keys unlock certain doors. Most of the doors in the game are not locked ... only two types need keys, and these keys are introduced only in the next levels (it starts again from levels, armaments, health, score and lives are restored in each chapter). Much of the next game is dedicated to finding them. Now, as I just mentioned, this game, like many of the period (late 80s, early 90s), is based on the collection of extra lives ... personally, I think it is completely and utterly useless (it was mercifully abandoned by here later fine ... I think (?), from the next 3D shooter and onwards), since you can save whenever you want and "use a life" restores weapons, health and ammunition, like starting a new chapter ( which is a real pain in the later levels, where you * need * heavier artillery). Now, I'll beat around the bush no more ... moving on to the guns! It starts with the aforementioned knife (which is silent but effective only closely) and a gun ... nothing special, but good for storing ammunition, unlike the next two bad boys. Your third weapon is a German SMG ... a machine gun. It's faster and more automatic, and some subsequent enemies use it. And the last ... is nothing short of a Gatling rifle! Oh yeah! Think of T2. Think Predator. He plans to dump huge amounts of lead into Nazi devils with such a gun. It's as fun as it sounds. Most of the boss's enemies use it, so be prepared. I will not reveal the identity of these enemy bosses, however ... this is for every player to be discovered for him (or himself). The sound is excellent ... very sharp and realistic. While you feel the tear of a machine gun shot, the deafening clank of a door slamming behind you or a Nazi who screams in surprise or a warning in German, you really have the feeling of being there, trapped in these dark and depressing systems bunker. It follows me well in the design of the level ... while you run through seemingly endless corridors, almost identical, towards the next elevator that takes you beyond, you are caught by a claustrophobic mood. I almost had more car sickness more than once (although this could also have something to do with little sleep, a lot of humidity and unusual warmth ...) from playing. Although the level of detail is not terribly high, what is there is great. Remains of victims, quarters of watch and innumerable Nazi symbols ... the list goes on. The game also has a bit of cool ... for its limited graphics engine, John Romero and the crew have certainly put all the blood and guts that they could for the game. What remains to be said ... the first of its kind, and it is no wonder that this has generated countless other 3D shooters. Of course, the bobbing of the weapons and different levels of height (scales and the like) didn't come around until the next entry in the genre ... Doom ... and it was Duke Nukem 3D that introduced the function of changing the view ( so it goes over to the left and to the right, adding vertical dimensions to it), and the jump didn't come until a third, later title (the first Quake, possibly? Companions of players, help me out here) ... but all those games, like the rest of the genre, owe their existence to this. Then load the Luger, open the door to enter the bunker and enter B.J.'s shoes. ... deserves recognition, too (or perhaps even in particular?) Almost fifteen years after its appearance. I have recommended it to all fans of 3D games. 8/10
