Eric Stoltz offers an extraordinary performance as Joel Garcia, a successful young novelist who finds himself paralyzed and in a special disabled hospital recently after breaking his neck in a hiking accident. As he learns to cope and adapt to the gravity of his new limited physical condition, Joel befriends the warm, charming womanizer Raymond (a fantastic Wesley Snipes) and the sinister and racist racist biker Bloss (a terrifying William Forsythe), who gets he feels threatened by the diverse multi-ethnic ranks of other patients with whom he is forced to share a room. Joel also receives substantial support from his faithful and loving, but married girlfriend Anna (brilliantly played by Helen Hunt). But he still has to deal with being disabled by himself. <br /> <br /> The key triumph of this extraordinary film is its laudably commendable refusal not to sanitize or to sentimentalize the gravity of what these men are going through. The directors Neil Jimenez (who also wrote the thoughtful and insightful screenplay) and Micheal Steinberg tell the story with exceptional taste, humor and warmth, addressing in particular with disarming candor and concreteness how being disabled is irremediably altering one's lifestyle, including and above all one's sex life (this point is very effectively achieved in a surprising sequence when Joel and Anna try not to make love in a motel room). In addition to the expected harshness, the film also provides a surprising surplus of raw and earthy, mischievously humorous humor, highlighted by the resounding sequence with Joel and Bloss making a secret night expedition in a strip club. The uniformly superb acting qualifies as another significant advantage: Stoltz, Snipes, Forsythe and Hunt are all exceptional, with support shifts shown by Grace Zabriskie as the loving and loving mother of Bloss and Elisabeth Pena and William Allen Young as nurses compassionate hospitals. Despite the sad argument, the film turns out to be a very moving, positive and uplifting film test for the extraordinary strength and duration of the human spirit. A simply wonderful gem of a drama.
