This film never received the attention it deserved, although this is one of the best acting pieces for ensemble and one of the most realistic stories I've seen on the screen. Clearly filmed on a small budget in a real V.A. Hospital, the center of the story is Joel, very well played by Eric Stoltz. Joel was paralyzed in a motorcycle accident and arrives in the hospital in a ward with other men who have spinal injuries. Joel is in love with Anna, her married lover, played by Helen Hunt, who shows the first signs of her latest Academy Award-winning work. <br /> <br /> Although the Joel-Anna relationship is the main focus, there are many other well-developed characters in the department. Wesley Snipes does a tremendous job like the angry Raymond. Even more impressive is William Forsythe as the harsh and racist Bloss. I think Forsythe's two best scenes are when he becomes frustrated and angry with the square dancers, and, later, when he feels empathy for a young Korean who was killed by a liquor store. My favorite scene with Snipes is the discussion on the round table on post-injury sexual options. <br /> <br /> The chemistry between Stoltz and Hunt is very strong, and they have two very intimate but not free sex scenes. Orgasm in the department is both sexy and fun. There is also another memorable scene where Joel and Bloss and the Korean boy take the specially equipped van to the strip bar. It's really a comedy of mistakes as they make their weak attempts to get the van to see "naked women". <br /> <br /> The story is made even more touching by the fact that the director, Neal Jimenez, is paralyzed in real life. This is basically his story. This film is real, not glossy or flashy. Having the amount of talent in a film with such a small budget is amazing. I recommend this film to everyone I see, because it is one of those films that also improves in a second aspect. It is a pity that such a great job is overlooked, but through video, perhaps it can get the attention it deserves so much.
