At first glance, this film looks like Keifer Sutherland's 24 series for the big screen. With an emphasis on a plot to assassinate the President of the United States, a race against time, and a lot of intelligence agents, the agency in the spotlight in The Sentinel. <br /> <br /> But wait, the main character turns the character of Michael Douglas, Pete Garrison, instead, a veteran secret service agent famous for taking the bullet for Reagan in 1981. The SS agents are specially trained to "take the bullet", which is what makes them special - who in the right mind will stand on the line of a bullet and a target? But Garrison is implicated in the plot of the assassination and must run for his life while at the same time making his investigations on the plot. All this because of his failure in a polygraph test, due to his adulteration of the First Lady (Kim Basinger). Tsk. <br /> <br /> There are shades of In the Line of Fire by Clint Eastwood. Both staged elderly actors, and long-standing veterans were heroes with some historical references, who took the bullet in their respective tours. While Eastwood's film has a more enigmatic enemy in John Malkovich, The Sentinel suffered from the lack of a strong central enemy, preferring to share responsibility for the murder of many forgotten villains of the former KGB and the mole in the presidential detail. With Douglas escaping from the law, it becomes similar to Dr. Richard Kimble of The Fugitive, driving the proverbial man with one arm and, at the same time, relying on his intelligence to outsmart his fellow agents, which turned out to be quite interesting to look at - despite the clear processes, it still reduces the performance and gullibility of individual agents. <br /> <br /> Keifer Sutherland and Eva Longoria, the best TV stars of today from 24 and Desperate Housewives, are relegated to supporting roles such as the Secret Service investigators who are examining Garrison's likely involvement in the conspiracy of the murder and, at times, seem to have lost the pages of the CIS with their forensic abilities. The lovely couple had a chemistry that might have looked like Fox Mulder and Dana Scully of X-Files, but unfortunately these two had very little to do here. We know why I'm in the film, which is to get fans into the movies. Also, the role of Longoria seemed unable to shake off her sexy mother Gabrielle, and here, she has her in pretty low shirts (Sutherland actually tells her to cover herself) and tight pants (feast of looks for other agents). <br /> However, it is still a rather interesting look at the life of the most loaded and most loaded protection data in the world and the typical threats they face every day, including following the threats of all the crazy people over the life of the most powerful man of the world. It's a decent suspense and an investigative thriller, with enough subplots to keep you entertained. But one thing though, like most of the final action sequences, this one has a loophole big enough to make you fly a jumbo jet.
