The curriculum of Charles McDougall includes the directing of episodes on "Sex and the City", "Desperate Housewives", "Queer as Folk", "Big Love", "The Office", etc. So it comes with all the credentials to make the film version of the film Meg Wolitzer's novel SURRENDER, DOROTHY is a success. And for the most part he manages to keep this potentially mushy story about the sudden death of a loved one and how people in his life react to the surface. <br /> <br /> Sara (Alexa Davalos) a beautiful young unmarried woman accompanies her best friends - gay playwright Adam (Tom Everett Scott), Adam Shawn's current close (Chris Pine) and the couple married Maddy (Lauren German) and Peter (Josh Hopkins) with their newborn son - in a home in the Hamptons for a summer vacation. The group seems happy until a trip to Adam and Sara's local ice cream turns into a car accident that kills Sara. Meanwhile, Sara's mother, Natalie Swedlow (Diane Keaton), who has an active social life but constantly calls her daughter in vain with the mutual "Surrender, Dorothy" greeting, is playing it elsewhere: when she receives the call that Sara is dead , he immediately comes to the Hamptons where his overbearing personality and his pain create friction between Sara's friends. Slowly but surely, Natalie discovers the secrets of each of them, thrives in talking about Sara, as if doing so could give her life. Natalie's thirst for truth at all costs translates into major changes in the group and it is only through the binding love of the Sara game that they eventually unite. <br /> <br /> Diane Keaton is at her best in these roles which is a common thread between drama and comedy and her presence holds the story together. The script has its moments for good jokes, but it also has a lot of filler that gets a little heavy and grumpy, making the actors obviously uncomfortable with the lines that are given. Yes, this story has been told many times - the impact of sudden death on the lives of those whose privacy is altered by revelations - but the film moves at a rapid pace and has enough entertainment to make it worth seeing. Grady Harp
