The author of "Nekromantik", the second feature by Jörg Buttgereit, "Der Todesking" is a powerful masterpiece. Centered around a chain of letters from a group called "The Brotherhood of the Seventh Day", the film shows 7 episodes, each consisting of a day during a week, in which suicide is approached using different characters and situations while the letter is doing is a round. Don't touch it if you like Hollywood movies or musicals, enjoy "normal" movies happy or even remotely, or expect a movie to be just good if it focuses on the stage. <br /> <br /> The nihilist, The avant-garde approach of Der Todesking explains well, because the Buttgereit films in general were banned in Germany, their country of origin, in the 1980s and in most of the years '90. Der Todesking is not really focused on the characters that appear on the screen, but the apathy or meaningless depression of most people is generally constituted. Buttgereit finds no reason to continue living, just reasons to stop, and in choosing how and when you die, you can also be the king of death, Der Todesking. <br /> <br /> Buttgereit films are generally difficult to categorize and Der Todesking is no exception. With the same crew and the same cast of all his other films, "art film" would probably be the closest description each time. Der Todesking presents an original method for shooting, creating the atmosphere and managing the central object in almost all scenes. During a scene, the camera slowly continues to turn 360 degrees, while a person lives in a small one-room apartment for a day. During the other, Buttgereit uses sound and film corruption to represent a man's collapse mental state, while he lingers in his despair. During a third, the names of the seemingly pleasant scenes, the ages and occupations of real people who committed suicide are shown on the screen, presumably justifying the German ban on this particular film. <br /> <br /> Episode movies (and especially this one, since the scenes are only loosely connected) generally suffer from inconsistency, and Der Todesking is no exception. While all the episodes have the same focus of inflicted death and its consequences or sequences in all its variations, there are very powerful episodes, yet an episode or two might even seem to be filling material, partly drying up the overall power of the film - yet, the immensely powerful intermittents that describe a decomposing body manage to hold the film together and clean it from its most vague moments, returning to the state of greatness. The general atmosphere is disconcerting, impressive, very depressing and sometimes even disgusting - so much so that dozens of people remained in the middle of the film during a theater at a film festival of which I took part. <br /> <br /> This is a film that leaves a lasting impression and I highly recommend it to anyone looking for a special experience and something they will surely remember for years to come. Not recommended for the faint of heart or for fans of the show, this is a small and different film that really sensitizes the audience. Whether it is confusion, amazement or even hatred, there is no risk of being left cold by this, in my opinion the best result of this small independent group. <br /> <br /> The main theme of the film, "Die Fahrt in Reich der Menschentrümmer part I-III" was published in a limited edition 666 piece vinyl, which is now highly sought after. It is still possible to get the classic masterpiece by getting the CD "The Nekromantik", which the music of the Lo-Fi synthesizer in the film is dark and bizarre, almost illusory, is an essential part of the film's atmosphere, and is something you would very rarely feel otherwise.
