"Like the first touch of pleasure and guilt, like a spontaneous and youthful flirtation of fascination and fear, like a climax of contrary emotions", said one of the cinephiles after seeing LOVE AT THE TOP, the wrong version of the title of the fashion director Michel Deville. MOUTON ENRAGE. <br /> <br /> Vincent Canby in the New York Times, however, immediately after the premiere of the 1974 film declared: "LOVE AT THE TOP that opened yesterday at the 68th Street Playhouse, is a 1973 French comedy reminiscent of vaguely a number of English comedies of the fifties on the rise and the rise of young cynics who owned and possessed ambition ". However, the significant difference he mentioned is the fact that LOVE AT THE TOP is not interested in the English class system ... (January 27th 1975) <br /> <br /> After leaving the assessments to individuals, of course , the test of time has done its right job. What can be said with certainty after more than 30 years is that we can hardly find films like LE MOUTON ENRAGE in which decadence appears innocent, where contacts appear to be enthusiastic youths, where feelings are so manipulative. <br /> <br /> For Romy Schneider fans, it seems pointless to point out that this film is a must see, not only because it gives a unique performance (as it did in all its roles) at the height of her career ( 9 years before his sudden death) but because he is particularly attractive here. It is not the TRIO INFERNAL in which the, so to speak, "forced escape" and the mockery of the sweet image of Romy persecuted for years by the saccharine Sissi meets its most discouraging manifestation, but a film in which the brilliant actress receives a right role . Suona Roberte, a woman who becomes the object of lust for the protagonist of the story, the playboy Nicolas Mallet (Jean Louis Trintignant). It is he who takes financial profits from lustful bonds. This film can boast some truly memorable and unique shots of Romy and are presented with some of her best scenes. Romy's sex appeal is unforgettable here. <br /> <br /> Another strength of the film is its performance of the content with a development of individual perception. Immoral though it may seem, the director makes a perfect use of contrast: conventions against pleasures, innocence vs decadence, sincere lust vs. instrumental relationship. Nicola owns most of the features that viewers might like or dislike, which they might find interesting or disgusting; however, his are the characteristics that viewers must seriously consider, more to say, they are the ones we must all accept. That's why, one is brought to a particular world, delicately wild and erotically unique to the main character. Although she sleeps with many women, there are two women who represent a kind of contrary worlds for Nicola: Roberte Groult (Romy Schneider) and Marie-Paul (Jane Birkin). He manipulates them, makes love with them, cannot hold back from the desire for his body and from the desire for money; however, he perceives them differently. Yet despite all this "adult maturity", it is emotionally like a child playing with a toy car on the table - a sort of "detailed view of the male mind ..." in a comic way, of course. <br /> <br /> Finally, there are excellent performances, which makes LE MOUTON ENRAGE slightly undervalued. Not only does the aforementioned Romy Schneider do a brilliant job providing viewers with an extraordinary vision of his role, but the young Jane Birkin seems to be convincing in the role of the young and inexperienced streetwalker Marie Paul, Jean Louis Trintignant makes it possible to see Nicola in the right way . This artistic merit that is hidden in the performances is accompanied by the extraordinary music of Camille Saint-Saëns, the melody that will play a long time in your ears. Therefore, apart from some defects of the film such as the dated colors, the slow action (sometimes), the possible clichés (noticed by some viewers), the merits should be considered significant. <br /> <br /> LE MOUTON ENRAGE, in short, is a clear manifestation of manipulative tools against life. It is worth seeing as a moment in Romy's career, a prelude to strong eroticism, a chain of contrary emotions, of love and hate, appreciation and disgust with respect to the first orgasm and the first anxiety ... But it is not us, human beings , "spectators", fans of films built on such contrasts?
