I can't say much about Kalifornia as unfortunately I still have to see the whole thing (I managed to see it in pieces on Fuse). But what I saw is absolutely fantastic! I'm a fan of Brad Pitt but I admit that not all his previous films are good. But this role, I alone, his acting is great, his Early character seems so normal okay okay scary, weird dark but you know normal for a hillbilly like that I think. And the performance of Juliette Lewis, although I can see how some might be annoyed, I think it's surprising. Unfortunately I have yet to see the end, but reading other reviews here seems good, but disappointing. I have to admit that I hope that David Duchovany (sorry if the spelling of that is not correct) was a bit flat but for him it was fine. His wife's character was better, and I thought his performance, although not the best in the film, was pretty good, an avant-Gard / older sister type portrait. In particular the scene in which Early and Brian go to play pool, and Adele and Carrie have fun together. I've seen that scene at least twice and still think that acting is just wonderful. One because of the emotion Adele portrays after talking about being raped by the three boys and how she feels about Early and Carrie's reaction to it. Everything I think is simply perfect. I mean, maybe it's because I can tell you a little, I'm not sure. <br /> <br /> As for Brad Pitt, who plays the serial killer we can see for once; I thought it was great. Some films with Pitt that I saw were just mediocre or not worth seeing. I don't think I've ever seen a terrible Pitt movie, nor is it due to his acting, but to other factors. This film was not one of those. He got a great performance in Kalifornia. I swear I'm not just a casual guy that I like for his acting, not just because it's beautiful, I mean, his character in this movie isn't exactly nice or cute in any way! Pitt is dark, thoughtful and downright scary at times. Yet he is also cheerful, funny, kind and also loving towards Adele. Sure, there are some points that made me want to reach through the TV and strangle him, but it's probably just me (and the character Pitt played in the movie). But it also shows how much the acting of Pitt was in this film made me forget that he was playing a character, that's what good acting should do. <br /> <br /> In any case I wish I could say more, but this is all I can really say without having seen the finale, I saw most of the film through what I discovered on Fuse and how I am writing that I'm recording on DVR, so I hope I can write a more complete review later. I just wanted to share my thoughts on a movie that I thought was something really nice and something that seems to have been overlooked (it shouldn't have!)
