I had already seen "Kalifornia" (it must have been about 10 years ago) and I still remember being very impressed. That's why I wanted to see it again and all I can say is that it hasn't lost its power yet, although I'm used to a lot more when it comes to films than I had ten years ago. > <br /> 'Kalifornia' tells the story of writer Brian Kessler and his girlfriend Carrie Laughlin, a photographer, who wants to move to California. But instead of getting on a plain and flying to the state where they say it never rains, they choose to take a trip by car. He wants to write a book about the most famous American serial killers and he will make the corresponding photos. But since their car uses an enormous amount of gasoline, they decide to take another with them, so that they can spend the travel costs. Only one couple responded to the addition, so they will automatically be the lucky ones. But they haven't met yet and when they see the other couple for the first time, when their journey has already begun, Carrie is shocked. Without wishing to be prejudiced, he can only conclude that Early Grayce and Adele Corners are poor park wastes. He certainly doesn't want them in his car, but Brian doesn't mind taking them with them at all and he decides to stop and pick them up anyway. At first the couple does not seem to be that bad, but gradually Early Greyce turns from a miserable hillbilly into a ruthless killer ... <br /> <br /> The story is not only impressive, as is the acting our four contacts. Brad Pitt is incredible as Early Grayce. His performance in this film could be his best ever. Same for Juliette Lewis. Sounds the childish and naive girl who doesn't want to hear a bad word about her Early and does it really well. But even David Duchovny and Michelle Forbes are a surprise. They both did a great job and I really wonder why we never heard anything from Forbes from this movie again, because she really shows she has a lot of talent. <br /> <br /> Overall this is a great and impressive psychological thriller with a very powerful story, but due to graphic violence, I can imagine that it might not be for everyone's taste (even if I don't really see another way of portraying a serial killer in a credible way). Personally I really liked this film and the violence never bothered me (it's a part of the story too important to be left out). Award this film with an 8/10.
