In the same vein as Natural Born Killers, another film that was not so popular among critics due to its excessive violence but which I also loved, Kalifornia is a film that clearly incites violence, but I like to think that this changes in the final act. A bit like the way the basketball diaries glamouring drugs at the beginning, but it shows the negative side at the end of the film, which is much worse than the good side. David Duchovny plays Brian Kessler, an artistic yuppie with an even more artistically yuppie girl, who is in that violent sexy black and white photo generally reserved, I don't know where, where nudity passes for art. Maybe he really does and I just don't understand it. However, Brian and Carrie (Duchovny and Michelle Forbes, who perfectly fit the role), make the perfect pair for a documentary tour of famous murder sites. Brian, the writer, will write the book, Carrie can take photos. <br /> <br /> Being artistic types, Brian and Carrie are not quite prepared for such a trip, so they posted an ad for someone to share gas and travel expenses and you are contacted by Early Grace and Adele Corners ( Brad Pitt and Juliette Lewis). Soon he is on probation and assigned to cleaning work at the local university by his probation agent, sees the announcement on a bulletin board and decides to leave the state for a while, violating his conditional freedom but also leaving the scene of the murder of his landlord will not have to deal with an annoying murder investigation. Two birds with one stone, you know. <br /> <br /> The film has a curious ability to portray two stereotypes, artistic yuppies and junk trailer stuff, without resorting to clichés or ending up with caricatures of either type. Brian and Carrie are artistic liberals, but while Carrie joins Early and Adele, Brian is fascinated by Early status as an outlaw, as seen in the scene where Brian shoots Early's gun. Never having fired a gun before, he is fascinated as a child. While Adele and Carrie are back at the hotel and Adele reveals these things in a childlike way as the fact that Early "broke" her smoking and that she is not allowed to drink (Early does not think women should), Early and Brian are out at the local bar. Brian reacts nervously to a drunk who tries to fight with him, and Early gives Brian advice on what to do and then enters and prepares a short lesson for the boy. "Hit him, Bri, he's coming." This is one of my favorite scenes in the film, partly because it's so funny that Early cheerfully tells how the boy's friends drag him away, bloodied and abused, but also because since it's the intercot with the girls in the hotel, we learn it so much at once about the two couples, their differences and the conflicts that could come because of them. And besides, since Brian benefited from the actions of Early and Carrie is upset by what he hears from Adele, he also illustrates the different way Carrie and Brian react to Early and Adele. <br /> <br /> Clearly, by now, you can say that this is not the typical kind of thriller of a strange couple, in which the people of the city come across country people and all sorts of stereotyped chaos ensues. On the one hand, it seems a bit too convenient for Brian and Carrie to do a homicide tour and are simply accompanied by a real murderer, but on the other hand it is a great way to counter the glorification of the murder that is inherent in the inside a country trip designed to bring fame to the killers and their crimes. While studying the actions of the assassins of the past, Brian and Carrie find themselves in front of the material they are studying, and they realize that the murder is not so fascinating or morbidly fascinating when it is in the face as it is through disconnected studies of past murders . <br /> <br /> I am constantly amazed by the versatility of Brad Pitt as an actor. Think, for example, of his roles in films like Kalifornia, 12 Monkeys, Fight Club and Ocean's 11 and 12. Pitt is like Tom Hanks in the fact that he can drastically change his appearance or enough to adapt to a certain character and is completely credible . Incidentally, I tried in vain to be Early Grace for Halloween this year, but I couldn't get the right hair and beard. I even had the right hat, which I initially thought would be the hardest part. <br /> <br /> It is easy to understand why many people did not like Kalifornia or why they think it glorifies violence and murder, but I think that whatever you glorify is done with the intention of clarifying the public's understanding of his topic. A film that has not glorified violence, at least initially, could never be as effective as Kalifornia, but the film perfectly structures it. Glorification is all embodied in the charm of Brian and Carrie with the idea of ​​murder and the auras of the places where it happened, but their realization, and ours, is embodied in the real thing, which they encounter with Early and Adele. The purpose of the film is precisely to describe that difference between idealizing violence and to see its horror up close and for real.
