Although I am grateful to this dark jewel of the 1970s of Italian exploitation cinema in the recently released "Grindhouse Experience" set, and although it is also available on disc under the misleading and stupid alternative title "Escape from the death", I think so deserves a proper and luxurious DVD edition, completely in the languages ​​originally spoken with subtitle options (dubbing is really horrible), image quality restored and a load of special bonuses! Heck, I don't even need the quality of the restored image and the bonus features if only we could watch the movie in its original language. "Mean Frank and Crazy Tony" is a cheerfully frantic mafia / crime film with a lot of violence, comedy (which, let's face it, doesn't always work), feminine beauty and two witty main characters. Tony Lo Bianco is as exceptional as the little thug who pretends to be the greatest Don of the city. When the real crime lord Frankie Dio (Lee Van Cleef) arrives in the city, he sees the opportunity to climb the ladder by offering his services. Frankie initially ignores the little scammer, but eventually they form an unlikely team when Frankie's entire criminal empire turns against him and a new French criminal mind even kills Frankie's innocent brother. Tony helps Frankie escape from prison and together they head for Marseilles to extract Frankie's revenge. The script of this sadly neglected crime gem mysteriously alters the gritty action and suspense with fragments of light comedy, such as the grotesque car chase through the narrow French mountain roads, for example. The typical execution sequences of the mafia (led by an excellent soundtrack by Riz Ortolani) are extremely tense and the real murders are sadistic and merciless, which is probably why the film is considered a classic of the grindhouse. The film lacks a strong female protagonist, given that the beautiful and incredibly voluptuous beauty Edwige Fenech sadly appears in a couple of scenes, and then again in the background. Joe D'Amato was among the men behind the camera, responsible for the superb cinematography. Great film, highly recommended for fans of Italian exploitation, and I hope to see it again soon in its original version.
