I had never heard of Leos Carax up to its Merde segment in recent years in Tokyo, and his was easily the strength of the three stories in the film. It wasn't my favorite of shorts, but it was the most unique and most iconic. "The Lovers on the Bridge" was the first of his feature films that I saw, a romantic virtuoso film that uses image and music to communicate an exuberant young love that overflows into poetry. Although classified as a neo-nouvelle fashion, his films owe much to silent films and experimental narratives of the 1960s. His films are closer to Jean Vigo in "The Atlas", Jean Cocteau and Guy Maddin, than to Godard and Truffaut. <br /> <br /> In the 1984 debut of Boy Meets Girl Carax uses black and white and strong dependence on visual representation to show emotional states. It combines the exaggerated worlds of Maddin, but based on a reality that never seems quite as stable as Cocteau, but by virtue of its expressions it becomes as accessible, emotional and engaging as Vigo's films. <br /> <br /> History of Boy Meets Girl is simple, and similar to Carax's next two films that include this trilogy of "Young lovers". A boy named Alex played by Denis Lavant (who plays a character named Alex in the next two Carax films), has just been abandoned by his girlfriend who fell in love with his best friend. In the first scene he almost kills his friend on a catwalk, but stops before the murder. He walks around her remembering the sounds of his neighbors having sex and daydreams of his girlfriend and his best friend who becomes intimate. Steal the documents for you and leave them in your friend's apartment, but avoid contacting one of them directly. He wanders and makes his way to a party, where he meets a suicidal young woman, and the film becomes part of "Breathless" and part "Limelight". <br /> <br /> It is later recommended by an old man with sign language to "speak for yourself ... young people today are as if they had forgotten how to talk". The old man tells an anecdote about how to work in the days of the silent film and about how a shy actor off stage has become a confident "lion" facing the camera. Here is where the film is pointing the hand, but the explicit reference to silent film is a crucial scene, as it overlaps with the style of the film (silent and expressionist), with the content (a young lover who tries to increase the courage to say and do the things he really wants). Although Alex is at first thoughtful and a stream of romantic words that fall from him in the end, he is the shy actor who becomes a lion thanks to the film that magnifies his inner feelings that are not easy to nail from moment to moment, apart from the desire to fall in love. <br /> <br /> There is a scene in the film where Alex retires from the party in a room where guests have hidden their children and children, all crying in a choir that fills that room, until it lights up a a children's show tape making them shut up. Unexpectedly due to an inconvenience, the TV ends up playing a secret bathroom camera that reveals the lady of the house sobbing with herself in her wig for someone who misses her. Although Carax is self-reflexive and self-deprecating in the kind of gripping anguish of her age that she is trying to tell (the room full of whining children), she is mature enough to see through the initial irony for the lover of all that is film crosses. Even the rich old man, the bell of the ball has a brother who misses it. In another scene a former astronaut stares at the moon he spent in his youth while sipping a cocktail in silence. <br /> <br /> Although indebted to the films before the talkies, Carax is a master of music, knowing when in "Holiday in Cambodia" by Dead Kennedy or one of David Bowie's first songs, the sounds of a man playing the piano or a girl humming softly. <br /> <br /> In Boy Meets Girl, when someone takes their heart we have seen the blood spill from the shirt, when a couple kisses on the sidewalk it turns at 360 degrees as if it were attached to a carousel, when Alex enters a party and feels out of place, because the most interesting people in the world are really in presences; like the famous author who can't speak because of a bullet lodged in his brain, or the 1950 universe miss standing right in front of the astronaut. This film is the missing link between Jean Piere Jenuet, Michel Gondry and Wes Anderson, whose stylistic features flourish and extravagant fantasy tales, all of which have a parallel with different visuals, musicality and emotional signals in these Carax films. <br /> <br /> Every line of dialogue, every piece of music and every effect and change in this film have had resonance on me on an emotional level, some I miss the words to articulate. There are many stories of a boy who meets a girl, but rather than exploring the trivial details of any particular event, this film captures the ecstatic truth of adolescent passion and disappointment. The other movies you want to watch can wait. Look at this first. If I had to make films, I would like them to be like that, in fact, I would like all films to be like this, where the ephemeral becomes larger than life and life itself becomes a dream.
