WWE has produced some of the worst pay-per-views in its history in recent months. Cyber ​​Sunday, Survivor Series and December to Dismember were scary to say the least and therefore relied on his B-brand show, Smackdown! try to finish the year on a high note. Armageddon had two important matches in the Last Ride and Inferno finals, three leagues were at the forefront and an interesting main event in the form of a tag team war with Batista and John Cena against King Booker and Finlay. However, it was an amendment to one of those league games that brought us not only the evening's game, but also now a candidate's game of the year when Teddy Long gave us a Christmas present. T-Lo changed the WWE Tag Team Championship game from Champions, London and Kendrick against Regal and Taylor to a four-team Ladder game including MNM and The Hardy Boyz. <br /> <br /> I will not dwell on this combination too, because nothing I can say would make it justice. This must be seen to be believed. There were many high points and many other brutal hits and uncomfortable landings. The only move I have to talk about was the one that brought Joey Mercury directly to the emergency room halfway through the race. Jeff Hardy jumped on a ladder that was set up to see saw with Matt Hardy holding both MNM members on the other side to take all the strength. Unfortunately for Mercury he did not raise his hands to protect his face and took the ladder with all his strength in his nose and left eye. This was vicious. His face was instantly a mess for everyone to see and not surprisingly this ended Mercury's night soon. We found out after he had a broken nose and cut himself under his left eye. Be warned It is not for the faint of heart. The end of this roller coaster of a game came after Paul London managed to win both belts for victory. I've been watching wrestling for almost 15 years and there's nothing better than this game. Unbelievable. <br /> <br /> The evening opened only with the fourth game of Hell. Kane hired MVP in a good game but it was all based on graphics and not on action. There were some close calls with the flames for both competitors, but in the end it was Kane who forced MVP into the flames after they both got out of the ring. MVP went around the ring while his ass was on fire and there was a sick part of me that laughed at this. I can suggest to Michael Hayes that MVP will be released next week on Smackdown! at the Ring of Fire by Johnny Cash. <br /> <br /> The other game of the night, and the second game of a triple main event was a war game to the death between Kennedy and The Undertaker. This was a tough game from start to finish and was the best of the series that Undertaker and Kennedy still had. The poles used, the chairs and a scene had The Undertaker launched 15 feet from the Armageddon on what must have been the concrete floor. Unfortunately it was clear that this was nothing more than a crash mat and the crowd did not show up for this. The finale came after a chokeslam of The Dead Man to Kennedy on top of the hearse, quickly followed by a victorious gravestone. <br /> <br /> In other important events from the paper. Chris Benoit defeated Chavo Guerrero by submission in another tough game. This was a very good meeting with Benoit who hit 8 German suplexes on Chavo at one time. Benoit was also considering whether to put Vikki Guerrero in the marksman or not. Fortunately he came to his senses and let her go. This led Chavo to attempt the roll up only to be neutralized in the shooter chosen for the submission. <br /> <br /> Another match on the board was the Cruiserweight Championship tournament between the longest standing WWE champion, Gregory Helms and Jimmy Wang Yang. With a lot of high flights and dangerous points, some of which took place outside the ring, this was a much more deserving match than the response of the public to what he got. JBL expressed the best when he scolded the fans of Richmond, Virginia, for sitting on their hands during this episode and at one point even started a boring song. Helms picked up the duke after a jawbreaker-like maneuver with his knees at Smackdowns! resident redneck. <br /> <br /> The Boogeyman has blocked The Miz in a useless game. I hate The Boogeyman with a passion. It is only worthwhile to listen to JBL's speeches on Miz. JBL is the gold of comedy. <br /> <br /> The last match of the evening was the main event number 3. World heavyweight champion, Batista and WWE champion, John Cena joined to face Finlay and champion champion, King Booker . There was no way that the game could have passed the Tag Team Championship game before, but it was still fun. The game would have been more memorable if they had given it five to ten minutes longer, but how many times have I mentioned WWE matches this year. It was King Booker who had been deployed at the end of the game after a big Batistabomb. <br /> <br /> So 2006 ended for WWE on its pay-per-view program. He started the year on a terrible note with the end-of-year Revolution, but ended up on a high level with Armageddon. This Ladder game will be remembered for a long time as one of the best scale games of all time. My hat is off for all eight competitors, but their bodies are in the front row to give the fans a hellish game.
