What happens when the average joe discovers he has supernatural powers? The premise may seem familiar. The Watchmen? Unbreakable? However, the Russian sci-fi action movie, The Sword Bearer, is far from the standard series. <br /> <br /> The story revolves around a man named Sasha who was avoided as a boy by society, his peers and his family because of his supernatural power. When he wants it or his anger allows it, a sword extends from his arm penetrating his own skin. Very shameful? Maybe ... but this is not the interesting part of this film. Avoided for life and driven by anger (and anger) our "hero" returns to his city to turn his life around or find a reason to do so. The only thing he meets here is trouble when a meeting with an old flame's new boyfriend leaves him bloody on the ground. This is where revenge and anger come into play. This is a man you don't want to cross and from this point the mafia and the police are on its tail. Meet a girl and instantly fall in love as she does and this is exactly what the film is about. <br /> <br /> The film is highly impressionist with bold colors and noir shades, combined with short but extreme action sequences. This is a home of art in its core, beautifully filmed with so much attention to detail in every scene, beyond the macabre science fiction action. It is this strange mush that interests me so much in this film. The way filmmakers approach this genre is refreshing by focusing on Sasha's emotional journey and not on a direct action movie. Don't worry though, the action is there and in abundance. However, many of these sequences only show implicit violence with images of horrific consequences. This does not mean that the action is not shown. These scenes are here and they are fantastic (especially the ending where we see Sasha's full powers unleashed by despair). The director chooses to imply the violence of many scenes to keep the focus on the character's emotional struggle. This is a tragic love story and a refreshing entry into the genre.
