OK. I admit. I am one of those nerds who have spent many hours with my beloved DVD player and my wonderful television watching science fiction series. Star Trek (Next Generation) was my first space date and I've changed partners since then. I saw everything, apparently, and my favorites are "Lexx", "Farscape" and the new "Battlestar Galactica", in other words: the most recent and state-of-the-art space works. But, I also have a crush on the older, cheaper ones, like the magnificent four-season BBC show "Blakes7". Here, budgets are smaller than hobbits, special effects seem to be made on a Commodore 64, but who cares when scripts are sharp and intelligently written with dark humor, is acting serious and sometimes even high-class? > <br /> But why do they always speak English in the future space? Because this is NOT the future, it's a fantasy for children. However, sometimes it can be irritating. I, being a Norwegian, I have often damned this terrifying fact that there is never a series of genres, like science fiction, for Scandinavian viewers. I never thought about the fact that it could have happened. But it was, actually, once, and also in my homeland, Norway. I was two when the so-called Fjernsynsteatret (television theater section) of our national public service channel Nrk produced this three-episode version of Blindpassasjer (The Stowaway). <br /> <br /> When I heard about it for the first time, I was not surprised that until now, the show has only been shown once in Norway, making it impossible for me to actually see it. He also went to Swedish, Danish and Finnish television in his time, but it was a long time ago. Neither the video nor the DVD was published, nor was it a surprise, and when it was shown on an arthouse cinema, it happened in Bergen, a city very far from Oslo (where I live). And then there is another fact about "Blindpassasjer" that didn't surprise me, which was written by the two Norwegian authors Tor Åge Bringsværd and Jon Bing (Bing & Bringsværd). This duo introduced the SciFi genre to the Norwegians in the 1970s; they published anthologies and wrote what they called fable prose. In my opinion, Bringsværd is the most interesting of the two writers, and has written several great and amusing novels, even masterpieces, some of which are hilarious, such as "Bazar" and "Syvsoverskens Dystre Frokost". Beyond this boy, also an acclaimed playwright, it was possible to create the screenplay of "Blindpassasjer". When I finally managed to see it, it was because a strange Swede who recorded the three episodes on the VCR in the 80s, eventually managed to turn it into a DVD and give it to me. He was a nice boy. So I sat down and watched it, with Swedish subtitles, bad sound and some scratches and errors; but it came out and I was surprised that in the end I came to love him. <br /> <br /> The outer scenes with spaceships and planets are better than those in Blakes7, and the credit goes to the Caprino studios (which made the famous Grand Prix of Flåklypa), and the interior of the Marco Polo (the ship spatial) works better than I expected. The acting is typically theatrical, but it works better than when they play Ibsen, to put it mildly, and Bjørn Floberg plays his role solidly, as does Trini Lund. The legendary actress Henny moans her lines in a serious and relaxed tone that fits the genre, but this is a work of ensemble, and I'm happy to say that Ola B. Johannesen wears his mustache nobly, and Marit Østbye it's a really chic space of my standards. <br /> <br /> But is it really that good? Well, we must swallow the rather abrupt ending, the pretentious critique of "modern society", but yes, it is, well, not really really fantastic, but fascinating, cold, nostalgic and pleasant. An hour and a half of the classic Norwegian SciFi.
