Sur mes lèvres or READ MY LIPS is a small thriller that also examines the lives of "strangers", the people who live on the periphery of our vision who struggle with the need to "adapt". Director Jacques Audiard and co-writer Tonino Benacquista have created a small, tense, tight and completely funny thriller that makes some significant statements about individuals and their penalties outside the norm. <br /> <br /> Carla (Emmanuelle Devos) is a simple Jane, mostly deaf, a thirty secretary unobserved for a company whose life is of social and sexual isolation and whose vision of the future is rather gloomy. Enter Paul (Vincent Cassel) a recently released ex-con who responds to an announcement to be Carla's assistant. There is a mutual physical repulsion at the first meeting: Carla had hoped for a well-groomed and kind man who could satisfy her fantasies and Paul is a shoddy, scruffy guy who isn't impressed by being an employee. Their concepts change quite quickly when Paul recovers Carla's work by filling his request to steal a letter that would cost her his work and Paul discovers Carla's lab reading ability that she sees as a way to spy on criminals from her past who they threaten his life for money so So this strange pair of a team will join forces and together they will enter a dangerous suspense ploy to get Paul's safety and freedom. The report is full of twists and suspense on the seat, with each of these unlikely characters playing roles in their lives that fill the crevices of their walls of isolation in surprising ways. <br /> <br /> Devos and Cassel offer good performances and the rest of the cast is uniformly strong. Once again Alexandre Desplat has produced a musical score that enhances tension and filmmaker Mathieu Vadepied finds all the right lights and angles to suggest the world of character isolation and Hitchcock's sense of suspense. Director Audiard wisely manipulates a factor that is both sensitive and transformative for the story: it shows us the difference between "listening" to the world with and without hearing aids and doing so makes some powerful social comments. This is a good film that remains in the ranks of the best of the noir genre of French cinema. Recommended. Grady Harp
