Pixar has had enormous success over the years with the full-length CGI animated films they have made. "A Bug's Life" was the second of a lot of features that they have achieved so far, preceded by the company's debut in the front row, the innovative "Toy Story", which was the first CGI feature film. I remember when this follow-up was heavily publicized in the period it was released in the late 1990s, but I never saw it until November 2006. I watched it twice that month and more than three years later, I saw a third time. It never struck me as much as probably any other Pixar movie I've ever seen, but after three visions, I still think it's better than some of the movies I saw from DreamWorks Animation. <br /> <br /> Ant Island is the home of an ant colony. These ants are forced to collect food for a band of grasshoppers who come to get it every year. A member of this colony is Flik, ​​an inventor with a bad reputation that causes problems with his inventions, even if he does not intend to do so. One year, when the colony has just finished preparing the annual offer, Flik slams it randomly into a stream just before the grasshoppers arrive to get it! The head of the grasshopper, Hopper, decides to give them a second chance to collect food and have it ready by the end of the season, but they will have to double their offers! Flik suggests to the royal council of the colony that he goes and finds "insect warriors" to fight grasshoppers when they return. Princess Atta, the future queen, lets him go on this mission just so he won't be around to cause trouble as the colony tries to collect food for another offer. The inventor finds a group of insects that he thinks are warriors, but after he has brought them back to Ant Island and introduced them, he discovers that they are not really warriors, but circus insects! <br /> <br /> The main reason why this second function of Pixar has never completely stunned me could be the characters. For me, none of them has ever done as much as they could, and in general it seems a bit bland. Fortunately, however, it is not like "Shark Tale", a film with a character that is very idiotic and unlikely. "A Bug's Life" has a pretty nice character, one that users can cheer on. The story sometimes seems a bit bland, but for the most part, it's good enough to keep the film at least moderately funny, and sometimes has good suspense, especially later. Humor, like certain other aspects of the film, is not as good as it could have been, but there are certainly amusing moments, some of which involve Francis, a male ladybird that is sometimes mistaken for a female. You can always expect excellent animation from Pixar and the animation in this particular effort is no exception. With all that this film has to offer, it might be slightly disappointing when it comes to the Pixar standard, but it's reasonable entertainment for the family.
