While watching A Bug's Life for the first time in a long time, I couldn't help but see comparisons with last year's Happy Feet. As for the main plot, they are very similar, an outcast does everything he can to adapt and at the same time tries to be special. It will only be shown how much better that film would have been without its liberal conclusion. A lot of people disagree with me when I say that I really like Pixar's second year effort. Of course he can't capture the splendor of Toy Story, nor the animation of this world. However, the story is high level and the characters are wonderful to spend time with. With lots of laughter and a moral center to start, I could watch this as much as the other classics in the studio. <br /> <br /> There is a lot of strength to be found from the inside to win all the odds here. Among our protagonist, Flick who needs to keep his self-esteem high to save his colony, the colony that needs to open his eyes to a new way of life for the future, and the circus insects who discover they are more that simple attraction fanatics, all evolve into a better bug by the end of the story. Even the bad Hopper is full of flesh and threatening for the right reasons. He doesn't do it to be bad, but he understands that the ants are more numerous than 100 to 1. He needs them to fear him for not having to worry about them discovering the truth. It is very much a circle of life, but not one that cannot evolve over time. <br /> <br /> When you think about animation, it's actually pretty good. Compared to Antz, the rival film of the time, this is much more realistic and less cartoony. Water is made well, as is the foliage. You don't have to look far beyond the eyes of ants to see how much detail has gone into production. Reflections and humidity, despite their smooth appearance, show realism. Also all the insects are finely worked. Flies in the city and the crazy mix of creatures recruited to save ants are never neglected, either for a small role or for a larger one. It is also in the city that we see the processing of environments. While Ant Island is beautiful, it's just the outdoors. Bug City contains a lot of trash that doubles as buildings and clubs. It's a great show of humor and inventiveness to see what the animators have used for everything. From the ice cube trays, like the circus, the little animal box like the circus cart, complete with a complete nutritional guide on the side and a crazy compilation of boxes to create a Times Square of billboards and facades, everything is done right . /> <br /> As for much of the humor, you have to give credit to the acting talent for a wonderful delivery and inspired role choices. No one could make a male ladybug better than Dennis Leary with his unripe spirit. I challenge you to think of someone better. Also our contacts are fantastic with Dave Foley in the role of Flick and Julia Louis-Dreyfus in the role of Princess Atta, as well as the always-fantastic Kevin Spacey as Hopper. Spacey not only steals many scenes from the film, but also occupies the center of the stage during the closing credits. Yes, A Bug's Life was the creator of Pixar's animated outtakes, a tradition that has continued. With many twisted ironic jokes, you must also support the huge supporting cast. Filled with "those actors dudes", they are people like Richard Kind, Brad Garrett, and the late Joe Ranft as Heimlich the worm who brings the greatest laughter. <br /> <br /> Overall, it may be the simplest story to be projected by Pixar, one that has been said in one form or another numerous times over the years, but is inspired enough and cool enough for offer a pleasant experience. There are joyful moments, sad moments and even suspenseful scenes with birds coming in to join in the fun. Completed with a couple of my favorite Pixar characters, Tuck and Roll, there's nothing wrong I can think of to say about it.
