Lately I've been watching a lot of Tom Hanks movies and old Chaplin movies as well as some of Rowan Atkinson's first Bean performances, and it seems everyone has their own unique charm that permeates all of their work, something that allows them to identify with audiences of all ages, in a way that makes you feel good. A Bug's Life has the same charm, it has a connection with real life that allows us to easily suspend disbelief and accept many talking insects, because even if they talk, they act like real bugs. It's like the team that made the film find a way to take us into a child's mind and allow us to think like them, to imagine insects like a young mind does. <br /> <br /> Honey, I narrowed down The Kids was one of my favorite movies when I was younger, and for me, A Bug's Life is like a more realistic version of that movie, if only because the animation it's so breathtaking and this narrative style opens up so much more narrative possibilities. I try not to compare it to something like Toy Story (which I still keep the best animated computer film ever made), because the story of A Bug's Life isn't quite as good as Toy Story's, but then again, almost nothing is . The important thing is that it is still wonderful fun. <br /> <br /> The story concerns a colony of insects that work hard and that have an impressively developed society, mostly oriented to building a food collection, most of which will go to tyrannical grasshoppers, enormously superior in strength and general wickedness and hopefully still leave enough room for insects to survive the winter. We have received some visits from the grasshoppers, which make it clear that if the insects provide an unsatisfactory amount of food, the consequences will be terrible. And incidentally, the similarities between this paralyzing level of food extraction is surprisingly similar to the forced feeding of Mao Tse-tung's food by his own people during the "Great Leap Forward"? <br /> <br /> Fun and excitement begin when Flik, ​​the main character, sets off in search of a band of opportune warrior bugs to return to defend the colony against grasshoppers. You see, he spilled all the massed food and put them all in great danger, so he feels that it is his responsibility, but he inadvertently ends up hiring a fighting group of circus insectivores. Great for the public, not so great for the security of the clan. <br /> <br /> The film was released in the late 1990s, when so many films were released in two, such as Armageddon and Deep Impact, Independence Day and The Arrival, A Bug's Life and Antz, etc. The comparisons between A Bug's Life and Antz are inevitable, although it seems clear to me that A Bug's Life is by far the top movie, and not just because it doesn't see Stary Allen stammering and moaning in the lead role. This is great family fun!
