Such a joyful world was created for us at Pixar's A Bug's Life; we are immersed in a universe that could only be documented with pleasure in a film, but more precisely a universe that could only be documented through the world of animation. For those who have forgotten what an abundant and exuberant animation of the world can offer? when is it in the right hands that is ?? A Bug's Life is a warm reminder. We will leave the film with an equally warm feeling, and a sense of satisfaction derived only from high-caliber film productions. <br /> <br /> It's just the second animated feature from Pixar. The Disney subgroup made its spectacular debut and, perhaps, quite inadvertently, in the world of cinema three years earlier, in 1995, with their famous movie Toy Story. It was a film that defied convention, re-invented and gave new life to animation and defined a new level of excellence. Now, they return with their second attempt, which, to be honest, attracts a sense of creeping cynicism in all of us before we see the film. <br /> <br /> After all, it's a film about ants. Well, all the walks in the world of insects and insects are covered by A Bug's Life, but it is the ant that is the focal point of this film, since humans are the focal point of dramas, novels and so on. How can an animal species as insignificant as an ant act as the protagonist of a film, let alone provide the entire premise of a feature film? Surely they joke. However, we forget that in Toy Story, a group of toy items was able to become the greatest, most stimulating and lovable group of animated and evil heroes ever invented. The Pixar guys manage to pull off the same feat, and manage to turn a handful of dirty, tiny insects into the most captivating and enjoyable band of parasites you'll probably encounter. <br /> <br /> Not only are they all lovable and cute? there is no unpleasant character in sight; even the bad guys are compelling characters ?? but they are colorful, they are eclectic and they are idiosyncratic. And the range of characters is also huge for lack of a better term, adding only the rich levels of distinction already plastered on A Bug's Life from the beginning. Let's start with our main character and our hero. His name is Flik (David Foley), and his character is rather generic to say the least. Among the thousands of faithful and obedient worker ants residing on the lush and beautiful Ant Island, it is considered the "black sheep" of the clan, as seen in the opening moments of the film when it inadvertently destroys the harvest of the season with its antics. <br /> <br /> The problem arises in the fact that the ant harvest is for a group of greedy grasshoppers led by Hopper (Kevin Spacey), who are eager to continue to assert their anger and autocracy among the small little ants ; when they show up at Ant Island for their annual banquet and see that their offer is over, they go crazy for lack of a better term. Hopper offers a proposal to save the ants from total extinction at the hands of his pack; however, it is a negotiation that is simply impossible to satisfy. The gears and the clock mechanism in Flik's mind run at full steam now, despite his guilt and shame, and offers to leave Ant Island in search of some powerful bug warriors who can come to the rescue of the colony and fight against Hopper and the grasshoppers. > <br /> If you think about it, A Bug's Life bears a strong resemblance to the plot of the classic Seven Samurai by Akira Kurosawa, or the American remake The Magnificent Seven, in which a village of unfortunate but kind-hearted people is threatened by enemies evil and wicked ?? a lonely villager seeks help in the big city, finds it and returns to the colony to chase away the evil. In A Bug's Life, help arrives in the form of a circus troupe that is mistakenly perceived by Flik as warriors in a bar fight. <br /> <br /> A lot of fun comes out of these scenes and a lot of fun comes from these insects from the circus troupe. Among them are an erudite insect (David Hyde Pierce), an obese German caterpillar that splits the side with the name of Heimlich and a quasi-femme fatale ladybug that is actually a gritty and masculine ladybird (Dennis Hopper). It is extremely fun to watch these bugs on the screen, as it is watching bugs and bugs interacting on the screen, as is the entire film collectively. <br /> <br /> As I said, a lot of fun and joy comes from their characters and joyful interactions between them, giving way to a series of hilarious jokes, wonderfully suspicious and compelling situations and a dazzling film in general. What makes A Bug's life even better is that the movie is not just limited to children, as many might perceive it, even though the kids would have really found more entertainment from this movie ?? common situations for children are a little more abundant than we would like. However, it's easy to ignore this flaw, and it's incredibly easy to enjoy this movie. <br /> <br /> Although A Bug's Life may not reach the dizzying and fundamental standards set by its predecessor, this is still a superb film, and the beginning of something promising here. The Pixars have proven to be not just a one-shot wonder, but rather a very gifted and talented group of film artists in Hollywood. They raise the bar to infinity, and when someone always manages to exceed their standards, he is always alone. What else is there to say about A Bug's Life besides: watch it; not the best we saw from the people of Emeryville, California, but does this beat out the bulk of his year ?? and I'd be damned if this wasn't the best animated film of 1998. <br /> <br /> 8.5 / 10
