(originally a response to a film critic who claimed that A Bug's Life was too, too fast - he was visibly stunned and exhausted from the images and seemed to completely ignore the story) Okay, first of all, I'm 26, I have a job, I go to school and have a boyfriend. "So maybe I'm crazy and just very good at hiding it ... but not only did I NOT get out of A Bug's Life exhausted or dazed, it wasn't until I saw it the second time that I could even really start to appreciate the art and the humor of spectacular images - because the first time I went to see this film, I got so wrapped up in the story and the characters that I FORGOTTEN that I should have been sitting there to be "marveled" as a visual frame. How can you not empathize with Flik and his road-to-heck-pavé life with good intentions? "Heck", in fact, I found myself identifying myself with that little ant (not to mention of a some of the other bugs) in many more ways than one ... and this, in itself, tells me more than what an incredible film this is about an entire book about its wonderful eye-pleasers. Sure, it's beautiful (every blade of grass, the tree, the rain ...). Of course, what they can do with technology is incredible (you can read their lips! Try it!). But this film is not just a masterpiece of art and technology, not just a dazzling explosion of movement and color. No, Bug's Life would be static if it were all this and no story. But, I'm happy to say, it's not! A Bug's Life has a real heart. Yes, there are many things to do, both in terms of plot and visual point of view, but it is because the story and the characters actually have a certain depth for them! Just because it's a children's movie, doesn't mean you should turn off your brain at the theater door - kids are smarter than you think! Beyond that, I think the PIXAR crew did this for themselves, even before their children ... and shows, in the amount of heart they have. This film is moving, touching, fun, intriguing and generally compelling. The development of the character in a cast of this genre is surprising, there is a great deal of growth of the character, and not only of the main character - so rare in animation and often in films in general. It doesn't hit you in the head with its points once created - every scene, every frame has a reason in the plot to be there, and there are no free shots. Not always explicitly stating in words exactly what is happening means subtlety, for me, people; it means not "belittling" your film and assuming that the public is stupid, which in large part is not. All I can think of is, if you can see A Bug's Life and feel nothing, then you mustn't have made a big mistake, hurt your friends, had a crush, lovers, frustrated that no one would listen to you, you lied to someone you care about, feel like a social misfit, you got excited about a new idea, you had a great idea, you got what you thought was a great idea of ​​backfire, you were embarrassing for a moment and confident the next, felt the pressure of responsibility, stood up for you and your loved ones, stood alone against the crowd, felt a failure, felt a great success, felt the need to make a difference with your life in the lives of others .. . well, you get the point. Final words: grade A +; please, if you see it, try to see it in the theater (the pan and scan videos will NOT work for this movie); if you love Toy Story you'll probably like it a lot (PIXAR knows how to make movies with the heart); if you love it you see it several times or STILL you won't know what you are missing (the amount of detail and subtlety here is considerable); and every time you feel really low, pretend it's a seed, okay?
