Although I don't think this was a perfect 10, I agree that it was far above a 6 which is what is rated here. No, the Brokedown Palace was not perfect and yes, the plot was done many times before. This does not mean that it should not be done again if it is done well and I think this film has had some strong moments. The recitation of Claire Danes, as mentioned many times before, has been impeccable, as well as Kate Beckinsell and I Think Bill Pullman was absolutely exceptional as were the supporting performances (Pullman's wife, the corrupt policeman, skip or trip or whatever it's called). Even the photography was beautifully filmed, there were many positive things in this film, even though there were some negatives (three of the most important I found). <br /> <br /> Here's what I don't like about it - the friendship between the girls - in fact, the individual personalities of the girls - weren't studied until late in the middle of the picture. It would not have been unlikely to lose interest before then, because despite the positives, more development of the character should have been done previously and some scenes like when the girls were originally arrested, were almost gloss over, so there was a little too much jump in around without the character and the development of the scene I think it would have been appropriate for this type of film. This, however, is not my main problem. AND NOTICE SPOILER ALERT. <br /> <br /> The ending, as already mentioned dozens of times, was FANTASTIC. It was terrible in two respects. First, although it would have been predictable and very Hollywood, I wanted a happy ending! Yes, it was an exciting and powerful ending, but in a film like this, there's a sense that justice will be served and I did it to see it. I was genuinely shocked at the finale and was executed with excellence by everyone involved, but I feel that both girls should go out or, unless, at least, the policeman should have gotten what was going to happen to him. I mean that nothing happens to the bad guys, they all go away. Very disturbing. <br /> <br /> Furthermore, I don't understand the ambiguity of the ending. I understand endings that are inspired to make you think, but this was not a "Clue" or a mysterious film we were looking at, and I would have liked to know something about what really happened, who was guilty, etc., With this ending we were left to decide that we ourselves, but since somehow I doubt there will be a sequel, I didn't want to have to guess. <br /> <br /> However, there was a lot to appreciate in this film, and the acting is definitely at the top of the list, I'd say this is a 7.5 and say that it's definitely worth a look.
