In the movie "Brokedown Palace", directed by Jonathan Kaplan, two best friends, Alice (Claire Danes) and Darlene (Kate Beckinsale) decide to celebrate maturity by traveling to Hawaii, but they feel that Bangkok, in Thailand, is much more fun . They changed their minds and decided to go to Thailand without telling their parents about the change of plans. While in Thailand, Alice and Darlene met a beautiful boy named Nick Parks (Daniel Lapaine). He tells them he would trade his first-class ticket in Hong Kong for three cheap tickets, so he could spend the weekend in Hong Kong. They accepted his offer and when they entered the airport the two were arrested for drug trafficking. They were sentenced and sentenced to thirty-three years in prison. <br /> <br /> I think Kaplan was trying to show the public that it is wise to make good decisions because in one case a bad decision can change the direction of a life forever. Furthermore, a friendly face may not be as friendly as we think when we discover the true intentions of that friendly face. Those girls made the decision not to tell their parents that they had changed their minds and changed their lives forever. Things have a fun way to happen by showing us what decision we made about the decision we should have made. Sometimes life is not right, that's why it's important to think long and hard about the choices we make because we can never go back and change the choices we've made. <br /> <br /> This film has a great environment; it was shot mainly in Bangkok, Thailand. This film also has great music; some of my favorite songs are "Silence" by Delerium, "Damaged" by Plumb, "Deliver me" by Sarah Bightman and "Party's just started" by Nelly Furtado. I went out and bought the soundtrack after watching this movie. These girls were young and naive and could not think their plans well, a mistake anyone could make, so this film is suitable for any audience. It makes no difference to young or old - we are all human and subject to errors. Although, I didn't like the way this movie ended up leaving me in question: who really smuggled drugs? - I would definitely give this movie two thumbs up.
