We all have friends. Some of us have more than others, but in reality there are only one or two people you really feel close to, the people you can say are like your brother or sister. Alice (Danes) and Darlene (Beckinsale) are like that. You can see it from the beginning. They graduated together, go to parties together and decide to go to Bangkok together when they should have gone to Hawaii. They are also arrested for attempting to smuggle drugs into a third world country and this is a disaster. The rest of the film is about survival and not giving up hope. He also has a strong message about the power of friendship and what it can mean for someone. <br /> <br /> Brokedown Palace is a very nice film, it is not excellent and this is due to some problems I want to talk about. But first I want to say what is good about the film. And for beginners, acting is top notch, and you can't look beyond the two protagonists. Danes and Beckinsale are perfect in the roles they have. Alice is always on fire and looks a bit rough, but it looks more fun than Darlene. But sometimes the fun can get you into trouble. Darlene is always a bit conservative and, even if at times it can be irritating, she would have served the two girls better if she respected her path rather than Alice's. Bill Pullman is adequate as the American lawyer who lives in Thailand. The film is also very well photographed. The interior of the prison although not the same as Shawshank or Natural Born Killers or Return To Paradice, but shows the necessary (but below) desperation of the situation in which they find themselves. Johnathin Kaplan's direction is also quite good. We see the two girls struggling to overcome each day, but you can see that their spirit is being expelled a little more each day. The Brokedown Palace is excellent when it talks about friendship and shows how they must rely on each other to survive. The other thing I had to comment on is the soundtrack of the film. Enhances and compliments the mood of the film to perfection. The song you hear in the trailer is also played in the film and when you play you feel the situation of women in this prison. You can feel how lonely they must feel and how desperate they are to go out and get back to the simple things in life. It also makes you look at yourself and realize how lucky we are to live in the society we do. We have it easy compared to that of some countries and we believe or not the music is a perfect catalyst for reflection on this topic. Part of the music is made by a group called Delirium (I think) but it's Sara McLaughlin (wrong spelling, but how do you spell her surname?) That makes the text and her voice is beautiful and haunting and adds so much to the film. <br /> <br /> What I didn't like about the movie was the stupidity shown by the girls. I won't say what they do but when you see it yourself you will know what I'm talking about. Besides, I didn't really feel that the prison they were in was so bad. It looks more like a minimum security prison and this could be due to the fact that when there are similar circumstances in other films that encourage men to act in a foreign country, the prison scenes are always brutal and sadistic. But I didn't understand it here. <br /> <br /> Overall, this is a great movie and really makes you ask the question: "How far would you do for a friend?" This is a difficult question and perhaps one that none of us could honestly answer to the same situation. We just hope he never gets to that.
