I saw this movie a million years ago (5 years to be exact) for the first time. In light of recent events with the Australian woman Schapelle Corby who was imprisoned in Indonesia for the so-called "smuggling jar", I decided to watch this movie again. I hesitated to cry my heart, because I'm fucked for hot girls in trouble (read my review of "Laurie Show stalking"). A little moisture escaped my eyes, but they were almost dry with tears. Why? Not because the two heroines were absolutely not adoring and defenseless, not because the film was not heartbreaking at the sight of those two boys in the midst of their lives locked up in almost inhuman conditions. Then why? Why didn't I cry? I wanted to cry! When I entrust a film like this, except to be moved, to sob as if there were no tomorrow, I feel unhappy and I like it. This film was simply too short to do so. It was as if the script was reduced to the main elements of the plot, and while I was doing this the psychological aspect was put aside. Clare Danes and Kate Beckinsale did a great job interpreting the emotions of the two friends, but this film simply screamed for more of these girls in their depressing (and oppressive) surroundings. Mental travel is missing here for some reason. You can only see the key moments of it (which are very moving, I admit), probably due to a bad editing. Sometimes I heard these girls walking in a postcard. The relationship with family members may also have used a little more attention. What happens to the relationships between girls and parents (in particular between Alice and her father)? You can see it, but the film does not offer the whole image, unfortunately. <br /> <br /> Nonetheless this was a great movie, and in the end I also had to bite my lip a little. But I imagine that this has more to do with the acting skills (and appearance) of the actresses (and music) then with the merit of the director. To be honest, I hardly knew who Kate Beckinsale was before seeing this movie (again). Now, I'm a fan! Great movie, as long as you don't expect it to be classic cinema.
