If you are looking for a definitive biography of the life of boxer James Corbett, then this is probably not the movie for you. The famous boxer receives a "hollywoodization" of the 1940s of his life, making the story much more fun and engaging than real life. However, since the performances were so good (in particular from Errol Flynn) and the script is so pleasant, the embellishments of the film can be forgiven. <br /> <br /> Errol Flynn plays the nineties boxer James "Gentleman Jim" Corbett- - a man who became world boxing champion in 1892. The film starts from his rather humble beginning and follows his career through him winning the match against John L. Sullivan. However, while he may have focused mainly on the games, most are rather short in the film (except for the title final) and the emphasis is on Corbett's brazen personality, as well as his relationship with the woman played by Alexis Smith. Throughout the film, there is an excellent support work done by a cast of wonderful support actors (like the perennial supporting actor in Flynn's films, Alan Hale) and writing has really helped bring these people to life. <br /> <br /> What is especially nice about the film is seeing Flynn's athleticism as a boxer. While some of the shots are double, almost all of the boxing scenes are by Flynn and he did a convincing job as a boxer. This was a good start for Flynn, who generally played "handsome boy" or swordsmen and this shows how difficult a character was. To learn more about this, try reading a biography of him - he was rather the rough and tumble character before coming to Hollywood. <br /> <br /> Now as with REAL James Corbett, read on if you're not afraid to find out how accurate the film is. First, Corbett was NOT a poor boy from a poor family, but he was polite and brilliant at university. Secondly, while he got Alexis Smith at the end of the film, they also divorced a few years later. Thirdly, the wonderful final scene of the film between Sullivan and Corbett was probably the best part of the film, Sullivan was an idiot and this could never have happened - in fact, Sullivan was more egocentric and Corbett was not the fat - direct guy who played in the film - even though it was created for a good film.
