Flynn, best known for his swashbuckling roles (and his bedroom antics!) Takes this style with a different film and works beautifully. In the role of real life boxing champion Jim Corbett, Flynn ignites the fascination as he makes his way from a San Francisco bankruptcy reclaimed to a famous boxer, while from one eye to the other the deb Smith company. He and his best friend Carson participate in unarmed combat and are arrested along with dozens of other men (and a dog!) Including an important judge. The next day, he has the opportunity, through Smith, to enter the judge's private club. Use this opportunity to get in the way of its exclusive members and win a place as a resident club boxer. His unusually expert skill in the sport soon led him to conquer all visitors, including world champion John L. Sullivan (Bond). Flynn is truly magical here. It is the epitome of charm, charisma and charm in this role. He looks terrifying (especially in a hangover scene with messy hair and wearing a white union suit) and does pretty much all his stuntwork (awesome!) His line is delightful and he is believable and sympathetic and at the same time dual and rascally. Smith exudes class and taste from every pore and is a good match for Flynn. At this point, he needed a female costar that could withstand his conquests and reputation (he was currently being accused of statutory rape) and does so admirably. It is rejected by its freshness and casual attitude, but it barely manages not to fall under its enchanting spell. Bond is incredibly corpulent, muscular and imposing, yet tender when the script requires it. Fun support is provided by a young and exuberant Carson. Frawley is his self-developed as Flynn's manager. The rest of the cast is also excellent, including Flynn's rowdy family and an assortment of crude Nob Hill types. The whole thing is well furnished and safely directed. Some sets are surprisingly presented. Some of Smith's clothes border on showy, but are very well suited to embroidered hairstyles. It is an exceptional show in the early days of championship boxing, but it is also much more. Some of them (such as the character traits shown by Flynn) are exalted or exaggerated for entertainment purposes, but many of them are authentic (like the methods and costumes shown in the fighting scenes). One line is particularly memorable: "I believe you like me more than I like, but it's entirely possible that I love you more than you love me." It's a classic romantic dialogue (and there are even more zingers scattered throughout the script ).
