James J. Corbett's autobiography "The Roar of the Crowd" was the starting point of this lively and well-remembered fictional biography. The author was the world heavyweight champion, succeeding John L. Sullivan, before the end of the century. The narrative events describe Corbett as a brash but likeable and intelligent young man whose conquest of the boxing world and social prejudices of his day, when he was simply considered the son of Irish immigrants, a low cashier and no one surprised anyone. It took him several hours of exciting and often fun screen shots to prove his accomplices were wrong. He's a bank teller when the movie opens, but somehow he invites a sports club for the wealthy. He falls in love with a beautiful but snobbish girl, with whom he always seems to quarrel, and he lives at home with a Corbett clan who fights with each other with the same frequency as the others. When he defeats the best club and a professional club fighter to embarrass him, he eventually decides to become famous by fighting. he travels with his friend, who acts as manager and coach, and despite some obstacles nearby, he wins all his attacks and attracts attention. Coming home to chase his girlfriend again, he manages to annoy the Boston Strongboy, the powerful John L. Sullivan, who enters the bars and claims he can "lick any man in the world". Few believe they can win a match against Sullivan, but Corbett, nicknamed "Gentleman Jim" for his kind manners and patrician appearance surprises everyone by moving, dancing out of range and nullifying Sullivan's furious power. The most beautiful scene in the film comes perhaps when a defeated Sullivan congratulates Corbett. The new champion gets on at the moment, he tells Sullivan some years before it could be different, and shows him only admiration and respect. He gets his girlfriend after his two performances, but at the end of the film, while visiting his parents, his manager is able to tell the world: "The Corbett are back to his credit". The films are attractive and have a consistent style without being flashy. The script was written by veteran Horace McCoy and Vincent Lawrence from Corbett's novel. Sidney Hickox did the photography, with vintage decorations by Clarence Steensen and the artistic direction of Ted Smith. Heinz Roemheld made the music and Milo Anderson the clothes. The film was skillfully directed by action film specialist Raoul Walsh. Flynn also liked working with Walsh, but he didn't care about the other director he worked with most often, Michael Curtiz. Among the casts were Ward Bond in the role of John L. Sullivan, in one of his best performances the adorable, slightly gruesome but clever Alexis Smith as girl Corbett loves and a clever Errol Flynn like Corbett, a young man who he seemed to enjoy playing - he later said it was his favorite role of the period ... Jack Carson was his manager, Alan Hale his charismatic father, John Loder a rich enemy, with William Frawley, Minor Watson, Madeleine LeBeau, Rhys Williams, Arthur Shields, Dorothy Vaughn and Mike Mazurki together for the pleasant process. It is difficult to say enough about the logic and the carefree fun that the producers of this film have generated; he is one of the most loved of all sports biographies, and according to my standards he is also one of the most amusing.
