Having erased my thoughts almost twenty-seven times, there is the feeling that now I can conquer this review for the complex French drama, "Read my lips". Having written over five hundred reviews, I never found myself at such a loss of words, as I did with the delicate but challenging love story of director Jacques Audiard. The thought was shed on what was loved and hated by this film, and while the "loves" were overwhelmed, it was the elements that were hated to fuel further debates in my mind. "Read My Lips" is a drama. To be more precise, it is a character-based drama that blends social uncertainty with crime lords with the stasis of daily paperwork. This is where this review starts to collapse, is it all of these elements ?? but it is more, much, much more. As a spectator, you are immediately attracted by the portrait of Emmanuelle Devos of this fragile woman named Carla, whose strength is lost for the males in her office and her hearing difficulties. Audiard introduces us harshly into his world by removing the sound from the screen every time he does not wear his help, causing immediate discomfort, not only from the characters within the film, but from the viewer. Without sound, the world is left open to any possibility, and this is terrifying. <br /> <br /> As we watch this difficult and disquieting woman settle into her life, we are then uprooted and we have the opportunity to meet Paul (exquisitely played by Vincent Cassel), a hairdo, a man lanky mustache who has just been released from prison, homeless, jobless and forced by his probation officer to get a job. That's how Carla and Paul meet. There is that moment of instantaneous and disturbing attraction. The one where we think she loves him, but he's dark (and here's where it gets even more fun) ?? and where we think you love her, but she is dark. The constant role reversal creates the tone of the unknown. To whom, as spectators, must we feel the most sympathy? Paul sleeps in the office, Carla helps him; Carla loses a contract with a rival colleague, Paul helps her; Carla's ability to read people's lips is useful for an innovative idea for Paul. The continuous jumps back and forth keep you in the chair, waiting for the chance that some light will shine through this dark cave. He never does. Audiard cannot simply allow this story to take place, but continually introduces us to more characters; one just as sad as the next one. Even our rock, our solid foundation with the word officer is in question when his wife disappears ?? a subplot of this film that made me angry at first, but after a further debate it was a basic ending for this film. Yet none of this could have happened if it hadn't been for our characters. The solemn and familiar aspect of Devos is breathtaking, as he changes his image for Paul; the truth of its beauty is discovered. Paul, the joker in the film, continues to use apparently and abuse friendship for his final finale. So, just as we take one, Carla takes a last form. <br /> <br /> Audiard knows he has fantastic actors who capture his characters. Cassel and Devos could only play cards all the time and I would still be sitting at the end of my chair. The story, probably the weakest part of this film, is at first random. The intertwined stories seem initially disconnected, but Audiard allows them to link them a little at a time. Once again, the entire segment of word officers was tangible, but that final scene only solidified the ends of the media. Don't try to sound vague, but this complex (but absolutely simple) story is hard to explain. There is much success, but it is up to you to connect the pieces. A favorite scene is when Carla is trying to find out where they are holding money. The use of sound and the scene was brilliant. He was tense, it was dramatic, and it was like looking at a mysterious mystery before your eyes. <br /> <br /> Overall, I was initially a mediocre French film that I could easily forget when it's over ?? I proved wrong. "Read My Lips" opens the word for discussion, not only with the characters, but the situations. One will be rooting for Carla in a scene, and Paul for the next. When a discovery was made in Paolo da Carla's apartment, I found myself deeply angry. Audiard brought real emotion to the screen with his characters and development, and what did he lack in the plot? the actors were able to carry. I can easily suggest this film to anyone, but be prepared; this is not a one-time movie. To repeat. To repeat. Repeat. <br /> <br /> Rating: **** on *****
