First of all I have to give it to the people who have done this. September 11th is such a delicate issue that making a film that dares to be controversial requires a lot of courage. It is a pity, though not surprisingly, that the film was banned in the United States. Having said that, I think the film is superb with a couple of weak moments. The film begins with the Iranian segment which turns out to be somewhat reminiscent of Majid Majidi's work (the beautiful "sons of heaven" and "the color of paradise"). Just like those 2 films, the clip shows what happened through the innocent eyes of a class of Afgan refugees in Iran. Absolutely beautiful clip. The same goes for the clip by Sean Penn, which is superb. But just like some of the clips are beautiful, others are absolutely brutal. Alejandro Gonzáles Iñárritu makes the Mexican clip and just like his heartbreaking "Amores perros", it makes it more brutal than it can. Most of the clip is a black screen with different sounds in the background. Those sounds are journalists and their shock when the second plane crashes, those who called home from the burning towers and left messages for their families, those who were angry ... and he combines it with flashes of people who jump from the towers. A very hard clip to look at and one that you won't forget. <br /> <br /> Some clips may be very difficult for Americans to watch, as some clips may be interpreted as "you are not the only ones who are suffering". In particular the Egyptian and British clips that not only say this, but overturn and say how much the suffering of the United States has caused to others. <br /> <br /> I will also make a special mention to the videos of Bosnia and Herzegovina, Herzegovina, France, India and Japan (although the latter might seem terribly out of place, in reality it is not). <br /> <br /> However, not all the clips are fantastic and I make a special mention of the clip from Israel which, in my opinion, is extremely weak. While the idea was good (a journalist is on the scene of a terrorist attack in Tel Aviv, but his story has bounced because of what happened in New York it is something that many of us living in war-torn countries can relate to ) the realization is terrible. The clip ends up being just an entertainment reporter trying to get some air time, a guy who claims to be a witness and hopes he can go on TV, and soldiers and paramedics who shout "why". The clip fails to capture the drama of such a situation. <br /> <br /> If you have a chance to see it, you should, that is, unless you are a conservative, in which case you are better off, because you might feel offended. But if you are not, you could learn how many of us outside the United States lived until September 11th.
