Eleven different filmmakers from different parts of the world are brought together in this film to present their opinions and ideas on the WTC attack. This is one of the best efforts you'll see in every movie. Movies like this are rarely made and appreciated. This film tries to touch every possible core of the WTC. Here are some of the most important stories in the film that make this film so unique. <br /> <br /> There is the story of Samira Makhmalbaf (Iran), where somewhere in the Iranian people are preparing for attacks from America. There a teacher is trying to educate his students by informing them that innocent people are killed in the WTC massacre. Then comes a story of Youssef Chahine (Egypt) in which a film director meets a face-to-face conversation with a dead soldier in the WTC attack and a Dead Hard Core terrorist involved in the WTC attack. Then we see a story of Idrissa Ouedraogo (Burkina Faso) where a group of children from Five Innocent sees Osama Bin Laden and intends to kidnap him and win the reward money from America. Then we see the story of Alejandro Gozalez Inarritu (Mexico) in which we see a black screen and slowly we see the real movie of the WTC buildings that descend. And the people who are stuck in the building are jumping out to save their lives. The other most important story is of Mira Nair (India) where a mother is struggling to gain respect for her dead Son whose name is falsely trapped in the WTC massacre! After the 9/11 attack, our heart rate starts pumping automatically if we hear two names anywhere in the world. The first is the World Trade Center and the second is Osama! This film totally changes our perception and becomes a strong point claiming something more to it. <br /> <br /> I will definitely recommend this movie to anyone who loves having this type of Home DVD Collection. Definitely worth every penny. But please don't expect anything more than movies on this DVD. There are obviously filmographies of film producers but no extra features.
