As you may know, the topic here was to ask eleven filmmakers from around the world to make a short film of 11 minutes, 9 seconds and a frame. Here we have: - Samira Makhmalbaf (Iran): which Afghan refugee children can understand when the towers are collapsing? Well, nothing. A great lesson. - Claude Lelouch (France): a weak plot with a great cinematography ... Imagine only a deaf woman who lives in the WTC who sees without understanding that her dog barks ... Well, just look. - Youssef Chahine (Egypt): the greatest creator of oriental films has compassion ... For all: for an American soldier dead ten years ago, for the people in the WTC but also for a Palestinian terrorist-suicide. Perhaps the least tender film against us. - Danis Tanovic (bosnia hrzgovia): good images, makes us travel, for sure ... It's not a good plot. Idrissa Oudraogo (Burkina Faso): from one of the poorest countries in the world, a tender and amusing story of five boys who want to capture Osama Bin Laden ... And they could have done it but nobody believes them when they say they know where it is. Ken Loach (United Kingdom): September 11th 1973, Chile entered a cursed twenty-year dictatorship. Thousands of deaths, torture: everything that was offered in Chile by Henry Kissinger and the CIA, and knowing this changes your point of view a lot! I guess it's because of that particular short that no American film distribution company has agreed to release the film in our theaters! Loach forgot to mention that 1973 is also the year in which the WTC was built! - Alejandro Gonzalez inarritu (Mexico): impressive images that we all know very well and lots of black screens. I didn't take much this, it's more a video of the artist (to show in an exhibition) than a movie. - Amos Gitaï (Israël): an absurd ballet of policemen, journalists, etc., around a burning car in Jerusalem. Very well done. - Mira Nair (India): on the anti-Islamic feeling that followed September 11th. Very good actually. - Sean Penn (us): a little funny story that reminds us of a usually forgotten fact, the WTC had a huge shadow, and some places now have daylight that they never had. - Shohei Imamura (Japan): a different one. Here there is not even a word about the WTC and the action takes place at the end of World War II. He has only one message: no war is holy. This short film gives very deep feelings, but the director would have done better in a better way with more than 11 minutes. --- I know --- A great film, a great attempt to take the temperature of the world. I love it.
