It was clear from the beginning that 9/11 would have inspired the greatest number of films put together since World War II and Vietnam; however, there is certainly a great danger that most of these films arrive as well (or better: bad) than Pearl Harbor. It is a great fortune that the first international release on 9/11 is not a lackluster love story with lots of pretty faces, but a collective work by 11 directors from around the world. <br /> <br /> I'm not meaning to say that all 11 episodes are great (the one by Youssef Chahine, for example, has a useless prologue with too many cuts and that of Shohei Imamura has a really bizarre ending) or that the segments are in the right order (that of Imamura, being the only one not directly referring to the Twin Towers, should open the film, not finish it, Alejandro Gonzales Inarritu should be the last one, since it is the most impressive). But it is an impressive effort and an interesting portrait of the way other parts of the world react to the collapse of the twin towers. <br /> <br /> Consider the opening segment of Samira Makhmalbaf, in which an Afghan teacher tries to explain to his students what happened in New York and unsuccessfully suggests a minute of silence. Or the part of Idrissa Ouedraogo (who presents a double bin Laden so similar to the real one that you will be shocked when you see it, I promise), in which 5 boys think of good things that can be done with the prize put out on Laden. <br /> <br /> There is a surprisingly good (and extremely angry) segment of Ken Loach about a man from Chile who talks about what he calls "our Tuesday 11 September" - that 11 September 1973 when their president-elect Allende was killed and Pinochet installed his dictatorship - with the generous help of Henry Kissinger and the CIA. This may have become a terrible effort in Anti-Americanism, but it has become a sad tale and shares my recognition for the best segment with Inarritu (mainly sound impressions and phone calls from planes hijacked to a black screen, sometimes some photos of people who fall from the WTC and finally a tower that collapses, ending with the screen that lights up and a question that appears) and Amos Gitai talks about a hysterical reporter who desperately tries to go on the air after the explosion of a car bomb Tel Aviv (difficult to recognize, but this one is a masterpiece of choreography. <br /> <br /> All these different segments (I have not yet mentioned Claude Lelouch on a deaf girl, Danis Tanovic talks about a demonstration of the Srebrenica Women , by Mira Nair - strange, but it takes an Indian director to play the part that is probably more attractive to Western tastes - about a Muslim family whose son is under a terrible and suspect after September 11th and Sean Penn with Ernest Borgnine (yes, Ernest Borgnine) as a widower who leads the most depressed life imaginable) adds to a unique film not easy to look at and hard to forget. I'm sure this film will be a classic that everyone has known for thirty years. I hope you will be remembered for having started a long tradition of world cinema films. But alas, it is much more likely that it will be remembered as an effort from a single film. And like one of the few films of September 11th made since then that do not reduce this terrible event to a love story with a happy ending just to please the public.
