This intense drama inspired by the characters of 2007 is like a big and juicy piece of Shakespearean-style steak from a master director who knows how to extract unusual and ferocious live performances from his actors. Think for beginners - Henry Fonda's lonely dissident juror in "Twelve Angry Men", Katharine Hepburn's delirious Mary Tyrone on "Long Day's Journey Into Night", the combative survivor of Rod Steiger's concentration camp in "The Pawnbroker" , William Holden's winter lion in "Network" and Paul Newman's alcoholic lawyer in "The Verdict". The list includes some of the best films of the last half century and you can safely add Andy Hanson, the desperate conductor of Philip Seymour Hoffman. At 83, director Sidney Lumet shows no signs of eighty-year-old fatigue, and in fact, he delights in the melodramatic shifts of screenplay writer Kelly Masterson's first-rate script. <br /> <br /> The scale of the story is deceptively small because it focuses on the moral compromises that are destroyed in a family where two brothers have become desperate for immediate cash. Woody Allen followed a similar fraternal dynamic in his latest film, "Cassandra's Dream" strangely pinched, but Lumet is neither prudent nor cautious in his fierce approach to this inescapable story of ambiguity and deception. The plot revolves around a crime that had to be without victims. Misappropriation of funds from his payroll of his real estate company to keep his neglected wife Gina happy and to satisfy an expensive drug habit, Andy is about to be exposed to an IRS audit. Meanwhile, his younger brother Hank is a mass of post-divorce insecurities, codependents who fall far behind in his food and child support payments. <br /> <br /> Andy draws up a seemingly infallible plan to rob their parents' suburban jewelry, neither of which should be there. The goal was for the brothers to collect the loot and for the parents to request insurance. Murphy's law intervenes in every way possible starting with Andy putting pressure on Hank to do the job alone. After some fraternal complaint, Hank agrees, but too scared to do it alone, recruits a reckless, reckless waiter with a gun to handle the theft. From fate, the robbery occurs one day that Andy's mother and Hank is opening the store, and things quickly get out of control from there. Although the technique of storytelling back and forth is not new (for example, "21 grams" by Alejandro González Iñárritu), Masterson's approach works effectively in outlining certain events from multiple points of view in order to understand how each character is brought to the repercussions of the unfortunate event. <br /> <br /> The acting is perfect for the starting point with the gripping interpretation of Hoffman in the role of Andy, a Machiavellian reptile whose outward appearance and innate amorality masks layers of resentment towards his family. I thought he was good at "The Savages" by Tamara Jenkins, but it's even better here. Lumet also draws a solid performance from the usual unbearable Ethan Hawke as Hank, infusing him with the flawed weakness that informs his every ill-programmed move. Like their tormented father, Albert Finney acts with his typical bravado at the end of his career, but provides the necessary basis for the Oedipal complexities. Marisa Tomei is an intelligent choice to interpret Gina, since the actress is financially committed to the reactive and attentive nature of a small but fundamental role. The reputable theater veteran Rosemary Harris (now better known as Peter Parker's aunt in the "Spider-Man" trilogy) has little time to devote to her mother, just as Amy Ryan is Hank's bitter ex-wife. <br /> <br /> There are scenes that border on excessively, especially when the situation becomes more and more desperate for the brothers, but the principals inject a spirit so energetic to them that the triumphs become forgivable. After the disappointment of the cartoon "Find Me Guilty", it is refreshing to see Lumet in top form here. The 2008 DVD offers remarkably instructive comments from Lumet, Hoffman and Hawke, who converse with ease and intuition all the time. In addition to the original theatrical trailer, there is also a 24-minute featurette better than average, "Directed by Sidney Lumet: how the devil was made", which presents videos and fragments of interviews with Lumet, two of which are producers and the main actors .
