This is a completely diabolical story about how bad things can go wrong. A simple robbery. Take some serious change. Get our finances together and everything will be hunky-dory. But mom and pop jewelry? No problem. Insurance pays for everything. No guns Nobody gets hurt. Easy money. <br /> <br /> Brother Andy (Philip Seymour Hoffman) has some minor problems, older and more successful (it would seem). Heroin addiction, cocaine addiction. A wife (Marisa Tomei) who, well, doesn't seem to be performing for. His flat stomach days are long gone. The younger, sweeter, and somewhat crazy younger brother, Hank (Ethan Hawke) with some problems with dinero. Behind the payments for child support for his daughter, in debt to friends and relatives, he has not really thrilled them at work, etc. <br /> <br /> Sydney Lumet, in this performance at the age of 82 (!), directs and gets 99.99 percent fair, which is hard to do in a thriller. I've seen more thrillers than I can remember and most of the time the director makes the film print and lives with holes in the plot, the improbabilities, the background scenes and the hurry ending. Here Lumet makes a thriller as if it were a work of art. Every detail is perfect. Acting is superb. The plot has no holes. The story sounds real and clear and represents a story about human frailty that would honor the greatest directors and even Bard himself. <br /> <br /> Obviously Hoffman is excellent. When you don't have the pavilion, which guides the presence of man, you have to get by with talent, skill and pure concentration. Ethan Hawke, who is no stranger to the role of sweet and small man, adds a layer of desperation and too human incompetence to the part so that we don't know whether to pity him or to trash him. Albert Finney plays the father of rebellious children with a kind of steel intensity that belies his age. And Marisa Tomei, who has magical qualities of sensuality to get along with her unique creativity, manages to be both vulnerable and tough as the nails of Andy's wife. (But who could blame her?) It's almost a sacrilege of a reviewer to give a five or ten star commercial thriller, but if you study this film, as all would-be filmmakers should do, you'll notice the kind of excessive (according to most of the Hollywood producers) attention to the details that make real art - the kind of thing that only great artists can do, and in fact they can't do without it. (By the way, I think that in this film there were twenty producers ?? well, maybe a dozen, check the credits.) All I can say in summary is, Way to go Sydney Lumet, author of a slew of excellent films, and to show such loyalty to your profession and your art at such an advanced age? We can all do half as well. <br /> <br /> Ok, the 00.01 percent. It was unlikely that his father (Albert Finney) could have followed the taxis that Andy had taken around New York without somehow losing his tail. This is minor, and I wish all thrillers could have such a small blip. Furthermore, one wonders why Lumet decided not to tell us about Hank's fate at the end. We can guess and guess. Perhaps his fate fell on the cutting room floor. Perhaps Lumet was not satisfied with what was filmed and time ran out, and he just said, "Leave it alone. It doesn't matter." And I don't think so. What happens to Hank will not be good. He's not the kind of guy who manages to escape to Mexico and is able to start a new life. He is the kind of guy who gets a "light" sentence from 10 to 20 and serves him and it comes out like a shrunken human being who knows he isn't a real man when he should have been. <br /> <br /> See this for Sidney Lumet, one of Hollywood's best directors, The Pawnbroker (1964), The Group (1966), Serpico (1973), Dog Day Afternoon (1975), Network (1976) and many others.
