Tarantino once remarked on a 1930s melodrama called Backstreet that "tragedy is like another character" in the film. The same could be said - and not tolerating to raise Tarantino - for the best work of Sidney Lumet for years, a melodrama in which the character is of the utmost concern not only for the stakes with the involved cast. Kelly Masterson does not have a masterpiece of a script here (he practically turns into a crazy killer mode in the end in a series of climatic events that only work until the end, and even there the suspension of disbelief is fundamental), but his script it transmits the character before the plot, and in a story in which actions surround a robbery it is essential to know who these people beat by heartbeat. It is shabby, implacable like Satan, but also absolutely thrilling 90% of the time. <br /> <br /> Calculate it not only because Lumet knows how to handle a non-linear script in which we see the day - days of actions from character to character before, during and especially after the robbery is stolen to the jewelery 'mom - & - pop ', but because of the formidable assembled cast (which, I might add, is Lumet's specialty). Philip Seymour Hoffman and Ethan Hawke are brothers with their respective financial finances, and the former approaches the latter on what looks like an idiot-proof coup: sacking his mother's and father's jewelry in Westchester. Hawke's Hank involves another shady character though, homicides occur, and suddenly it's a Greek-style tragedy that affects the brothers and their father, played by a perfect Albert Finney. It is the kind of material that most actors love - characters who, like Dog Day Afternoon, are painfully human, imperfect to the bone but who only want love and / or things to fix and have the total inability to satisfy the their wishes and needs. <br /> <br /> In this case, however, Hoffman and Hawke are beautifully paired; Hoffman has, up until the last ten minutes, a super-calm and occasionally playful demeanor that reveals him as the brain of the operation, but then smaller scenes in which he emotionally breaks (ie with Finney or the automotive scene with Tomei) push his talents to the limit; Hawke, meanwhile, is called a loser by his ex-wife and daughter, cannot pay any debt, and is called a child by his father, and fills the party's bill in all the ways that count - it's not as imperfect as his older brother, but who wants to take a straw for that title? And Finney, as I said, fits perfectly, and his turn in Big Fish seems like child's play (the final scenes with him are terrifyingly tragic, his face retracts into a horror that has accumulated throughout the second half) . <br /> <br /> With the protagonists also the support shifts of Marisa Tomei, finely mischievous and perversely double, Bug's Michael Shannon as white garbage, and Amy Ryan, Brian F. O'Byrne and Rosemary Harris who make short, exact impressions, this is a film with an enormous amount of skill and heart - but not a forgiving heart - with a story that doubles on the details not because of conspicuous plots, but to clear up every step of a family's perpetual downward spiral. If it's not as amazing as Serpico or Network or the Pawnbroker or 12 Angry Men, it gets closer to anything Lumet has done since.
