In New York, Andy Hanson (Philip Seymour Hoffman) is an executive employee of a real estate office that stole a large amount for his addiction and his expensive way of living with his wife Gina (Marisa Tomei). When a check is scheduled in his department, he becomes desperate for money. His little brother Hank Hanson (Ethan Hawke) is a complete loser who owes his daughter three months of child support, and has a romance with Gina every Thursday afternoon. Andy does a robbery to their parents' jewelry on a Saturday morning without the use of guns, expecting to find an old employee who works and without financial damage to his parents, since the insurance company would reimburse the loss. On Monday morning, we will collect the money we need to cover his embezzlement. Invite Hank to participate, as he is well known in the mall where the jewel is located and could be recognized. However, Hank yellows and invites thief Bobby Lasorda (Brian F. O'Byrne) to steal the store, but things go wrong when their mother Nanette (Rosemary Harris) comes to work as a substitute for the clerk and Bobby brings a hidden gun. Nanette reacts and kills Bobby but is also hit by a fatal blow. After Nanette's death, their father Charles Hanson (Albert Finney) decides to investigate the robbery with tragic consequences. <br /> <br /> "Before the devil knows you are dead" is a comedy of errors, which reveals a good story. The originality and the difference are in the script, with a non-linear narrative to the "Pulp Fiction". The 83-year-old Sidney Lumet has another great job and the director's longevity is impressive. Philip Seymour Hoffman is exceptional in the role of a dysfunctional man with a traumatic relationship with his father who feels the world collapse mostly because of his insecure and clumsy brother. Marisa Tomei is still extraordinarily beautiful and sexy, showing a magnificent body. The violent conclusion shows that the world is indeed an evil place. My vote is seven. <br /> <br /> Title (Brazil): "Antes Que o Diabo Saiba Que Você Está Morto" ("Before the devil knows you are dead")
