The Bible teaches us that the love of money is the root of all evil. Love for money leads to greed that can lead to pride and ultimately destruction. Two brothers, Andy and Hank, will discover how much they love for money and those they love the most. Andy Hanson (Philip Seymour Hoffman) and his younger brother Hank (Ethan Hawke) could not have been more different It seems that Andy is enjoying the success of working in the New York real estate market and is married to his beautiful wife Gina (Marisa Tomei), which is the idea of ​​a trophy wife, if it ever existed. Hank, however, is a divorcee who is at the mercy of his ex-wife, his daughter's expensive school accounts and the endless amount of child support payments. A man who understands well and has good intentions, however, Hank cannot escape the water that its slowly rising above his head, no matter how hard you swim to stay above it. <br /> <br /> However, Andy has his problems with the only difference between him and his brother that hides them better. He has committed fraud against his company and is heavily involved in the use of drugs to escape his fears. The pressure of his life and the lies he needs to maintain his appearances have now made him think of escaping from the country with Gina to start over. Obviously, like Hank, he needs money to do it and believes he knows how to get it. Such as? Stealing the jewelry their parents own and manage. This act of treason is where the Hanson brothers, their families and many other lives will be destroyed because of greed, pride and fear. <br /> <br /> The uniqueness of Before The Devil Knows You're Dead is the way the story is told. After the robbery went wrong, Nanette Hanson (Rosemary Harris), who is Andy's mother and Hank, is killed, the story is told from a variety of different points of view from several days before and after the robbery attempt. We learn more about the motivations not only of Andy and Hank, but also of the reaction to their father Charles (Albert Finney) until the death of his wife. The relationship between Charles and his two sons, especially Andy, is also explored, and another possible motivation is discovered after it has been revealed that there is little love between the two men. Nanette may have been loved by her children, but their father is a different story. Philip Seymour Hoffman demonstrates once again why he is one of the most impressive actors in Hollywood, playing Andy as not only a greedy criminal with a lack of morality but also, in a contradictory way, as a man with whom we can sympathize. Ethan Hawke also brings Hank to life not only as a loser, but just like a man desperately trying to keep what little he has left. Andy and Hank are thus brought to life in such a realistic way that it is easy to think of them not as mere characters, but as real images of lost and confused men who are now faced with the consequences of their actions. <br /> <br /> Before The Devil Knows You're Dead is a moral story about how our actions lead to consequences that we might not otherwise expect to face. Furthermore, our choices can also influence those around us in ways we never expected. In what should be the best image of the year, let's see how lives are easily broken when the love of money becomes the ultimate quest to alleviate our problematic lives. In other words, there are no easy solutions or answers to our problems and trying to find them can only make things worse. <br /> <br /> 10/10
