The full title of this film is "May you be in heaven half an hour before the devil knows you are dead", a reformulation of the old Irish toast "May you have food and clothes, a soft pillow for your head; you may be 40 in paradise, before the devil knows you're dead. "The screenwriter Kelly Masterson (with some modifications by director Sidney Lumet) first invented a melodrama that explores how fragmented a family can become when it forces external push members towards unthinkable extremes. In this film the viewer is allowed to witness the gradual but almost complete implosion of a family from a much used one but, here, a very sensitive manipulation of the narrative flashback / flash forward technique. By repeatedly offering the different advantages of each of the characters regarding the central incidents that drive this rather harrowing story, we see that all the motivations of the players in this case of a robbery went very badly. <br /> <br /> Andy Hanson (Philip Seymour Hoffman) is a wealthy executive, married to an emotionally needy Gina (Marisa Tomei), and dependent on an expensive drug habit. His life is starting to collapse and he needs money. Andy's younger brother, Hank (Ethan Hawke), is a ruined life - he is divorced from his cunning wife Martha (Amy Ryan), is back in food and support for children, and has borrowed everything he can from his friends and he needs money. Andy offers a low-key robbery of a small Mall-and-pop jewel that promises safe and fast money for both. The problem is that the history of jewelry belongs to the parents of men: Charles (Albert Finney) and Nanette (Rosemary Harris). Andy anticipates Hank some money and agrees that Hank will do the real robbery, but although Hank accepts the "foolproof" plan, he hires a friend to do the actual job while Hank intends to be the driver of the car escape. The robbery is horribly messed up when Nanette, who shows up for the regular clerk, shoots the thief and is shot into chaos. The disaster reveals many secrets about the fragile relationships of the family and when Nanette dies, Charles, Andy and Hank (and their respective partners) are pushed to disastrous ends with surprises at every turn. <br /> <br /> Each of the actors in this strong but emotionally sharp film offers excellent performances, and while it is expected that from Hoffman, Hawke, Tomei, Finney, Ryan and Harris, is the wise hand of directing of Sidney Lumet that make this film so unforgettable. It is not a film easy to watch, but it is a film that allows some performances of skill that require our respect, a film that reminds us how many families can be fragile. Grady Harp
