I have to admit that I had my doubts about this movie before going to see it. The main reason is that it was compared to a Hitchcock movie. I have seen many films that have been inspired by Hitchcock or that may have been made by the "Master of Suspense", but so far I have not seen any of these films that would have been able to withstand the test of time. In my opinion, Hitchcock has become a household name too easily used to promote some (cheap) thrillers, but on the other hand I have to admit that I was fascinated because this is a European film. Normally it is the big Hollywood studios that like to abuse the name of Hitchcock if it can increase their income. But this film was made in one of the most chauvinistic European countries of all time and I am sure that most French people would rather die than admit that their films were inspired by an Englishman. That's why I decided to try this movie and I have to say that I'm glad I did it. <br /> <br /> "Sur mes lèvres" or "Read my Lips" as it is called in English, tells the story of a young secretary named Carla. She is a hardworking and loyal employee, but has never been much appreciated by her colleagues. This has a lot to do with the fact that she suffers from a hearing deficiency, which denied her getting on the company's hierarchical scale. But when she is allowed to hire a trainee who can work for her, this is about to change. Paul Angeli is a 25-year-old ex-offender and completely unqualified. The man is a thief, but Carla gives him a chance and covers for him when necessary. He hopes to teach him what a normal life should be like, but at the same time he drags it with him into his old life ... <br /> <br /> Since I still believe the name Hitchcock is used too often to describe a very good thriller - which is surely this film - I will not make any comparison between the direction of Hitchcock and Jacques Audiard. The fact is that the man did a great job with this film. I had never heard of him before, but it is true that he knows how to accumulate suspense and how to keep you interested from the beginning to the end. This also has a lot to do with the very beautiful and original story, of course. I doubt anyone in Hollywood ever had the idea of ​​using a handicapped woman in a powerful role, instead of making her the helpless subject of a violent husband (you know, the typical story of a TV movie). br /> <br /> It is also worth noting the acting in this film. Vincent Cassel is quite famous, but Emmanuelle Devos was a real mystery to me. There is absolutely nothing fascinating about their roles, but both have done a great job with their characters, making them feel very credible and realistic. Paul could have been the average tough guy out of jail and Carla the typically helpless woman, but thanks to their performances, you really believe that they are two strong people who both had bad luck in life but who will do the best of everything together. <br /> <br /> All this is a powerful film with a very refined script and excellent acting. Although I had my doubts, I soon became one of his greatest admirers. I give this movie at 8/10. Do not hesitate to try it.
