I'm starting to see a very coherent form in the identity of the 2007 films. If 2004 was the year of biographies and 2005 was the year of political films, 2007 can be identified as a year characterized by myriad of stories about morality, films that portray, test and question human morality and the motivations that drive us to do certain things. Although this identification is quite wide, I think that this year there are a handful of films, like 3 : 10 To Yuma, Eastern Promises, American Gangsters, No Country for Old Men and others that specifically question and study human morality and the reasons that drive us to act like violence or betrayal. Before the devil knows that you are dead, it is a tale of elegant and fashionable moralism, and somewhat obscure, dark and depressing. And even better is the fact that it comes from one of the greatest classical directing forces of our time, the legendary Sidney Lumet, which many have said has reached its peak, but returns in full force with this wicked, criminal thriller. <br /> <br /> It is one of those films whose plots are so thick, which is very reluctant to go into details. It is a film that is best enjoyed if inserted without any preliminary knowledge of the events that are about to unfold, as there are twists and turns. But the dense and richly worked plot is not at the center of this film; the real focal point is, as I said, the moral narrative; the reasons that push these two men towards the actions they do in the film. In a plot structured as a combination of the filmographies of both the Coen Brothers (ie Blood Simple and Fargo) and Quentin Tarantino, we see two men guided in various obscure circumstances to bring out a fairly simple crime that becomes incredibly, ridiculously wrong, and reciprocates with full strength and inevitable tragedy. And to make it even more interesting, the film is told in a fragmented chronology that continues to trace and show a series of events following a different character every time and always ending where it was last interrupted. Sparkling, sharp, dense and precariously depressing, Kelly Masterson's script is surprisingly moving and well-rounded, particularly because it is a debut script. <br /> <br /> But the film is much more successful than it is simply delicious and quite depressing plot. First of all, the image appears and feels extraordinarily well. Throughout his career, Sidney Lumet has always used an interesting style of cinematography and lighting: natural and at the same time elegant. The film brings with it a distinct air of style and class, with a wonderful natural lighting that looks really fantastic. The change is top notch; combining the dramatic-thriller thriller aspect with the big hits that really take their time to retract the action accordingly. Furthermore, lively and dynamic camera angles and movements add further style. The film is also supported by an incredibly juicy soundtrack by Carter Burwell. <br /> <br /> The script does its part, and of course Lumet does its part, but at the dramatic center of the film there are three masterful actors who offer incredibly good performances. First, there are two leads. Leading the group is Philip Seymour Hoffman, who has always been an excellent actor, but has stumbled upon a rediscovered status of man-protagonist after his extraordinarily fantastic performance, winner of an Oscar in Capote. His turn in this film is fascinating: severely imperfect, broken, manic. Hoffman has some really intense scenes in the film that really allow his dramatic fury to come out, and not just his cunning and wit. At his side is Ethan Hawke, who has made some fantastic performances in many films that are almost always obscured by bigger and grander actors. Here, it bounces on Hoffman and completes it so incredibly well; Overall, the dynamic acting between the two is so absolutely fantastic and convincing, the audience gets lost very quickly in the characters and forgets that it's watching the actors. And then there's Albert Finney. A support role as flexible and opulent as the one who needs a professional veteran and here Finney offers his best performance in many years as the father tragically obsessed by the two brothers who are involved in the crime. I like how the dynamics develop between the three. I love how Hoffman is clearly the dominant brother and shamelessly chooses his little brother even now that they are middle-aged men; and despite this, it is clear that Finney's father favors Hawke's younger and weaker brother. Also on the subject of the cast, the two supporting female characters ?? brothers' wives ?? also the fantastic performances of Amy Ryan and Marisa Tomei, whose looks have always improved over the years. <br /> <br /> This film is not revolutionary. These themes and style have already been explored by the likes of The Coen Brothers, and it is very easy to imagine them directing this film. But for a film that traces familiar terrain, it simply excels. Lumet uses his immense directorial talent and uses his unique and very subtle sense of irony and style for Masterson's screenplay, vividly vivid, intense and morbidly depressing for the first time. The main performances are incredibly intense and the film features absolutely fantastic curves from Hoffman, Hawke and Finney; but the real wonder of the film is that three years after winning an Oscar for his career, much revered as the last sign of retirement in the world of cinema, Sidney Lumet shows that he still has the immense talent to offer a truly wonderful, resonant sound , an intense piece of cinema that recalls its golden years.
