Sydney Lumet has not had a box office success in 20 years, yet at 83 years old she managed to churn out a tight, suspenseful thriller set in her old stamping ground, New York City. (How he got the insurance, not to mention the budget after all these flops, it's also a mystery). The story is rather grim and the characters are not particularly nice, but kept me on the edge of my seat until the final scene. <br /> <br /> Two brothers with pressing financial problems conspire to rob a suburban jewelry owned by elderly parents. The only victim will be the insurance company. The robbery goes wrong and two people die. Most of the film deals with the consequences. The action is non-linear and seen from the different points of view of the main character, but it's not difficult to follow. What is not so easy to solve is history? how did the brothers make such a mess? Are there any clues ?? the younger brother is the son of the family is the favorite of his fathers, while the older brother seems to carry a lot of baggage on his relationship with his father, and vice versa, but this hardly explains that it turns into heroin - using appropriation undue murder of a murderer. <br /> <br /> As the intriguing older brother, a burly Philip Seymour Hoffman dominates the film, but is well supported by Ethan Hawke as his younger brother being bullied and inadequate. Albert Finney as their father seems to be in a constant state of anger, but then the script requires it. Marisa Tomei as the sulky wife of her older brother at the age of 42 puts the sexiest performance I've seen in many years. The film literally starts with a bang, but we're out of that comfort zone pretty quickly. <br /> <br /> I don't know the origins of this story from the screenwriter for the first time Kelly Masterton but I suspect that like the great Lumet movie The 70s movie "Dog Day Afternoon" is based on the fact ?? it's too silly to be fake. Lumet is only the last of those directors of long-standing, immensely versatile artisan sets, who with immense speed were able to direct virtually everything that was put in front of them. Some great films have been produced as well as some classic turkeys. This is not a classic of both types ?? is a well-made piece of downbeat entertainment. It will probably leave you with the feeling of being lucky not to be a member of a family as dysfunctional as this, but still wondering how they behaved that way. We know that the parents were happy but we see so little of the mother and we hear so little about her that it is impossible to resume her relationship with the boys. (There is also a daughter whose presence seems redundant). Well, like Tolstoy, we must conclude that "every unhappy family is unhappy in its own way".
