What an extraordinary crime thriller !! My wife and I saw this at the Toronto International Film Festival last week and it was by far the best film in an exceptionally strong festival. It's already my second favorite movie of all time after DR. STRANGELOVE and I were definitely on a high emotional level as I returned home and discussed the movie with my wife. <br /> <br /> I don't want to ruin the plot because thrillers of this caliber are best appreciated without preconceptions. A synopsis that I would feel comfortable sharing is that two brothers, played by Phillip Seymour Hoffman and Ethan Hawke, are planning to rob a jewelry store in Westchester, New York. The film bounces back and forth in time for about two weeks (before, during and after the robbery) and a key scene is repeated at least three times. Normally, this could interrupt the momentum of a film but this never happens during this masterpiece. The excitement, tension and even the quality of the acting seemed to improve only as the film progressed. In the end, I was on the edge of my seat, breathless, waiting to see how it would all end. I know I used some clichés in this post, but I was literally on the edge of my seat. I must say that the non-linear plot is easy enough to follow. This is not the kind of movie in which you will accidentally hear members of the public asking their friends to explain the plot during the film. <br /> <br /> The acting is absolutely brilliant, and I doubt I would have the same admiration for the film if the casting wasn't so perfect. A small complaint is that Hoffman and Hawke do not look like brothers, but that is a small quirk that I can easily overlook. Hoffman was at his best and some of his scenes with Hawke were positively electric. Marisa Tomei (like Hoffman's wife) and Albert Finney (as father of Hoffman & Hawke) are also very good at supporting roles. Also some cameo representations have been so impressive that I still remember every comment, gesture and facial expression of Brian O'Byrne and Michael Shannon ?? absolute perfection. The robbery scene turned out to be more authentic than any other movie heist scene I've ever seen, and I had the same feeling of authenticity in most scenes, especially those with Hoffman. Music helped create tension during the film, often the same notes played very effectively. I listened to the music in my head the following day, even while I sat in other films. In addition to my little complaint at the beginning of this section, there was a twist that seemed a bit unbelievable (important spoiler, so I can't describe the scene). Otherwise, this movie is damn near perfection. <br /> <br /> There were about a dozen fantastic films at the festival that I'd like to see a second time but BEFORE THE DEVIL KNOWS YOU'RE DEAD IN a league of his By the way, director Sidney Lumet spoke earlier of the film and presented Marisa Tomei and Ethan Hawke on stage. Tomei did not speak and acted a little shyly, so Lumet asked "Can you believe such a beautiful person can be so shy with the camera?" That comment is quite ironic considering the graphic opening scene !!
