Two dysfunctional brothers (Philip Seymour Hoffman and Ethan Hawke) get tired of competing for who the biggest fucking guy is and who dad (Albert Finney) loves the most, so they hatch a pattern to do their hair to steal mom and dad's jewelry memorize so they can clear their debts and start over. It looks like a great plan, except that it's a suspenseful 70s style melodrama about a hit gone wrong, and boy, things are really bad here for our unfortunate duo and for all concerned. Lasciviously invented by screenwriter Kelly Masterson and classically performed by director Sidney Lumet, "Before the Devil Knows You're Dead" he uses robbery like his McGuffin to dig deep into family drama. <br /> <br /> Contrary to popular belief, Sidney Lumet is not dead. At the age of 83, he apparently made a deal with the devil to deliver one last big movie. Lumet was at its peak in the 70s with films like "Dog Day Afternoon", "Serpico" and one of my favorite movies of all time, "Network". Somehow he managed to make a film that brings all the distinctive features of his classics while weaving more modern elements (graphic sexuality, violence and games with temporal frames and POVs) into a crackling, vibrant, thin, petty and provocative melodrama. One can only hope that some of the great moderns (like Scorsese or Spielberg) who emerged during the same decade in which Lumet was at the top of his game had much more cheek when they reached that age. <br /> <br /> Lumet is a master at directing people to walk through spaces to create tension and develop characters. As the cast dances through the finely furnished Manhattan offices and apartments, its slowly moving camera creates a palpable sense of anxiety, since we never know who might be around the corner or what this person in the next room could do. The way in which Lumet uses multiple POV and the time frame approach is also incredible. The consistent and classic presentation he uses makes films structured in a similar way to the prodigious Christopher Nolan and Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu they look like an amateur hour. <br /> <br /> Obviously, the best thing is to direct incredible ensembles and deceive them by acting within an inch of their lives. Philip Seymour Hoffman has never been, and probably never will be, better than him. The portrait of a betrayed father and at the end of Albert Finney's rope is a masterpiece to watch. Ethan Hawke, normally an anonymous cute boy, is as perfect as his emotionally crippled little brother who has been skating too long about his charm and looks. The coup de grace, however, is the series of scenes between Hoffman and Marisa Tomei, strangely about the point as his fickle trophy wife. Lumet manages them through the range of emotions that culminate in a scene that is the best of its kind since William Holden insulted Beatrice Straight just as best supporting actress in "Network". <br /> <br /> The devil of every great film is in the details, from Albert Finney's touch of the trunk of his car that will not close due to a fender, to the gaze of Amy Ryan (fresh from his incredible turn in "Gone Baby Gone") gives her ex-husband Ethan Hawke to his sweetened promise to his little girl that all three of them know he will not keep the dialogue that asks the cultists to quote him (my favorite phrase is the hilarious threat "Do you mind if I call you Chico?") for Carter Burwell's excellent score. "Before the devil knows you're dead" is the movie of the year. If something emerges at its best, then we know that some other operations must have been negotiated with Old Scratch.
