The French directors continue to amaze with their extraordinary ability to simulate the panoramas and sounds of ordinary and everyday life in the suburbs. This was immediately apparent with the release of L'Emploi du temps (Time Out) in early 2002, a brilliant study of the character of a white collar descent into melancholy after being fired from his job. Like the passion of French filmmakers, many scenes were shot on real roads and in public places, giving the cinema a true sense of history, yet L'Emploi du temps had an elegant look thanks to excellent shooting work and some extraordinary location footage (especially a Swiss mountain hut). Running seriously in that masterly film comes another impressive French production, Jacques Audiard's gritty crime script, Sur mes levres (Read My Lips). In reality, to label this film a caper criminal does a bad service because it is much more than that. As with the previous French version, it is an incisive study of the characters of marginal people who use their ingenuity to move forward in a society that has turned its back on them. In a Parisian construction company, Carla, a shy and tiny young woman sits at her desk, kidnapped in an area of ​​the office that is the main route to xerox machines and services. <br /> <br /> Hateful colleagues use the front of Carla's desk to chat and leave their cups of polystyrene half-sided coffee. Partially deaf, Carla turns her hearing aids on and off at her discretion if the noise becomes annoying, be it the hum of paper photocopiers or the weeping of a friend's child. When her boss calls her to the office to suggest hiring a secretarial assistant to help her with the workload, Carla fears she might lose her job. At the Carla employment office, he lists the specifications he wants for his assistant (preferably male) as if he were at a staffing agency. He should be 25 years old and be clean, with extensive computer and filing skills. When the agency sends a scruffy and threatening young man, Carla is both shocked and intrigued. They leave the office and have lunch at a local restaurant, where Carla interviews her future assistant. When he discovers he has just been released from prison, Carla initially wants nothing to do with Paul, but changes his mind and hires him. Although she is fundamentally kind to her aide, Carla is now in a position of authority and in possession of a new sense of power. Paul learns quickly and becomes a skilled worker. Carla helps Paul find a temporary place to live and even cover it when his probation officer shows up one day in the office wondering why Paul missed the appointment. During a lunch break, Carla informs Paul of her hearing impairment and reveals her ability to read her lips. Later, when an avid collaborator openly takes on a project on which Carla worked, a furious Carla asks Paul's help to get revenge on the man. From here on, Sur mes levres turns into an increasingly intense criminal drama that degrades into some of the most violently represented scenes that have been shown on the screen in recent years. The script borrows elements from Hitchcock, in particular the REAR WINDOW, in which Carla's lip-reading talent comes into play using binoculars. Between the two protagonists there is an exciting sexual attraction between the two protagonists that culminates in an unusual homage to NORTHWEST, but it works because of the noticeable sexual warmth that develops slowly between the two stars. That said, what is far from this film is not so much the similarities with the classic Hitchcock thrillers, even if those elements are certainly there, but the pervasive vision of a modern city (in this case Paris) where life flows gamut from mundane days of work at a lively nightlife, where sex, drugs and recycled money infiltrate the lives of different characters. Unlike Hollywood productions, this is a thread of psychological suspense in which people resemble the everyday man and woman on the street, where a punch in the face or groin sounds like a sickening thud and where the office it is a place to be feared. It's Hitchcock with the gloves off.
