The film's design seems to be the alpha and omega of some of the major problems in this country (United States). We see reports everywhere at the university for the film. All right, the obvious student v.s. the teacher is present. But what the film adds to its value are its other relationships: male v.s. female, white v.s. black, and the individual v.s. society. But the most important of all and in direct relation to all other relationships is the individual v.s. himself. <br /> <br /> I was amazed at how a bilateral viewpoint the director gave to show race relations on campus. Most films generally show the injustices of one side while showing the suffering of the other. This film showed the injustices and suffering of both sides. He didn't try to show how it was right, although I would say that the heads of the skin were shown to be much more cruel and vindictive (quite obvious towards the end). The film also talks about sex and rape. It is ironically this injustice that somehow unites the two races for a certain period. Lawrence Fishburne does an exaggerated performance like the sagacious Profesor Phipps. It crumbles the idea of ​​racial favoritism and instead shows the parallelism between the lazy and the trampled with the industrious and the positive. Other stars who make this film are Omar Epps, Ice Cube and Jennifer Connelly. Michael Rapaport offers an excellent portrait of a confused young man with misplaced anger who is seeking acceptance. Tyra Banks makes her film debut and shows that supermodels can act. <br /> <br /> Higher Learning takes its name from showing the college more than going to class and getting a piece of paper. In fact, I would say that the film is almost a satire in showing students the interactions between them, rather than in a dry book, like real education in a university. It is a process of learning about life, not a textual one. I think you will find "Higher Learning" about important issues in many universities and even in life in general. 8/10
