"The Blob" qualifies as a science fiction film for the cult not only because it launched the 27 year old Steve McQueen on a trajectory towards the superstar, but also because he exploited the popular themes of the alien invasion and delinquency inseparable in the 50s . Interestingly, no one in the screenplay by Kay Linaker and Theodore Simonson ever refers to the scarlet red amorphous protoplasm that crashed on Earth in a meteor and threatened everyone in the small town of Downingtown, Pennsylvania, on Friday night as "The Blob". Steve McQueen won the role of Josh Randall, the old West bounty hunter in "Wanted: Dead or Alive", after producer Dick Powell saw the release of this Paramount Pictures. Meanwhile, the attractive McQueen actress, Aneta Corsaut, starred opposite Andy Griffith in "The Andy Griffith Show" as Sheriff Taylor's girlfriend Helen Crump. Of course, neither McQueen nor Corsaut were teenagers, but true adolescents rarely played teenagers. Director Irvin S. Yeaworth, Jr., made his directorial debut with "The Blob". Linaker & Simonson's script summarized four genres: first, the alien invasion; second, adolescent delinquency; third, a mysterious murder and the fourth; a horror cooler. Furthermore, while the gelatinous substance takes various forms, it remains largely anonymous. In other words, the namesake Jell-O does not speak or communicate by telepathy. Instead, he kills unscrupulously and discriminates against anyone. The tone of "The Blob" is quite serious despite its somewhat country-like nature. <br /> <br /> As the filmmakers point out on the DVD edition of Criterion's "The Blob", the film opens unusually for a sci-fi thriller with our hero and heroine in a remote rural world that is kissing . Jane (Anita Corsaut) and Steve (Steve McQueen) see a great meteor fall on the earth and run off to find it. Meanwhile, an old man finds the meteor and sticks it with a stick. The meteor opens and a slimy clam sticks to the stick. When the old timer (Olin Howland of "The Paleface") looks at him more closely, the goop sticks to his hand. The old man runs screaming from the crater and Steve almost hits him with his jalopy. Steve and Jane take the boy and take him to see Dr. Hallen in the city. <br /> <br /> Hallen is ready to leave the city for a medical conference when Steve and Jane take the old man to his office. Hallen calls his nurse to return because he may need to perform an amputation. Obviously, Hallen has never seen anything like the substance on the man's forearm. Hallen sends Steve and Jane to find out what happened. Our heroes meet another group of teenagers who ridicule Steve's fast driving. Steve tricked him into a reverse race, but local police chief Dave (Earl Rowe) leaves him out of trouble. Steve and the teenagers visit the site of the meteor crater and find the hot remains of the meteor. After visiting the old man's house and saving a dog, the teenagers split up for a spooky movie late at night while Steve and Jane return to Dr. Hallen's office. During the interval, the blob completely absorbed the old geezer, killed Hallen's nurse and attacked the doctor. Neither the acid thrown on the protoplasm nor Hallen's rifle has any effect on the blob. Steve sees the blob that absorbs Hallen. When Steve and Jane go to the police department to report the incident, Dave is frankly incredulous, while Sergeant Bert (John Benson) believes it is a joke. Bert has an ax to grind with the teenagers because his wife died when one hit his car. Steve and Jane take them to Hallen's office, but they can't find anyone's skin or hair, but Dave admits that the office was vandalized. Against Sergeant Bert's advice, Dave turns boys into their parents. As soon as Steve and Jane tricked their people into believing they were sleeping comfortably in bed, they ventured again. They drive into the city and identify the old man's dog who has moved away from them in front of a supermarket. When they go to retrieve the mutt, Steve steps in front of the supermarket's electric door and opens. They don't find anyone inside, but they meet the blob. Steve and Jane take refuge in a freezer and the blob doesn't attack them. Later, after escaping, Steve persuades the boys who challenged him in a road race to warn the authorities why he should be home in bed. Police chief Dave and the fire brigade arrive at the supermarket. Steve tries to convince Dave that the blob is in the store. At that time, the blob kills the theater projectionist and attacks the spectators. Suddenly, a horde of people leave the theater and Dave believes Steve. Steve and Jane end up at a lunch counter that the blob attacks. The owner and our heroes hide in the basement and Steve discovers that a fire extinguisher with its icy contents forces the blob to withdraw. <br /> <br /> The authorities collect every fire extinguisher in the city and manage to freeze the blob. The Pentagon sends a team to transport the blob to the North Pole. As the remains of the worm glide towards the polar ice, the final credit appears with a ghostly giant question mark. Producer James B. Harris obtained military escort material from a Master Globe military transport aircraft that deposited the parachute and its cargo. <br /> <br /> "The Blob" proved to be a drive-in success and Steve McQueen's impetus to celebrity gave the film added momentum. Unless you are a young man, this little horror film is not scary at all, but Yeaworth and his writers create a sufficient amount of paranoia and sympathy for our heroes. They never show the blob that assimilates its victims and leaves this to your imagination, so "The Blob" is not without a minimum of subtlety.
