I had seen it for the first time several years ago on a now-defunct Sicilian television channel; Surprisingly, the film emerged as a high-priced Criterion DVD: not being sure of what I had initially done with it (although it has reached cult level over the years, the goal is clearly seen modestly even by fans of kind), I opted not to make the purchase ?? as I did with the like and, for me, unknown FIEND SENZA FACCIA (1958). Recently, however, I managed to acquire THE BLOB through a copy of the Spanish DVD which, curiously, was transferred to the two Audio Commentary tracks of the Criterion "Special Edition" ?? but unfortunately I could not turn off the Spanish subtitles during playback of the main feature! However, watching the film again, I was surprised by how much I liked it (despite many narrative flaws, which I will get later) ?? as a pure example of "doubling the film B" (atypically filmed in pleasant colors) and a time capsule illustrating the social attitudes of the late 1950s. The male protagonist was an early role for Steve (n) McQueen and, although the actor may have subsequently looked at him with contempt, his only contribution to the genre proves to be quite engaging: not averse to youthful kicks but still essentially decent (e, most important, altruistic) child. The special effects that describe the slimy and expanding creature are not bad for its genus and period; does the film itself rise to a good climax ?? starting with the invasion of a cinema by the monster (which shows DAUGHTER OF HORROR [1953/7] as recently mentioned in the review of that film, but curiously projected "upside down" and which sequence, incidentally, would have been presented to the opening of an Italian satirical program actually called "Blob"!). As for the certainly minor quibbles that I have with the film: isn't the monster shown on the road? presents itself in a variety of places, never seen by anyone! there is an excessive emphasis (equivalent to filling) on ​​the scratches of children with the Police; Is it foolish to have the city doctor shoot at The Blob ?? as if fluid, whatever its proportion, can be destroyed by bullets! equally absurd is that teenagers warn citizens of the danger by making door-to-door visits (especially considering that, at that point, only McQueen had actually seen the monster in action)! A lower sequel emerged in 1972 called BEWARE THE BLOB! the original was then redone in 1988 ?? I looked at it not so long ago, but it doesn't seem to have made a lasting impression on me (although I know Michael Elliott loves it). For the record, I will follow this vision with two other collaborations between director Yeaworth and producer Jack H. Harris, or 4D MAN (1959) and DINOSAURUS! (1960).
