Films like Chocolat, Beau Travail and others have prompted French director Claire Denis to be one of the best directors in the world and her 2004 film The Intruder (L'Intrus) adds to the depth of her portfolio. A cinematographic poem that transmits a state of constant loneliness and loss, the film offers a glimpse into the psyche of a man who is deteriorating physically and mentally and who travels to various parts of the world in search of redemption and peace, but has difficulty coming . Freely inspired by Jean-Luc Nancy's memorial of a heart transplant, The Intruder is a film of such implacable opacity that even after two visions it is difficult to describe it in other subjective and impressionist terms. <br /> <br /> Louis Trebor (Michael Subor) is a man in his seventies who probably dies of heart and, like Ingmar Bergman's professor of Wild Strawberries, tries to come to terms with the mistakes of his life while he has time. It is clear that he is physically robust and very rich, but he seems emotionally drained and the expression on his face is one of silent resignations. Even if we see only one episode of violence, where he gets out of bed in the middle of the night to kill an intruder, there is a sinister sense of him. It could be an intelligence officer, a foreign agent or a hit man. <br /> <br /> Whatever the case, it is apparently under a sort of surveillance and behaves like a man who has been involved in criminal offenses and is only now able to see the consequences. Facial close-ups throughout the film create a strong sense of isolation. He lives with his dogs in a cabin in the Jura mountains, near the French-Swiss border, and has a separated son, Sidney (Gregoire Collin), who has long neglected. Sidney lives nearby with his wife Antoinette (Florence Loiret-Caille) and their two children. In a scene he tells, he meets his father on the street and calls him a madman, but that doesn't stop him from taking his money. <br /> <br /> When the film opens, we meet Antoinette, a Swiss border guard, who embarks on a van with a dog trained to sniff out some smuggling. When she returns home, she is greeted by her husband who asks her with irony if he has "something to declare?" In addition to these three individuals, the people and circumstances we see during the rest of the film can only exist in Louis's imagination. Louis has three women in his life and we meet them all in the first half hour of the film: a pharmacist (Bambou) who prepares his medicines, a neighbor (Béatrice Dalle) who is a dog breeder who refuses to take care of his dogs when he goes on a trip telling him that they are crazy like him, and a young Russian organ trader (Katia Golubeva) who says he wants a "young heart". <br /> <br /> Without stopping, she pursues him throughout the film, but is apparently only in his mind. In the last part of the film, Louis travels to South Korea in search of a heart transplant and to Tahiti to deliver a gift to a different child, one he hasn't seen for many years or perhaps never seen. His heart transplant, however, appears to be a metaphor for a heartless man, a man whose life was fascinating but ultimately without direction, intruding on the lives of other people with little real empathy. The Intruder contains a haunting guitar soundtrack by Stuart Staples from the band Tindersticks, reminiscent of Jim Jarmusch's Dead Man guitar riff, and Denis Agnes Godard's splendid cinematography. <br /> <br /> Godard creates memorable images that convey a mood of desire and regret: a heart beating alone in the snow, a baby in a sling looking at his father for two minutes, the expression of the child who gradually it turned from a grim smile to a half smile, colored streamers from a newly baptized ship, a massage in a dark room by a mysterious Korean masseuse, and the vast expanse of ocean seen from a deck of bobbing ships. While The Intruder can be frustrating due to its elliptical nature, Denis forces us to respond based on our experience, to understand the images on the screen at a very personal level. If there is any theme, there may be a suggestion in the opening that tells us what is fragmented in the film - "your worst enemies are hiding in your heart in the shadows".
