My opinion on this, at our local festival where people saw me so often considered me a better source than I could be, started with a nod: "Well, I can't summarize the plot, but it's really a study of superb character of an extremely frightening man. "Then, with slight embarrassment, I came across someone who really knew what had happened, that is, from whom Trebor unwittingly took his new heart. It was my last film in a long, long day halfway through the festival. Maybe I dozed off. The better the film, the more likely it is to trigger daydreams that really send me to dream. I don't know. I knew there was a turning point in O'Henry painfully just beyond my grasp when things were over. And he knew it had to do with the heart, hence the silently exhilarating search for talent. My observation of the loss of the plot had more to do with the complications of Trebor's connections in France, his relationship with the dog woman and so on, things for which I had been completely awake. Denis barely looks at the details that may have anchored the treatment of another director. <br /> <br /> But I write these things too often from memory, especially the films of the festival, the films whose DVD I don't have at hand (Le Lait de la tendinee humaine is one of many examples.) and the nodes of the plot are attenuated much faster than wider impressions. And yet, or already, the Inrus in my memory is beyond any other study of a kind of superman of the dark side, a superdecorate not inserted in the genus or historical traps but active and plausible, relatively calm, guided but patient, really between us. The scar, once reached, makes it, only visually, I mean, in the image, a sort of hybrid monster of Frankenstein, mad doctor and creation all in one. The real doctors are his tools. If he does not extract and install the heart himself, it is only because it is not possible. It is the force, always, the parasite that consumes all those it touches and finally itself. What else is he? To suggest that he is us, the First World against the Third, seems too simple given that he feeds no less than his fellow First Worlders, on all of us. <br /> <br /> The eye of a camera of Denis - when he looks at things that you know - usually goes where mine should be, so I tend to trust her when she looks at things I don't know. The snow trekking, the too fast cycling and the darkness of the forest I met in small ways, but the South Seas didn't, so I made a better entrance in L'Intrus, both in France and in the crystalline islands of its finish, that in Beau travail. The Intrus is, for me, an uncomfortable and very comfortable film. It is a sequence of familiarly portrayed places, with an intimacy that allows us to know them if we have seen reality or not. A single image, Trebor on a bicycle, its massive weight on the thin racing frame, the sounds of violent air and shrill tires, the asphalt ribbon, the brightly colored evergreens, made me realize that the film would be linear, a road trip, a single shove. <br /> <br /> Despite Trebor's personal power, he is a human failure. It doesn't matter with who he is, he is alone, even if apparently he hasn't always been. His body aborts life twice, before needing the new heart, then despite this. The Intrus is tragedy. Trebor is hybris. <br /> <br /> I am perilously sailing the thread of what I remember. Leave it to this.
