Sammo Hung's 1989 film Pediaab Driver is considered by many to be his masterpiece. I have to admit that the film in its best parts is really incredible and fantastic like any other Hong Kong film ever had. It's a combination of pretty good and well-written dramas, interesting and funny (and even not-so-friendly) characters, some really funny humor and a really exaggerated hyper kung fu that is guaranteed to make many jaws fall when someone is not familiar with cinema of Hong Kong watches the film and does it also to the experts of the single sector. <br /> <br /> Sammo and Max Mok Siu Chung play two pedicab pilots who live in Hong Kong in the central part of the last century, I think. They drive their taxis and are also desperate for love. Sammo is interested in the girl of the local baker Ping (Nina Li Chi) while Max one day meets a mysterious and beautiful Fennie Yuen Kit-Ying who he falls in love with. Also many other characters are introduced and always remain clear enough if the viewer really focuses on the film and its plot, so I can't say that the film is confused because it could be much worse, especially in Hong Kong! Soon we will discover, for example, that a ruthless gangster family is terrorizing the neighborhood and, of course, their violent acts also affect our protagonists, and so the premise was created for some of the most incredibly choreographed kung fu fighting sequences. As well as a nice drama. <br /> <br /> The film has an exceptional cast. The directors are all very good and sober (not excessively painful as Sammo's excessive acting and "humor", for example the great oriental condors (1987), for example) and are also, thanks to the carefully written script, rather nice and easy to identify with. The cast includes many faces and directors of HK cinema known in minor roles such as Corey Yuen Kwai (the legendary action director and director of such films as Savior of the Soul 1 and 2, Ninja in the Dragon's Den and Fong Sai Yuk 1 and 2), the masterful composer Lowell Lo Koon-Ting (The Willer by John Woo and Ringo Lam's School on Fire and Prison on Fire among many others, including Pedicab Driver!), Veteran Shaw Liu Chia Liang (who with Sammo fights furiously with sticks), Alfred Cheung Kin-Ting (the director of Dark HK classic 1988 on the run Onir), the late great Lam Ching Ying (better known for his friendly face in various horror / kung fu / horror comedies vampires) to name just a few. In fact, the cast of Pedicab Driver is one of the most interesting I've seen in any other HK production. <br /> <br /> The film has some interesting moments of peace, in particular the love between Max Mok and Fennie Yuen and a crisis they face thanks to the character of Lowell Lo. They could really have made this an absolutely serious piece if they wanted, like the discussions about human values ​​and the meaning of love, no matter what your past or what you did for a living, becoming so serious and truly effective in the part central that the film immediately becomes much more noteworthy than our average kung fu show actor. The efforts of the other characters to take care of things are also very touching and delightfully tell the right human relations and friendship, and of course love. However I think that what Fennie tells Max (about the future "bad kitchen") is very useless and scolds the potential of the whole segment and its themes quite effectively, unfortunately. <br /> <br /> But then we come to the thing that the filmmakers were most interested in. What is action, outrageous and exaggerated action. The fighting scenes include traditional kung fu, some sticks, meat cleavers and the like, and they are used hysterically here as in the most amazing kung fu scene I've ever seen in a movie, Drunken Master II by Jackie Chan ( 1994), they are really great! There are wires and they are used very skillfully and people literally fly into the opposite corner of the room when they are kicked or punched. Simply fantastic and again something only Hong Kong cinema can offer. Even the dangerous stunts cause the observer to hold his breath while the film has a fast auto sequence and pedicab tracking sequence and various dangerous looking jumps and flying bodies flying through the air and crashing hard towards the difficult destination. However the directors seem not to "accept" the violence of the film as Sammo is, like the late Bruce Lee, willing to let go after the last murderous chaos in the gangster's villa, and I think this kind of moral, no matter how obvious or superficial, it's a good thing even in a harmless film like this, since the cinema is meant to be much more than just mindless entertainment. <br /> <br /> The film also has some very humorous parts of humor that I'm not sure that everyone in Hollywood or America (for example) can understand or fully appreciate. The exhilarating Star Wars gag at the beginning is certainly one of them and it literally forced me to laugh when I realized what I was seeing. Moreover some funny scenes are born from Sammo's passion for Ping. However, the biggest laugh full of amazement came during the scenes depicted in the former pharagraph, while the imagery of big and tall men flying with great force on the screen towards the walls or the furniture is simply INSANE and so breathtaking I can't to hide my feelings and thoughts about these oriental directors when I witness something like this, and this is nothing but a positive and appreciable reaction, of course. <br /> <br /> Pedicab Driver is one of the most incredible Hong Kong action movies I've ever seen and easily one of Sammo's greatest achievements. If the few minor defects were not there, this could be even brighter and higher. 8/10
