It is a delicate and casual 50s comedy. Kim Novak belongs to a witch coven in Manhattan. He puts a spell on neighbor Jimmy Stewart out of boredom, but eventually falls in love with him, losing his powers. See, witches are allowed to have "hot blood" but not love. Elsa Lanchester is Novak's aunt, also a witch. Jack Lemmon is his brother, ditto. Hermione Gingold is the main witch and Ernie Kovacks is Sidney Redlich, an author who specializes in writing witches. <br /> <br /> I described it as a comedy of the fifties because you can't almost confuse it with something else. Everything is so smooth and polished, from the decoration of the fittings, to the wardrobe and to the plot, to the performances and to the direction. Take the character of Ernie Kovacks. It's called "a drunk and a nut". And here's how the film demonstrates these traits. He asks for a second drink and, even though he always wears a jacket and tie like the other gentlemen, his hair is a bit long and matted. This is a strictly 50s version of a drunk and a nut. Nothing is out of place; everything is orderly and dust-free. The soles of Jimmy Stewart's shoes are scarcely scarred. <br /> <br /> And the Zodiac Club, where the witches are found. It's called "low immersion". Yet it is a clean and dark place with polite waiters, a quintet of musicians, a well-dressed clientele and potted plants against the bare brick walls. This is not my idea or yours of a "low dive" - ​​not even for Greenwich Village in 1958. My idea of ​​a dive in Greenwich Village is Julius's or The White Horse Tavern or The San Remo or The Swing Rendezvous, now dead lesbian meeting. The Zodiac Club is a high immersion compared to these. <br /> <br /> The weirdness we always hear about is mitigated by today's standards. I mean, Kim Novak is weird because she walks around her apartment in bare feet. And she wears a lot of black clothes like the Beatniks of the period. <br /> <br /> But it doesn't matter. It's a pleasant romantic comedy. Kim Novak is as effective as Gillian, who runs a primitive art shop for the barefoot. It has a strange beauty, cumbersome and ethereal at the same time. Slide rather than walk, a slender presence. His eyebrows seem drawn with a set of French plastic curves. And Jimmy Stewart is pretty good as a bewildered and bewitched victim. In the 1930s he usually played in light roles. In the post-war years and for most of the 50s he was the tortured protagonist, but here he put his first experiences in comedy to use. Who could resist laughter when Hermione Gingold forces him to wear a shawl and drink a horrible mixture of putrid liquid to cure him of Novak's spell? It's nice to see him as a puppet in place of the angry and indignant man of principle who was in danger of becoming. Richard Quine directs the film in silence, without any fireworks or special effects, and does some interesting things that the game could not have had. Notice the scene in which Novak casts the spell on Stewart, when the face and ears of the Siamese cat seem to merge with the surprising looks of Novak. Ernie Kovacks was a well-known television personality in the 1950s. There has never been anything like the Ernie Kovacks show before or after. Brings to mind the word "surrealism". He could stage five minutes of wordless and indescribable tricks in an uninhabited room with only Bartok's Concerto for orchestra as a backdrop. And he made an impeccable sketch using the character of Percy Dovetail, an effected poet. The credits jump to The Condoli Brothers but it's rather random because these two guys - Pete and Conte - were virtuous trumpeters with independent careers in jazz groups. Conte was later a member of the Doc Severison band for the Johnny Carson Late Show. <br /> <br /> The third type of performance thins a little and becomes more "romantic" than "comedy". But it's never boring. The whole film is as good as the Van Druten drama and probably children will get a kick as well.
