I can look at B, B & C and feel all the emotions I felt when I first saw him at 18, maybe all but one. Certainly Miss K. Novak has not lost its silky charm in almost half a century. It was a thought of Diana Dors of the young. All those young thinkers who now collect their pensions can briefly regain their heart - tighten, tighten their collar, the pulsing ardor of the blood they felt when they looked directly into their eyes on the days when they said that they never had was so beautiful. Now, huddled against the cold and afraid of being robbed by a hooded sweatshirt, they rush home as quickly as their arthritic knees can carry them from the video store, relatively happy in the certainty that within the triple comparative security of their fourth - slowly block block can recover only a small fragment of their lost youth and perhaps reflect that love is truly eternal. This film is Miss Novak's golden moment. He grabbed it greedily and gave a performance of extraordinary voluptuousness combined with a hypnotic awareness of his sex - appeal and, despite all this, he convinces us that his character possesses a strange and seductive innocence. She completely dominates the amiable J. Stewart who seems resigned to delivering the film to her. Miss E. Lanchester and H. Gingold offer comic relief along with Mr E. Kovacs whose peculiar talents are strictly forbidden. Mr. J.Lemmon plays Miss Novak's brother. He is a beatnik, a lost species as soon as he realized that his existence had been recognized by the mainstream. Some of the more hardcore beats reinvented themselves as hippies a few years later. They certainly became fun figures in 1958 and Mr. Lemmon doesn't seem overly concerned with moderation in portraying one. But everything else is unhealthy, Miss Novak - immersed in a particularly beautiful specter of Technicolor - is the only reason for "Bell, Book and Candle". Survives, his improved reputation, as the definitive showcase for one of the most beautiful women in Hollywood. Loved by viewers, ignored by critics, Miss Novak will continue to fascinate with that enigmatic smile for as long as she thinks that old people have the strength to push the "Play" buttons on their DVD. One day, probably after we have all gone, she will be discovered by a new generation who, late, will understand that it is possible for a woman to be fully dressed and sexually attractive at the same time.
