"Van, Book and Candle" by John Van Druten is a delightful and unexpected fantasy about a coven of modern witches living in New York City; it was obviously an attractive film. He had a stellar part for Gillian Holroyd, for his book-like ex-girlfriend, Shepherd Henderson and his crazy family and circle, including Shep's ill-fated girlfriend, the hateful Merle Kittredge, against whose possibilities with Shep Gillian starts the his magical spell. He even had Pyewacket, a Siamese cat who knew my time well, Sidney Redlitch, a fake witch expert with atrocious pretensions and bad manners. In short, it seemed to his producer, perhaps, the magic of the box office. And so it was. So many things were right about his production, he had only one element not perfect; but I found the rest fun, fascinating and very coherent-fun. To begin with, Daniel Taradash's screenplay retained the best qualities of the play, but opened its scenes to include Greenwich Village and other areas of the New York scene. The technical production was beautiful, with the cinematography of the legendary James Wong Howe, a soundtrack by George Duning, more than intelligent sets by Louis Diage and dresses by Jean Louis. In the attractive cast were Wolfe Barzell, Howard McNear, Janice Rule as Merle, Ernie Kovacs as Redlitch, Jack Lemmon as Gillia's mischievous brother, the wonderful comedians Elsa Lanchester and Hermione Gingold in the role of other witches and the adorable Kim Novak in one of his most touching parts. Gillian. Jimmy Stewart was the imperfect element in my judgment; he did well with the comedic parts of his part, but was never convincing as a book publisher in New York, and still a little too old for the part of Henderson. But director Richard Quine used soft lighting, rhythmic variations and unusually composed shots to indicate the strangeness of the film's witch portions, keeping the other parts very bright but simple in their presentation. The main crisis of the film occurs when Gillian falls in love with Henderson, who does not believe in witches at all. He only started to alienate him from his girlfriend, his college rival. Later, when Henderson tries to get out, she keeps coming back to her - and realizes she's the victim of a spell, while she tried to explain to him apologizing. .. Meanwhile, Sidney Redlich was summoned by the witch spell to come to New York to sell his book to Henderson. Of course he knows nothing about magic, but he is rather perplexed and interested in finding out why he came from nowhere; but Gillian's brother illuminates him. Everything finally comes to this romantic satire as Gillian demonstrates her love for Henderson by losing her powers - which is what happens to witches when they truly love a mortal. Of course, he never really wanted to resist him anyway. The film has lively dialogues, charm and a bit of "magic" in its own right in the enchanted charm of the witches and torments that Gillian must face in her battle with herself and to conquer the man she loves. A beautiful finish for this beautifully photographed and unusual novel makes his incredible realism, even if a fantasy, almost complete in my opinion. Memorably delicious.
