The drama Bell, Book and Candle was a favorite of mature actresses to do in summer titles and take the road. A famous story, told by director Harold J. Kennedy, has Ginger Rogers who insists that his then husband, William Marshall, who was not an actor, attended. Marshall wore a hairpiece, and when he crossed a door, his hairpiece took a nail and stood behind, dangling in the doorway as he walked on stage. <br /> <br /> The game has been successfully adapted into a beautiful color film starring Kim Novak, James Stewart, Jack Lemmon, Elsa Lanchester, Hermoine Gingold, Ernie Kovacs and Janice Rule. It's light entertainment, about a seemingly normal witch family (Novak, Lemmon and Lanchester) and the publisher (Stewart) who lives in their building. The most expert of them is Gillian, with a soft voice and a soft voice that would like to be normal. One night, with Stewart in his apartment, he casts a spell on him using his Siamese cat, Pyewacket, and falls in love with her. <br /> <br /> "Bell Book and Candle" was shot on a fascinating set that replicates New York. The film is a lot of fun. Jack Lemmon is very funny in a supporting role like Gillian's brother, a witch musician and Zodiac Club full of sorcerers. Use his powers to turn the streetlights on and off and to turn on the casual woman. Janice Rule is as perfect as Gillian's snobby ex-college rival, who now goes out with Stewart, and Ernie Kovacs has a big twist as an eccentric who is writing the definitive book on witches. Lanchester and Gingold, of course, are always wonderful, the stupid aunt of Lanchester Gillian and Gingold as a kind of queen of witchcraft. <br /> <br /> Kim Novak is a good choice for Gillian, giving the character a witch-friendly detachment, showing emotions when it becomes appropriate, and with that voice, fabulous face and magnificent wardrobe, she is certainly magic. Stewart, in his last foray as a romantic lead, dressed with Novak as he did with Vertigo, and made an effective team. It provides heat, provides the cool, and somehow, together, sparkles. In this, of course, it is much more elegant than "Vertigo". A fascinating film, good for a Sunday afternoon, good around Christmas (as part of it takes place at Christmas), and great if you want to smile.
