From time to time, you come across a film that defines your values ​​and shows you the true depth of human emotions leaving you drained. Is that really Vivah ?? maybe more. After seeing DDLJ, Saajan and Lamhey, I really thought that Bollywood has reached its peak and will never be able to invent something like this - NEVER. Boy was I wrong! I went to the store to buy some groceries and decided to choose this movie together with the new "DON" (just so I can compare The Great AB with ShahRukh ?? though the decision is already made in my mind). After discussing whether I should have wasted almost 3 hours on a nonsensical film, I decided to watch it realizing that I had nothing else to do. When I saw U's rating instead of an A, I was happy that at least it was something I didn't have to look at poorly dressed women with bad acting skills, just making them dance to every opportunity they get and making out with every guy to show having more capacity in bed than a Hollywood B actress. For the first 5 minutes or so I thought I would again be subject to a meaningless story with bad acting. After all, everyone who has seen Shahid Kapor knows that he has never earned his reputation as an established actor. Boy ?? I was wrong about this movie. This film caught my interest after the first 5 minutes and I would never have let it go. It was a great film with a good plot about the endangered traditions of our society. I liked not only that the director was brave enough to make a film in which the younger generation could not refer to the concept (of the arranged marriage), but also that he did it with a conviction (which is the right thing to do ). I have no idea why some people think acting wasn't good. I felt that acting was fantastic and even though the soundtrack could not be considered the best ever, it was still very good. The good thing is that this music will grow on people with time as it did with me after I watched that movie a second time. The other good thing is that the songs are not included in the script as we have seen in so many movies. These songs actually tell a big part of the story and are definitely a welcome addition. Just as Ajay Devgan switched from joke to a great actor (after Company), and Salman found his groove after "Hum Aapkey Hain Kaun"; this film will help Shahid Kappor to become one of Bollywood's best actors and entertainers. This is his first film in which I like and his role. He played well and adapted to be the handsome young handsome guy with good looks. Yes, you won't find him playing basketball and scoring every point of a dunk like you saw ShahRukh in DDLJ (although he was shown to be an Indian in England, both countries not very important for basketball), he comes across as very credible a person who is true to his values. Amrita Rao, for the first time, saw herself as someone to remember. In all his other films he was competing with big faces that actually hindered her. No one knew how good she was until they watched this movie. Some of the scenes in which he must cry especially towards the end really show his knowledge and depth of acting. Although it has been in another film, it is the most memorable in this film. I think this film will and should do wonders for her. Move over Rani ?? there is finally another girl who, if she has a good chance of working with good directors, can take the torch from you. She is beautiful with a great voice and has a face that exudes complete innocence. Even having almost 0% body fat doesn't hurt (yes, people who challenge you will also find 0.1% fat on her and, unlike many others like Sonali, she can really act too). I thought that I would never fall in love with anyone's beauty after Madhuri and the beginning of Kajol, but she completely changed things. Shahid and Amrita worked very well together and their relationship adapted their characters and they both did a great job (although I was waiting for Shahid to turn into a girl like Salman every time he pronounced "Hum aapkey Hain Kaun") . When I finished watching this movie, it left me so emotionally drained that I decided to watch this movie again (right away). Yes, immediately. I never did it. Not even with DDLJ, but this film only had something that needed to be understood again and again. I'll probably watch this movie a third time over the weekend just to see and relive the traditions we've grown up with. I miss those moments when families sat down and enjoyed themselves. When parents had time for their children and where children respected what their parents believed. I know that many people think that the film does not represent real life but basically we don't want that to happen. Families, your tradition, love and respect. This is what this film will remind us of all of us. I can assure you that it is an extremely well made film that you will like. I'm sure some young people won't like this movie, but if you're over 28, I doubt you'll be one of them.
