An absolutely brilliant film! Jiri Trnka, the master of puppet animation, faces totalitarianism in this film, his final film. He would have been banned by the Czechoslovakian communist government (at the time), despite having received the highest animation prize in the country. <br /> <br /> In this dark and fun short film, an artist attempts to create a new dish for his favorite plant. He happily makes his creations while he dreams that his plant will become a beautiful rose. All of a sudden, here he knocks on the door, and this giant omnipotent hand arrives, trying to force the artist to make statues in his likeness. The artist resists as best he can, but in the end he becomes overwhelmed by constant attempts, by hand, to force him to conform. Become a brainwashing; an intellectual zombie. At this point the hand attaches the strings to the artist, puts it in a cage and uses it to create statues by hand. All the while glorifying the artist's work and rewarding him with medals and honors. <br /> <br /> The inner lust of the artist to be able to express himself freely is what helps him prevail over his indoctrination and allows him to escape from his prison, whether it be literal or in his mind, and return to his home where he must now live in constant fear of the wrath of the almighty hand. He closes himself in, thinking he is out of the reach of the almighty hand, but in the process he puts the plant and the vase up high, hoping it is out of reach, and ends up falling on his head, killing him. The artist is inevitably destroyed by his own creation. All because of the constant fear with which he had to live together once he escaped the strings of his hand. Once dead, the hand depicts the artist as a great person, a national hero. Unfortunately not in the circumstances or for the reasons why the artist would like to be remembered. <br /> <br /> Trnka's condemnation to the totalitarian society, and their lack of the right to freedom of expression is obscure, overwhelming and incredibly animated. No wonder the government has banned it because this is the kind of media that people admire and maybe even listen to. Obviously it was not acceptable. A surprising example of civil disobedience of artists and the impact they can have. It is still quite relevant today for many parts of the world, from the United States to the Middle East. Absolutely to be seen and definitive 10 out of 10! Talk about going out with a bang!
