At first I didn't like the cause of the film because it was a drama of the Nazi swastika. But after buying it and seeing it, it wasn't so bad. I heard so many complaints that the numbers were short and Ilse Werner did not sing. Now I understand. The radio program was a super propaganda radio program. Ilse, Johanne and Zara plus Rudy Shruki and the band like Kurt Widman and his former orchestra and Fud Cantics never appeared on the radio show because the singers and bands were pop jazz and swing categories. Club Foot had regulated the one for touring the occupied areas for soldiers to shortwave soldiers' radios also in night clubs and hotels, in Berlin and Hamburg, and only for record sales. This is why Ilse was not allowed to sing in this photo. This would be the medium-budget musical, Were making music, 1942, in which she would have shown her whistle. But this is an excellent example of propaganda. Inge and her aunt Eichhorn, played by Ida Wust, go to the 1936 Olympics. Aunt forgets her tickets so Inge has to wait for her aunt to come back with tickets. Meet Carle Radditz, who plays Herbert, who has an extra ticket. She goes with him and it's love at first sight. they are planning to get married but the war in Spain is intruding and therefore has to carry out an assignment against the right side. Carring Raddatz like so many people complained for him was really nice and not trivial. When he did Opfergang and put a mustache on him plus his tan which made it obvious. You see Nazi soldiers behaving normally, like a scene in which a former butcher and his troops are in France and steal the pigs from a farm and are about to prepare lunch until their leader suggests saving the pigs. This reflects the extremism of the animal rights of Adolphs. The character was a butcher now a soldier. This was a subtle way to suppress meat consumption. During the Second World War, Herbert is flying on a German plane. We shoot one of the pilots so Herbert takes over. We shoot his plane. They crash. Unfortunately for us they survive. Another, as the Nazi soldiers enter a Catholic church bomb, is now putting the Catholics down, and Hubert's best friend, Helmet, played by Joachim Brennecke, starts playing the organ, Beethtoven. More bombs come from us. The church is a bomb the more the soldier remains and plays the organ he is told to leave. We end up hurting him. Propaganda message? The organ of the Catholic Church made him dependent on it. He hurt him. To see? At this point Inge is with her or her mother or grandmother, she played Hedwig Bleibteu, the same German actress of Grandame who played Maria Holst's aunt in Weiner Blut. Well, afterwards, he arrives at the brief radio program. This was not meant to be a music magazine, like the one released by Kora Terry who in the same year was also As Rosen in Tirol, The music as well as their part of the war had to be just the back drop. It was mainly a romantic war movie. It is easy to give that soldier a header in the film, but in real life many of those soldiers have been forced to fight the Nazi cause, the cause of the work and the monthly pay they would have received. After the war many of them who would survive would regret it. This is a good swastika classic. The only problem is that today you have neo-Nazi and Nazi skin-heads, who have watched the same films to reflect their Hitlerian worship and theirs. They have disturbing websites that take advantage of these movie classics to raise funds for their madness. Be careful most of the time is direct hatred only the classics. If their scenario seems to glorify him, then his Nazi website skips it. Go to IHF or German war movies dot com, Amazon dot Dee or German dot net video. They are legitimate. 01/23/10 A mistake was not made by Herbert's friend who was killed in the church. He was the friend of the character of Malte Yager Schartzscop.
