Anton Newcombe and Courtney Taylor are friends, both are the protagonists in their respective bands; Anton with The Brian Jonestown Massacre and Courtney with The Dandy Warhols. The interesting thing about their friendship is that they are rivals; it is a relationship of hatred of love. Sometimes you hear them both praising each other, but the second later they complain about how stupid and self-absorbed they are. While Dandy Warhol achieved commercial success, BJM was still stuck in the underground scene; and for good reason why. <br /> <br /> The goal of Dig! it's more towards Anton and the BJM, as they have much more substance. They are the most dysfunctional band. During the concerts they will fight and fight each other. Anton will hit other members if he thinks they are not functioning properly. With the amount of drugs an alcohol consuming, the fight was always waiting to happen. You know how people go about car races just to see if a huge car accident happens; that's why people would go to their concerts, for the fights. <br /> <br /> Anton is very unstable. Always thinking of being a musical messiah, he wants to change music and create a revolution, but he could never get out of the ground. He's a very talented musician, it's amazing how many instruments he can play and with so much skill. But his retirement is that he cannot escape the world he created; a prolific musician stuck in a black hole of drugs, alcohol and depression. On the other hand, the Dandy Warhols had their problems. They didn't find much success with their first album and they were constantly fighting with their record label. But they have found enormous success in Europe. But Courtney continues to be sucked into Anton's world. Interestingly, both Anton and Courtney both had what the other needed. Courtney always wanted to be musically talented like Anton, even though Anton didn't say it, he needed the commercial success of the Dandy, to make his revolution. <br /> <br /> Over the seven years the film crew has followed these two bands, there is a lot of footage. There is never a dull moment in Dig! He moves constantly, not having time to slow down, as he has a lot to say, seven years of history told in 1h 45min is hard work. Ondi Timoner did a great job putting together one of the best musical documentaries that always makes you want more. Even if you don't like bands that still deserve viewing; it transcends music to reveal a great story of a failed failure. <br /> <br /> You will not be disappointed.
