Excellent documentary, apparently about friendship and the subsequent rivalry between two West Coast rock'n'roll bands: The Dandy Warhols and Brian Jonestown Massacre. What actually turns out to be a portrait of a borderline psychopath - Anton Newcomb - and his relationship tortured with the rest of the world. It is interesting to note that, for a musical documentary, there is almost no music. What there is - fragments of songs, most often aborted by artists - is incidental rather than central. Although the protagonists are musicians, the story is not about music, but rather a particularly American version of a British myth of a cartoon-like lifestyle, that is, one in which no one has to take responsibility for behaving like teenagers spoiled in time full. Capriccios, drugs, violence, grossly dysfunctional attitudes, egomania on a truly epic scale - all this is excused or positively encouraged because it conforms to a collective idea of ​​what rock'n'roll is. As a film, this is a first class documentary, but it raises more questions than it answers. For example, why is Anton's music so conservative? For someone so wild and outrageous (and he is wild and outrageous) his music never seems to have progressed beyond the most obvious derivations of his idols of the 1960s (The Stones, Velvets etc.). For someone who claims to be able to play 80 instruments, he has never bothered learning to play any of them beyond the most rudimentary level. Likewise, Dandy Warhols' ambition is based on a rock'n'roll vision that is surprisingly fossilized in 1969. Nothing wrong with pastiches, of course, but surely there is more to the musical life than acting for always a cartoon from the late 1960s. Why don't they take risks with their music - in the way their role models did? Because, one suspect, it's not about music. Music is just an accessory, a support or an excuse to lead completely dysfunctional and irresponsible lives. But why? In the case of Dandy Warhols, the answer is obvious: make a lot of money and be famous. Big deal. The case of Anton Newcomb is more interesting. He is obviously very talented, but whenever he is given the opportunity to reach a wider audience, he sabotages it, usually in the most dramatic way possible. He is terrified of success and, at the same time, deeply resents anyone else, especially his former friends Dandy Warhols. Fascinating film Highly recommended.
