A documentary about two rock bands, covering a certain number of years. Brian Jonestown Massacre and Dandy Warhols. What makes it special is the examination of the complex contrasting personalities and the ironies of success and failure. <br /> <br /> Anton Newcombe, the main man of Brian Jonestown Massacre, is widely recognized as a musical genius not only by his colleagues, his friends and rivals Dandy Warhols, but also the record producers and most of the people who worked with him. Unfortunately he and his band members are also unable to integrate with the real world. Newcombe picks up fights with band members on stage or with members of the audience (he is arrested at one point for literally kicking a fan in the head). Newcombe knows no limits ?? he plays between 40 and 100 different instruments, writes and produces all the music of BJM, can produce enough songs to fill an entire album in a single day, has a prophetic obsession with his musical genius, but is also a drug user. heavy, flies in anger with the least compromise of his artistic integrity, orders his band members as if they were inferior life forms and can do business as quickly as he does them. BJM goes through a large number of record labels in rapid succession ?? they sign them as soon as they realize Newcombe's talents and let them go as soon as they realize that it is totally uncontrollable. <br /> <br /> Do the Warhols recognize their debt to Newcombe's creativity and don't even put themselves in the same exalted sphere of grandeur ?? but do the Warhols have something that BJM doesn't have? the ability to integrate their talents with common sense, the real world and their market? like a mix of talent (even if much of it is distilled by the guru Newcombe) and accessibility, they are the very definition of "cool". To dig! follows the parallel careers of the two bands with increasing intensity. At one point, Newcombe brings out acrobatics designed to generate publicity by sending apparent threats of death and hate messages to the Warhols (in a box containing real ammunition and insults like a bar of soap "to clean up their act") ?? he alone forgets to tell them that he is a stunt and they become so paranoid that they make a restraining order against Newcombe. When Dandy Warhols take off in Europe with hits like "Every Day Should Be A Holiday" and "Bohemian Like You", Newcombe is becoming increasingly isolated. Are the BJMs stopped and the band breaks when they are arrested for marijuana possession ?? the Warhols are pecked for the drug around the same time, released with a warning and even allowed to keep the herb. <br /> <br /> DiG's broader appeal! is that the lessons of genius versus accessibility go well beyond the two bands or even rock music. The downside is that it is still a documentary, however intimate, and is aimed largely at dedicated movie fans or people who are already interested in the music of one or both bands. Newcombe could very well be a largely unrecognized genius, and in the film there are fake visions of this, but for the unattached ear there is little more than the statements of the people interviewed to attest to this. In the words of one of the band members: "In every spiritual tradition, you burn in hell to pretend to be God and not be able to support it". Newcombe is not pretending ?? but numerically there are perhaps still insufficient people to appreciate it in his life, and DiG! has an uphill struggle to rectify the balance in favor of a tortured but largely unrecognized genius.
