I saw this movie with my complete family of Nove. Since my younger brother recently married, we have managed to connect with the future. The film stands out for the classic touch given to the romance of the engaged couple. Fortunately, this time all Indian places like Ranikhet Almora etc were used, which have already been visited by most city dwellers, adding the connection to the film. The dialogues are much better than those of "Umrao Jaan Ada" - a film based on dialogue apparently based on dialogue. The background music is increasing the "soft focus" of the film. In some ways it reminds me of the "Kareeb" by VV Chopra, in which neha and to some extent Bobby did full justice to the character. The same here, as the driving couple does not disappoint in any aspect or aspect of the department. The supporting cast is too good. I consider the actress playing the role of Bhabhi in the front row. The situations of family interactions portrayed are real and you smile when you find yourself in the place of one of the characters. The songs were too suited to the scenes and went well with the film. However, although I respect Ravindra Jain for her work from cinema to the Ramayana, I missed Ram Laxman very much. <br /> <br /> He had no double meanings (Sivan category), no bikinis, no intrigues and no nonsense. You will comfortably watch the movie with your parents, unless you are already or will soon be engaged. I want to express sincerely that although Suraj proposes that marriages are between families and not just individuals, his approach is totally individualistic. The film is only about Prem & Poonam, the rest of the characters are secondary. Art that immmers life? The "peripheral characters" are consigned to the background and the only protagonists are the main couple. <br /> <br /> Returning, everything was almost perfect. Except for the dramatic part. The situation of the tragedy has been artificially created. The outcome, the sacrifice and the consequent change of heart are not at all convincing. This is why the emotional punch is missing, the very purpose of this turn of events. But a turning point in the story was necessary to transcend the film from a beautiful pre-marital video to an "animated film". But I kept waiting for the punch and it never arrived. The preaching of Mohnish Bahal and then of Alok Nath on the dowry was out of place and made things too exaggerated. It could be this will help the film be a tax-free state. But the plot could have been made more interesting and non-linear than it was. <br /> <br /> There were too many questions in my mind at the end of the film: 1 Is the movie really finished? 2 Is the film finished?
