<br /> <br /> I'm sure things didn't go exactly the same way in Homer Hickam's real life as they did in the film adaptation of his book, Rocket Boys, but in the movie "October Sky" (an anagram of the title of the book) is good enough to be alone. I haven't read Hickam's memoirs, but I'm still able to appreciate and understand their film adaptation. The film, directed by Joe Johnston and written by Lewis Colick, records the story of teenager Homer Hickam (Jake Gyllenhaal), which begins in October 1957. It opens with the sound of a radio broadcast, bringing news from the Russian satellite Sputnik, the first artificial satellite in orbit. We see the images of a gray-blue city and its people: mostly miners working for the Olga Coal Company. One of the miners hears the news on a portable radio as he enters the elevator shaft, but the signal is lost as he disappears into the darkness, losing sight of the starry sky above him. A melancholy violin melody fades into this image. We then have a jolt of Elvis on a car radio as the words on the screen inform us of the context: October 5, 1957, Coalwood, West Virginia. Homer and his friends, Roy Lee Cook (William Lee Scott) and Sherman O'Dell (Chad Lindberg), talk about football trials. Scholarships for football are the only way to get out of the city and work in the mines for these kids. "Because athletes are the only ones who can go to college," asks Homer. Roy Lee replies: "They are also the only ones to get girls". Homer does not do it in football as his older brother, so he is destined for the mines and follows in his father's footsteps as a foreman. Until he sees the point of light creeping into the October sky. So he wants to build a rocket. "I want to go into space," says Homer. After a disastrous attempt to involve a primitive rocket and his mother's fence (Natalie Canerday), Homer enlists the help of the nerd Quentin Wilson (Chris Owen). Quentin asks Homer, "What do you want to know about rockets?" Homer fasts quickly, "Everything". Her science teacher at Big Creek High School, Miss Frieda Riley (Laura Dern) is enormously supportive of Homer, and the four boys work on building rockets in Homer's basement. His father, however, whose life is mine, does not support him. John Hickam (Chris Cooper) believes that Homer shouldn't waste his time on rockets, that coal mines are all that matters. Coal from the mines is used to make steel and, without steel, the country would be nothing. The difficult relationship between Homer and his father is one of the most touching relationships I've ever seen in a movie. Miss Riley introduces Homer to the idea of ​​entering the local science fair, with the possibility of going to the national team and winning a university scholarship. "You can't just dream of getting out of Coalwood," he tells Homer. Homer and his friends act on their dreams by constantly working on rockets, improving the models with each attempt. Despite numerous attempts, the boys do not lose their determination. "What are the chances of winning that science fair," O'Dell asks Homer in one of their most desperate moments. "One million to one," Homer replies. "Well?" O'Dell replies, "Well, why didn't you say so?" The music, composed by Mark Isham, conveys sadness and hope at the same time, particularly sad at a time when Homer descends into the pit of the mine and loses sight of the sky and his dreams of leaving Coalwood. Rollicking the rock and roll of the 50s, including the songs of The Coasters and Buddy Holly, sometimes pushes instrumental pieces aside to create a light mood that contrasts the lives of kids with the life of miners. The film, photographed by Fred Murphy, also uses colors to create moods and symbolize. The city of Coalwood, actually filmed in Tennessee, is flooded with blue, gray and brown. It is as if the filth of coal clings to everything: faces, clothes, houses and roads. When a couple in a sparkling red convertible stops to ask the kids for directions, it's obvious they come from the world outside of Coalwood and the Olga Coal Company. The book on guided missile design that Miss Riley gives Homer is red. Red stands out enough against the gray-blue world of Coalwood to symbolize "going out", but it's still thin. Reds are fleeting hints of a world that Homer only dreams of. Jake Gyllenhaal expresses the zeal, hope and pertinacity of Homer Hickam that it is difficult to believe that he is not the real Homer we see in the movie at the end of the film. Chris Cooper is also extraordinarily credible as Homer's stubborn father, who does not recognize, or simply does not want to admit, that the mine does not produce enough to keep the city alive. Homer and all those who encourage him in his missile building are aware that the city is dying. With the community disintegrating, the only way to get together is to get together for rocket boy demonstrations. Again, I'm sure things didn't go exactly how the film portrayed them, but what would a film be without some idealism? "October Sky" has just enough to make it a great movie and crudely enough to keep it real.
