October Sky is a very popular film, and it's easy to see why. The story is easy to understand and many turning points are compelling, actors and actresses do a pretty good job, especially Jake Gyllenhaal and Chris Cooper, the hero finally gets what he wants, and it's a true story. Frankly, I think the director's creation is not comparable to the sparks and heat generated by the original story. We see no special narrative or cinematography; the power of the film depends a lot on the compelling storyline and the difficult situation that the young hero is trapped in the fact that most of the audience will find themselves identifying with the characters. We feel Homer's desire to earn his father's recognition and create his future, and his resilience wins our respect. ¡§October Sky reminds me of a 2001 Japanese production of "Rocket Boy" mini-series, which could be inspired by this film. In reality these two works taken from two different cultures offer an interesting comparison. When October Sky tells the story of a young man shouting out loud to claim his right to his destiny, "Rocket Boy" offers a more compromised description that can sometimes be an acidic criticism of modern society. Played by the extraordinary actor Yuji Oda, "Rocket Boy", focuses on three men as ordinary as possible: a travel agent who has the dream of becoming an astronaut, a boastful publicist who is about to be torn to pieces by his The inferiority complex is the result of the extreme success of his father and older brother (like the one Homer experiences in his family) and of an employee of the food company who is about to get married but scared by this idea. The collected social conscience overlaps its definition of success with its constituents and moves forward to force them to stifle their dreams by claiming that they are "impossible". "To compensate for his lost ideal, Kobayashi (Yuji) works in the tour operator because he is called ¡§Galaxy.¡¨ When his client fails and his girlfriend decides to leave him, he finally finds the strength from his father's words , who decided to be a sailor, but later found life on the sea less attractive as he had assumed.¡ § but I don't regret it, his father told Kobayashi, at least if I tried, it's his father's confession that encourages to resign from work and apply for astronauts, despite the fact that it hurts the legs and needs to move in a wheelchair. Kobayashi's effort eventually fails and he returns to the travel agency, but his courage is that to inspire his friends and everyone love him more. Just before the end of the series, Kobayashi is at work as a space camp guide who will teach children more about astronauts, and after the tour is over we see him leaning on a tree , unfolding a sheet of poster that rips from the bulletin board that reads: ¡§Istronauts wanted for 2004. "Kobayashi looks at the piece of paper and laughs and laughs, just like a child looks at his ticket to Disneyland. Kobayashi may never get what he wants, but he dares his destiny and does it "right". This series is so compelling not because the hero exhibits heroic deeds, but his ordinariness and the unstoppable urge to realize his dream that make us wonder and envy Unlike Dilbert or other sarcastic writings, this show enlightens us and there teaches something. Homer and Kobayashi both have the dream and do what they can, despite the opinions of others. I recommend other IMDB users to watch the Japanese TV series. If you are a nine-to-five, you will feel more touched. I'm sorry that IMDB doesn't have its data, maybe you can ask someone from Japan to help you.
