Based on the fact, this is the story of a teenager named Homer Hickam (Jake Gyllenhaal), who grew up in a coal town in West Virginia where a boy's usual destiny was to "end up in the mines". But Homer had his eyes on the sky and love for flying rockets, to the dismay of the miner-master builder father and to the consternation of the city's inhabitants in general. A misfit for sure, he and three of his equally marginalized friends begin to manufacture missiles, which fly from a barren land area eight miles from the city, so they no longer frighten the community with their often incorrect rockets. Unfortunately, most of the city and especially Homer's father (Chris Cooper) think they are wasting their time. However, people remain intrigued and will soon start coming in droves to see the "Rocketboys" send their homemade missiles. Only one teacher (Laura Dern) in high school understands their efforts and lets them know that they could become contenders in the national science fair with university scholarships as a prize. Now the gang has to learn to perfect their craft and overcome the many problems they face while shooting at the stars. Director Joe Johnston has always been a famous name for his films like Jumanji and Jurassic Park 3 and "October Sky" surely stands above all his other films. "October Sky" is undoubtedly his best effort and obviously his best film. It is not only a true story shot very well, but also as a film, it has everything that is needed for a high-level cinema. And along with Johnston's extra-ordinary management, there are some exceptional performances. Jake Gyllenhaal was about 19 years old when this film was released and gives a beautiful and natural performance. He is a perfect actor. Chris Cooper as his father, also gives a very nice performance. The same goes for Laura Dern and she looks beautiful too. The rest of the performances are also extremely good. The background score was fine. Film of great inspiration, which lifts your spirit to the top. One of those films that definitely inspires you for a lifetime. A film of great inspiration and a lot of fun. Not to be missed.
