A simple and effective film about what life is all about, responding to challenges. Homer and his friends needed a lot of courage to become an adult without falling into the trap of a prefabricated future that goes from father to son, to be a miner in the local mine and to never get out of that destiny. It also took three different challenges for Homer and his friends to win a personal and free future. The challenge of the first man-made artificial satellite, Sputnik 1, a Soviet satellite, a milestone in human history, a turning point that Homer and his friends could not miss, did not want to miss. Then the challenge of science and applied mechanics to calculate and invent a rocket from scratch or better from what they could collect in books and in order in their mind. Finally the challenge of a world that resists and refuses and tries to force you to return to the pack, even with a premature accident that forces you to return to the pack for pure survival, and even then Homer has shown that he has the courage to accept the challenge that was blocking his plans and dreams for a while. But there is another aspect of the story that the film does not emphasize enough. Homer is the bearer of the project but he is also the bearer of the inspiration he and his friends need. If he gets the university scholarship, because his friends have given him precedence, his friends will also be able to get on their own roads and tracks and get out of the mining destiny, thanks to the energy of his inspirational example. puts them in front of their eyes. Sometimes it is difficult not to follow the example of someone who is like a lighthouse on a difficult road. But the film is also effective to show how the father resisted this dream because for him science was not the fabric of a real man, like mining or football. The fate of the working class that was so present in the 50s and 60s and which is still present in some areas is too often applied by the traditional thought of the father. If the mother does not have the courage to speak one day, the fate of the working class I am talking about becomes a tremendous trap. Here too the film is effective and should make some parents think. This could have been the fourth challenge that Homer had to face: the challenge of following a path that was not the one aimed and programmed by his father. <br /> <br /> Dr. Jacques COULARDEAU, University Paris Dauphine & University Paris 1 Pantheon Sorbonne
