I had lost faith in Sooraj R. Barjatya after the film Main Prem Ki Deewani hoon, then a year ago I saw Vivah's promos that looked good. But I didn't want to waste my hard earned money looking at the movies. When the film first came out on DVD, I rented it and watched it and loved the movie and resumed my words for Sooraj. I just finished watching it yesterday again and this time I thought I'd have to review this movie. Sooraj R. Barjatya: I'm right, this time, I wasn't a big fan of Hum App Ke Hai Kaun. But I've always loved Manie Pyar kiya, after Manie Pyar kiya I think Vivah is Barjatyas's best work. I almost never cry in a movie, but this film made me want to cry. If you have ever been in love before then there will be many moments that will touch you in this film, the film is too sweet and you will fall in love with it, my point of view is a very underrated film. <br /> <The story of this film could be called very ancient times, but to me it seemed modern because the two couples who are organizing a wedding are aware that it is an old tradition. It's done in current times, many people don't believe in this marriage, but I do. The journey between commitment and marriage will always be special and this film clearly shows it. When Prem meets Poonam for the first time, they show him how he is and this is reality and my parents say that this is how they got married and showed him in such a real way so people like Premon and Poonam meet in this movie it is like most marriages. It was very sweet, you feel nervous and excited, the song "Do Ajnabe" proves it very well. Returning to the story, yes, it's a journey you'll soon be attacking between Prem and Poonam (Shahid Kapoor and Amrita Rao) and their families. In this film there is a breakthrough that is really good, the last 30 minutes that everyone will reach for the tissue box. <br /> <br /> What makes this film so extraordinary is the chemistry between Prem and Poonam, how they fall in love with each other is too sweet. Simple boy and simple girl, when they meet for the first time during and after the song "Do Anjane Ajnabe" It is very sweet to watch, barely says something and Prem does all the talk of being honest with her about her past and girl he liked and he smoking. Then he leads them all on a family outing and then it's time for them to fall in love with each other. It just makes you want to look at the couple and watch all the sweet moments they have. Another factor is that Poonam Chichi is really bad with her and you feel sorry for Poonam because she was treated badly and makes you want to see her happy and when she finally finds happiness, you too start feeling happy with her, the movie makes you basically fall in love with Poonam more than just Prem. When it finds happiness through Prem, you want it to remain happy and you also experience that nothing goes wrong because the character is shown as a sweet and simple girl. Which brings me to the shows and to Amrita Roa since Poonam is incredible in the film, her best work to date you fall in love with this innocent character and root it to find happiness. Even Shahid Kapoor as Prem is fantastic, it's Poonam's support in the film, it's his happiness in the film, together they share an extraordinary chemistry and I've never seen a prettier couple since SRK and Kajol. If Ishq Vishk has not touched you to tell you how cute they are, this surely will. "Mujhe Haq you have" the song and before that the chemistry they show is incredible. The scenes that touched me were when Prem brings Poonam into her room and shows her where they will stay and he opens it and they have a moment between them that is too sweet. Also in this case, if you have ever been in love with someone, you can capture these scenes in a provocative way. The film is the sweetest thing you'll ever see. <br /> <br /> The direction is apt, for me a good movie is basically something that can pull me in and stop believing for these hours what you see here is false and there is a camera that stores them. For me this film involved me and for those three hours I really felt connected to the film. The songs that you will really like only when you saw the movie, since they are songs inserted in the situation after watching the movie, I played the songs non-stop! The music is amazing, the story is simply incredible. What more can I ask for? <br /> <br /> What can I finally say, we rarely have a movie that makes us feel good, this movie after you've seen it will make you feel really good and make you want to be a better person. It's basically the sweetest trip ever, basically showing you their journey between engagement and marriage and many people say it's the best part of your life? Well, does this movie actually show how people say it? Because people actually say that the journey is simply fantastic! Watch this movie and you'll find out why the journey is fantastic!
