Looking at the ads for this film, I was pretty convinced that I would have hated it. First, it was one of those films "loosely based on the novel," which usually means that the author of the book saw the script, hated it and refused to be associated with the film. Worse, the trailer showed only the most trivial slapstick imaginable (ex: the child is splashed in the face with a garden hose ... and falls). So when my little brother got it in his head that this was the "unmissable" movie of the season (obviously, he thought the same thing about "Cars", "Over the Hedge", "The Ant Bully", "Monster" House ", etc. Etc.), I was certainly less than electrified. <br /> <br /> But once in the theater, the film won me over for a number of reasons: first, the writers capture the" dialogue of children " better than any other kid's movie I've ever seen. A first example of this comes directly after the boys' boss accidentally eats a worm stuck in an egg omelette.The boys make a lame, exaggerated impression of the main lessons that they they take into consideration, which makes it realistic since all the kids think (wrongly) that they make great mocking expressions of their adult tormentors, then one of the boys asks: "Why did he say, 'alley oop'?" "Maybe he's crazy!" And the whole crane ppo laughs loudly. Not an overly witty replica, but exactly the kind of thing a kid would come up with at the time and exactly the kind of comment other kids his age would find hilarious. As if to confirm it, my younger brother laughed at the right time when they were pronounced on the screen; I could practically hear his voice making the same jokes if he was put in a similar situation. <br /> <br /> Another reason the film works is that writers are able to work on issues like bullying, sibling relationships, the new kid at school, and peer pressure / compliance without making anyone seem to they seem to be undercut for some special after school. For example, the bully (Joe) is not stereotyped; he is definitely bad, but not pure, and just enough of his domestic life is revealed that the public feels sympathy for him and understands his origins of bullying. There is not even a moment of "inspiration for dramatic music" in which Billy ("Worm Boy") realizes what is a complete instrument for his younger brother Woody, yet, at the end of the film, it was made some small changes. There is a certain realism here in the way the characters solve situations and how they relate to each other, and very little of it appears trivial. <br /> <br /> The only flaw in the film comes in the form of an absolutely ridiculous dance scene that even the creators of the infamous McDonald's dance party in "Mac and Me" would scoff. Why oh, why was he put in the movie ?? Did Austin Rogers (Adam) shoot a Macaulay Culkin and refused to play the role unless he was given a vehicle to show off his extraordinary dancing skills? The entire sequence definitely didn't need to be there and had a slightly lower comic value than any given show on "The History Channel". <br /> <br /> Overall, however, this film was excellent, and the length (about an hour and twenty minutes) was almost perfect. One of the best and most realistic live action movie movies you'll ever see if you're around children or just actually remember what a child would have been like.
