I've never seen a movie like this before. I was on the edge of my seat and constantly laughed throughout the film. I never thought there was such awful acting, it was all too much fun. The story behind the film is decent, but the scenes in the film fail to portray them. I've never seen such a stupid movie in my life which is why I think it's worth watching. I give this 10 out of 10 movie to be the most pathetic movie ever created, this film seems to have been created exclusively to become junk. I mean, the scenes look so fake and the actors act like "the camera is in front of them". You will get a kick just watching how lame this movie is, my friend and I couldn't stop making jokes during the movie, the darthvader trying to convince the girl to escape not once, but twice and the second time it was invested it looked like he said sh! # even if he doesn't speak English lol. If you watch this movie you will think that all those other films you didn't like gave you for granted that they were much better than that. This film should be seen out of curiosity and for what kind of DEFINES lame film. The evil snake met the girl so many times that it was ridiculous, the evil serpent roared and roared and let it go away every time. The evil snake had so many possibilities that it was as if God was trying to say hurry up and eat the girl how many miracles you want. Does the transition between scenes leave you in doubt of having lost something? So many holes in the plot from one scene to another. I was laughing like crazy when they decided to "Escape to Mexico" to get away from the snake. Hmmmm jumping over the border will you save yourself from a snake from Korea? interesting ... very interesting .... I guess skipping the border solves all the problems. Another scene that completely amazed me .. they met for the first time and they had a romantic scene on the beach that they kissed and didn't even know each other ... the scene was so cliché and the substance was not at least in the other films may seem logical in the meantime, but I mean that they are ALWAYS MORE even if they are reincarnations, the feelings were as if they loved each other instantly instead of developing. However, this film deserves to be looked at for the sake of opening your eyes and seeing the light. Bad Hollywood movies will look like heaven compared to this. In the end, it's worth watching, you won't get bored, you'll be busy criticizing every moment, every scene in your head.
