"Hollywood Hotel" has relationships with many movies like "Ella Cinders" and "Merton of the Movies" on someone who wins a competition including a contract to shoot movies in Hollywood, only to find the way to celebrity or paved by pitfalls Or non-existent. In fact, while I was watching him tonight, on Turner Classic Movies, I was considering whether the authors of the next musical "Singing In The Rain" had taken some of their ideas from "Hollywood Hotel", in particular a star of a movie star and a conclusion which concerns a person who sings a movie soundtrack while another person has taken the credit with the mouth on the screen. <br /> <br /> "Hollywood Hotel" is a fascinating example of film making in the 1930s. Among the support players is Louella Parsons, who plays herself (and, despite some negative comments I've seen, she has a very captivating personality on the screen and a natural mastery of her lines). She is not the only real person in the script. Make-up specialist Perc Westmore appears briefly as himself to try to make one character similar to another. <br /> <br /> This film was also one of the first in the career of the young Mr. Ronald Reagan, playing a radio interviewer at a premiere of the film. Reagan actually does quite well in his short scenes - particularly when he realizes that no Dick Powell is about to take control of the microphone when it should be used with more important people. <br /> <br /> Dick Powell won a Hollywood contract in a competition, and is leaving his work as a saxophonist in Benny Goodman's band. The beginning of this film, by the way, is quite impressive, as the band leads a truck parade to give Powell a real goodbye. They end up singing "Hooray For Hollywood". The interesting thing about this wonderful issue is that a lyric has been left out of purpose. Throughout the lyrics of Johnny Mercer there are references to Hollywood like Max Factor, the make-up artist, Rin tin tin and even a pinch of Tarzan. But the text of the original song referred to Tyrone Power. Obviously, Jack Warner and his brothers would not have advertised the protagonist of 20th Century Fox, and the name Donald Duck has been replaced. In any case, the number showed the singers and instrumentalists of Goodman's orchestra at their best. So he did a later section of the five-minute movie, where the band is rehearsing. <br /> <br /> Powell leaves the band and his girlfriend (Frances Langford) and goes to Hollywood, only to find out that he is a contract player (most likely for musicals involving saxophonists). He is welcomed by Allen Joslyn, the studio's publicist (the owner is Grant Mitchell). Joslyn is not a bad guy, but he is busy and tends to strip people unless it is necessary to talk to them. Park Powell in a room at the Hollywood Hotel, which is also where the studio's temperament star (Lola Lane) lives with his father (Hugh Herbert), his sister (Mabel Todd) and his sensible and cynical assistant ( Glenda Farrell). Lane is like Jean Hagen in "Singing In The Rain", except that his spoken voice is good. His version of "Dan Lockwood" is an "Alexander Dupre" (Alan Mowbray, scene that easily steals several times). The only difference is that Mowbray is not a good guy like Gene Kelly, and Lane (when not wrapped in his ego) is fully aware of it. Being able to be ignored for an out-of-the-ordinary role he wanted, he refuses to attend the premiere of his latest film. Joslyn finds a double for her (Lola's real sister, Rosemary Lane), and Rosemary is composed to play the star at the premiere and at the follow-up party. But she attends Powell (Joslyn wants someone who doesn't know the real Lola). This leads to Powell knocking down Mowbray when the latter is infested alone. But otherwise the evening is a success, and when the two are together they start to find themselves attractive. <br /> <br /> Complications involve Lola returning and slapping Powell in the face, after Mowbray complains that he was attacked by Powell ("and his gang of thugs"). Powell's contract is bought. Working with the photographer he transformed agent Ted Healey (actually not too bad in this film - he even tries to make an imitation of Jolson at some point), the two try to find work, ending up as employees in a booth of burger run by Edgar Kennedy in a bad mood (the number of broken plates and customers singing in the restaurant give Edgar plenty of time to taste his slow burns). Eventually Powell gets a "break" by taking himself as Dupre's singing voice in a "Gone With the Wind" scam. This leads to the final section of the film, when Rosemary Lane, Herbert and Healey help give Powell the chance to show it's his voice, not Mowbrays. <br /> <br /> It's a pretty cute and attractive movie even now. The worst aspects are due to the weather. Several jokes about African Americans are no longer tolerable (while trying to photograph Powell as he arrives in Hollywood, Healey accidentally photographs a porter and beckons Joslyn to be careful, Powell photographs too darkly - do you understand the point?). Even a little with Curt Bois as a fashion designer for Lola Lane, which is (we could say) too high is not very tolerable. Herbert's "hoo-hoo" is a little too much (too often) but was very popular in 1937. And an incident in which Healey starts a fight at first (this is one of his last films) reminds the people of the tragic, yet mysterious end of the comic in December 1937. But most of the film is quite good, and will not disappoint the viewer in 2008.
