The film begins with a mentally challenged girl with bright yellow sneakers looking to the sky over a corner of Madrid and enchanted by a passing plane. The film examines the lives of five women ?? Adela, Leire, Maricarmen, Anita and Isabel ?? who have completely different lives and shoe choices. Their shoes are the first superficial, yet they have been fixed with some garish meaning, an indication of their fragile identities. In a theatrically embroidered and embellished way, a podiatrist tries to esoterically reveal the deepest secrets of a woman's souls from the soles of her feet. The premise is risky and slightly artificial, but the tone and depth of the film takes a bold plunge for good. <br /> <br /> What may have been carefree and superficial, quickly changes gear with a superb dysfunctional couple scene that leaves the viewer nailed for a few minutes, seeing love or its lack, pain, confusion , the hope, the needs and the mechanisms of evasion develop through minutes of different rooms in the house and down the street and at the end under ... What a scene (!), But there will be others equally effective to follow and reinforce the strong characterization directed in this slice of life. <br /> <br /> Going forward, one woman lost her husband she loved and inherited her children and her taxi, while another completely lost her husband emotionally, sexually, intellectually, but not physically. A ghost, a pending divorce ?? reproach, regrets and remorse. A new love? Can you love a mirage? Can you love the person in the mirror? Can you love someone you can't love? Or do you think you can't love? Can you love and live life even though it will always be a bit hopeless? And yet aren't these hopes and those dreams that keep us rooted and in a spectrum of relative happiness exactly? Many deep themes emerge and the final act brings together people and ideas to unite in an existential crisis without clear solutions, definitive decisions or effective healings. Perhaps an elusive thought, a fleeting feeling, but a lasting appreciation of life and the artistic and intellectual talent of the film. To live. Reliving. Rewind the reel. It reveals the real, the important; the big stones (piedras) of life. The rest are just details.
