I recently returned and watched this film again for years. When I first saw the film I was too young to understand what the film was about. Now that I've seen it again, I couldn't believe what I've been missing all these years. For me to be able to see movies for what I am, I think this film was great. Most people feel like music is the best part, but I don't think that's true. Most people do not realize how good the story is because it is judged by acting. The truth is that nobody in the film was really trying to behave rather than just himself. The whole main cast was just playing himself. They weren't trying to be someone else, but themselves. <br /> <br /> I actually observed and analyzed the work and efforts made in the film. Now, from my point of view, the situations shown in the film are practically based on what actually happened musically in Minneapolis at that time and most of the things that happen are actually real events that happened in Prince's career and that can say it better than him The music that came from the city at that time was starting to be recognized and be revolutionary. It was interesting to see how the music was very influential especially in the club "First Avenue & 7th St Entry", where in fact Prince, among other musicians, started his career. It is also known that Prince and Morris Day have always had a competition between them in real life, but it was a friendly competition. They were always friends. So the story basically plays on that aspect of competition of their rivalry rather than on their friendship that shows the real competitive side of what happened at the "First Avenue" club for its time. <br /> <br /> Another reason why this film is beautiful is due to the fact that some of the situations that occur in the film are actually based on events that Prince went through in his life with the musical aspect. personnel. For me, this has made the film more realistic with regards to emotion, because it is telling its pre-superstar trials and tribulations. Furthermore, his dedication to his performances is phenomenal. Prince made sure that every moment of the film was done perfectly. Every time you listen to a song, the film is perfectly synchronized with the situation. <br /> <br /> Prince is a musical genius in everything and has demonstrated this on many occasions. This film is what officially made Prince on the map and has not slowed since then. Anyone who has watched this movie or is still (incredibly) has not yet seen it, when you sit down and watch this movie you have to watch it intelligently or you will lose the whole aspect of the movie. If you really love music, this is definitely the movie to watch. Above what others say, I think it's a great movie to watch and own.
