This is one of the best films to come from Bollywood over the years. Definitely the best this year so far. Indian in the center, panoramic images, pleasant dialogues to the heart and sweet and melodic music make the film exceptional. The appropriate representation of Indianvalues ​​and culture ensures that the viewer is rooted in them and invigorates the mind and spirit with a sense of pride and a new lease on life. <br /> <br /> This film is for viewers to enjoy a call to their imagination and your philosophical senses. If you like watching movies to get excited through action, sex or terror on the screen, then this movie is not for you, because you will find that the film is not full of twists at 90 degrees. It's a simple story for a film that can come. But that's exactly where the art of the film is. You get a real life experience, and the best thing is that this experience is full of values ​​and hope. It is about the positive side of life, the sweet things that God has poured on humans, against regressive films that insist on showing gifts, terrorists and criminals. It is not about things and people that have gone wrong. It's about the goodness that still persists, and that makes the world work. Of course, every kind of film is respectable, but it takes a lot of courage and talent to invent a film that swims against the current and tries to open the public's eyes to hidden realities and truths. <br /> <br /> Having said that, here is more ... <br /> <br /> The film is a couple's journey from engagement to combined marriage - yes, it's true, marriage is an arrangement and the couple know each other only through their parents and learn to love each other. The 6-month gap between engagement and marriage is a long time, not full of "enticing" events, but one that fuels the growing love and devotion of the couple between them. Together they learn the importance of their relationship and this priceless time in their lives and work to strengthen the bonds of marriage. But have they been strengthened enough? Their relationship will face the test not only of time but also of luck. Will they pass this test? This is what "Vivah" talks about.
