Last night I finished reviewing "Jane Eyre" (1983), the BBC miniseries adapted from Charlotte Bronte's gothic novel that is deservedly a classic of English literature with Timothy Dalton (my favorite James Bond) as Mr. Edward Rochester and Zelah Clarke, as Jane Eyre, a poor 18-year-old orphan girl, a housekeeper on Mr. Rochester's estate, Thornfield. "Jane Eyre" has been one of my most beloved books since I was an 11 year old girl and my friend gave it to me with the words "This book is amazing" and so it was and I read it dozens of times and I'm not tired of doing it yet. His wonderful, refined, fragrant and surprisingly fresh language, the dialogues and, above all, two main characters, and the story of their impossible love have attracted many directors. "Jane Eyre" has been adapted many times to TV and the big screen, 18 according to IMDb. Famous and wonderful actors like Joan Fontaine and Orson Welles, William Hurt and Charlotte Gainsbourg, George C. Scott and Susannah York, Ciarán Hinds and Samantha Morton have played the couple who overcame hundreds of obstacles created by society, by laws, by religion , from age differences, backgrounds, experiences and fatal mistakes that would drive one for many years. Of all these films I have only seen a 300-minute BBC version of 1983, which closely follows the novel and where Timothy Dalton, who often plays dark and brooding characters, did not play Edward Rochester brilliantly and classically , was Mr. Rochester - sardonic, vibrant, the force of nature, powerful, passionate, sexy and tormented master of Thornfield. Zelah Clarke was also convincing as a sweet, gentle, intelligent and strong Jane who feels deeply and is full of passion mixed with a clear reasoning and a quiet but determined willpower. <br /> <br /> Added September 17th 2007: During the last two weeks, I have seen five "Jane Eyre" films and it was a wonderful experience. There is something to be admired in every adaptation of "Jane Eyre" even though not everyone has complete success. This version is still my favorite movie of "Jane Eyre".
