Can playing a character from a classic of literature be a bit of a poisoned chalice for an actor, paying for the pleasure of a fleshy character competing with the fantasies of generations of readers ?? not to mention the numerous other actors who first besieged the castle. Fortunately for the fantasists, this version ?? with the beautiful cast Zelah Clarke and Timothy Dalton ?? the head and shoulders stand out above the versions that came later. It is the right length to make history full of justice and makes considerable use of Bronte's fake dialogue; nothing of that modern intrusion, text cutting and adding new and lower scenes. <br /> <br /> The magic of the original story lies in the tensions created between the central characters and the circumstances of life create for them the task of leading. Jane ?? "poor, simple and small" ?? It grows in the charitable charity of a cold aunt, its nature and its independence shaped by a long time in a very hard school. He arrives as a housekeeper in Mr Rochester's house, absolutely without friends and alone. He habitually represses himself out of duty and hard experience, but his passionate nature soon finds his touch of paper in his severe, acutely intelligent and enigmatic master, to whom he is attracted, as he is for her, by forces beyond their control. Rochester is the caged tiger, committed to "floor hell with energy"; potentially dangerous for all those who come into contact with him ?? but "permeable, through a crack or two". His character is extraordinary: he takes extraordinary liberties with a paid subordinate; but then Jane is not an ordinary clerk, as he sees him. But a dark secret, and severe trials, lie before them both. <br /> <br /> Is it a pleasure to hear Bronte's extraordinary dialogue spoken by such good actors ?? The Dalton in particular seems to be formed by passion on a Brontian scale. If you've ever seen it only as a not-so-memorable Bond, you've missed the best thing. Those who commented that his Rochester is too good lose the meaning of these dramas: his character simply has too much screen time for a really ugly man to keep the viewer's attention. Timothy Dalton is right, not always or constantly beautiful, but often amazingly, surprisingly, just as it should be. And Zelah Clarke's Jane is not a crush; transmits the emotions of a woman who habitually represses her sense of humor and her passionately successful nature, allowing her rare explosions to show a more dramatic effect. <br /> <br /> Not long ago, the BBC broadcast an excellent dramatization of Jean Rhys' enlightened and most disturbing response to Bronte, "Sargasso Sea", imagining the background of the first Mrs. Rochester. Do check it out ?? you will never see the "hero" of "Jane Eyre" in the same way again.
