The 1983 BBC production "Jane Eyre" with Zelah Clarke and Timothy Dalton (LOVE HIM) has always been and will always be my favorite Jane Eyre. If you look at another version of Jane Eyre without reading the book, it will be like watching a normal movie that you will forget the next day. But watching this is almost the same as reading the book. I looked at these miniseries a lot when I was little and they inspired me to read the book. At the time I did not pay attention to how close this book was to the TV production. Recently, I saw the 1996 version of Jane Eyre and was very disappointed. It was only 2 hours and didn't have many important scenes from the book (like my favorite gypsy scene). After that I fell in love with this "Jane Eyre" even more because it includes all the important scenes in the book and only tells the whole story (the other versions don't, if you haven't read the book). <br /> <br /> The 1983 cast Jane Eyre is excellent. It is true that Timothy Dalton is a very nice actor (nice enough to play Butler in "Scarlet" and Julius Caesar), but he's as good as Rochester that I can't imagine anyone else playing this role. And Zelah Clarke is, without doubt, the only Jane who follows the description of the book. The other thing that makes this film so exceptional is the actors' clothing and makeup. Jane looks so modest and naive, just as Bronte describes it (although it doesn't look like 18, but is actually paying attention to it? ...) <br /> <br /> Some say this "Jane Eyre" is too long , but I'd rather spend the whole day looking at it than spending 2 hours looking at some other version. Some say the film is boring and boring because Jane is not passionate enough, or because there are not enough "kissing scenes". I hate when they make Jane Eyre a "Hollywood movie" with inappropriate kissing scenes. You don't have to include "crazy, madly in love" scenes to show the love between Jane and Rochester. And both Zelah and Timothy express this love so perfectly that there are no other necessary scenes !! I'm 19 and many girls my age refer to this film as "boring and old-fashioned". But I can only feel sorry for them because they don't appreciate the purity and beauty of it. After all, the novel is set in the 19th century and that old-fashioned look makes it more attractive and more like the book. <br /> <br /> I don't think there will ever be another version of Jane Ayre that will have the popularity and love of this one. No matter who you play Jane and Rochester in other films, the real Jane and Rochester (at least for me) will always be Zelah Clarke and Timothy Dalton!
