I recently saw this production on DVD. It's the first time I've seen it since it was originally broadcast in 1983 and it was just as good as I remembered. At first how he was worried, it would seem old-fashioned and I suppose he is a bit dated and very long-winded like the BBC serials of the time. (I miss those wonderful costumed dramas that always seemed to be then Sunday afternoons) But apart from that it's almost as perfect as it could have been. I'm a bit of a "Jane Eyre" purist because it's my favorite book and I've never seen another production that is true to the book like this. I recently re-read the book and some of the dialogues are correct. Reading the scene towards the end, in which Rochester questions Jane about what St John was, I noticed that their words were exactly reproduced on the screen by Dalton and Clarke and done perfectly. <br /> <br /> All the other productions that have been made seem all lacking in some way, some even exclude the "Rivers" family and their connection with Jane altogether. I also think this is the only production that includes the "Gypsy" scene done correctly. <br /> <br /> The casting is perfect, Zelah Clarke is as if Jane were described in the book "Small Plain and Dark" and I don't agree that she seemed too old. Timothy Dalton may be a little too handsome but he's absolutely perfect as Rochester, interpreting every aspect of his character and reciting his socks! I agree with other comments that sometimes it even looks scary, like in the scene when you slowly turn to church when the wedding is interrupted, its expression is frighteningly fantastic. But then in another favorite scene his joy is wonderful to see when Jane runs down the stairs and into his arms the next morning declaring themselves affectionate for each other. A love that is wonderfully portrayed and totally credible. Oh, to be loved by a man like that! There were a couple of scenes that were strangely missing, like when Jane climbs in bed with the dying Helen and even when Rochester takes Jane to go shopping for her wedding (I thought it was in there but maybe my memory is playing tricks). <br /> <br /> Finally, if you never see another Jane Eyre production - you simply see most of it this is simply perfection!
