My comments for VIVAH: - It's a fascinating and idealistic love story with Shahid Kapoor and Amrita Rao. The film takes us back to small pleasures like the families of the bride and groom sleeping on the floor, playing together, their friendly jokes and mutual respect. Vivah speaks of the sanctity of marriage and the importance of commitment between two individuals. Yes, the central novel is naively displayed. But the romantic moments hidden between the married couple and their stubborn resistance to modern courtship games make you want idealism. The film ends predictably with the wedding and the groom, on the wedding night, tells his new bride who suffers from burns: "Come let me make your dress" <br /> <br /> VIVAH - showcases a lot of good things - beauty of arranged marriage, beauty of Indian culture, beauty of Indian woman, last but not least a beautiful IDEALISM of the future couple waiting to get married .... playing by the rules! Simple but beautiful; Such a simple story ... no storyline ... no villains - like most of Sooraj Barjatya's films. Sooraj gentleman is back to what he does best. He made the film with FULL CONVICTION. It's a very sweet film - that teaches the current generation a lot of good things about Arranged Marriage & the Union of 2 Families. I think that AMRITA RAO - looks very good and acted very well. It has most of the good scenes - though I thought the last half hour was completely up to Shahid Kapur - which offers incredibly subdued performance for a change. I also liked the recitation of all the others for the former. the Choti, Amrita Prakash, Alok Nath, Anupam Kher, brother of Shahid and mother-in-law. It seemed almost real and recognizable as it could. Sooraj gentleman had another nice family film to his credit after Maine Pyar Kiya, HAHK and Hum Saath Saath Hain. The chemistry between Shahid and Amrita is AWESOME. <br /> <br /> Stuff like holiness in a marriage / relationship, avoiding courtship, mutual respect, care and space, waiting to "officially" marry, praying / sacrilege for Ur Amato - all this and more SHOWCASED in Vivah. There is still some good public going and enjoying this movie. Some of the people / audiences are already excited after seeing, that they are thinking about Arranged-Marriage :) This happened if you ask me. looks AMRITA RAO - our actress from Vivah {Result for a nice performance} was awarded the prestigious DADSAHEB PHALKE award for 2006 !! An affectionate greeting to her for this result Chalo, even though Vivah, Shahid or Amrita did not receive any awards for the film and other awards; @ at least this is a novelty for CHEER !! Congratulations to AMRITA RAO- for showing us a robe of the future Indian Bride in the purest form and of course to Sooraj Barjatya for having portrayed her in the best way :) Do not forget Shahid Kapur and all the others who make VIVAH as sweet and legendary as it is today !! Imagine, to share the same pedestal of the legendary Dilip Kumar .......... His is not a goal achieved !! Congratulations to Amrita Rao - for bringing her career to another level with this award .... I personally think - she should continue making films only with Shahid Kapur !! They make a cute couple and their on-screen chemistry reminds me of {SRK-Kajol} or {Aamir Khan & Juhi Chawla} ................. <br /> <br /> Some points I observed, some of the elements: - # 1 If you notice carefully, Amrita Rao looks so good because she always wears traditional clothes. It gives an extra touch to the essence of the Indian woman - in this film !! Perfect Fit # 2 Shahid Kapur is like most of us - not exactly ready for marriage or early marriage ... but PREM listens carefully to the step-by-step speech given by his DAD - having full confidence in Anupam Kher. In the end "Honesty" and "Trust" are the key words that he reflects in his first speech with Amrita. Most people would think that such a first meeting with a total stranger more for a limited time is never enough to judge a person. But according to what I saw in this film, I have the feeling that two people who are made for each other can connect even in a first meeting, it's possible !!! # 3 In the whole movie - there are basically 4 or 5 sequences where Shahid and Amrita are together - or are shown together. It's different from most other romantic / wedding movies where Hero & Heroine always sing and dance or nowadays - doing cheap stuff. But the beauty of each of these 5 sequences: - Characterized by moderation, innocence and respect for the other! # 4 I really liked the relationship between Chacha ALOK NATH and Amrita Rao. These genre films should highlight the indifference shown to daughters / girls-children in parts of India. # 5 The romantic scenes between the main couple turned out very well - no economic scene, the songs are beautifully depicted !! Words like "Jal", "praarthana" e.t.c. will be the watchwords for all the girls who liked this movie :) Personally, I really like the dialogue in this film. # 6 Last but not least - The whole scene of the Hospital where Shahid puts "sindhoor" to Amrita when he is fighting for Life - it's terrifying. Those dialogues between the couple are so moving and I hear LOVE / I-cant-do-without-U; It's a hair sensation !!! <br /> <br /> *** In many ways, VIVAH reminded me of Maine Pyar Kiya, DDLJ, Qayamat Se Qayamat Tak, Hum Dil De Chuke Sanam - for the freshness / chemistry on the couple's screen: :) *** IF I ASK: - Along with films such as Rang De Basanti, Lage Raho Munnabhai, DOR, CORPORATE and Kabul Express, VIVAH is among the best films made in 2006. REALITY - I think Vivah deserves better viewing Dhoom2 or Fanaa or Golmaal or all those passing films / blur / style / shit !!
