* SPOILER ALERT: I wish I could discuss this without revealing specific points in the plot, but I can't. Sorry. * <br /> <br /> I was looking for a IMDb review of the George C. Scott movie when I came across the summary and reviews for this version. He had so many positive reviews that I decided to order it even though: (a) while truncated and hurried, I thought that George C. Scott embodied the tortured nature (and physical appearance) of Rochester's book in a T; and (b) even looking at the DVD cover, I was thinking "Is Timothy Dalton not too good for the role?" This last concern was reinforced by the fact that I decided to re-read the book while the DVD was in arrears. That said, the moment I started watching it, I was fascinated. At first it was disconcerting to hear the 1840 dialogue as written - with little or no attempt at modernization - but Dalton and Clarke threw themselves into it this way, that I appreciated the fact that the adapters trusted the audience to follow the archaic speech. Having so much of the book on the screen was an extra bonus. I know someone who won't watch any version of Jane Eyre because "who wants to watch a movie about a man who keeps a poor madwoman in the attic?" Honestly, if someone who didn't read the book stumbled in the hour and half or two hour versions, they thought it was all that the story entails - the secret of Rochester and its effect on everyone around him. Fortunately, this version actually covers the whole life of Jane Eyre. <br /> <br /> Some people have criticized the casting. Dalton is too fast; Clarke is too reserved. I cannot argue against the first point, but it is so "in the moment" that I believe it is Rochester. For me, Clarke's performance is right. Jane Eyre is silent, guarded. If you remember the book, much of Jane's adult passion and passion occurs during her private struggles. Some of the criticisms baffle me. Reviewers say that Clarke is too short or not nice enough. The book continues endlessly on how small and simple Jane is. Mrs. Clarke shouldn't be tall and the directors softened her appearance to make Jane's statements about her lack of beauty credible. He can't help him if Dalton is tall. Some say there is no chemistry between the leads. What?!! The scene in which Jane finally leaves her room after the marriage fiasco vibrates enough with passion and desire and sadness and regret - and this is just the first example that comes to mind. <br /> <br /> I agree with some of the other criticisms. I too have lost more scenes with Helen Burns and the Rivers brothers. Some of the dialogues were strangely truncated. When Rochester declares: "Jane, you judge me badly: I don't hate her because she's angry", I waited for the rest of the exchange when Rochester explains as if Jane were going crazy, he would love her and take care of her. It's a strong moment in the book, and I wish it had been included. I think it was a mistake to bring a scene with Rochester in the part of the story where Jane is alone. It may have been done for reasons of clarity, but I found it disconcerting. I wanted the cunning humor of the scene in which Jane opts that Rochester's ardor will cool down and become grumpy again, but could "please" him again little by little. Dalton's performance is so good that the rare false step is resounding - when Rochester cries in the library, I saw him as a crying actor, not like Rochester. As for the sets, if anyone has ever captured an episode of the show of the '60s "Dark Shadows", you know what to expect - very stiff and sometimes ramshackle interiors. Others have thoroughly and succinctly commented on Rochester's make-up work at the end. Yikes! It's bad. The conclusion is too abrupt. After all that anguish and suspense, I wanted a more rounded ending. And, on my copy of the DVD, getting credits at the beginning and end of all eleven episodes of 25-30 minutes becomes a bit too much. That being said, I am so happy to have this movie and will watch it again and again.
