I am a lover of Jane Eyre and a purist, and this version includes almost all the important details of the book, and the characters are portrayed as I imagined them. Jane Eyre is a complex story of great wealth and cannot be delivered correctly in a feature-length format, so it needs a TV mini-series. Timothy Dalton's Rochester is probably the best ever. There has been much discussion about how attractive and how old she is. In the book, Jane (the narrator) describes him as "about 35" and not young, but not yet middle-aged. I think Timothy Dalton was about 38 when he did this, so it's right. Furthermore, we only have Jane's opinion that Rochester is beautiful. He has just met him and he asks her in no uncertain terms what he thinks. Being an inexperienced and humble girl, I can't imagine her saying that she believed him beautiful. The actor who plays Rochester needs to show us the character of man, and this is achieved to perfection. I love the relationship between the two protagonists, which is the fundamental thing in this story, and the humor of their meetings. Other versions have blown it, but that's fine. The 2006 version with Toby Stephens (37 years old) is running on BBC1 and is very good, so I will decide if it is my favorite when it is completed. <br /> <br /> Looking at this series again, after seeing the 2006 version, I decided that this version with Timothy Dalton and Zelah Clark is the best! Charlotte Bronte's dialogue is preserved and this is essential for the power of history. Modernization does not work, it is a Victorian story and an archaic poetic discourse fits the characters. This version has an excellent cast - Zelah Clark is small and the height difference between her and Rochester is important; Timothy Dalton has a real presence and is an extraordinary actor. There are no extra scenes to deviate from the plot and the script includes all the essential scenes, but leaves out unnecessary details, making it to the point and compelling. I recommend it to all true Jane Eyre fans.
