There are many adaptations of Charlotte Brontë's classic novel "Jane Eyre", and taking into consideration the many reviews written about them there is also a lively discussion about which one is the best. The adaptations of the short film all suffer from the fact that it is not possible to enclose the whole plot of the novel in a film of about 100 minutes. length, therefore these films show only some parts of the novel. The TV series proved to be a more suitable format to make all the different episodes of heroin's life. <br /> <br /> There are three mini TV series, published in '73, '83 and 2006. The 2006 version is not only the worst of these three, but the worst of all Jane Eyre's adaptations and an example surprising of a completely overrated film. The beautiful lines of the novel are replaced by insipid and trivial, and the crucial scenes are deleted or replaced by scenes that have nothing to do with the novel. What all this leads to is that the characters portrayed have not only nothing in common with Rochester and Jane of the novel and behave exactly in the opposite way described in the book, but their behavior and language are also absolutely not consistent with the behavior of the period in which the novel is set. It's a silly soap opera, in which the actors seem and behave as if they were put into the costumes of the fifties by mistake. This "Jane Eyre" (how dare she call herself) is really a slap in the face to Charlotte Brontë. <br /> <br /> The 1973 version is very faithful to the novel in that the long dialogues between Mr. Rochester and Jane are rendered in almost all their length. But what works beautifully in the novel does not necessarily work beautifully on the screen. Sometimes the language of the novel is too complex and complicated to seem natural when it is pronounced on the screen, and the continuous interruptions of dialogues by Jane's dubbing add to the impression of artificiality and seasonality. And despite the loyalty to the novel, the essence of the scenes is not captured. Another problem is the casting of the main characters. Jane's portrait of Sorcha Cusack as a bold, self-assured, wise young woman of the world totally disagrees with the literary model, and Michael Jayston, although a good actor, simply does not possess the dominant physical presence and charisma required to play Rochester. Although a decent adaptation fails to convey the passion and intensity of the novel and never really fascinates the public. <br /> <br /> All the defects of the '73 version were corrected in the TV miniseries of 1983 with Timothy Dalton and Zelah Clarke. Although from the point of view of a purist Timothy Dalton is too handsome, tall and thin to be a Rochester, he possesses the essential qualities for the role: he has an imposing physical presence, a great magnetism and an air of security and authority. And despite his undeniable beauty, he seems severe and severe enough to convincingly interpret Thornfield's grim master. But the excellence of his performance lies in the way he makes all aspects of Rochester's character. Of all the actors who played Rochester, he is the only one who captures them all: the harshness of Rochester, almost the insolence, his mood and his brutality, as well as his humorous side, his tenderness, his solicitude and a deep, frantic love. Dalton's management of Charlotte Brontë's language is equally superb. Even the most far-fetched and complicated thoughts of Rochester sound absolutely true and natural when Dalton delivers them. It is the definitive Rochester, unsurpassed and unsurpassable, and after seeing it in this role it is impossible to imagine that Rochester could be interpreted in any other way or by any other actor. <br /> <br /> Zelah Clarke offers an equally excellent performance in a role that is perhaps even more difficult to play than in Rochester. She depicts exactly the Jane of the novel, a young woman outwardly shy, reserved and watched, but who possesses a great depth of feeling and an equally great willpower. It captures the duality beautifully in Jane's character: her modesty and respect on the one hand, and her fire and passion on the other, her apparent fragility and her indomitable sense of right and wrong. She and Dalton have a wonderful chemistry and their scenes together are pure delight. <br /> <br /> As for the fidelity to the literary model, this version also mentions the text of the novel as well as the '73 version, but with an important difference: the dialogues are abbreviated in this version, but the fundamental lines that are essential for the characterization of the protagonists and the development of the plot are made unchanged. Thus the screenwriter avoided any artificiality of language, still fully preserving the beauty and originality of the language of Charlotte Brontë. And in contrast to the previous version of the BBC, the essence of each scene is perfectly captured. <br /> <br /> The plot of the novel is followed with even greater precision than the '73 series. It's almost a scene for the enactment of the novel scene, in which the same time and emphasis are given to every episode in Jane's life. It is the only adaptation of Jane Eyre that has a gypsy scene worthy of the novel, and the only one that does full justice to the crucial and heartbreaking scene of the novel when Jane and Rochester meet after the aborted marriage. Timothy Dalton, in particular, plays that scene with superb skill. It makes Rochester's anguish almost painful as he realizes Jane's decision to leave him, his frantic attempts to keep her and his final despair while she really leaves him. It is a harrowing, almost devastating scene that will remain with the viewer for a long time. <br /> <br /> With even the smallest roles perfectly expressed, an excellent script and two ideal main actors this is the definitive and only true "Jane Eyre".
