This wonderful BBC television production of 1983 (not a film, like others have written here) of the classic love story "Jane Eyre", with Timothy Dalton in the role of Rochester, and Zelah Clarke in the role of Jane, is the most popular version beautiful that has ever been produced until today, since it is the most faithful to Charlotte Bronte's novel both in concept and in dialogue. <br /> <br /> A classic becomes a classic for very specific reasons; when film producers begin to meddle with the same lifeblood of a classic, that classic is destroyed. Fortunately, the producers of THIS "Jane Eyre" have faced the story with respect and loyalty to the original, which translates into an addictive mix that deserves to be seen repeatedly, to enjoy its multiple layers of sweetness, joy and suspense. The performances are delicious, the music is right, even the gothic design of the house and the outdoor shots are beautiful and give the right tone to the production. <br /> <br /> My only criticism, though slight, is that this version, like every other version of Jane Eyre, ignores the Christian influences that built Jane's character and influenced her moral choices. In today's modern world a woman in Jane's situation wouldn't think twice about it, but being with Rochester after discovering that she had a crazy wife and still being married to her. "Oh, get a divorce," he would have said to his man, otherwise he would live in sin with him. But Jane Eyre knew that she could not settle for this course in life and respect herself. Why? This decision was based on the fundamentals of the Christian faith that had been taught to her since childhood, not by the brutal Calvinist institution of Lowood, but by the Christian example of a true friend, Helen Burns, who was martyred rather than turned the other cheek . One day I would like to see some versions paint these influences a little more fully in an adaptation. A classic novel that ends with the heroine who writes "Even so, come Lord Jesus!" it should not have the basis of that faith torn from it.
