To call this brilliant episode seems too little. To say that he maintains the excellent work of the premiere of the season is also an understatement, because so far there has never been an episode of Sopranos far away. In fact, the title could be a welcome invitation for those who are not yet real fans: Join the Club ... <br /> <br /> Gathering where Junior left off (putting a bullet in his nephew's intestine after having wrong he for a scammer who killed in the first season), the story begins with Tony being absolutely fine. Without any memory of what happened to him, he is attending a kind of convention. Except he's not talking in his usual accent, and there seems to be something wrong with his documents: apparently, it's not Tony Soprano but Kevin Finnerty, or at least that's what a bunch of people think, and until when it will not resolve the chaos can not leave his hotel. <br /> <br /> Of course, in the pure Sopranos tradition, this turns out to be nothing more than a dream: Tony is actually in a coma, with doctors uncertain about his fate, his family and friends were worried and Junior refused to believe that everything had actually happened. Unfortunately he did, and Anthony Jr. seems intent on avenging his father's life attempt. <br /> <br /> Dreams have appeared quite frequently in the series, often as a sort of spiritual test for the protagonists (especially in the fifth season The Test Dream show). Join the Club, however, takes the metaphysical qualities of the program, already suggested by the use of the previous episode of a poem by William S. Burroughs, and pushes the envelope in the most audacious way: Tony hallucinating about his dead friends (the first occurrence of the type it was caused by food poisoning, four seasons ago) is one thing, he actually being in what would appear to be Purgatory is radically different. The "celestial" section of the story is full of allegorical meanings, not least the name that Tony gave (as a character points out, his spelling will in a certain way give you the word "infinite"), and nothing like that comes out as exaggerated or unlikely: David Chase has created a job that is too clever to use strange configurations just for their interest; everything helps the narrative. Talking about "help from the top" in the case of Tony Soprano could, however, extend it a little.
