Ok, I didn't get the thing from Purgatory the first time I saw this episode. It seemed that something significant was happening that I couldn't point to. This time those Costa Mesa fires on TV caught my eye - and that helped me write an essay on Inferno! But let me see what was NOT discussed yet ... <br /> <br /> A review by TWOP said that Tony had 7 flights of stairs to get down due to the broken elevator. Yes, 7 is a significant number for many reasons, especially religious ones, but here is another one for you. On an intuition I consulted wikipedia and guess what Dante has divided into 7 levels? Purgatory. Excluding ante-purgatory and paradise. (The stuff at the bottom of the stairs and ... what Tony can't get.) <br /> <br /> In the supposedly "random" scene of the slap monks. As soon as the monks appeared, he adapted perfectly to Tony's place trying to get out of Purgatory. It can be said that he worried when that Christian publicity (death, sickness and sin) arrived and is becoming increasingly desperate because the Christian paradise seems a bit uncertain for him. When he meets the monks he thinks, "hey, maybe these guys can help me?" which seems to contemplate other religions (for example Buddhism) and to ask if any other way could lead to "salvation". Not that Tony is literally thinking of becoming a Buddhist, but it seems that Finnerty tried (and messed up). That slap in the face basically tells Tony that there's no quick fix, since no, you can't suddenly embrace Buddhism and get out of here. <br /> <br /> Tony initially wasn't too worried about going to heaven. But at the entrance to the conference, he understands that it won't be so easy for him. At first I saw the name and the problem of the driving license, since Tony had led a kind of double life, with the people who killed and slept around that he kept secret from most people. He feels free to have a relationship with quasi-Melfi because "he is Kevin Finnerty". He understands he can fool some people with KF cards, like the hotel receptionists, but he won't let him out of Purgatory. Those helicopters - Heaven's helicopters? - they are keeping track of him and everything he does. <br /> <br /> After reading all the theories about "inFinnerty", it seems that KF's identity is a reminder of the infinite different paths that Tony could have taken in his life. Perhaps along with the automotive joke involving Infiniti that made no sense to me otherwise. Aaaand then my brain vanishes.
