In what appears to be an attempt to mix drama and comedy, Manuel Gomez Pereira made this film, "Things that make life worth living." This is not an original discovery, but one of many voices (quite off the field, among other things), but differs somewhat from the norm in Spanish cinema: the downside is that the elements that make up the film are poorly combined, and while some points are not well developed, others are out of place, one day in the life of two people close to the middle age, in practice it is the film Gómez Pereira Jorge (Eduard Fernandez) is a stationary film (parado) that, despite the burden on his shoulders with a major drama, seems willing to see things change: only this explains that his commitment to a minor could mean a turning point in his existence. In line with Audrey Tautou of "Long dating" (Jean-Pierre Jeunet, 2004), Jorge says things like this to herself: "if I find a coin before the corner it will now change my luck." Of course he finds it, begins to play 'Today could be a great day' (Hoy puede ser un gran dia) by Joan Manuel Serrat and in some crosses on his way Hortensia (Ana Belen). She is another woman entering age, divorced and a little lonely, take the valerian to sleep, organize birthday parties as an exemplary mother, say her faith in God and lead to a speed of homicidal mother, Hortensia is a woman from many contradictions in his behavior, life went into his driving driving data as "70% of people fall in love only once in their life" and said even though he is short of Jorge and unemployed and does not preclude the possibility that it is a "sadist" who sleeps in his shoulder at the cinema at the latest a communion has arrived, a dance in the luxurious wedding banquet, the back of a car and other things that the players seem to experience unique experiences of the genre but end up doing enough heavy for the viewer. "The things that make life worth living" the debate between us is the drama of two adult people who have nothing else that leads them to see where their strange relationships lie and, on the contrary, make us take the case as a comedy, focusing on things like a Chinese wedding song (which seems to be fun in itself) or the gait of a drunk person. The problem is that it leaves us no time to get in touch with the players, so we can't identify with the drama, and not give us a solid base comic, leaving everything but the pure joke. In the end, everything is mixed in such a way that the viewer no longer knows whether to laugh or cry, and ends up not doing it either. And it is true that something is not seen a thousand times, it is not the type of film that we find bend every corner, but it is not sufficiently different or special as we want to do. Ana Belén (who apparently much less than the 53 years she has in this film) and Eduard Fernandez are two actors who are very happy to see work, but this time she seems ready or quite comfortable in the scenes that require breaking the calm that prevails in the film , so at times like "the accident" with the children of the bar it seems that things slip away from their hands. Perhaps a very dramatic change he has to make, but it is not an excuse to lower his guard. In any case, both interpreters were easily erected the highlight of the function. "The things that make life worthwhile" work only up to the modest level of entertainment. Any statement that goes beyond that point has not been satisfied, like a romantic or dramatic comedy like the one we presume, they wanted to do, we can't afford to have small, finite moments of success (beyond evil) like the one in which one of the characters talk and laugh, drunk lost, compared to a guy who remains in a coma partly because of her. They don't even do much for people like Rosario Pardo, making the typical friend thrown whose greatest contribution to the film is the phrase "must be screwed", and the songs from the soundtrack, although significant, not only fit. It is true that the film by Manuel Gomez Pereira has his successes (some of the moments involving Jose Sacristan), but the whole is an anodyne story, a film with good intentions and a good result when it is the best.
