"Flavia, the nun muslmana" alias. "Flavia the Heretic" from 1974 is a truly disturbing and intransigent piece of Italian exploitation cinema that, to a certain extent, follows a somewhat feminist premise (although the level of squalor and brutality would probably disgust the majority of feminists) . Set mainly in a convent, and with a nun as the central eponymous protagonist (great performance by the beautiful Florinda Bolkan), "Flavia the Heretic" could be called a "Nunsploitation" film. However, this film differs quite drastically from the typical Nunsploitation films of the time, since it does not focus so much on elements of nunsploitation such as lesbianism, sadistic lesbian punishment, etc. Personally, I have seen more similarities with the Hexploitation films of the time, such as "Mark of The Devil", (although this is not the subject of witch hunts), which focuses on the brutal execution of Christian fundamentalism in the Middle Ages and early modern age. <br /> <br /> Italy around 1600: After seeing the despotic father beheading a wounded Muslim soldier, the young Flavia is forced to become a nun in a convent. When his father condemns a nun to a tortuous death for a minor crime years later, Falvia's disgust against male violence against women turns into hatred against the despotic church, and joins a band of Arab scavengers ... <br /> <br /> One thing is certain, "Flavia the Heretic" is not for the faint of heart, nor for those who want a happy ending. Director Gianfranco Mingozzi has obviously tried to make his film as realistic and disturbing as possible, especially in his bad scenes. The many torture and execution scenes are extremely disturbing, with footprints, fingerprints and other macabre scenes with explicit details, the most shocking scene is probably the torture of the young nun at the beginning of the film. Violence here is never superfluous, however. After all, these gruesome methods were actually real at the time the film is set. The film is very well done, with realistic costumes, fantastic settings, an elegant cinematography and a soundtrack by Nicola Piovani. The beautiful and beautiful Florinda Bolkan has shown her talent in many great Italian productions (including the yellow-masterpiece by Lucio Fulci "Non Si Sevizia Un Donald" in 1972). She offers another great and charismatic performance here, and I could not imagine another actress who is well suited to her role. The film has some minor inconsistencies (for example because the rigid church left bizarre cult followers in convents in the first place). However, overall it is surprising how realistic this film is. "Flavia the Heretic" should definitely not be missing from my fellow Italian Exploitation Cinema fans. This is a great film of general exploit, even if it is very depressing and therefore should be looked at in the right mood. Highly recommended for scary movie fans. 7.5 / 10
