Flavia the Heretic is an undeniable work of art and probably my number one recommendation to state that the cinema of the exploitation of the euro is seriously underestimated and should not be ignored. This is an intelligent and complex film, beautifully made and ?? surprise ?? damn accurate! This is more than a mere insignificant violence or gratuitous violence and it is time that those prudent film committees that classify Flavia as a forbidden garbage esteem him. Flavia is a beautiful 14th century teenager, forced to live the life of an obedient nun in a narrow convent. He refuses to accept being inferior only because he is a female and curses his sister for being so tolerant of this. After a futile attempt to escape, he befriends another rebel nun and even leads a troop of bloodthirsty Muslims in the convent walls. <br /> <br /> Flavia is a truly fascinating film! Almost impossible to believe that the director Gianfranco Mingozzi managed to make it look so realistic and so disturbing. I challenge you to propose a title that focuses more intensely on the theme of pioneering feminism than Flavia. Several sequences are shocking enough (actually about to incubate) while the camera zooms in on brutal rape, torture and mutilation. Yet all this footage is not only used to satisfy perverted goradri, mind you. I am strongly convinced that they are part of the phrase "Flavia" is trying to communicate: humanity (the Catholic Church in particular) has historically shown itself to be a hypocritical and discriminating race and it is useless to deny it. Films like "Flavia, the heretic" have the courage to question and openly condemn our precious ancestors and I really admire them for this. Flavia is an extraordinary film of fundamental exploitation for its substance, but it is even brought to a higher level by the wonderful cinematography, the glorious costumes and sets and a breathtaking soundtrack by Nicola Piovani. Florinda Bolkin is very convincing as the ambitious and stubborn nun, but it is María Casares who steals the show as Sister Agatha. She is a nun who hates the man and who loves to scream in the open! Amen, sister!
