I thought this film was about human sexuality like anything else, intentionally or not. We are also shown how absurd and paradoxical it is that women are not authorized to such an important event at national level, while forgetting the past of our respective "advanced" nations. I write from Japan, where women got the right to vote only 60 years ago and female technical engineers are a recent phenomenon. Pubs in England were once all male, the business world was totally off-limits to women in America until recently, and women in China had their feet tied together so that they couldn't develop feet strong enough to escape to their husbands. Iran is conveniently going through this phase of our time, and we have a good vision of how ridiculous we all were at one time or another. Returning to the question of sexuality, we wonder what may be intrinsically for women who make them unfit for a football match (the official reason is that men are bad). Especially girls so young, a couple so much that they have the feeling that lesbianism is also the order of the day. I think one point is that not all women are equal, and the women the police are trying to "protect" are not the ones trying to get in first. The initial scenes of the stadium approach make you appreciate the value of young women trying to enter - and each separately - at all. It's a brutal man's world. Any woman brave enough to try to go should be allowed! The world of sexuality is not suitable for everyone. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, the arrested criminal girls bind themselves inside the makeshift pen awaiting their deportation to those who-know-where and in a much more subtle way, begin to bond with the guards by controlling them. These had clear ideas about women and femininity, which were disputed head on. The change of attitude is glacial, but visible. <br /> <br /> Since the film is pure Iran from the first moment, it takes a bit of facilities for the foreigner, but the characters have a special way of being fascinated by you, and you end up getting the whole picture, and even understand the misunderstandings of men and give them some flexibility. The alleged evil is the invisible patriarchate of the ayatollahs, who remain invisible and nameless and probably not removed. <br /> <br /> Knowing that this film was shot during the Iran-Bahrain match event gives me the feeling of astonishment for everyone involved.
