What do you think the average person would know more or less about: Iranian cinema or Iranian football? It is interesting to note that the two come at the forefront of Iranian director Jafar Panahi's controversial film entitled "Offside", a story that uses football or access to football as a backdrop for a series of scenes that revolve around the right to do something or go somewhere and the individual's right to extend such courtesy if and when they would like. The strange thing is that you don't come from Offside to learn about Iranian football or too much about Iranian cinema (unless it is an education in the controversial style of Panahi), but come away feeling enlightened, that at least someone from Iran has took a controversial issue that is clearly still very much in force in a nation like Iran, and is willing to present it to an international audience rather than exploit it. <br /> <br /> I remember the 2006 World Cup, I am sure many people can. It was the summer after my first year at university and, after the slogan that was my first year, a World Cup summer behaved like a well-organized tonic. Needless to say, I saw practically all the game bars that show simultaneously with the others at the end of the group phases in order to avoid accidents as seen in Spain '82, when it was thought that West Germany and Austria had leaked to get a result among them he would see them both at the expense of Algeria. <br /> <br /> Anyone in Britain is watching the BBC broadcast of Iran ?? The game of Mexico, first of the two countries of the tournament, could remember that at the top of the show, the BBC anchorman, Gary Lineker, released a sniffed commentary to present the game. Something like this happened: "We have seen giants play Germany, England, Argentina and Holland, but now we can see ......... Mexico and Iran are fighting". The emphasis on the latter was lower and it was perhaps a thankless task to look at them. It's a shame because there are people, and movies like Offside present them, that they are really willing to see Iran play to the point where they risk their well-being to make it happen and it's sad when people in a position of power reject what they feel 'inferior' when there are others who would do anything to have the chance to engage otherwise. <br /> <br /> When I immediately think of the words "Iran", "football" and "World Cup", my mind flies back to the France '98 game between that nation and America. Here is a film about a world cup match involving Iran, but where some or even many Iranian directors may have chosen to present a story that revolves around the famous Iranian victory over the United States and what the director means to them Panahi chooses to look at what happens behind the scenes and presents a story from the stands, as women are excluded from football matches and are not allowed to experience the ecstasy of winning a game of immense size. One can imagine a heavy film that details the Iranian "victory" as a heavy propaganda film designed to exploit it as "defeating" a Western power or "enemy" in a sport in which perhaps it was not expected to do so. <br /> <br /> A couple of films that come to mind when it comes to beating the unbeatable at their own game are the 2001 Indian film "Lagaan", in which Indian peasants defeat the British kingdom in cricket. Similalry, "The Game of Their Lives" of 2005 sees the Americans defeat the British in a soccer game only this time in the 1950 World Cup. The differences between these films and Offside are immense; The offside is looking at a situation behind the mentality of a state and dares to explore the essence of Feminism while the girls, trying to see their beloved Iran defeat in Bahrain and qualify for the World Cup, are gathered as animals and held in a purgatory pure feet from a barred window that would allow them to see the game. The reasoning has to do with the vulgar language that men "can", do not want, but "can" use during the game. The film presents Iran as so incompetent that it cannot take away a man's right to swear and banish bad language but must he forbid a woman's right to see the game all together? no wonder Panahi's film has been banned in Iran. <br /> <br /> But Panahi remembers to include what makes the rule so crazy first of all by often allowing its female characters to smoke cigarettes and use cell phones, two things doctors and scientists will think are much more dangerous for the human body / mind that does not listen to some vulgar language in a soccer game. Panahi pays particular attention to the title of his film "Offside", which in turn is a rule within the details of football when a "striker" is "captured" trying to gain an advantage in the field of the game. The parallels run with the position of women in the film as these very advanced individuals (presumably without rights) are surprised in an attempt to put one over the opposition team; that's the state itself. <br /> <br /> I think offside is one of the best films out of the Middle East and the surrounding Gulf area I've seen. It is a tense but humiliating film about people who do not recite any story of acting according to the IMDb and therefore, the acting is raw and real, adding that bizarre neo-realist aura to all this. The immediate ending is disturbing and the constant verbal battle between the male soldiers and the women who commit improper acts who have dared to challenge the state is wonderful. I also think that someone does not love the film for the reasons I mentioned shows a distinct level of insensitivity, or that it works in the Iranian government.
