In Iran, women are not allowed to participate in men's sporting events, apparently to "protect" them from all the rude and vulgar language they hear coming from male fans (so since men cannot hold back or behave alone, women are forced to suffer. Go to understand.). "Fuorigioco" tells the story of half a dozen young women who, dressed as men, try to sneak into the high-stakes game between Iran and Bahrain that, in 2005, qualified Iran to go to the World Cup (the movie it was actually filmed mostly during that game). <br /> <br /> "Offside" is a slice of life that will remind you of all those great humanistic films ("The Shop on Main Street", "Loves"). of a blonde, of "carefully guarded trains" etc., which flowed from communist Czechoslovakia as part of the "Miracle of Prague" in the mid-1960s. As in many of these works, "Offside" is more interested in the observation of life than in the elaboration of any type of fictitious fiction elaborately invented. In fact, it is the simplicity of the setup and the naturalism of the style that makes the film so effective. <br /> <br /> Once they have discovered their stratagem, the girls are locked up in a small pen just outside the stadium where you can hear the hoarse cheer from the game inside. Stuck where they are, all they can do is beg the security guards to let them in, guards who are basically bumbling, good-natured kids who are forced to do their duty as part of their mandatory military service. Even the majority of men entering the stadium do not seem particularly upset by the thought that these women can enter. Still the ban persists. And yet, how can one not be impressed by the true courage and sperm shown by these women as they clash with a system that continues to impose such a ridiculously regressive and archaic restriction? And yet, the purpose of these women is not to raise a cause or make a "point". They are simply fans obsessed with the ardent desire to watch a football match and, like all the men in the country, cheer for their team. <br /> <br /> It is difficult to say just how much of the dialogue is scripted and how impromptu, but, in both cases, the actors, with their wonderfully expressive faces, do a magnificent job, making each moment completely realistic and convincing. Mohammad Kheir-abadi and Shayesteh Irani are leading figures in a uniformly excellent cast. The structure of the film is also very free and free, since the writer / director Jafar Panahi and the co-writer Shadmehr Rastin concentrate for a few brief moments on one or two characters, so they move easily and effortlessly on others. With this approach to the type of documentary, we feel like we are witnessing a real event that takes place in "real time". Very often, it's pretty easy for us to forget that we're actually watching a movie. <br /> <br /> It was a very smart move by filmmakers to include such good humor in the film (this is what the Czech filmmakers did too), to better underline the absolute absurdity of the situation and broaden the appeal of the film for both national and foreign audiences. "Fuorigioco" is obviously a cry of justice, but it is made even more effective by the refusal to transform its history into a tragedy of heavy breathing. Instead, he realizes that nothing breaks down social barriers with the same efficiency of humor and an appeal to the common humanity of the public. And isn't this what real art should be? In its silent and discreet way, "Offside" is one of the great gems of 2007 under-appreciated.
