Several directors from different countries have contributed much to the film with their thoughts. As a result, we have experimented with different genres when the medium is affected. Jafar Panahi, unlike J.L. Godard or F. Truffault, believes in the simple story; Schematic narratives are one of the main features of his work as a director. He trusts the viewer's automatic and critical intelligence; he feels no need to go to alienation or similar things to reach to the spectators. It is equally effective despite being conventional. Offside (2006), is another schematic creation by him, in which the gender subordination in the Asian Middle East gradually becomes clear to all while the simple but captivating story of the film progresses. Nowadays, when we all shout about the issue of women's rights, this film creeps very quietly into our mind and eventually becomes a hump for our critical intelligence, conveying the message that the equality of human rights is nothing but a good illusory, a utopia. Fatherhood will never allow women to be authorized. An important football match in which the nation participates, a teenager who understands the game well, loves his nation does not have the right to enter the stadium to support his country. He simply has permission to hear the comment live. His alias could not work for her. As a result, he had to endure several humiliating situations. From the beginning his worried father ran here and there for his daughter. At the end of the day, the celebration came when the nation won the game that the girl could not see while being held on the outside of the stadium during the time of the match. But the celebration cannot suppress the question of women's rights that remain in every corner of the world in different formats. Jafar Panahi has indicated this problem of Gender Abuse most successfully, also in the field of conventional cinematography and patriarchy. A global tragedy has been treated casually and sometimes with humor which, in turn, teases our being constantly.
