Panahi, whose previous films like The Circle and Crimson Gold seemed to range from gloomy to sad, produced in his new Offside a funny, obstinate, joyous ensemble of ensembles that ends with a note of liberation and sincere amusement ?? yet the film is about as stimulating and relevant as anything else he has done. Focusing on a group of girl soccer fans captured while sneaking in the pre-World Cup Bahrain-Iran match in Tehran stadium, does Panahi bring up issues of national spirit and independence and contradictions ?? and pure nonsense ?? of the regime's religious gender apartheid in a world of modern competition with a majority youth population and urban girls who increasingly think alone. <br /> <br /> As the film opens we join one of the girls in a bus, with a father looking for a lost daughter. This has a disguise and has national colors like warpaint, but embarrasses us with it in the knowledge of what will happen: it is still easily identifiable. The fact is that most of the men around don't give a damn. However, the rules are rules, and once they try to overcome the various checkpoints going to the big stadium, the aspiring soccer girls, or some of them anyway, are gathered and held in a small complex upstairs in the stadium by some mostly young, green and rustic soldier policemen who have no idea how to handle the independent ideas of these big-city girls and would rather watch the game ?? whose roar we hear constantly in the background? themselves. Is every girl different ?? represents a different set of reasons for wanting to break the rules and different ways of doing it. One wore a soldier's uniform and climbed into the officers section. One is tough and masculine and provocative and provocative (he could pass for a handsome boy and playfully hint at this: "Are you a girl or a boy?" "Which would you like me to be?"). One does not care much about football, but went to honor a dead comrade. One (Aida Sadeghi) is a fiery soccer player herself ?? and so on. These Tehran girls are stubborn and intelligent and walk throughout the rural lieutenant and lieutenant who takes care of them (Safar Samandar). One of the rural policemen (Mohamad Kheirabadi) takes the girl soccer player to the men's room (obviously there are no women), forcing her to wear a poster of an Italian soccer star as a mask. A comedy of errors and chaos follows in which the girl runs away. <br /> <br /> Later a flashy-looking van comes with an officer who directs the cops to take the girls to the Deputy Department ?? the violation of the rules of sexual segregation qualifies as a vice. Does a male mix with them ?? a child who is chronically guilty of smuggling fireworks into games. The van turns out to be not so brisk: the radio antenna is broken. But a policeman holds him in position so that they can hear the increasingly touching reportage. Policemen and prisoners are all united in a common excitement now. There is no score, the game goes to penalties, and the winner will go to Germany. <br /> <br /> In the background all this is a real game, a real stadium, and a real mass of crazy young men the result of this event. Excitement is tremendous, and the streets are full of cars and flags and a crowd of supporters praying for an Iranian victory and united in their excitement. <br /> <br /> What makes this film so beautiful, as can be clear by now, is that it was filmed during the evening of a real game with a real ending that transforms everything. This, in contrast to Panahi's previous highly calculated narrative trajectories, is a spontaneous vérité film that improvises in rhythm with a captured background of real events and drags you into its excitement in ways that are quite electrifying. <br /> <br /> The essence of Offside is the disconnection between the modern madness of world football and the retro-Islamic social prohibitions that repress women ?? the latter exists at a time when young Iranian women are becoming part of a global world in which females participate in sport and share the spirit of national team spirit. How does it combine the country's ambition to become a modern global power with social attitudes that are medieval? A lot of Offisde is surprisingly real, including the way everyone tries to get away from it all. The director's decision to inject young actors into a veritable mega-sporting event leads to an incredibly effective mixture of documentary, controversy and fiction that is too energetic to seem to have a bone to choose, and that ends in a brilliant and moving way . <br /> <br /> I've already had reservations about Panahi's films, but this gives me a kick. Panahi does something extraordinary here. He criticizes his society, presents an unusual drama and touches our hearts with the sense of a nation's aspirations.
