In Iran women are forbidden to participate in live sporting events due to the fear that they will be "corrupted" by bad language, by the proximity to thousands of men and by the fact that in old-fashioned stadiums there are no toilets for women. On the basis of an incident involving the director's daughter, Jafar Panahi's Offside follows six girls, disguised as men, who were refused entry into football between Iran and Bahrain in 2005, a game that will decide whether the Iran will go or not the World Cup. Moving away from the gloomy and minimalist films we have been accustomed to from Iran over the past decade, Offside is an exuberant comedy that has patriotic fervor and a universal appeal but contains enough subversive social commentary to justify its ban on projections in Iran. <br /> <br /> Shot with a digital camera that uses non-professional actors that are more than up to par, the girls try to break into the Azadi stadium in Tehran but are arrested and placed in a waiting area out of stage. They are guarded by three young army conscripts (Safdar Samandar, Mohammed Kheir-abadi and Masoud Kheymeh-kaboud) who express ambivalence about their task, but are committed to following the rules. Women are enthusiastic about football, not political activists and support Iran's victory, but this does not prevent soldiers from holding them while they wait for the girls to be transported to the Vice Squad and an uncertain future. <br /> <br /> Speaking openly rather than acting as victims, they continually question soldiers about the logic behind the restrictions, making their nonsense quite obvious. Although they can hear the noise of the crowd, women cannot see the action, but get a smaller victory when they convince one of the soldiers to comment on the game. One of the funniest sequences occurs when a female "prisoner" is escorted to the men's room by a soldier. The young recruit must therefore face a close uprising when he must prevent anyone else from using the facilities while the girl is still inside. <br /> <br /> Little by little, to paraphrase Adlai Stevenson, what unites them becomes greater than what divides them and the incredible antagonists gather behind their country and root the victory that Iran will send to the Cup of the world. Although the point is early and often and the film falls a bit in between, Offside is a point of reference on a society in which a political elite with a medieval social mentality has to deal with a growing group of educated citizens and politically astute. One can only hope that the pressure of the world and the awakening of its own people will force the Ayatollahs to come to terms with the 21st century.
