I saw this movie at the Toronto International Film Festival. Shot during a 2006 World Cup qualifying match, Offside works brilliantly both as a comedy and as a tragedy. The film follows the fortunes of a group of captured young women trying to sneak into a football match at the Azadi stadium in Tehran. Islamic religious leaders in the country have decreed that women cannot sit with men in sporting events, for fear of being exposed to curses and other morally questionable behavior. This has not stopped the young fans of the country, who continue to sneak in using various tricks. But Panahi focuses on a small group that has been captured and detained with anguish close to the action. They implore the bored soldiers who protect them to let them go or at least let them watch the game. The soldiers tell them that they shouldn't have tried to enter, that they could watch the game at home on TV. Interpolate back and forth almost in real time while the game continues, just off the field. <br /> <br /> There is a very funny sequence in which a young soldier accompanies one of the girls to the bathroom. Since there are no female toilets in the stadiums, she must clear the room from any man before she can let her in. Also, he makes her cover her face so nobody can see she's a woman. This is achieved by using a poster of Iranian soccer star Ali Daei as a poster, with holes for pierced eyes. <br /> <br /> You really have the feeling that the soldiers are also baffled by the ban and are just carrying out their orders in order to speed up the end of their mandatory military service. A soldier complains that he should have been on leave in order to take care of his family's livestock in the countryside. Little by little, girls and soldiers talk to each other, and there are numerous small acts of kindness on both sides to show that these are basically good people living in terrible circumstances. However, the constant call of soldiers that "the leader" is on his way lends a sense of threat, since we do not know what kind of punishment women will face. <br /> <br /> Unlike most Iranian films, which are known for their strong visuals, Offside is shot in a realistic style without artifice. In fact, the film was made during the actual qualifying match against Bahrain which took place on 5 June 2005. The "plot" in many ways was determined by the result in the field. If Iran wins the game, they will qualify. If they lost, they wouldn't. Since the World Cup has come and gone, I don't think it's a spoiler to say that Iran won the game. The celebration scenes at the end of the film were real and spontaneous, which gave the film an authentic authenticity. Seeing how much this meant for the Iranian people was deeply moving. <br /> <br /> In addition, one of the young women refers to the end of the film to seven fans who died during the Iran-Japan game on March 25, a few weeks earlier. They were trampled to death after the police started spraying the crowd with water to move them in a certain direction. Knowing that this was a tragedy in real life, he added another level of intensity to the celebrations. <br /> <br /> I don't want to leave on a long political bribe, but this film gave me the real hope that there are those in Iran who are hoping for a change and are working there. Iran is a nation of young people, and it is only a matter of time before they take the place of their elders in the political sphere. Films like this show the proud spirit of the Iranian people despite the current difficulties, and it is my sincere hope that there will be a brighter future for them.
