Loopy, but shrewd and formidable head of the mafia Vic (excellent performance by Richard Dreyfuss) is released from a psychiatric hospital. Several criminal cohorts of Vic that include the tenacious henchman "Brass Balls" Ben London (a gloriously exaggerated and exaggerated portrait of Gabriel Byrne's Hammam), the exuberant Jake Parker (a perfect smug Kyle MacLachlan), and the fierce rival "Wacky" "Jacky Jackson (a clear turn from Burt Reynolds) is all trying to defeat Vic. Meanwhile, the self-assured and confident killer, Mickey Holliday (well played by Jeff Goldblum with a discreet tone of confidence) finds himself trapped in this madness. mortal: writer / director Larry Bishop brings an idiosyncratic, eccentric, eccentric and original sensitivity to this delightfully dark and impassive comedy like betrayal, loyalty and ruthless ambition that run dangerously around. field with the colorful grotesque gallery of fucking infidel fanatics and traitors: Ellen Barkin as a robust and sultry moll Rita Everly, Henry Silva as a reliable bracc Vic right, Sleepy Joe Carisle, Gregory Hines as philosophical Smoothie Jules Flamingo, Diane Lane as Vic's sweet and gritty Grace, Billy Drago as slimy Wells, and Christopher Jones as the brutal stealing artist Nicholas Falco. Bishop does most of his juicy secondary role as a lethal and laconic assassin ace Nick. Jumping off into bizarre twists are Billy Idol as a bully thug, Michael J. Pollard as the unfortunate Red, Joey Bishop as Mortician Gottlieb, Rob Reiner as a cheerful driver, and Richard Pryor as Jimmy the Gravedigger. Byrne's delightfully crazy duet with singer Paul Anka on "My Way" is considered a resounding highlight. A very tense and funny Mexican stunning also tickles the funny bone, something hysterical. The refined cinematography of Frank Byers, the outrageously crazy dialect, the jazz soundtrack by Earl Rose and a choice soundtrack of vintage oscillating oldies contribute to making the singular charm of this infinite and intriguing recurrence even more fascinating.
