Anna (Ursula Andress) is introduced as R.N. official from the ex-lover Benito Varotto (Duilio Del Prete), apparently to treat a widower in old age, the count Leonida Bottacin (Mario Piso), returned to health after a heart attack. But Benito is actually at the head of a group of heirs and businessmen, including the American entrepreneur Mr. Kitch (Jack Palance), with ulterior motives, reflected by what Anna hopefully can actually accomplish with the Count. He has a history of, well, he loves women and in fact he would be a little more "vulnerable" while he recovered. The villains are derailed while Anna does not go ahead and approaches the Count. The ending could be said to be ironic, but it is probably better described as predictable. <br /> <br /> But so much for the plot: this film is totally an erotic comedy, from beginning to end, and oh how good it is. There are many nude scenes, including those of Anna and Jole, one of the evil heiresses, played by Luciana Paluzzi. Both Ursula and Luciana are remarkable continental ex-Bond women, and therefore satisfy the fantasies of male spectators. As he did in Thunderball (remember Fiona Volpe), Luciana plays a femme fatale, a little, though with less elegance. <br /> <br /> Perhaps the best scene is Anna's full (slow) strip and jumping in bed with the young Adonis, the "other patient" (who is incredibly resisting), in an attempt to find out what she knows about plot. But even at this point she is already two-faced (for the better), because she has decided not to go ahead. However, Benito is more than twice with women, having had long escapes in the past with Anna and Jole, and the most rival erotic scene follows an invective (to say the least mild) discussion between him and Jole. This is a standing encounter where Luciana is only for her black panties. Another beautiful is Ursula who swims completely naked in the pool of the estate. The Count is free, like the client, to put his hands wherever he wants on Ursula, and takes advantage of it. Hey, somehow I came back to the names of the actresses in my descriptions. Erotic scenes involving other women include a fun hunt for naked wine cellars. "The Sensuous Nurse" is compact, 77 minutes, but it's not necessary - it's pleasant without interruption, from beginning to end. Definitely recommended. <br /> <br />
