I'm not a fan of Adam Sandler. In fact, I don't think I ever loved him in anything I saw him. The opening scene of this film confirmed my worst fears. There was Adam Sandler, who played a somewhat ridiculous character as he rode the city of New York on a scooter, looked pitiful and lost. A typical loser from Sandler again, I thought. I almost gave up then and there. But then, with that, I discovered something I had never known before: Adam Sandler can act! It is truly exceptional in this film as Charlie, a lost and solitary figure, whose entire family (including the dog) was killed in one of the planes hijacked on September 11 and which apparently lost all contact with reality. Don Cheadle plays his former college roommate who unexpectedly reconnects with Charlie and hires him as his mission to help him improve. Obviously, Alan Johnson of Cheadle has his problems and his sources of unhappiness, and somehow these two men manage to help each other through their difficulties. The two have created an absolutely credible team, and in particular Sandler has made Charlie real, working through his emotions and feelings. This is not a Sandler play. If you look for it, go to someone else, more foolish. This is a rather heavy film - sometimes sad, sometimes full of hope and always compelling. There are some fun parts in it. I loved the scene in which Charlie convinces Alan to confront his partners by reminding him of how hard he was at university, and then the conversation that the two of them have afterwards. Personally, I didn't think Saffron Burrows added much to the film as Donna, a patient obviously in need of Johnson. The only reason the character seemed (based on a flashback) was that he looked strangely like Charlie's late wife, but it had never really been developed, and I didn't care much about the character. Look for the part of the judge, however, played by Donald Sutherland, which I thought he nailed to the piece. As far as I'm concerned, though, this is Sandler's film, and congratulations on him for a great performance. Definitely his best in my opinion. 8/10
