Alan Johnson (Don Cheadle) is a successful dentist who shares his practice with other business partners. Alan also has a loving wife (Jada Pinkett Smith) and has two children (Camille LaChe Smith and Imani Hakim). He also lets his parents stay in his huge apartment in New York City. But somehow, he feels his life is a bit empty. A normal day in the city, he sees his old college roommate Charlie Fireman (Adam Sandler). That Alan hasn't seen Charlie in years. When Alan tries to make friends with Charlie again. Charlie is a lonely and depressed man who hides his true feelings from the people who take care of him. Since Charlie unexpectedly loses his family in a plane crash, they were on one of the 11 September 2001 planes. When Alan almost feels comfortable with Charlie. When Alan mentions things from his past, Charlie becomes violent against Alan or anyone who mentions his dead family. Now Alan tries to help Charlie and tries to make his life a little easier. But Alan finds that making Charlie talk about his true feelings is harder than expected. <br /> <br /> Written and directed by Mike Bender (Blankman, Indian Summer, The Upside of Anger) he produced a wonderfully moving human drama in those moments of sadness, truth and comedy. Sandler offers an impressive dramatic performance, which Sandler offers more in his dramatic role than he did in Paul Thomas Anderson's Punch-Drunk Love. Cheadle is excellent as usual. Pinkett Smith is fine as a supportive wife of Alan, Liv Tyler is also as good as the young psychiatrist and Saffron Burrows is quite as good as the strange and lonely beautiful woman who has a wild crush on Alan. This film was unfortunately a disappointment at the box office, despite having had some excellent reviews. The cast is top notch, the script and the director are wonderful and Russ T. Alsobrook's fantastic Widescreen film. The film has great places in New York, which the film makes New York a beautiful city to look at in the picture. <br /> <br /> The DVD has a clear anamorphic Widescreen transfer (2.35: 1) and a good Dolby Digital 5.1 surround sound. DVD also a jam session with Sandler & Cheadle, a featurette, photomontage and previews. I expected more for the DVD features like an audio track commented by the director and deleted scenes. "Reign Over Me" is certainly one of the best films released this year. I'm sure this film was great on the big screen. Which unfortunately I didn't have the chance to see him in a theater. But it's also the kind of movie that sounds good on DVD. The film also has a good soundtrack and has many familiar faces in supporting roles and bit-parts. Even the director has a part like Byran Sugarman, who is himself an actor. "Reign Over Me" is one of the most underrated images of this year. It's also Sandler's best film in my "The Wedding Singer" taste. Not to be missed. Widescreen HD. (**** 1/2 on *****).
