Most of those who go to this film will have an idea of ​​what it is; A man loses his entire family and even his dog on a flight from Boston that fateful morning of 11 September 2001. What you probably don't know before seeing this film is this: how he would feel; What do you do with this; and how will this affect you and how you relate to each waking day? The story unfolds painfully slowly from the gate and then pleasantly warms up as it gains some speed while the recently renewed relationship between dentist Alan Johnson, (Don Cheadle) and former roommate Charlie Fineman, (Adam Sandler) it solidifies and begins to take shape. The characters appear in this film whose presence initially seems mandatory and not well developed, but in fact, stay with this story, and discover that the simplicity of each character is what makes this story credible - and accurate. Real people live in a real situation where they can do very little, but put themselves aside while one of them disintegrates. Is the pain in Charlie's soul subtly evident from the first introduction and grows as we learn more about his character, brilliantly revealed by Sandler, as layers of an onion ?? one layer at a time with lightness and weight combined. It's such a subtle performance that it insinuates you and enters your head as you look at it on the screen. Alan Johnson of Cheadle is just as thin and very Don Cheadle. Always watchable, the ease that is evident when Cheadle's screen talks about his skillful acting skills. Alan's relationship with Charlie Fineman is delicate, just as the situation would require. Fineman does not want friendship, nor someone who intrudes on his secluded life and yet, the nice quality that Alan possesses is simple and honest enough to intrigue even a recluse like Charlie. It is Alan who has the task of cautiously opening Charlie's carefully sealed life. There is an inherent danger in the process. More Alan pushes Charlie to open up, going so far as to involve the services of his friend and psychologist Angela Oakhurst, (Liv Tyler) closer to the danger of pushing Charlie over the edge. It is an abyss that Charlie hatches in every single waking moment and in what he has learned to navigate through pure negation. He denied everything that previously existed for him to exist with his loss. Unfortunately, his pain is something he cannot deny. Sandler retreats so deeply into the pain of his character during the course of the story that, the moment he meets his demons head-on, the viewer shares his pain in almost the same way. Alan stands next to Charlie in this exact process, threatening to deceive his perfect home life - handled with admirable grace and efficiency by his wife Janeane. (Jada Pinkett Smith) While tending to Charlie's recovery, Alan looks in and acknowledges his own silent cries to the death of the independence he once possessed and to the boy he lost by becoming a man. His reward for Charlie's help is helping himself to reconnect with what he lost. The theme is very similar to The Fisher King; another story of a man who isolates himself to the point of madness from pain and loss. Like The Fisher King, the story ends with the traditional, there is a theme for someone for everyone. Lidia Sinclair of Reign Over Me (played by the wonderful Amanda Plummer in The Fisher King) is Donna Remar, (Saffron Burrows) a woman on the verge of collapse and Johnson sketched out, who turns out to be the only one unstable enough to complete Borderline Insanity of Charlie. It's a good ending to the story, but probably the only element will probably sound true. Then again, maybe there really is someone for everyone. Devorah Macdonald Vancouver, BC
