I have never participated in "Reign Over Me" knowing exactly what to expect from the director or from history. The plot was easy enough to understand, I suppose. The whole family of this guy died on September 11th, and closes the world out of his life. Alright. I did not know if he would have used the attachment to terrorism as a platform to talk about this or other problems related to it, and in reality it is not at a very obvious level, so if you are afraid of being surrounded by political opinions that may be different from yours, I wouldn't worry about it. I think the script also made a point of not explicitly mentioning "the eleventh of September". <br /> <br /> Overall, I was impressed. It was a very moving image. The film has a sense of humor, and it's very clear, but it's definitely a drama that counts. Generally I don't like to think that comedians are incapable of acting, but sometimes, let's be honest, they are. Adam Sandler is absolutely capable of it (and although I think so, you might disagree, Jim Carrey is also very skilled ... sometimes). The portrait of Sandler by Charlie Fineman has taken a character that at the surface seems completely unreal and makes it absolutely credible. I have read many reviews that have criticized the writing of Alan Johnson (Don Cheadle in another excellent role, if not what looks similar to some of his most recent photos) wife, well played by Jada Pinkett Smith, who defines her as static and boring , but this is completely false. <br /> <br /> It has depth, but a part hides behind the main story, which occasionally goes adrift. (Which also reminds us of some very unusual transitions made at the beginning of the film, with a strange fade "Make everything out of focus". After about the first 40 minutes, they are no longer used. Perhaps it is significant for the characters' perspective, artistically , or perhaps they simply realized how irritating it was.) The film gradually begins to reveal to us the point (one of many, but certainly the most explicit) in history, which is that sometimes people have to face pain in their own way. Perhaps it seems to us unorthodox, perhaps it seems decidedly unhealthy, but perhaps what some people want more than anything else is just forgetting. To exist alone. The soundtrack of the film was excellent and used music to pursue and amplify moods, rather than to establish them, which gives credit to the actors and writers. <br /> <br /> The film takes its name from the song "Love, Reign O'er Me", outside the rock opera of Who's, Quadrophenia. The song itself is quite insignificant compared to the actual story, but it is used forcefully in the film during the climax and at the end. The film is set well, and does not seem to drag itself along its length, which is a little over 2 hours. If you can accept the portrait of Adam Sandler of this deeply broken and destroyed man, you will like the movie. You will feel entangled in the story and sincerely feel the characters in every minute. It is not the best film of the year, and there is nothing innovative or positive about it, but it is a very enjoyable and watchable film, all things considered.
