On September 11, 2001, millions were killed; but 2,819 lives ended in a particularly gruesome way. They were victims of an air hijacking by extremists whose only mission was to destroy buildings, but above all people. This film analyzes in depth four people whose lives have been interrupted by this disastrous event and by a man whose life has been destroyed by the loss of their lives. <br /> <br /> Charlie Fineman (played by Adam Sandler), a former dentist who lives in New York, loses his wife and three children on 9/11 while they were headed to Los Angeles. Emotionally destroyed by events, in the end he loses contact with all those who remind him of his previous life; including in-laws and his best friend (played, respectively, by Robert Klein, Melinda Dillon and Mike Bender). He refuses completely and does his best to forget his previous life. This continues until he meets his old college friend Alan Johnson (played by Don Cheadle) that Fineman seems not to remember. The two begin to recover, but Fineman believes that Johnson was sent by people from his previous life to convince him to find help. Slowly, but surely, Fineman regains his trust for Johnson. <br /> <br /> While all this is happening, Alan Johnson's life is going wrong. It is a self man (dentist) who helps you start a dental practice. One day, a patient of her name Donna Remar (played by Saffron Burrows) tries to make a move on him, telling him that she would like to have oral sex for him. This is an unwelcome surprise to Dr. Johnson because he is a married man with two children. While he is returning home from work on a particular workday, he sees his old friend (Fineman) and tries to knock him out. He has no success, but he gets another chance and convinces Fineman to get a coffee with him to recover, despite the fact that Fineman doesn't know who he is. <br /> <br /> One of the most interesting things about this film is its use of music as a motif. One of Fineman's physiological clutches is music, particularly Springsteen and other classic rock artists. When asked Fineman to talk about his past or things he finds unpleasant, he wears earphones and drowns the world with the things of his music. <br /> <br /> When the film is finished, I had I think: how could I bear the loss of my family? How I would like to deal with such tragic events. It's something we don't think about too often. We always think they will be there and we often take them for granted, whether we understand it or not. We usually understand how important they are when it is too late; and such a blow can destroy someone physically, emotionally and physiologically. I really don't know how I could handle something like this. Would I tackle the problem head-on, cope, and get on with my life or would I put on my headphones and block the world?
