From time to time, it seems that Hollywood comedians surprise me with their talent as dramatic actors: first it was Robin Williams ('One Hour Photo (2002)'}, then it was Jim Carrey ('Eternal Sunshine ?? (2004) 'be an example}, then Will Ferrell (' Stranger than Fiction (2006) '} and now Adam Sandler. Yes, that's absolutely right: the guy who based an entire career in making mindless comedies, goofball {I'm not complaining "I've always been a fan}. He finally gave me a performance he can be proud of. Sure, some readers will be wondering what happened to 'Punch-Drunk Love (2002),' but I can only assure you it's a movie I'm currently taking steps to see as soon as possible, since I felt it was formidable.My first film by director Mike Binder, "Reign Over Me", is an intelligent and respectful exploration of pain and friendship. the plot alq is lost in the too familiar territory so predictable it turns out to be surprisingly deep and moving, with Sandler and Don Cheadle giving memorable shows. <br /> <br /> Alan Johnson (Cheadle) is a successful dentist with a good family, although he finds himself unable to communicate adequately with his wife (Jada Pinkett Smith) and therefore his marriage is a bit shaky. Charlie Fineman (Adam Sandler) is Alan's former college friend, a man who lost his entire family in the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks and who is still facing his overwhelming feelings of grief. A disheveled figure with messy hair and low eyes (often compared in appearance to Bob Dylan), Charlie has abandoned his career in dentistry and spends his time in solitude: listening to music with headphones that eliminate all the sound from the outside world , driving around Manhattan with his motorized scooter, immersing himself in fantastic video games and repainting his kitchen in the apartment repeatedly according to the last wishes of his deceased wife. When Alan and Charlie meet for the first time in years, the latter does not even recognize an old friend, having completely abandoned all memories before his paralyzing experience. Indeed, in the beginning he does not even recognize the existence of his family, and suddenly he loses his temper whenever someone suggests seeking counseling. <br /> <br /> Initially, it might seem a bit exploitative to filmmakers using the 9/11 attacks as a storytelling device. After all, wouldn't it be as devastating if Charlie's family died in a normal car accident? However, if we consider that the director's intention was to demonstrate the enormous pain caused to ordinary citizens by the tragedy, then "reigning over me" does a great job. It is easy to be so caught up in insignificant statistics that the emotional costs of terrorist attacks are neglected; this is the first 9/9-oriented film that I saw that really faced the suffering of those who weren't even involved, whose only anguish was caused by the loss of those they loved. Adam Sandler shows a surprising range in a difficult role, which would have crumbled if he had not been up to the task. Taking instant joy, anger and depression, Charlie Fineman is a man with whom we can deeply sympathize, an empty soul that, thanks to the company of an old friend, can finally see the light at the end of a dark and squalid tunnel .
