There could be spoilers! <br /> <br /> Charlie Fineman (Adam Sandler), who lost his family in a tragedy (the September 11 terrorist attacks), continues to suffer from their death. He runs into his former college roommate, Alan Johnson (Don Cheadle), and they rekindle their friendship. Alan vows to help his old friend come to terms with the terrible loss. This is a simplification of the basic story of Reign Over Me. <br /> <br /> This film is, however, a story of how fate intercedes in our lives when we ourselves could be powerless to do anything about our states to be. Alan is stuck in a life that he knows is no longer satisfying. He feels without friends and without contact with his own reality. He is unable to communicate with his wife and colleagues at work. He cannot express his feelings and consequently feels lost and distant from his own world. He has chances on Charlie on the streets of Manhattan while driving from his job. Eventually he meets and discovers that Charlie, (who originally does not remember Alan), lives in a false reality. Charlie came back at a time in his life when he didn't have a family. He lives as if he were still a student who plays in a rock band, collects vinyl records from 60s and 70s bands and plays video games. He has escaped from a better and safer time in his life where there are no villains and has much less to lose. Everyone in this film is influenced in some way by the tragedy that struck Charlie and his remission in a previously different and better place (?). His landlady is his protector and great facilitator. His in-laws are removed from his life because they would bring him back to the reality that his family has now come out of his life. And Alan is more impressed by him because Alan wants (at first a selfish desire to escape from his own reality) to be with Charlie as a means to escape his stifled reality and then wants to find a way to help Charlie recover from the sense of guilt and denial of self-induced loss. It is through this relationship that Charlie is not only able to start healing himself, but that Alan, in fact, learns to communicate and satisfy his true desires with his colleagues at work and, in the end, is able to admit to his wife who has not been able to communicate his true feelings to her but who he strongly wants because he loves her. Actually it's a touching moment in the film when the stuff hit the fan and Charlie is faced with the reality of being put away that he and Alan are talking about the situation along with "Chinese" that Charlie claims is in fact worried about Alan and not for himself. <br /> <br /> This movie, if you leave it, will make you cross a river of emotions and leave you thinking. It will make you laugh at how Charlie uses his words, like people do in everyday life, to make a comic statement about a real situation. It will leave you on the verge of tears, (in my case of real tears), when Charlie will face his pain and begin to deal with his tremendous loss. And that in reality the tragic reality is his guilt and the loss has never really abandoned him and he has faced it in the only way he knew: rejection. It will make you curse the cold and unreasonable actions of a young prosecutor who tries to win his "case" (as I actually did at the Charlie hearing!) And it will make you smile at the good sense of an old and wise and severe judge, (Donald Sutherland who is very good in his distinguished short role and gives the best interpretation of a wise and strict person in the legal profession since Wilford Brimley performed an Assistant Attorney General in the absence of Malice.) <br /> <br /> film was also surprising for me for other reasons: (1) I never looked at my watch once during the screening of the film. Which means that I had me from start to finish, (2) Although the cast was interracial, this was not important for interpreting the roles of the characters in the film. The race had no weight in the execution of the roles in this film. Extraordinary people can actually interact with this fact that is brought out! and (3) the only real reference to 9/11 is when Charlie's financial lawyer refers to the tragedy of losing Charlie as "what Charlie had become 9/12". Time will be the true test of how this film will emerge in the future, but if the purpose of a film is not only to entertain, but to make people think and make that film stay with you long after you leave the theater, then Reign Over Me Phenomenal success for me. I have not forgotten this wonderful film that stimulates thought and I will look forward to the day when I can buy it as a DVD.
