Reign Over Me is a success due to the powerful work of Adam Sandler and Don Cheadle. While dramatic comedians have been seen as a kind of distraction, Sandler is no stranger to playing more serious roles. Most of the characters he plays have an unstable temper and a vulnerability that can explode at any moment. It could even be converted to characters for characters with hidden anger problems. However, this performance has considerable dramatic weight, unlike his roles in less comical dishes like Punch-Drunk Love and Spanglish. <br /> <br /> In the film, Alan Johnson (Cheadle) meets his old college roommate, Charlie Finerman (Sandler), who he hasn't seen for several years. Five years earlier, Charlie suffered the crushing loss of his wife and three daughters in a plane crash. Charlie barely recognizes the character of Cheadle due to the repression of his memories and the consequent childish and solitary lifestyle from the incident. It is not until Alan persists in involving him in a conversation that Charlie remembers who he is. Their renewed relationship that follows will allow Finerman to have a friend who does not talk about his loss, eventually allowing him to face the thoughts and feelings he has suppressed under his conditions. <br /> <br /> Even if writer-director Mike Binder doesn't show much about the sense of an individual style and some of his shots and transitions are a bit awkward, he has the ability to get decent outstanding results from his actors despite being a talented and funny writer. He shot this film with a digital camera, as filmmakers do more and more today, allowing the crew to shoot night scenes with limited lighting. This focused on the colorful backgrounds of New York City, but led to the creation of frequent digital grains, which look like scattered blue dots and move across the screen. <br /> <br /> Almost all the main characters of Reign Over Me give a great performance. Jada-Pinkett Smith and especially Liv Tyler are memorable in their respective roles as a frustrated wife for Cheadle and a psychiatrist. However, it is Sandler and Cheadle who give some of their best work to date. They completely owned this movie. Sandler actually plays a character that does not resemble or act outside himself, partly attributed to his Bob Dylan wig. Although the character of Cheadle has more screen time than Sandler, both should be considered major roles, as both support and help each other throughout the film. <br /> <br /> Music also plays an important role in this film, in particular the song "The Reign Over Me" or "Love, Reign O'er Me" by The Who, and later covered by Pearl Jam. In one of the film's most powerful moments, Binder shows Sandler the use of music to exclude his feelings and memories, but this particular song provokes an emotion so intense that rather than diminishing his anger, he incites his emotions. All in all, Reign Over Me is a funny, sad, yet often funny movie, driven by his extraordinary performances.
