Love Hurts. This, I think, is the main message that brings the new Mike Binder Reign Over Me movie. If that love caused your relationship to stagnate, or brought anger from what you love to cheat for years, or broke your heart to the point of not being able to open up to the world, love hurts. The great thing about this film, however, is not in his portrayal of these lost souls trying to let their broken hearts go, but in the eventual restart of new bonds for the future. No one in this drama is perfect; they are all to some extent emotionally trapped in relationships that they cannot free themselves on their own. There is some very heavy material here and I attribute to Binder the merit of never having transformed the story into a political diatribe, but instead of instilling in the serious moments the beautiful comic pieces that allowed the story to remain based on the characters and small size compared to the epic event that looms overhead. What could have become a trivial vehicle for opinions on how September 11 hit us all, ends up being a story of two men and a connection that they share that is the only thing that can save their lives from a life of depression and regrets. br /> <br /> This is a new career performance for Adam Sandler. I like to think that my favorite director, Paul Thomas Anderson, was the first to see childish and repressed anger in his stupid comedies as something to be used dramatically. The youth of a character like Billy Madison allows laughter and potty humor, but can it also be used to show a repressed, shy and shutout man for the world around him ?? a man without trust who needs an event of compassion to break him from his shell. Anderson lets Sandler do just that in his masterpiece Punch-Drunk Love and Mike Binder took it a step further. Sandler plays the former dentist Charlie Fineman, whose wife and three children were killed in one of the planes that destroyed the World Trade Center on September 11th. That moment crushed every life he had and as a result, he became lonely and began to believe that he could not remember anything of what happened before that day. Really makes a moving portrait of a man who tries to keep the charade high in his head while those around him, those who love him, try to open him to the reality of what happened and what the future holds. Always ready and ready to shoot at any time when something is mentioned to light up the memory of his perennial family, he goes through life with his iPod and headphones, closing everything down so as not to be tempted to remember. <br /> <br /> Reign Over Me is not about Charlie Fineman, it's about the dentist and the family man Alan Johnson. A man who is trapped in a marriage and in a dental practice that both have stagnated in monotony, Johnson needs as much help in his life as his old college roommate Charlie does. Perfectly played by the always brilliant Don Cheadle, Johnson lost his spine to try to change his life. He has no friends and when he sees Charlie, by chance, one day, his life evolves into something he hasn't heard in 15 years. He enjoys being able to go out with an old friend, no matter how much he has changed since the death of his family. Cheadle's character wants to go back to college to walk around and Sandler doesn't care because everything was there before he met his wife. The two men get what they want and let them approach despite the years of loneliness that used to govern their lives. Once they begin to open up however, it is inevitable that the subject of the tragedy will creep in and witness the facade they have created for themselves. <br /> <br /> The supporting cast does a fantastic job helping to keep up appearances for the two leads. Jada Pinkett Smith was never an actress who impressed me and for the whole movie she played hard like a wife with nails, but it's her final scene on the phone with Cheadle that really showed me something different and true. Liv Tyler is a little out of her psychiatric element, but the film calls her about this fact and does miscasting, perfect casting. Even the many small cameos are effective, even the role of writer / director Mike Binder as the old best friend and accountant of Sandler (my only complaint is because he feels the need to put his name in the credits as an actor when he is everywhere , considering that it is his film). Last but not least is the beautiful Saffron Burrows. She is a great actress and plays the divorced woman crushed by love trying to put her life together wonderfully. A role that at first seems comical, but that ends up being an integral aspect of what's to come. <br /> <br /> Binder has made one of the best studies on dramatic characters I've seen in a long time. The direction is almost flawless, (the blurring between the cuts and the foreground / background characters annoyed me at the beginning), the superb acting, and the true story to itself, without ever taking the easy way or wrapping it up ordered bow tied to the conclusion. The music was also fantastic and was used to improve, not to guide us emotionally, (because after two great uses of the song titled The Who did Binder feel the need to use the lower Eddie Veddar remake for the end, I don't know , but unfortunately it stayed out for me). Reign Over Me is a film about love and how, although it can cause the worst pain imaginable, it can also save us from regret and allow us to once again see the world as a place of beauty and hope.
