This film was shown last night at Austin's Paramount Theater as part of the SXSW Film Festival. We were honored by the presence of director Mike Binder and stars Adam Sandler and Don Cheadle who asked questions about the audience after the film. It's a remarkable and powerful film about what it's like to get lost and start to find your way back. The performances are phenomenal and the story manages to be both tragic and fun in a way that is too rare. (The movie trailer is trying too hard to emphasize the comic aspects.) <br /> <br /> This is a key role for Adam Sandler. While he started moving to more dramatic roles with Punch-Drunk Love and Spanglish, this role is a significant step forward for him as a dramatic actor. He deserves an Oscar nomination as he continues to move to more dramatic roles like Tom Hanks and Jim Carrey. In this role, he seemed to be trying to channel Dustin Hoffman into Rain Man. Although playing an autistic man is certainly very different from Sandler's traumatized character, both characters for different reasons are trapped in their worlds of childhood isolation and confusion. <br /> <br /> Don Cheadle's performances are less surprising, but only so good. After Hotel Rwanda and Crash, we expect extraordinary performances in Cheadle tones. He has the qualities of sincerity and honesty that manifest themselves in this role. But he too is destroyed and in trouble if not in such profound ways as Sandler's character. Cheadle is struggling with difficulties both in his marriage and in his professional life as a dentist. Together, the characters played by Cheadle and Sandler struggle to heal each other as true friends often do (in a way that reminds me of Matt Damon and Robin Williams in Good Will Hunting). Both are looking for the part of themselves that they have lost and are trying to find it again. <br /> <br /> Reign over Me is one of the best major studio films to be released this year. The soundtrack, which is almost another character in the plot, is wonderful. Even the shooting in the streets of New York - a city that has suffered a great tragedy and which also had to be treated - are also quite beautiful. The secondary roles of Jada Pinkett Smith, Liv Tyler, Saffron Burrows (in a very strange role), Donald Sutherland and Mike Binder are all pretty good. <br /> <br /> The writer / director Mike Binder has really delivered a story that so many will be able to connect on numerous levels. This is a story about pain, family, healing, male friendship, mental health and the meaning of love. Reigning over me does not disappoint. The film is almost hypnotic because it draws you into the lives of its characters. Hollywood would have a much better reputation if he made more character-centered movies like Reign over Me.
