Everyone is certainly familiar with this famous story ?? a heartless businessman is visited by the ghost of his dead partner on Christmas Eve and warned that if he continues in his indifferent ways he will be sentenced to a life after death in chains. So that he can avoid his partner's fate, he is visited by three spirits who show him past, present and yet to come Christmas visions, so he hopes to see the error of his ways before it's too late. A rather morbid story that you might think, but it's the classic Charles Dickens, and also one of the most famous and popular Christmas stories of all time. <br /> <br /> For me this is the definitive version of Dickens timeless story; that's what I always remember watching at school, and I remember being absolutely terrified! The ghost of Jacob Marley, the final scene with the ghost of the Christmas present under the bridge, and the ghost of Christmas yet to come, in particular, I found very scary. Why did the film get the "U" certificate? (For non-British readers 'U' is the lowest classification, it means family and children welcome, nothing to scare them etc ... This is certainly not the case though, as some younger children will no doubt find the final segment positively terrifying with the sad specter of the future of Christmas. <br /> <br /> Whatever the case, from the many versions of this classic story I saw adapted for cinema, this is probably the most faithful to the book. The most important is a segment that is rarely seen in the film adaptations of the original text - that of the ghost of the Christmas gift that shows Scrooge the two children hidden under his robe (you would never be able to escape with such a scene nowadays!). children represent Ignorance and Need (even if they have changed in Will in this film.) However, criticism for me becomes evident after looking at it again with more objective and trained eyes, the principal and of which is that George C. Scott's portrait of Scrooge simply seems not cold enough. He laughs too much. I don't want to use the word joker because obviously Ebeneezer is anything but, it seems to be simply a grumpy old man, rather than the decidedly unkind, cold and indifferent man who is in the book and in other films. Patrick Stewart played it excellently in one of the more recent versions shot, and Michael Caine, despite acting alongside the Muppets, was decidedly cold. Furthermore, the development of the character during the film while learning more about the error of his ways and growing towards redemption is not convincing and appears incoherent. It seems to have changed just before it reaches the final lesson of the third spirit. <br /> <br /> But ignoring this quirk (even if important), it is still a fascinating Christmas tale and, ultimately, that warms the heart, as all Christmas movies should be. London, of course, looks like the picturesque and picturesque picturesque snow-covered English town that many Americans probably imagine it to be still (the truth is that even then London was gray and filthy and that the snow would never have been so white!) And everyone is dressed so impeccable, even the poor seem rather elegant. But of course it's a Christmas movie, so why shouldn't it all look so good? Perfect vision of the Christmas holidays; coupled with copies of It's a Wonderful Life, Miracle on 34th Street and The Snowman and you have everything you need.
