This modern noir film with its clouded humor and dizzying series of twists offers a story full of surprises, dangerous characters and excellent entertainment from start to finish. It is impossible not to empathize with the honest and unpretentious hero or be gripped by the way he tries to get out of the terrible situation in which he finds himself, so all you can do is fasten your seat belt and enjoy the ride. <br /> <br /> The story of a normal boy who makes a wrong decision and then discovers that the repercussions push him into an uncontrollable sequence of events from which he is unable to extricate himself is pure noir. The same applies to the themes of murder, deception, corruption and duplicity that are pervasive everywhere. There are also many of the well-known noir visual motifs, such as the way cigarette smoke is lit, rainy streets at night, heavily shaded interiors and shadow lines (created by folding doors) on the faces of people. /> <br /> Michael Williams (Nicolas Cage), a wounded war veteran with no money or work, stops at a bar in Red Rock, Wyoming and is mistaken by the owner Wayne Brown (JT Walsh) for a hitman who is willing to employ to kill his wife Suzanne (Lara Flynn Boyle). Michael, a naturally reticent person, does nothing to disinterest Wayne of his misunderstanding, especially because he could use a job and at first he doesn't realize what he expected to do. After learning what his mission is and being given a $ 5,000 advance, he goes to see Suzanne and warns her about Wayne's plan. He does not seem overly concerned about the danger he is in and offers Michael twice the share Wayne offered him for him to eliminate her husband. <br /> <br /> Michael decides to take the money he had received from both sides and leave the city. However, his plan fails when he accidentally drives a man in the middle of the street and decides to take him to the hospital for treatment for his injuries. At the hospital, things get complicated when it turns out that the patient is Suzanne's lover and has two bullets in his stomach. This leads to involving local law enforcement and the revelation that Wayne is the sheriff !! From this point on, things get even more complicated and even more dangerous, especially when the real killer arrives, Lyle from Dallas (Dennis Hopper). <br /> <br /> "Red Rock West" has great moments of suspense, (an example of this is the scene in which Michael makes his escape from Wayne's bar) and also some great performances by his very strong cast . Nicolas Cage's expressions are extremely natural and convincing as he reacts to a variety of situations with anxiety, surprise or uncertainty and J T Walsh is also particularly good as a deceiving character who always hides more than he is actually saying. Dennis Hopper is intensely threatening as the vicious contract killer (a role he plays with great enthusiasm) and Lara Flynn Boyle seems appropriately cold and calculating like the femme fatale. Dwight Yoakam also provides good support and moments of humor in his cameo role as a senseless truck driver. <br /> <br /> Incredibly, "Red Rock West" was originally intended to be denied a general film release, but has rightly emerged from its modest beginnings to finally be recognized as the great movie that it really is.
