A delightful old-style thriller that approaches as a cross between Alfred Hitchcock and David Lynch, "Red Rock West" follows the misadventures of the wounded unemployed oil worker, Mr. N. Cage, while his fortune turns into evil after he finishes with an empty gas tank and barely enough money for a cup of coffee in a single city in the back of over. It has been established from the beginning that Mr. Cage may be down but he is not out, and could be broke, but he will not steal, even in his current circumstances. Consequently when it is exchanged by Mr. J.T. Walsh for the man he commissioned to kill his wife, Mr. Cage calls his wife to warn her of her husband's intentions. In turn she, in the person of Miss LFBoyle, offers him even more money to kill Mr. Walsh. Mr Cage decides to leave while he is still in front, but while he is leaving the city he hits a man on the road. Feared as it might be to go by car, he takes the man to the hospital, where it turns out that he was shot. Cage is held by Deputies who call the sheriff who turns out to be Mr. JTWalsh. The events make a further complicated turn when, escaping custody, Mr.Cage avoids being hit by the real killer who is about to fulfill his commission. At this point you might be forgiven for thinking "enough already", but as it happens on the screen it seems a completely logical turn of events, the narrative flow of the film at this point seems unstoppable. Mr. D. Hopper is quietly chosen as a hired assassin, like Mr. Cage, a veteran of the USMC. This small fragment of serendipity keeps Mr. Cage alive long enough to make one think of the murderous trio and survives, a little more battered but still in the state of offspring. It is a tribute to all those involved in the fact that what sounds on paper remarkably similar to a piece of absurdity is in fact an exceptionally well done picture with excellent all-round performance. "Red Rock West" is a movie - movie for lovers. Within five minutes you know you are going to a place where you have been on many occasions, but you will be very happy during the journey.
