What we have here is a bloody little ninety thriller that, although perhaps lacking in substance, still offers great fun throughout the running time and overall does everything a film of this nature could wish for. I saw this film mainly because it was directed by John Dahl - an underrated director behind great thrillers like The Last Seduction, Rounders and Roadkill. I thought that if this film lived up to what I already saw from the director, it would have been worth watching - and Red Rock West is definitely a movie that Dahl can be proud of. The plot focuses on the excessively moral Michael; a man who travels across America in search of work. He ends up finding him a day when he comes across a bar in Red Rock County - the only problem is that the job is to kill a man's wife. He was mistaken for a killer named Lyle, but instead of doing the job; plays both sides against each other and eventually plans to make an escape. However, his escape attempts are unsuccessful and he finds himself in a bad situation when the real Lyle shows up ... <br /> <br /> John Dahl seems to enjoy creating thrillers on the road; he did it three years earlier with Kill Me Again, and still almost a decade from this film with Roadkill. It's not hard to see why Dahl chooses this type of location, as it offers a fabulous atmosphere for a thriller like this. Dahl also gives his film a "film noir" atmosphere, as the plot focuses mainly on the central character and the word in which he is immersed is full of dark and mysterious characters. The acting is mostly very good, with Nicholas Cage doing an excellent job in the lead role and receiving class A support from Lara Flynn Boyle, J.T. Walsh and, of course, Dennis Hopper; which once again controls the screen with its top performance. It must be said that the second part of the film is not as compelling as the first, but Red Rock West is never boring and the way Dahl orchestrates the grand finale is excellent as all the main characters become a part of it. Overall, Red Rock West is a film you will hardly regret watching. It's exciting, and you can't ask for much more!
