Ealing Studios, a West London based film and film production company, claims to be the oldest film studio in the world. Although he has consistently produced films and television programs since the 1930s, his golden age was certainly between 1948 and 1955, when he produced a series of comic masterpieces, many of which played the great Alec Guinness. Such well-known titles include "Whiskey Galore! (1949)," Passport to Pimlico (1949), "Kind Hearts and Coronets (1949)," Lavender Hill Mob (1951), "The Titfield Thunderbolt (1953)" and 'The Ladykillers (1955).' One of Ealing Studio's most beloved films, "The Man in the White Dress", was published in 1951 and played by Alec Guiness in the role of Sidney Stratton, a brilliant inventor who designs an extraordinary fabric, an invention that unexpectedly makes it more enemy than friend. <br /> <br /> Sidney Stratton is poor and not appreciated, but he has scientific talent in great abundance, because of his underestimation, the only job he can get he is as a janitor or worker in any of the large textile factories, where he secretly undertakes his own experiments using the money and equipment of the company.After being discovered and expelled countless times, Sidney is convinced he is only a few weeks away from an important discovery scientific ch and will revolutionize the textile industry. Encouraged by his daughter Daphne (Joan Greenwood), the owner of the spinning mill Alan Birnley (Cecil Parker) is very interested in businesses in Sydney and agrees to finance any further work. After numerous failed attempts and some shocking explosions, Sidney finally reveals his extraordinary creation: an almost luminous white fabric that never gets dirty and never wears out. <br /> <br /> If Sidney thought his invention would be making him a hero, then he was deeply disappointed. The omnipotent leaders of the textile industry, led by the fragile Sir John Kierlaw (Ernest Thesiger), come together to ensure that the revolutionary invention, which could completely paralyze their activities, never enters large-scale production. Likewise, the humble workers in the workers' union hear about the creation of Sidney and also propose to cancel it from existence, fearing for their work. The inventor, however, is convinced that the lasting fabric will bring relief and happiness to many, and refuses to give in to the demand of others, despite being threatened with violence and having offered ₤ 250,000 in compensation. In all his problems to announce his invention to the media, only one person offers Sidney all his understanding and support, Birnley Daphne's daughter, who is engaged to another person, but falls in love with the situation anyway. Sidney. <br /> <"The Man in the White Suit" is an intelligent and exhilarating comedy, made great by a witty script (written by John Dighton, Roger MacDougall and director Alexander Mackendrick) and a bizarre and charismatic performance by an inimitable Alec Guinness. There are also some good-natured blows on capitalism and how large industries can hold back progress for the sake of their own monetary situations, although we can certainly see the arguments for both sides of the debate.
