In my mind the best of Ealing's comedies and one of my favorite movies of all time. The theme of the worker v. Management (with many discussions about unions and rights) perhaps comes out a bit in the film because it is no longer a topic much discussed, but this does not prevent "White Suit" from being a show that stops the classic. <br /> <br /> The plot, which speaks of a man trying to create a new revolutionary fabric that ends up stirring up the textile industry, does not seem exciting when written, but the film retains that essential spark of fantasy mixed with the reality that distinguishes it as a true comedy Ealing. The fabric repels dirt and can never wear down! The white suit that Alec Guinness wears throughout the second half becomes the fulcrum of several iconic images and sequences, such as Guinness that is able to use its indestructible thread to climb a sheer wall! The script is full of humor - "Are you okay?" "Yup." "Pity." - and the characterization is of the first order. I am always amazed by the wonderful direction of these films. The comedies of later times would adopt a mentality of "pointing the camera at the actors and letting it roll", but Ealing's films have always sought interesting lights, angles and innovations. This film is no exception. <br /> <br /> Of course, it is the cast that brings the material to dizzying heights. Alec Guinness gives a fantastically sober performance, with eyes that convey wonder, joy and crushing defeat whenever the story requires it. Stratton is a man unaware of anything but his work. Such an insular character may soon have become boring or irritating, but Guinness makes him likeable, so much so that the final stages of the film generate a real sense of urgency while Stratton tries to emerge into a world he wants to bury everything he has always worked for. Joan Greenwood plays another of her strong female roles and is an absolute delight to watch as usual, as Cecil Parker and the slimy Michael Gough are confused; everyone laughs without even trying. It is British understatement comic at its best. <br /> <br /> "The man in the white suit" is 81 minutes of pure brilliance, with a fantastic plot, great cast, witty spirit and healthy spirit of cynicism. Absolutely first class.
