One of the things that makes this Ealing comedy so outrageously fun is smart editing. The shots that would be considered absolutely essential to most modern comedies are deliberately omitted. (This is what was known as British understatement.) <br /> <br /> Three examples: a comic fight is modified in this way. Alec Guiness has invented a new fabric that will ruin the industry. Half a dozen businessmen invite him into their office to try to convince him to sign a contract that renounces his control of the fabric so that production can be suppressed. When he notices this, Guiness gets up and turns to the door. Two men get stuck. "Excuse me," he says quietly, taking a step forward. The two men move between Guinness and the camera. Cut. A secretary is sitting outside her desk. There is silence until the buzzer starts to signal it frantically. He takes the notebook and opens the door of the internal office where a noisy Donnybrook is in progress and the room is half destroyed. Guiness comes out of the open door. <br /> <br /> The following example would be unthinkable today. During the research phase of his invention Guiness creates an elaborate chemical apparatus but, instead of converting the experimental liquid into the new tissue, the device explodes. Again and again it explodes. The lab is cleared of all other jobs. The explosions continue. The ceilings fall. The windows are skipped. The research director is sitting at his desk in a tiny office littered with debris, a bandage on his head. When the door behind him opens, he jumps a foot in the air. "Sit down," he says to his visitor, "there is another one at any time." It's excruciatingly funny - and there's not a single blow of explosions. This would be unimaginable now without a fireball, and perhaps a building collapsing in slow motion. <br /> <br /> The latest example, consisting of a series of rapid and relentless cuts, put together precisely. Guinness is pursued and is cornered in the lobby of an office building by people who want him to sign the contract. Faced with two men who are about to experiment with him, Guiness retreats with a determined expression. He bangs against a pedestal with an iron bust. The bust falls backwards and slams against the wall. There is a shot that lasts about a second of the bust that hits the wall. Another short shot of a metal shield hanging over the bust was thrown and fell. Quick cut to the head of Guiness that rises in the frame. Cut to the two men staring at the camera while horrible brass blasts and thunderous sounds are heard off the screen. Cut to Guiness flat on the back. No one today would have the cojones to NOT show Guiness that is crowned by that shield. <br /> <br /> I will not go on with this. It's a comedy, okay, but rather bitter under the hilarity. In solving a series of problems, Guinness has created dozens of others. It is opposed to both management and work, none of which is shown in a very advantageous way. And of course the economic implications have to do with something more than cloth. "How about that car that runs on water with a pinch of something or something?" one of the workers asks. "Acquired interests", another worker comments, while Thorstein Veblen nods in his grave. What would have happened if our energy problems were solved overnight? If I had shares in Exxon - and I think so - I would shudder at the thought. Where would the oil industry be if oil were no longer needed? After all, where would the police and FBI be if the crime suddenly disappeared? This is a thoughtful and very funny film, superbly directed and modified. The artists roster is unmatched. Joanne Greenwood with that hoarse voice. The ghostly Cecil Parker. The rattle mummified Ernest Thesiger. <br /> <br /> A first-rate job all around.
