THE MAN IN THE WHITE DRESS, AS I ALL RIGHT JACK, has a weak vision of both work and capital. Alec Guinness is a scientific genius - but eccentric (he never graduated because of a ... mistake ... accident in a university laboratory). He manages to go into the various industrial laboratories of the textile industry. When the film begins it is in the company of Michael Gough, and Gough (in a memorable moment) is trying to impress his aspiring father-in-law (Cecil Parker) by showing him the ship-shaped enterprise he manages. While dining with Parker's and Parker's daughter (Joan Greenwood), Gough receives a message about some problems related to unexpectedly large laboratory budget problems. He reads the enormous expenses (due to the Guinness experiments) and suffocates coffee. <br /> <br /> Guinness continues to work in Parker's studio and repeats the same tricks he did with Gough - but Parker finds out too. Greenwood has discovered what Guinness is working on and convinces Parker to continue the experiments (but now legally). The result: Guinness and his assistant have apparently figured out how to create an artificial fiber that can constantly change the electronic bonds within its molecular structure so that (for all intents and purposes) the fiber remains intact forever. Any fabric made from it will never fade, get dirty or wear out - it will last forever. <br /> <br /> Guinness has the support of a female store manager, but not her boss. He sees the Guinness as sold to the rich. But when he explains to them what he did, they turn against him. If everyone has clothes that will last forever, they won't need new clothes! Soon Parker's textile magnates (led by Gough, Ernest Theisinger - in a marvelous display, and Howard Marion-Crawford) are equally panicked at what could end their activities. They try to suppress the invention. With only Greenwood in his corner (although Parker sympathizes with him), Guinness tries to get the news of his discovery to the public. <br /> <br /> In the end, Guinness is defeated by science and greed. But he concludes the film by seeing the error in his calculations, and suppose one day he can still bring out his discovery, after all. <br /> <br /> It's a brilliant comedy. But is the argument for the suppression valid? At a certain point the fabric manufacturing difficulties are shown (you need to heat the threads at high temperature to effectively merge the ends of the material.) There is nothing to show that the fabric will stretch if the owner gets fat (or contract if the owner gets skinny.) Do we have to believe that people would just want a set of clothes forever? What happened to fashion changes and new styles? And the fabric is made only in white (making Guinness look like a white knight). We were told that the coloring should be added first in the process. Wouldn't it have an effect on the chemical reactions that maintain the structure of the fabric? <br /> <br /> Alas, this is not a scientific essay, but a film about the hypocrisy of work and capital in modern industry, as such it is brilliant, but those questions that I have mentioned continue to bother me about the validity of the suppression of the invention of Guinness
