"Deliverance" is a perfect example of what wonderful films have come out of the 70s. While your jaw is released during a "Terminator" movie, are you really sacred? I don't think so, because you're there to see what new CGIs have been put together - the plot doesn't matter. <br /> <br /> So many everyday situations can become terrifying for no reason, because there are so many people involved in everyday life - like a trip to the market ..... or a walk in a dark street. "Liberation" is SO scary, because those innocent actions can mortally turn into a heartbeat. Is it fun to venture into the woods? Anyone with this notion does not read the newspapers, look at the daily news, nor see any of the other films that describe the seriousness of "trespassing" into territories where strangers are not welcome. It is almost unbelievable that the "Deliverance" advanced dish did not inform almost everyone who saw that it was not a picnic, and "screaming like a pig" was not part of "Deulling Banjos". <br /> <I hate the term "hillbillies", because - as some "users" have written - which debases entire regions of people who are very happy to live as they know - without the interference of modern life. Much is made of "inbred" - which is not the peculiar sexuality of the woods. "Chinatown" should teach us that lesson. However, urban planners are extremely stupid for entering a closed society and giving them an attitude. I know a lot of "hillbillies" - they are moral people, if left to themselves. Their "justice" can be brutal when they feel threatened or humiliated, just like "justice" in the streets of the city. They don't need any part of the city - the city should take its canoe and camp in legal places. <br /> <br /> "Deliverance" was the last film in which I discovered that Jon Voight was acting in a real acting - I hope I'm wrong. He was extremely underpaid for "Midnight Cowboy" because he was unknown, but he showed that he could do that role at the fall of a hat. His acting in "Deliverance" was superb. He gave us a clear demonstration that ordinary people can move mountains, if necessary - but who wants to be thought of as "ordinary" today? His suppressed sob at dinner was brilliant. Wow! for Burt Reynolds !!! You have to ask yourself what brought him into those other tacky movies? His manhood, albeit misguided, in this film set the pace for the resistance needed to get out of the wild nature - not only in the woods, but in the wild nature of everyday life. Ned Beatty was stellar - his underwear may not have had "Versace" stitched on it, but his shock-shell performance was perfect. As noted, he became stronger than any other group at the end of the film. Ronny Cox played the moral man all the way - every man should have his determination to do what is right. Several "users" have theorized that he was hit, or lost his balance when he launched - into the river - my theory is that he was so disgusted with the whole trip, he committed suicide. No sound of a firearm was heard during the scene and Voight and Beatty did not find a wound. James Dicey certainly knows how to weave a suspense story and was as fantastic as the sheriff - he is said to have been so terrified of acting he came to the drunk set every day. His character could see the three canoes guilty of surviving, but he also knew he had no chance against a jury of the local population, no matter how kindly they were treated in "Aintry". He was also aware of the fact that the worst of the locals could be cruel. Justice? - "don't come back here". Not many "users" knew that the "hillbillies" were used in the film wherever it was possible - which actors could portray them better? The "mountain men" were actually mountain men ....... <br /> <br /> Every detail of this film was perfect - no doubt it was dangerous to play. Play inside? Better "fight for life" in. I've experienced some near-dangerous incidents, and I'm content to live out of the fray - you guys who feel that your rampaging manhood can have my share. <br /> <br /> We have absolutely killed - and we continue to do so - irreplaceable areas of this country in undeniable. Being able to see his greatness on any media is compelling, but leaves a bitter taste to realize that someone is not interested. Los Angeles, where I live, is a perfect example: it's built right in the wild animal territories and firmly believes that humans come before animals. These are their legitimate habitats - we should let them be just that. Does anyone wonder why coyotes, bears and wolves roam the neighborhoods? Are they. <br /> <br /> Somehow less threatening, we all need to experience the lessons to be learned from "Liberation" - to understand that our progress technologically does not lead to supremacy. I thank all those challengers in the city who came out into the desert to produce this modern classic, so that it could scare me to death when I look at it. You can experience the thrill of danger: I'll just watch TV. 30-out-of-10.
