Deliverance is John Boorman's 1972 horror / thriller film about a group of four Atlanta businessmen (Burt Reynolds, Jon Voight, Ned Beatty and Ronnie Cox), who take a canoe trip down the Cahulawassee before the river to be dammed. Along the way, a raft (no pun) of unpleasant things happens to men. Despite the bad events in this photo, Boorman captures the natural beauty of the river. The location was really well chosen. In fact, this would still be a very nice movie to see if the canoe trip went smoothly. The lush forests and gentle landscape make the horror just more horrible. Not only the location is scenic, but also beautifully resumed thanks to director of photography Vilmos Zsigmond. It has been said that Burt Reynolds' performance as the outdoorman, Lewis, is the protagonist of the film. I recognize however that Jon Voight steals the show with his role as a suburban family man, Ed, who is quickly forced to change his demeanor to survive. In fact, the scene where he climbed the cliff was not a stuntman. It was Voight himself. Filming was not guaranteed to cut costs and the actors did their stunts. The soundtrack is particularly noteworthy. The performance of Eric Weissberg and Steve Mendel on guitar and banjo as part of the Dueling Banjos sequence remains one of the most impressive pieces of the soundtrack of the history of cinema due to the intensity of his performance. At a couple of other points in the film, we are treated to a sweeter, more banjo music, which provides a very pleasant accompaniment to the journey along the river. For all the positive points of this film, I found it a bit lacking in purpose. It doesn't create suspense very well and it's not really as creepy as we've been led to believe. The plot itself is rather scarce and in reality it is not going anywhere. However, this film has enough good points to get my recommendation. I liked it, but for gore fans, there isn't much of it. No one really, actually. It is not so much a horror film as an adventure film that becomes a bit harsh. Think of it as Rambo: First Blood meets three men in a boat. He looks for a very young Charley Boorman as son of Ed. I liked this film, the soundtrack, the cinematography and the acting make it a deserved 7 out of 10.
