When a film upsets you with a disturbing and gloomy atmosphere, and grabs you by the throat with its extraordinary cinematography, you only know that you have run into a treat, a masterpiece of a film. Although with most modern movies, extremely entertaining like some, those that really impress you are the strongest, and are the ones that are most critically acclaimed and above all, they follow you for life. I say, with pride, that I am a fan of disturbing films, not just horror films, but those that convey an atmosphere full of presage. Movies like Breakdown and The Missing, which send a shiver down your spine, making you think of "holy crap, which could happen to me too", and visually attract you, are there with some of my favorite aspects in a movie. Since I'm only 21, I didn't grow up with actors like Burt Renyolds, Jon Voight and Ned Beatty, even though I was familiar with them, I didn't see them grow and act like actors, as opposed to actors like Shia LaBouf and Justin Long. I must say that after Deliverance's long advertising campaign and testimony for the first time, I was so admired by these veteran actors in a film made over 30 years ago, and still lives his terror in competition with modern movies. Burt Renyolds plays Lewis, the self-appointed macho leader of a group of four friends on a canoe trip down a fictitious river before a dam is made, filling the entire wilderness with water. The character of Renyolds is an experienced adventurer, a kind of absurdity and full of machismo. Watching him portray the hard, made me think differently about him as an actor, since I only saw him as an old moron or an angry politician. The dialogue the director provides for his character gives him enough malice to be shown as a strong and even intimidating leader. Ronny Cox and Ned Beatty respectively play as novice adventurers, Drew and Bob, participating in the fun of a canoe trip. The actor I really enjoyed watching was Jon Voight, once again I only saw him as an older actor, however, unlike Renyolds, I really liked Voight's acting (and I don't consider Anaconda when I say this) ), for example national treasure films. Voight plays Ed, who, like Lewis, is adept at venturing but is seen as a more reserved character, a reluctant hero / leader and certainly lacks Lewis's machismo. The film basically opens with the four driving in a small town as they ask to find someone to drive their cars at the bottom of the river as they canoe the rapids and camp along the river. You immediately get a creepy vibration from the hilly characters that are presented to us, like the imbrato kid who plays the infamous "Dueling Banjo's" at the beginning of the film with the character of Ronny Cox Drew; and even more the two mountain men in the film are key and disturbing scenes of rape. Like all atmospheric films, from this moment on, terror and confusion fill the characters and the audience and it is here that we see the characters take shape and change shape. The canoe trip that follows is expertly revived and it is from here that men fight against the human and natural chances of surviving. The films of the cinema do not stop, and I support that comment with the scene in which Ed fights one of the mountain men raping with a composite bow. While Ed falls on one of his arrows and notices that his enemy is approaching him, cocks his rifle, only to shoot at the ground while he falls with an arrow in his neck; It was possible the biggest piece of film shooting I saw in a movie. In conclusion, Deliverance is a film, those who are afraid and the atmosphere carry the atmosphere and up to this date, it remains one of the best films in the history of cinema.
