This is one of the greatest films ever made. It's an all-time classic. The character played by Ned Beatty undergoes one of the greatest screen transformations ever represented. He is a shallow, almost useless, overweight insurance salesman. He is proud of his ignorance, and yet he judges the "hobbyists backwards" as the ignorant. When he compliments the old man with the hat, and the old man replies, "you know nothing", "the tone is ready. It's true. He really" knows nothing "." But later an anal rape in backwood, the man he is practically a warrior. His false superficial courage is attenuated in a serious resolution. The old self died forever, left in some distant forest, soon below hundreds of feet of water. And what about Lewis, our intrepid guide? Lewis is a philosopher / hunter / warrior, and he is almost crazy. Burt Reynolds proved himself an actor back in 1972 in this film, dedicating himself completely to this wonderful role. Who would not want to have a friend like Lewis if he wanted to venture into the dangers of a forgotten / soon left behind from a world like the one in which our unfortunate travelers find themselves. This film speaks to us on so many levels. The story seems real. It works like a complete adventure / action, with a wonderful cinematography and a strong and strident rhythm. It works like a horror film, with the danger and the almost surrealism of the encounter with the vile rednecks that objectify their "sowing" Ned Beatty. But it also works as an art film, using incredible amounts of symbolism to convey truths that go to our core. I've seen this movie at least fifty times, and every time it comes, I find that I have to watch it. You have to watch it quite a few times to begin to understand it. This is a profound film. This is a well acted film. And this is a hellish story. I gave it a 10 out of 10 and I put it in my 10 most beautiful films ever, along with Schindler's List, Casablanca, Taxi Driver and Sling Blade, among others. Movies that make you think. Movies that take you beyond having to think. Movies that use a STORY to express their point, without trying to preach. If you think you know Deliverance, you may, but still, you may not. It's really so beautiful.
