Deliverance is an extraordinary thriller, just as exciting as any good thriller should be, but also scary for the stomach. Although it's not a horror movie, it's as terrifying as any other classic horror movie. The mere thought of being a normal red-blooded male enjoying a weekend of adventure from any form of civilization, only to be captured and sodomized by a couple of violent hillbillies, is certainly the worst nightmare of 99.9% of the population world. It would have been easy for Deliverance to slip into the territory of exploitation, but John Boorman intelligently avoided the temptation to follow such a path and he made a film that explores, questions and challenges the true meaning of masculinity. With so many movies, come away wishing for heaven that you can step into the hero's shoes, perform heroic deeds and save the day and get the girl ... but with Liberance, come away praying to God that you'll never have to experience that that these four protagonists cross. <br /> <br /> Four city boys - Ed (Jon Voight), Lewis (Burt Reynolds), Drew (Ronny Cox) and Bobby (Ned Beatty) - head for the wilderness to spend a few days canoeing in a fast river. The boys are riding the rapids in pairs, and Ed and Bobby inadvertently make themselves a little too far ahead of the others, so they approach the riverbank and await their friends in the adjacent woods. Here they fall into the fault of two local lumberjacks (Bill McKinney and Herbert Coward), who tie Ed to a tree, while one of them strips and rapes him, instructing him, perversely, to "scream like a pig". Lewis and Drew arrive invisible and Lewis, being a good archer, kills the rapist while the other hillbilly beats a hasty retreat in the forest. Under great emotional stress, the four canoeists decide to hide the event and leave the area. But they find the river increasingly dangerous to negotiate as they travel downstream, and the risk to their lives increases when the hillbilly survivor returns to take shots with his rifle from an invisible point of view in the rocky rocks beside the river. > <br /> Liberation is very powerful as a tale of survival, but even more powerful (and disturbing) when a study on male attitudes is torn apart and left in humiliated shreds. Although all the performances are remarkable, we must take into particular consideration the efforts of Beatty in a role that many actors would have refused. The film is very similar to the film in the 1971 film "Straw Dogs" - both films deal with terrifying sexual violence in isolated places, and in both the possible vengeance demanded by the victim does not result in any sense of satisfaction. The background of Deliverance's rugged countryside is beautiful to look at, but it also adds tension by putting the four canoeists in an environment where they are at the mercy of the hills and the landscape, without anyone being able to count on themselves. This is really suspenseful film at its best.
