You could stage a version of "A Christmas Carol" by Charles Dickens with stocking puppets and I'll probably watch it. Since I was a child, this has been one of my favorite stories. Perhaps it is the idea that there is good in all, and that therefore no one is beyond redemption, which attracts me, but for some reason I do not miss the opportunity to look at one of the many film adaptations of this classic without time when I'm on TV as inevitably I am this time of year. <br /> <br /> What makes this version truly remarkable is the funeral gravity that the cast brings to their respective roles. The lines we have heard dozens of times in the past take on a completely new intensity, and each character becomes more real and credible in the hands of this wonderful ensemble. <br /> <br /> George C. Scott was nominated for an Emmy in 1985 for this role. It is for his timeless merit that, rather than sleepwalker through this role often interpreted by Scrooge, he instead gave a new interpretation that was, in my opinion, one of his best performances ever. He did not attempt a British accent wisely, but he uttered his lines in that famous gravelly voice. His Scrooge is not simply an irritable old man (as portrayed so often), but a man who has a deep rage against the world. While being visited in turn by each of the Three Spirits, we understand how this anger has taken root, grown and eventually strangled his soul. While he is forced to review his life, we see him alternately softening, and then falling back into impenitent obstinacy. And in the great dramatic scene when he, kneeling and crying on his grave, begs for mercy as he tries to convince the third spirit of his repentance and desire to alter his life, we see a man who has been completely broken and carried to his knees literally and figuratively. Scott made Scrooge absolutely believable and painfully human. <br /> <br /> As impressive as Scott's performance, the supporting actor ensemble contributes significantly to the dark beauty of this release. Fred Holywell, Scrooge's nephew, is an excellent example of this. Often interpreted as an affable buffoon, here he is played by Roger Rees with an emotional intensity that is missing from previous portraits. When he begs Scrooge: "I ask nothing of you, I want nothing from you, why can't we be friends?", We see in his face not only his frustration, but his grief at Scrooge's self-imposed separation from his only living relative . It is a moving performance and one of the most dramatic scenes in the film. <br /> <br /> Even more magnificent is the performance of the wonderful British actor Frank Finlay in the role of the late Scrooge partner, Jacob Marley. In most versions of this story, the scene with Marley tends to be a bit of a low point in the film, simply because it is difficult to portray a dead man convincingly, and the results are usually simply silly (ooooh, look, it's a scary ghost film ....... not!) In this version, it is perhaps the most compelling scene of the whole film. Marley's entrance, while the locks on Scrooge's door open spontaneously and the sound of the chains that make the echo vibrate throughout the house, is wonderfully creepy. But Finlay's Marley is not an ethereal spirit. It is a tortured soul, which inspires both horror and pity. Marley may be a ghost, but his anger and regret for a life wasted in the pursuit of wealth, and his desperation to realize that his sins are now beyond reparation, are still very human. As interpreted by Finlay, we have no problem believing that even the inflexible Scrooge would be shaken by this nightmare appearance. Finlay really steals the scene here, something not easy to do when you're in front of George C. Scott. <br /> <br /> And it goes on and on, one remarkable performance after another, making it seem like you're experiencing this story for the first time. Edward Woodward (remember from the Equalizer?) He is as jovial and threatening as the ghost of the Christmas present. When he delivers the famous phrase, "it could be that in the presence of Heaven you are more useless and less apt to live than MILLIONS as the son of this poor man" is no longer a substitute for Santa Claus, but an avenging angel who gives Scrooge a very necessary verbal spanking. <br /> <br /> Susannah York is an incredibly harsh-speaking Lady Cratchit, and David Warner brings a wonderful depth to the ailing Bob Cratchit, a man who goes through life carrying poverty triple crosses, a sick child and a chief unbearable. His face alternately shows his cheerful courage, and also, at times, his tiredness, faced with intolerable circumstances. Later, in the scene where Scrooge is shown by the Ghost of Christmas Yet to Come the Cratchit family after Tiny Tim's death, Warner's performance, while barely uttering a word, will move you to tears.
