'Deliverance' is an epic condensation of a group of completely modern men who undertake a trip in a canoe to get in tune with nature, and instead they have to fight for their sanity, their lives and maybe even their souls. The film has aged well. Although it was made in the early seventies, it does not seem particularly dated. He still has a visceral punch and an iconic status as a dramatic shock-philosophical-cultural vehicle of the 1960s. There are very few films with similar conceptions that can be compared favorably to it, even if the legendary things of Sam Peckinpah should be up there. Yes, there has been a considerable debate and discussion on the film's most compelling scene (which I will not go into here) - and undoubtedly one of the most compelling scenes in the entire history of the cinema - but what surprises of this film is how painfully it is nice sometimes. This seems to be generally overlooked (but in retrospect quite understandably). The cinematography that captures the essence of the desolate, fragile river region is often absolutely astonishing, and counterbalances the film because, in a moment of brief madness, we viewers - together with the characters themselves - are immersed in a relentless nightmare. "Deliverance's narrative is justly slim and nervous, and the speed with which events take place from the point of establishment to the crisis and the day after is surprising. Everything happens very quickly, which gives the film a sense of real urgency "The setting is effectively established through the headlines. The characters are all well designed, despite the limited time spent on the previous story. We know enough about them to know them for the kind of man they are, like them and the end they fear for them when everything goes to hell.The conflict and violence within the film seem to explode out of nowhere, with a frightening lack of logic.This is the theme of the author James Dickey - that any romanticism prevalent on the nature of Intrinsic "goodness" perceived by man can only wither and die when his barely suppressed animal instincts come to the fore.There are no demons or bogeys here. bulls - like the central villains of the film - are simply coarse cousins ​​and terrifying loves of our protagonists. They are striking because their evil is petty and tangible. The film has no peripheral characters. All reflect something about the weaknesses and uncertainties of urbanized Homo Sapiens in the last twentieth century and they are all very real and recognizable. Burt Reynolds is wonderful in this film as the survivor and almost fatally surviving Survivalist, Lewis, and it's a shame to think that he hasn't really managed to regain his brief moment of dramatic glory for the rest of his spitting-and-going career ( 'Boogie Nights' excluded, perhaps). Trust me, if you are not a Reynolds fan, you will be impressed by his performance here. John Voight is his usual self made effortlessly, and Ned Beatty and Ronny Cox both make a significant contribution. This is simply a great quartet of actors. To conclude, I have to speculate on how and if and when "To the White Sea" by Deliverance author James Dickey will be released. For those who liked it (?) This movie, TTWS is an equally harrowing tale of the American pilot's struggle for survival after he was shot down on the Japanese mainland during World War II. It is more than the typically shabby existentialism and primordial wildness that is Dickey's trademark, but it has all the characteristics of a truly spectacular and poetic cinematic experience. A few years ago there was the suggestion that the Coen brothers could produce it, but in the end it came to nothing. Being an avid Coen-o-phile, it disappoints me to think about what might have happened if they got the green light on TTWS, rather than their last couple of relatively mediocre efforts. Returning to "Deliverance", it is impossible to imagine a film of such honest and unnerving brutality in these times, and this is rather shameful. We, the public going to the cinema, are poorer than this.
