This story is told and told and continues to be told in every possible way. The story of the immortal Charles Dicken has been recreated in every possible way. I admit I didn't see the classic version of Alistair Sim and I'm sure one day I'll do it but I would be upset if it touched even close to this amazing eighties version. I believe that if Dickens himself had created his story for the cinema, that would be all. <br /> <br /> The story is well known, I will not go into details because everyone has seen it in one form or another. A rich old man, stingy and mean, is visited by the ghost of his former partner and warned of his mediocre ways. To straighten it he is visited by three spirits, each of whom shows a different perspective of his life and of the people with whom he is involved, past, present and future. In the end, seeing all this before him, he realizes the error of his ways in great style and tries to pay for all the wrong he has done. <br /> <br /> George C. Scott is absolutely, undeniably perfect for this role. Grab the role of Ebeneezer Scrooge and make it his own and create an incredible character. He is not just a bad old man, but someone who has been struck by certain situations in his life that made him harsh and angry about the world. There is compassion in him, but he keeps it below everything else and is very involved. Scott plays the role of perfection when it comes to Scrooge. <br /> <br /> The main role is not just to make this film, but everything else fits better. This is a great epic of Victorian England, Dickens England is recreated before our eyes, images and sounds and you can almost feel the breeze of your face and the smells of the market. Director Clive Donner brilliantly recreates this scene and leaves nothing to the imagination. I could watch this movie quietly and be dazzled by the scenario. It is not a spectacular scenario in itself, but it is real. The film takes us from the market of high class merchants to the lugubrious wells of poverty and everything else. <br /> <br /> The rest of the cast fits into their roles and gives life to their literary counterparts. Bob Cratchitt, played by David Warner and his entire family, and especially the young Tiny Tim played by Anthony Walters, was wonderful. Each of the Ghosts had its own distinct personality and added to the dark mood of this story. A Christmas carol is not a light story. Dickens wrote this story for a dark time in the life of England and it is one of the few Christmas stories that is really dark, almost scary, and it must be scary to scare a man who has been a miser for so many years round. The dark atmosphere of the story is captured in this movie and it's really terrifying, yet the end lifts your spirit and captures Christmas miracles. The soundtrack of this film is also something to mention as it is epic, grandiose and beautiful to listen to whether it's the real score or Christmas music, everything fits together perfectly. Apparently Christmas movies are my favorites because I insist that everyone sees this Christmas song above all others. 10/10
