Marie: you're smooth. Dan: No, I'm not calm. I'm Dan. <br /> <br /> If you're like me, smooth and single don't go together. See someone you like, as rare as it can be, and you want to say something but you don't. Or maybe you say something but it ends up being perhaps the least intelligent thing you ever said in your life. More often then it is not so, one looks from afar and admires oneself without having to face what is most in agreement is the only way to get anywhere in life ?? a risk. You can't blame a guy for being a little scared. Maybe he was burned hard before or maybe he's trying to focus all his energy on his career. There are reasons, some valid, others not, and all can be interpreted as an apology rather than a reason. You tell yourself that you don't need it or that it's not the right time for you, but you still want it to happen. However you knock it down, it's not easy. Does it sound familiar? If you thought yes even just a little, then DAN IN REAL LIFE, the new play by director Peter Hedges, is absolutely not to be missed. It reaches inside you and somehow manages to break and warm your heart all at once. <br /> <br /> The Dan of the title is Dan Burns (Steve Carell), an advice columnist who is admired for his insight into living a balanced, fulfilling and morally uplifting life. Four years or so before the film opens to Dan who wakes up in his day, he has lost his wife and the love of his life. After that tragedy, Dan was left to raise their three daughters alone. Between that and focusing on his career, finding love again wasn't one of Dan's priorities. And so it became more functional than feeling. Removed from the power of intimacy, Dan no longer knows what it means to be so close to someone and he has resigned himself to never knowing it again. That is, until he meets Marie (Juliette Binoche) in a book and equipment store in Connecticut on a quiet morning. Their interaction is casual, comfortable and catches them both off guard. There is only one problem in reality. He's already seeing someone. Unfortunately for everyone involved, that someone is Dan's brother, Mitch (Dane Cook). His whole family came to their parents' country house for their annual visit and Dan must now spend the weekend pining and wishing for the fleeting feeling he had with Marie that morning. It only lasted an hour or so, but it only took so long to wake up Dan's heart from his coma. <br /> <br /> With so many family members to deal with (Jack Mahoney and Dianne Wiest are at the helm), DAN IN VERA VITA moves away from his greatest purpose from time to time. While the storm of children and parents, uncles and aunts is a test period for Dan, Hedges also uses it as a means of distraction, with the presumption that in the end it would be a more complete film. Fortunately, Hedges took Carell to carry the heavy burden. It is a pleasure to see Steve Carell enter more and more into his with every image he makes (despite the occasional misstep of EVAL ALMIGHTY). He is charismatic, charming and obviously a keen humorist. Like Dan, he is also self-deprecating, clumsy and scared. Carell is the rare comedian who goes so far as to find a character in his roles rather than relying exclusively on his comic instincts and his consolidated personality. Perhaps, most importantly, he is entirely recognizable as Dan. Let him fall on the couch in the laundry room where he is forced to sleep as the only single adult in this meeting or wander around the kitchen, unable to flush out his anxiety, Dan it's every guy who was even unsure of himself and felt alone in the crowd. Carell gives Dan so much heart that at the same time it becomes the heart of the film itself. <br /> <br /> I wondered after seeing the movie if I liked it as much as I did, despite its slight deficiencies (Juliette Binoche "I know you'd like to lighten up every once in a while, but I don't recommend it unless Is there any chocolate involved), because of where I am in my life? Someone who has discovered that someone else takes more meaning and comfort from this movie? I can't say what I can say, like someone who knows what it means to be alone, DAN IN REAL LIFE knows what it means to be surprised by life and love and how these moments and people should be appreciated and appreciated.Also knows that anyone can feel alone on a given day or for months at a time must remember that surprises still continue .
