The exploitation of the 80s in a superb trash and wonderfully unpretentious, cheers! The pre-credit opening sequences somehow give the false impression that we are dealing with a serious and heartbreaking drama, but you need not fear because only ten minutes later we stand up to our necks in absurd chainsaw battles, fights to rough punch, obscene dialogues and free nudity! Bo and Ingrid are two orphaned brothers with an unusually narrow and even slightly perverse relationship. Can you imagine tearing off the towel covering your sister's naked body and then staring at his genitals with a long beard for several whole minutes? Well, Bo does it to his sister and, judging by his supernatural laughter, she doesn't mind at all. Sick, man! However, as children they fled from Russia with their parents, but the ugly soldiers brutally slaughtered Mom and Dad. A friendly smuggler took over them, however, and also educated Bo and Ingrid in expert smugglers. When the actual plot takes off, 20 years later, they are facing their latest research while the mythical and incredibly precious White Fire diamond is accidentally found in a mine. Very few things in life have ever made as little sense as the plot and narrative structure of "White Fire", but it is certainly a lot of fun to watch. Most of the time you have no idea who beats who or for what reason (and I bet the actors understood even less) but whatever! Violence is magnificently grotesque and every single plot is pleasantly delayed. The script completely falls apart after the repair when suddenly ?? and I will not reveal why? Bo needs a replacement for Ingrid and Fred Williamson enters the scene with a big cigar in his mouth and his squalid black fingers on all the local prostitutes. Bo's main opponent is an Italian chick with big breasts but a horrible accent, the absurd but catchy thematic song plays at least a dozen times in the film, there is the mandatory editing "we're falling in love" and many other tourist attractions! My God, what a brilliant experience. The original French title translates to "Life to Survive", which is particularly appropriate because it has the same meaning as the rest of the film: None!
