What can you say about the White Fire movie. Amazing? Fantastic? Disturbing? Funny? These words are not big enough to describe the event that is White Fire. From shaky, incomprehensible beginning to the deep end, this film will entertain you in everything. <br /> <br /> Our film begins in the woods of a country somewhere in the world. A family hides from unmarked soldiers in costume designer uniforms. When the father separates from the mother and their children, one has a real feeling of the type of film one is about to watch. Father makes sure he rolls down the hills with his white suit, and is polite as he draws people's attention before he shoots them, but alas, dad burned alive in what looks like an unattended, unsafe acrobatics. Meanwhile, mom and the kids are running down a beach with an armed soldier dragging about 5 feet behind them. He also gives a stern warning before acting in the form of a bizarre "HALT!", And therefore promptly wastes his mother. This action sequence creates the happy childhood of our heroes Bo and Ingred. <br /> <br /> So now we go on about 20 years (30 if you are honest about the age of the hero) in beautiful Turkey, where Bo and Ingred have settled as professional thieves, diamond seekers or something like that . Ingred works in a diamond mine where he takes care of the products, while Bo (masterfully played by the dynamic Robert Ginty) leads the desert with his denim suits. Bo and Ingrid have an interesting relationship. They don't seem to have friends of each other and spend all their time together. This coincides with the fact that Bo expressed the desire to sleep with his sister as evidenced in phrases such as "you know it is a pity that you are my sister" he says while he is completely naked, he becomes a very dynamic couple. Bo is then crushed when Ingrid is killed, while he wanders the beaches of Turkey with his pink ceremonial scarf. A renewal of hope occurs when Bo finds a girl who looks like Ingrid and subjects her to plastic surgery to make her look exactly like Ingrid. This opens the door for Bo to have sex with his sister without being technically wrong. Bo is a true fan of ethically gray areas, and is delighted with his new love. <br /> <br /> So, there are a lot of funny action scenes, ridiculous violence, great acting, impossible to follow the plots Fred "the hammer" Williamson (for some reason), and a big slice of dirty ice which should be a giant diamond (which then explodes). All these things are great, but the relationship between Bo and Ingrid is what makes this movie special ... really special. So I warmly encourage everyone to see the majesty that is the White Fire. You might be glad you did ... or not.
