the government that fought to establish its loyalty with a promised and much-needed pension. Ripstein's opera is a sweet ode for all those who, like the colonel, suffer under the abuses of a cynical and hardened society that is strengthened by denying its citizens the means to live with dignity and purpose. Unlike the absurdity of WAITING FOR GODOT, the expectation of the colonel for the arrival of his retirement gives hope and meaning to his otherwise miserable life. Two things in the film guide the colonel who is masterfully played by Fernando Lujan; the hope that his military retirement will come one day and the knowledge that his son, Agostino, died for a noble cause, a reason other than a drunken brawl in an armed cockfight. Unable to carry out the first, and forced to prove to the world the second, the Colonel does the only thing he can do, preparing to train his son's fighting cock. The cock is now the warrior who can bring luck and justice to the colonel and his asthmatic wife, but his combat ring is that of the murderer of his former owner, Agustin. In a scene of clashes between the colonel and Nogales, the murderer of his son, the colonel is offered by Nogales, a paid government agent, enough money to equal the colonel's full pension. But this is blood money; secret money designed to hide the fact that those in power turned their backs on those who fought for their political ideals and hid from the world that the son of the warrior colonel had been murdered because he had written for a clandestine newspaper that favored labor rights unions and the common man. With the utmost dignity, the colonel rejects Nogales' offer, takes his fighting cock and moves nobly away as his old legs can carry it. Once home, Dona Lola, his scolded wife, wants to know why the colonel refused money when both are starving. In response to his continuing question, "What we will eat until November (when the cock fighting season begins)", the Colonel responds, "Fuck." The excrements are what the poor and the disinherited have eaten all their lives, and the excrements are a meal that the colonel willingly chooses to eat with dignity, knowing that he could never sell his soul to those who oppress him. The colonel waits as the only man of honor and value in a world without principles.
