After gorging myself on a variety of seemingly immature movies bought on ex-rental DVDs, I thought it was the right time for some serious drama and who better to provide it than Sam Mendes? For a variety of reasons, "American Beauty" does not appeal to me as much as this film which is easily the most obscure thing that Tom Hanks has ever done and probably one of the most undervalued films of the last decade. That's why it's not a simple gangster story raised by its graphic novel origins, and it's simply wonderful to look at for it. And despite my usual allergy to any film with the name of Tom Hanks (I still can't watch "Big" without wanting a cat to kick), I'm glad I tried it because this is one of those movies I'll kick you if you it lacks. <br /> <br /> Hanks, normally clean, plays Michael Sullivan, a devoted family man and father of two children raised during prohibition in the early 1930s. He is also a professional killer of mafia boss John Rooney (Paul Newman) but managed to keep his job secret from his sons. But after his eldest son (Tyler Hoechlin) saw his father involved in a mass murder, the two are forced to flee while John tries to tidy up the matter. Soon, father and son are persecuted in Chicago where another hitman is waiting for them (a threatening Jude law). <br /> <br /> At first glance, it reads like a rather normal gangster movie, but like I said it's not gangster at all. This is the relationship between a father and a son put together in the most tragic circumstances. Hanks is (* grits his teeth *) superb as the tortured man who discovers that everything has its price and little Hoechlin is also as good as Sullivan's son. In all honesty, there is not a single performance that I can spot weaker than the others - the cast is practically flawless. How is cinematography and costumes (and often not praise the costumes!) That recreates the 30s with a surprising effect. There has been so much effort to fix everything and pay a lot. This could easily seem like garbage - they admit that the appearance of the early 1930s was difficult to suppress - but it doesn't and this deserves some credit. Chicago in particular looks fantastic, flanked by hundreds of ramshackle cars from the era and full of people with monochrome dresses and hats. The real time travel, even if you need some CGI. <br /> <br /> History is also a winner, offering a human face to what is often seen as a stereotypical genre of villain in the cinema. The law is as surprisingly threatening as the mechanical killer Maguire and shows that you don't have to be Cagney or De Niro or Brando to play a gangster. The film is decidedly noir, with heavy rain and illuminated warehouses, but at least violence and killing are (finally) seen to have an emotional and psychological impact on those who perpetrate and those who simply witness such acts. Everything is evocative of a previous era and of previous films, but sweeps away the old and refreshes with a modern story of redemption amidst the Tommy-Gun shootings and extortion rackets. It may seem a bit slow in places, especially if you're used to masses of firearms in movies like most modern audiences (like your real), but sometimes words can speak more than actions. Mendes gave an excellent follow-up to his Oscar-winning debut, a film that is as smart as it is beautiful to look at. "Road To Perdition" may not be to everyone's taste, but this is a DVD that I will not change soon.
