Having been thrown out of the house and into the stifling heat of the theater, I could not have been happier. The Road to Perdition, directed by Sam Mendes (American Beauty), is destined to become one of the greatest films of all time. Maybe I'm just getting old; maybe I saw the same themes recycled over and over again. But this film is really different. <br /> <br /> The story opens with the young Michael Sullivan Jr. facing the sea, contemplating the duality of his father's legacy - one of the best men forever, one of the most evil. This duality unfolds throughout the film. The story revolves around crime boss John Rooney (Paul Newman) and Michael Sullivan (Tom Hanks), the young Rooney, once inside, who now acts as his own "Angel of Death". Rooney is bound by blood to his son, but bound by love and loyalty to Michael. The young Michael Jr., intrigued by the stories he reads, steals in his father's car one night while Dad goes to "work" with Connor Rooney, heir to the "business" of the family. Connor lets the situation get out of hand, and what was supposed to be just a warning turns into murder - witnessed by Michael Jr. Discovering that young Michael saw what he shouldn't have seen, the plot is set in motion as loyalty conflict clashing. Soon, Michael Sr. is on the run with his young son, pursued by contract killer Harlen "The Reporter" Maguire (Jude Law). <br /> <br /> I will not disclose further details to avoid potential spoilers. However, I strongly encourage viewers to examine the many dualities that arise in the film: Problems between children and fathers (Michael Sr & Jr., John Rooney and son Connor), between the world at home and the world at "work", between good and evil, between those who pretend to be men of god and those who are really, between "clean" and "dirty" money, between the city of Perdition and Perdition as hell. And along the way, savor the visual brilliance of the cinematographer Conrad L. Hall (9 nominations, 2 oscars for best filmography): the rain flowing out of fedora, the shots through the mirrors (especially on hinged doors), the machine-gun flashes from the shadows, no sound at all. Not only did 75-year-old Hall give us perhaps the best film product of his career, but 77-year-old Paul Newman offers one of his best performances ever. <br /> <br /> Yes ... I can grow old. But I've seen a lot ... and this is fresh and invigorating. The Road to Perdition presents a lasting and loving tribute to the gangster genre, to the films of the '40s, to the dark figures of comics lurking in the dark, to the bad guys and heroes, to American cinema in general. Go see it!
