If you thought about Sam Mendes' first film, the much-heralded American BEAUTY was a film with a style to share, wait to see his highly anticipated second attempt, the relentless 38th gangster ROAD TO PERDITION melodrama. Some critics hailed this new film as a worthy successor to THE GODFATHER, a rash judgment made by several reviewers taken with Mendes' extraordinary technical ability. If the mechanisms of making films are what make a photo great, then yes, ROAD TO PERDITION is a distant cousin of THE GODFATHER in terms of what it does in cinematography, editing, music and scoring. What it doesn't have is a resonance that all the great stories and some very rare films have that remain with the viewer long after the experience of reading or seeing is over. As with American BEAUTY, there is a cool and detached aspect of this film, despite some very tense scenes involving paternal love, loyalty and betrayal. <br /> <br /> This story of a hit man (Tom Hanks) and his report to a surrogate father - a figure who is also his boss, an elderly leader of the Irish mafia (Paul Newman), seems to have been found by countless gangster films from years gone by. The father / son motif that hangs over this picture is so heavy in its treatment that there is not much room for spontaneity; the whole enterprise was handled with great care, and almost all the dialogue was delivered with an air of great power: this is obviously a gangster film, so the required amount of violence and bloodshed, but the film is almost devoid of any humor to speak of; only in the scenes involving a boy driving an escape car in a maliciously mounted montage is there a sense of light-heartedness in advancing the pervasive sense of destiny. <br /> <br /> Having said that, I have nothing but the highest praise for the stunning appearance of this film; indeed, it is not an exaggeration to say that this is one of the most beautiful and photographed films I have ever seen. The veteran cameraman Conrad Hall will most likely win another Oscar for his work here. The sets and costumes of the production are equally exemplary; in fact, the whole film is a technical marvel. Mr. Mendes continues to amaze with his vivid use of color, and he and Mr. Hall still make very dramatic use of red blood splashed against pale-colored walls, all the more effective and disconcerting due to the preponderance of blacks, blues and grays dominating the color scheme of the film. <br /> <br /> If I failed to notice the acting correctly, it is not because the actors do not skillfully propose themselves; everyone in the film is top notch, with a special mention to the two bad villains: Daniel Craig is the classic "man you love to hate", the spoiled and impulsive son of Newman's gangster father; and an almost unrecognizable Jude Law as a particularly thin disbeliever who goes in search of Hanks and his son and figures very prominently in the second part of the film. But acting in a film, this dazzling is destined to take a back seat compared to the photographic fireworks on display here. If a Rolls-Royce were a film, I have no doubt that it would seem ROAD TO PERDITION.
