Acting This film is a very well acted film. I will say that the performances are slightly weak at times; but for the most part, acting is very good. The only actor who shocked me with his performance was Jude Law as Harlen Maguire. It was incredible! Tom Hanks seemed a little insecure in some parts of the film, but he too was incredible. Paul Newman, as good as ever. Cinematography This is what made the film a masterpiece (and I rarely use that word). Conrad Hall is a true genius. If at any point in the film you were to pause it, you will see the delicately elaborate work of this man. Set each shot so that nothing is left out. When the camera is still, a postcard-like quality appears on the screen. When the camera is in motion, every shot is planned so as to underestimate perfection. But it doesn't end there. Corrado's choice of colors and the contrast between light and darkness settings is a work of art. The way it illuminates the set is one of the most incredible lighting jobs I've ever seen. His work on this film has made him what he is. This film is at the top of the list for the best photography with LOTR, Black Hawk Down, Hero, CTHD, Moulin Rouge and Vertigo. History People will say that this film is a 1930s gangster film, but I think they missed the point in the film. It is a love story of a hit man who fails to try to protect his son from the life he has chosen. It is a brilliantly elaborate story that unfolds in a beautiful bond between two people who have nothing but the other. The script is worthy of an Oscar. Thomas Newman music leads a sad but confident score to intensify this sad but hopeful story. Music is one of the most beautiful and moving scores I've had. Direction Sam Mendes is a new director with the feeling of an experienced director. The symbols he uses and the performances he gets from his actors are a rarity in today's world of cinema. I'll be looking for the next Sam Mendes movie. 10/10 one of the most moving and beautiful films I've ever seen.
