Road to Perdition, a film undeservedly overlooked that year, Oscars is Sam Mendes' second work (and in my opinion his best work), a director who three years earlier won the Oscar for his acclaimed but controversial American Beauty . This is a fantastic film, and at the same time ultimately touching and sad. <br /> <br /> It is a story of a relatively rich and happy-looking family from the difficult times of the Depression when the, Michael Sullivan, a father of two children, played by the great Tom Hanks (I'm not his admirer but should say) is a hit man for the local mafia boss, played by Paul Newman. The eldest son, 13-year-old Michael Sullivan Jr., played to perfection by the young Tyler Hoechlin, after years of blissful ignorance discovers what his father's job is and what his family lives on. Driven by his curiosity and his aspiration to know the truth, he accidentally witnesses a murder committed by John Rooney, the son of his father boss. This discovery affects an innocent soul and caused numerous events that changed his life forever. The atmosphere of the period, all the backgrounds and decorations are perfectly created, the editing and the cinematography are almost impeccable while the story is well written. But the main line of the film, the moments and the most important points of the film and the key factor of the success of the film are the difficult father-son relationships in difficult moments. They are shown so deeply, strong and credible. Tom Hanks is excellent and has one of the best interpretations of his career in a quite unusual role for him, and everything about acting is superb. Finally, it is worth mentioning a very beautiful soundtrack by Paul Newman and in the result we get exceptional work from all the people involved in creating this beautiful (but once again sad) masterpiece. I believe that Road to Perdition is one of the greatest cinematic achievements of this decade and undoubtedly one of the best films of the year. <br /> <br /> My vote 10 out of 10
