This 1984 version of the Dickens classic "A Christmas Carol", directed by Clive Donner, features the participation of George C. Scott as Ebenezer Scrooge. At this point, the challenge for the director was to take such familiar material and make it look new and new again; and, fortunately, with this movie Donner not only faced the challenge, but exceeded any expectations that anyone could have had for this. He tells the story with precision and attention to detail, and extracts the performances of his actors who are no less than superlative, especially Scott. It could be argued that the final portrait of Scrooge - one of the best known characters in literary fiction, was ever created by Alastair Sim in the 1951 film; but I think that with his performance here, Scott has achieved this distinction. There is such purity and honesty in his Scrooge that it becomes difficult even to consider anyone else in the role once you have seen Scott do it; he is simply Scrooge. And what a tribute it is to such a gifted actor; being able to take such a well-known figure and make it so unique is truly miraculous. It's really a joy to see an actor play his job so well, to be able to make a character so real, from every word he utters to the most beautiful expression on his face, and to make everything resonate so true. It is a study to perfection. <br /> <br /> The other cast members are also wonderful, but then they must be back in order to maintain the integrity of Scott's performance; and they do it Frank Finlay is the ghost of Jacob Marley; a remarkable turning point, though not quite as memorable, perhaps, as that of Alec Guinness (in the role of Marley) in the film, "Scrooge". Angela Pleasence is a welcome visage like the spirit of the past Christmas; Edward Woodward, grandiose and noisy, and quite convincing as the Spirit of the Christmas present; and Michael Carter, dark and threatening as the Spirit of Christmas is yet to come. <br /> <br /> David Warner strikes just the right mark with his Bob Cratchit, bringing a sincerity to the role that fits the quality standard set by Scott's Scrooge, and Susannah York does just as well for Mrs. Cratchit. The real gem here, however, is the performance of young Anthony Walters as Tiny Tim; he is sincere, never becoming a maudlin, and simply one of the best interpretations - and the most real - ever presented in a film. <br /> <br /> The excellent supporting cast includes Roger Rees (Fred Holywell and also the narrator of the film), Caroline Langrishe (Janet Holywell), Lucy Gutteridge (Belle), Michael Gough (Mr. Poole) and Joanne Whalley (Fan). An impeccable presentation, this version of "A Christmas Carol" defines the standard against which all others must be measured; no matter how many versions you may have seen, watching this is like seeing it for the first time. And forever, every time you think of Scrooge, the image your mind will evoke will be that of George C. Scott. An extremely enjoyable and satisfying experience, this film requires a place in the annual Christmas program of every home. I consider this 10/10.
