Wow ... I mean, WOW, this was one of the best stories I've ever had the chance to read / watch. We all know this famous story. Two martial artists, a man and his son, go to train in the forbidden Cursed Springs and, ignoring their warnings, they both fall in a spring each. Dad, Genma, the spring of the drowned Panda. And the sixteen year old Ranma, the spring of the drowned girl. Now with every splash of cold water they turn into the real being named after the source they landed on. Crazy enough yet? No, this is just the beginning. As if being one of the strongest teenagers ever to be turned into a woman were not enough, Ranma has to do with crazy martial arts teachers and hundreds of crazy art styles, a crazy high school principle, right-wing opponents and left that they have a score to fix with Ranma that does it to mess up their life soon somehow or to "stellar" their loved ones. And speaking of loved ones, I lost track of how many times a boy or girl fell in love with Ranma. And not once was his girlfriend, Akane. And this is only from the first chapters / episodes of the series. <br /> <br /> The story itself is surprising. I've never come across anything so crazy, so bizarre, so ... so ... out of this world, yet it's so down on Earth and believable ... I can't even describe it at its best. It's just a fascinating story that is easy to get into. What I like is humor. Not once did I laugh so hard at a manga, and I didn't have to try any of the stunts you would have captured in Simpson or something. I could read any part of the comic and laughed from beginning to end. The characters are another thing. Ranma, you would think that making it too strong would be backward but nooo ... with every little problem that the story throws at him he's doing his best only to survive half the time and his personality is that of a foolish boy who would be it seems, but when the worst comes to the worst it can be a computer genius. And to think, of the hundreds of perverts in the show, Ranma who hates the idea of ​​perverts all together is considered by everyone in his city, even more so by Akane, the worst pervert I've ever lived. His father Genma, would you think that the father's character would merge with the right background? Correct! But every time he has a spotlight ... it only gives you more reasons to hate him, but to the same love as him! Do you think you know the worst father of an anime? You haven't met Genma. Ryoga, probably one of Ranma's biggest rivals and my favorite character (next to Ranma) ... and probably one of the few people he can actually resist. Most likely the strongest character in the series, but he has two flaws, one is his curse that turns him into a pig but his worst flaw ... is his lack of sense in the direction! Then we have ... you know, I could spend hours on the computer explaining all the characters, the story, all positive, but it would simply be useless. <br /> <br /> Watch the series if you don't have NOW! You will not regret it! Although I would recommend checking the comic first. I like the anime, but I had some problems getting the series at a good price. And a little nitpick, humor doesn't seem to translate into the anime and the manga. I think in part because the comic looks more comic to me. But in both cases, it's a victory! 10 out of 10!
