I must admit that for the first time I took Ranma 1/2 when I was about twelve. I was in the library and desperately looking for something good to read. Then, I went to the Comic / Manga section and noticed this book. During my first readings through the chapters, I didn't really know what was going on, but I knew I loved it. I even brought it home for more reading. Frankly, I wasn't going anywhere. And then, about five months (I'm 16), my friend was watching some anime series and I remembered this Manga. I couldn't remember his name, but I remembered that the author was Rumiko Takahashi, creator of Inu Yasha. I looked for it on Google and made a rash decision to look at all 161 episodes. In the beginning I was a bit taken aback by the 1990 graphics, but in the end I didn't care. No anime has ever made me laugh so hard and rewind, look again. I once watched 45 consecutive episodes in one day. I don't know how I did it ... but I couldn't stop. Eventually, after about two days, I became obsessed. I even dreamed - crazy as it may seem - of looking at Ranma. I have never found such a pleasant series, so funny and so moving to watch. To date, 161 episodes are not enough to keep me satisfied. Obviously the cliffhanger finale was enough to make me reckon, but the series alone was enough to keep me reading. <br /> <br /> Ranma 1/2 speaks of a boy named Ranma Saotome and his father Genma Saotome. INTENSE martial artists. They are so intense that they went to the ancient training camps in China and became "cursed". The lands were full of different pools of springs and, if you land in one, take the form of whatever drowned you when you throw in cold water. For Genma, that was a PANDA, and for Ranma that was a ... girl! It's a very funny and loving story. In addition, Genma promises his friend that Ranma will marry one of his daughters to keep the Tendo dojo alive. "Obviously the one who is matched hates his bowels and mutual feelings. Obviously they start to like each other, but in both cases they are stubborn to admit it. But .. Genma has a history of doing this. He promised Ranma to many girls. <br /> <br /> Trust me. It's worth watching. It's fun, moving and all around fantastic.
