First, Edison Chen did a fantastic and credible job as a Cambodian man-woman, born and raised in landfills and in a gladiator ring, where he honed his wild drumming trade to survive, living the mantra of killing or to be killed. In a role that had few dialogues, or at least a few lines in Cambodian / Thai, his performance is compelling, probably what should have been in the Jet Li Danny the Dog vehicle, where a man is raised for the sole purpose of fighting, and at someone else's leash. <br /> <br /> Like Danny the Dog, the much-talked-about unarmed fighting sequences are not stylistically choreographed, but rather designed as normal, brutal fist fights, where all is well. This has probably brought a sense of realism and determination when you see the characters throw themselves at each other's throats, defending their lives while they take it away from others. It is a gloomy, gritty and obscure film both literally and figuratively, and this sets it apart from the usual escape from the production of the cop thriller. <br /> <br /> Edison plays a gun hired by Cambodia, who becomes a fugitive from Hong Kong, fleeing from the police while his pick-up truck went wrong. Leading the chase is the team led by Cheung Siu-Fai, who has to fight with Inspector Ti (Sam Lee), which is inclusive and acceptance in the team has to do with the sins of his father. Thus began a game of cats and mice in the shadows and dark shadows of the most disturbing side of Hong Kong. <br /> <br /> The story itself works on several levels, especially in the studies on the characters of the assassin, and the policeman On opposite sides of the law, we see inside each character not black and white, but nuances of gray. With the assassin, we see his caring side when he laced up and developed feelings of love for a girl (Pei Pei), resulting in a sense of maturity, tenderness and revealing a heart of gold. The policeman, with questionable tactics and attitudes, makes you wonder how you could arch yourself when you're willing to do whatever it takes to get the job done. There are many interesting moments of moral questions, about how anti-heroic and despicable strategies are adopted. You will ask, what makes a man and what makes a beast, and if we have a tendency to change position depending on the circumstances, do we have that dark inner stripe in each of us, which turns from man into dog and dog into man? Dog Bite Dog grabs you from the start and never gives up until the end, even if there are half-way points that seemed to drag, especially in its delicate moments, and it suffered too much for not knowing when to finish. If you had to choose a favorite scene, then it must be the one in the food center of the market - extremely well controlled and delivered, a suspenseful corner of your sitting moment. Also listen to the soundtrack and you're not dreaming if you hear dogs growling. <br /> <br /> Highly recommended, especially if you think you've seen almost everything from the crime thriller genre.
