As I understand it, after the Chinese took over Hong Kong, the infamous Cat. 3 Hong Kong films have disappeared. At least until now, and what an incredible film this is. I knew it would be a tough criminal drama, but it was the first cat. 3 I bought what was done recently, I wasn't sure what to expect. <br /> <br /> A Cambodian assassin goes to Hong Kong to knock out the wife of a judge, who is also a lawyer. It turned out that the judge made the arrangements for the guilty man, because he was divorcing the judge and threatening to take all his money. This is all known within the first ten minutes, so nothing is given away. After the coup, the policemen identify the assassin rather quickly, but in an attempt to arrest him, several policemen and civilians are killed. Escapes the police and now the race has started to capture the boy, before he escapes back to Cambodia. This film never stops and hardly gives the viewer the chance to catch his breath. Yes, it is very violent and intense, many policemen are killed, as the assassin proves to be very difficult to trace and break down when they identify him. Along the way, the killer who tries to hide in a landfill, finds a woman raped and abused by a man. He helps her and saves her from the boy, and she persuades the assassin to take her with him on his escape. I loved this movie, it's like a roller coaster that keeps moving and moving at high speed, like an accident leads to another, and the police are sometimes just as bad or worse than the killer. The acting is exceptionally good, and the shooting and photography of the place are at the moment breathtaking. There is no respite in this film, even with the truly incredible ending. The ending is pretty incredible, and also a good conclusion for all actions and violence. Yes, sometimes violence is brutal, but this is a senseless crime drama that will make you lose your socks. "Dog Eat Dog" certainly needs a more widespread version, certainly including an R1 version. Great movie, highly recommended.
