Despite being quite far from my expectations, I was deeply impressed by Dog Bite Dog. I rented it not knowing much, but essentially I expected it to be a martial arts / action movie in the standard Hong Kong action tradition, of which I'm a devoted fan. I ended up getting something completely different, which is not a bad thing at all. While the film could be classified as such, and there is certainly some good action and hand-to-hand combat scenes in the film, it is definitely not the main objective. His characters are infinitely more important for the film than his fights, a rare thing in many Hong Kong action movies. <br /> <br /> I was really surprised by the complexity of the characters and the character relationships in the film. The protagonist, played by Edison Chen (who is really very good), at the end of the film becomes infinitely more complex than I would have thought after the first thirty minutes. Even the police figures have deeply challenged my expectations. In fact, the naked and honest representation of the rarely visible dark side of the police force was entirely possible, my favorite aspect of the film. I do not know what I would say Dog Bite Dog that completely subverts the typical notions of bad criminals, good cops, but certainly upsets them in ways not often seen in the film (unfortunately). So many movies, especially the Hong Kong action movies I find, portray the police in what is frankly a VERY ignorant idealized light. This is one of the least liked things of the kind. I was pleasantly surprised to see that Dog Bite Dog actually had some really unique ideas, and really brave enough to present on the police force. There are negotiation scenes in this film that I've never seen before, and I doubt I'll see it again, and I'm sure I'll remember it for a while. Furthermore, the criminal characters are shown from an interesting perspective, there are some documentary films in the film of Cambodian boys no bigger than ten made to fight each other until their death with bare hands, which I thought was one of the most powerful and moving of the film. He says a lot about why these guys are what they are, rather than just condemning them. Furthermore, the relationship between the character of Chen and the girl he meets in the garbage yard reveals a lot about his character. It wasn't until this element came into the film that I really started seeing the film as an emotional rather than a visceral experience. There is something in most of the on-screen reports that they can't understand, but for some reason this really did. The actress does an incredible job with this role that I guess it wasn't easy to play. <br /> <br /> Dog Bite Dog also presents a truly breathtaking cinematography, although unfortunately quite irregular. There were some moments when I found it really surprising, particularly in the last part of the film, but there was also a fair amount of work with the camera that was just OK. Another small problem I had was with the rhythm, which I also felt was not uniform. I found many scenes "looking for a boat" to be a little estranged, even if it starts again soon after. The action scenes are short and not too abundant, but they are really powerful and effective, especially towards the end. The choreography of the fight is honestly not so impressive for the most part, although to its credit it is solid and quite realistic, but the real strength is the emotional content behind the fights. The final scene, although not a marvel of martial art or combat choreography, is one of the most powerful end fights I've ever seen, and I've seen many martial arts movies. <br /> <br /> I suppose the biggest determining factor if one or more will fail to get much from Dog Bite Dog is whether or not it is possible to connect with the characters. All of them are certainly some of the most imperfect characters that can be seen in a film of any kind, but there was something very human in all of them that I could not help but be attracted and really feel for them, especially The Girl by Chen I have to say that I doubt that most people will like the film as much as I did simply because I imagine most people don't like or care about the characters in the same way, but I still recommend it anyway. It's really a touching and touching film if you give it a chance.
