I have to be honest - I haven't seen a film as solid as DOG BITE DOG in a while. I'm a big fan of "old school" movies from the late 80s and mid 90s, and I've heard that the "style" of movies is coming back a bit with movies like this, and GONG TAU by Herman Yau (which I have not yet seen ...), so I was very interested in giving a shot to these of these new generation CATIII films. Has this film lived up to my expectations? Absolutely - but not exactly the fashion I imagined. <br /> <br /> The story follows a young Thai hit-man, resourceful, resourceful and virtually unstoppable with a somewhat vague story coming to Hong Kong to complete a "mission". Due to bad luck, he is soon identified by an evil copy (which exudes many of the same qualities as our assassin), and is quickly captured and captured. This state of affairs does not last long, since the homonymous murderer escapes from his captors and quickly shows the local police that he should not be taken lightly. The hunt has begun and a game of cat and mouse between the police and the "crazy dog" (as the police refers to him) follows. Along the way, Mad Dog is inadvertently helped by a slow-looking young woman and creates a bond between the two when she helps him out of a sticky situation. Mail continues to increase because Mad Dog's only goal is to get out of Hong Kong and return to Thailand by any means necessary, and the police keep trying to bring it up ... <br /> <br /> I could probably write ten paragraphs on this complex and completely layered film, but I don't want to give too much. I saw DOG BITE DOG not know anything about the premise, and I think it's the kind of movie that is definitely better appreciated this way. As for comparisons with old-fashioned CATIII movies ... there are some similarities. DOG BITE DOG has some hyper-violent moments reminiscent of the "good old days", but it is never as shabby or grimy as the old school classics like THE UNTOLD STORY or RED TO KILL. Where many of the older CATIII films had the intention of "shock" - DOG BITE DOG is a much more thoughtful and complete production (although this does not mean removing NOTHING from those CATIII films that I hold so dear ...). This film is much more "emotional" than it is exploitation and, as we learn more about the characters and their background, the audience begins to bond and identify with both sides. There are no real "good" and "bad" people, as Mad Dog shows moments of extreme compassion, and the cops stoop to extremely unorthodox methods to try to give substance to the murderer. There is no nakedness / sex in this film, which is a typical feature of old CATIII films. Personally, I would like to compare DOG BITE DOG more to Park's SYMPATHY FOR MR. VENGEANCE or perhaps BANGKOK DANGEROUS of Pang's brother, as both films mixed extremely emotional nuances with a strong and unpredictable action and violence. Again - there's practically nothing I don't like about this movie. The acting is uninterrupted, the cinematography is sharp and well made, and the entire film skillfully mixes different elements successfully in a way that is not seen very often. It is this film (and others like it like this ...) the "revival" of the CATIII film - not exactly - but it is a very solid film that is absolutely worth checking out ... 9/10
