Those people who are familiar with Asian cinema, as a whole, are aware of the fact that Japan is famous, or notorious, for its hyper-violent films and Korea is gaining the reputation of brutally brutal films. Dog Bites Dog, while not necessarily becoming as hyper-violent as Miike's craziest film, nor is he as brutally unsympathetic as some of Korea's more ambitious efforts, is a perfect fit with his own brand of brutality of his own. The greatest strength of this film, however, as the greatest of Japanese or Korean efforts, is that brutality, rather than detracting from the film, actually develops the characters, if not actually pushing the story forward. The two main characters are both incredibly vicious individuals with their own motivations and emotional support to be as such. The character of Sam Lee, for example, is on the edge from the beginning and, slowly and surely, between various encounters with the character of Chang, the reason why he is revealed is revealed. Without ruining this part of the story too much, it involves the morally ambiguous nature of his father. The character of Chang, on the other hand, has his primordial instincts refined, if not for perfection, brutal efficiency. Surprisingly, Chang's narrative arc, while not necessarily revealing a more human side, actually reveals a side of our animal nature that many forget about the natural ability to recognize a destroyed animal (and I'm not talking about Sam Lee, rather Character of Pei Pei's garbage dump). Ultimately, however, for the first 80 minutes or so, it is, more or less, a simple cat and mouse, or Dog chase Dog, a film in which every encounter ends in at least one death (seriously, once Sam Lee and Chang Square outside, someone will die) and the fun part of the movie is that you never know who will commit the act. Which brings us to the weak point of the film. Unforunatley would still be another spoiler to go deeper, but to put it in a nutshell, he is guilty of pushing one of the main points of the film since then, rather than letting the point be done as 80 minutes into the film, the film goes for others 20 minutes or so to emphasize it further. Don't get me wrong, if I went better from 80 minutes to climax and if the final act wasn't full of sweet music (in fact if, like most of the film, the music was kept to the bare minimum and let the disturbing sound effects do their work), could still have worked and would not detract from the film. However, despite the fact that the third act had the most bloody and bloody clashes, the way in which it was managed made him feel stuck, and almost insults the intelligence of the spectators since he felt he had to go so far to get him to cross. However, it is still a breath of fresh air from the Hong Kong cinema since even the most bloodthirsty martial arts films never reach the level of wickedness and brutality while maintaining the character's arches intact.
