WOW. If you think that a film cannot fatigue in some way, then you have not seen Dog Bite Dog. This film does not punch, and does not hesitate to show very disturbing images. Just like Salo, this shows us the dehumanization of the human spirit. It's gritty, dark, depressing and hopeless, but it's also one of the best films ever released in Hong Kong. <br /> <br /> The script is more or less the same, but don't go on thinking it's incredibly cliché. Basically it is a disturbing and obsessive detective in a game of cats and mice, against a professional and emotionless killer. While the script offers nothing new on the surface, it provides many questions about the dark side of humanity. Is violence really necessary? Do we become more or less human when we abuse a 5-year-old child, without mercy, without remorse? In our turn, we humans act no less than rabid dogs when we are blinded by anger, this is a sad truth. It is a subject the director brilliantly explores, without limiting himself to anything. In addition to cat and mouse hunting, the script also develops two separate narrative lines for the main characters. One is about love and the other about redemption. Even if the script is not new, it is still wonderfully written and keeps you glued to the seat at all times. <br /> <br /> The acting is really good. Edison Chen as Hit-Man is incredible; he shows that it's not just a pretty face. He is ruthless, cowardly and beyond what is likeable. Sam Lee, the obsessed policeman, is also exceptional. The supporting cast, in short, is excellent. Music is also worth mentioning. Very dark scores by Ben Cheung, with some effective songs with a light heart played in the dark moments of the film. Yuen Man's photography is also very good. <br /> <br /> Overall, this CATIII film is highly recommended. Very well structured, incredibly played, wonderfully marked and really very good at the end of everything. However, as many have pointed out, this is not a movie for everyone. If you don't like strong violence, you should stay away from this. If you don't like to see heavy negativity in the film, then it's not for you. In the end, a powerful film, 8/10.
