The way in which writers and directors continue to make great films from one of the oldest and most used plots of cinema is remarkable and quite commendable! "Dog Bite Dog" is not much more than the simple story of a solitary copper that obsessively chases a brilliant criminal, only Pou-Soi Cheang distinguishes his film from the rest to be extremely violent and implacable. This is without doubt one of the most gritty and intransigent films I've ever seen, with an atmosphere of constant nihilism and characters that seem to come from hell! Not even the episodes of the vindictive trilogy of Chan-Wook Park (with the exception of "Oldboy", perhaps) or any other infamous Cat-III film ever released were sadistic and brutal like some of the events featured in "Dog Bite Dog" . Pang is a young and ruthless Cambodian murderer who lands in the crowded streets of Hong Kong to eliminate the wife of a prominent judge in a restaurant. When the police arrive at the place, the young officer Wai sees how Pang hastily flees the crime scene and follows him. The first real clash between the two rabid dogs results in a giant bloodbath, while Pang mercilessly kills several hostages and even Wai's longtime friend and colleague. From that moment on, an exciting game of cats and mice begins, full of action between the frustrated policeman and the professional killer. The latter also saves a girl from her father's constant sexual abuse and stays with her in her shed at the local dump. What makes this routine action / thriller so fascinating (apart from explicit violence) are the backgrounds of the main characters! Pang, the hit man, is a Cambodian orphan and has been trained to fight and kill for money since he was a child. He knows no restrictions, he has no mercy and he barely speaks. Wai, the policeman, has become particularly ruthless and unorthodox since his model father (also a policeman) lies in a coma after a drug-related accident. Lai does not question suspects and witnesses; he screams at them and is ready to sacrifice everything to stop his new nemesis. People with weak stomachs or tangled nerves are encouraged to stay away from this film, because the cruelty and shocks that characterize "Dog Bite Dog" can easily cause nausea. It is not the kind of violence in which bloody heads and broken limbs fly in the air, but more like the intense and utterly disturbing type in which people try to crush their opponents mentally and physically. The filming locations are actually dark and mysterious and the extremely sober music makes the film's already harrowing tone even more petrifying. The performances are fantastic! I would not be surprised if Edison Chen and Sam Lee also treated each other as enemies on the set of the film, because their hatred and disgust on the screen seems a little too legitimate. "Dog Bite Dog" is a powerful and unforgettable film, highly recommended if you can stand it. If you fear you can't do it, just wait a few years for the inevitable American remake, which will undoubtedly soften the premise.
