Most reviews say this is the weakest point in the Hamilton short film career. This film is a little different from the rest, and considering it the best or the worst depends on what you expect from a movie, and what you expect from Hamilton. <br /> <br /> Knowing Hamilton as a photographer, you may be a little surprised While Bilitis resembles his books in a movement with all those young girls who discover themselves and relationships with each other on the fringe of the lesbian , with a plot that connects these scenes, Laura focuses on a few characters that allows her to develop relationships between them (male-female, artist-model) but although we see beautiful photos, many of them better than her average, their number is reduced for the taste of the plot. Tendres's cousins ​​are different from both, it's just Hamilton's film that looks more like a movie than a collection of moving pictures. For this reason it may be acceptable to a wider audience than Hamilton fans, which looks like an erotic comedy (but not a German soft-core type - "Schulmädchen report" fans would be very disappointed). You won't laugh much, but you can smile (and this is something you often don't get from Hamilton). Unlike all of Hamilton's other films, the woman's age varies. Unlike the other films, the protagonist is a boy. Unlike his usual jobs, this is not out of place and out of time. We have characters who live their lives, have their own destiny and do not guide us from just one photo to another, from one naked girl to another. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, Hamilton (again) gets lost with a script in his hands. Girls on the beaches, in the shower, in poorly lit rooms, in the gardens, under the curtains, in front of the mirrors, regardless of the amount of clothes - this is its territory, it can shoot minutes and hours, and whatever you do you always hear behind the eye and the hand of the artist. But when he has to present us with the average life of every day, he stops being Hamilton and becomes an average director who simply follows the script. Hamilton is best known for his nudes, but they are only part of his job. And in Tendres's cousins ​​we have a reverse situation: her girls are not in the best shots. Nature, garden, home remind us of Hamilton's work (an often overlooked part), while girls, even if naked, have nothing special about the way they present us. Maybe Hamilton was confused by having a guy in front of the camera, maybe he was thinking of a line that the censorship would have accepted, maybe he was really trying to do something new (and no one dared to tell him he shouldn't), but he neglected for what was mostly praised.
