I like the artistic photographs of David Hamilton of naked women on the border of femininity, sometimes erotic, though never pornographic. They liked someone else too, because my books on David Hamilton were stolen. In a book some photos of a boy, obviously naked, intimate with a young woman older than him, also naked, were seen. Although discreet, there was a strong sexual connotation. New territory for David Hamilton that turned out to be either images from the movie Tendres Cousines or maybe photos taken on the set. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately the art of natural photography does not automatically translate into cinematography. The soft focus becomes out of focus and the discrete angles become confused, perhaps because, in motion, they cannot be considered. Either you see it or you lose it and there is no time to observe, to understand. The film should be a farce, and funny things happen, but not "intertwine", perhaps because the story develops so slowly and one may wonder what is happening. Eventually, 14-year-old Julien relates to his cousin, but it is a soft nucleus, with no genital contact shown on the camera. Since it is a farce, we have a disappointing virgin and an embarrassing caught in the act and, having taken them, Julien's father even gives him a cigarette to complete the experience. In all honesty, the film is in French and conforms to French film forms, which may be too subtle for most Americans, even with English subtitles to help us with the Philistines. <br /> <br /> It has been suggested that this film is a child pornography and this certainly stems from today's climate in which sexual exploitation of children is clearly a serious problem. No one in their right mind wants to approve or appear to support the sexual abuse of children, so there is practically no more space for children to see even in the most delicate erotic context without immediately triggering alarms about sexual violence and exploitation. Guys will think "Lucky Julien!" although I agree that sex and children in movies are a "bad thing", and all the while they still wish they could have been a Julien at that age. Women may also have similar thoughts, but all these considerations must be expelled from the conscious mind. Hysterically, the worst assumptions have become automatic and issues relating to children and sex are strictly avoided. Too bad, because sexual awakening is a true human experience. After all, children grow up and become sexual beings like Julien. It is a suitable literary subject, including cinema, but taboo under the threat of sexual violence against children. David Hamilton, I believe, was also in danger of shooting a film on this subject also in 1980. He had some success in exploring this delicate subject and, unfortunately, it is unlikely that we will see better in the near future for fear of a child pornography label.
