This was a very funny film and I liked it a lot, usually I don't entrust films like these (for example indies) but I was attracted to the film because it had an incredible cast that included Jamie Kennedy, whom I loved from the Scream trilogy. The director risked (and it is a risky risk) to tell the lives of many (and I mean many) different people and to have the plot at various intervals. Taking that risk was a good idea because the end result is an extraordinarily good film. <br /> <br /> The film has some main characters; Dwight (Jamie Kennedy) - a dissatisfied fortune cookie writer whose relationship with his girlfriend hangs in the balance due to a discussion. Wallace Gregory (John Carroll Lynch) - a magazine technician / airplane technician who has a love for all living things (except perhaps the domestic maids) and who despite his good heart has a growing amount of bad luck. Cyr (Brian Cox) - the owner of a Chinese restaurant / donut shop that is a germaphobe and because of his fear of germs puts pressure on his assistant / cook Sung - (Alexis Cruz) to keep up with his phobia. Ernie - (Christopher Bauer) is married to Olive - (Christina Kirk), to whom he is convinced he is rehearsing; Stop having fun, ridicule, go crazy and don't live a normal life. They start to have petty and almost crazy arguments and Olive seriously begins to doubt Ernie. Gordon - (Grant Heslov) is a man whose life is not going very well, since bad things start to accumulate in his life and he decides to take it in hand. Mitchel - (Jon Huertas) is convinced that Gwen - (Alexandra Westcourt) is the girl of his dreams and that they are destined to each other, even if she is more skeptical. Try to woo all his possibilities and surely make attempts! Johnston - (Michael Hitchcock) has just been fired from his job and has doubts about his role as a supplier, he takes another job for which he is not suitable. His wife Annelle - (Arabella Field) is comforting through her experience of losing her job until she learns that Johnston wasn't really the loving husband she thought she was. <br /> <br /> All in all, I absolutely recommend this movie! <br /> <br /> -Erica
