The only reason I am giving a 9 is that the other young actors who played Tadashi's torturers were not up to the task. I assume they were just children who were right and practical, but they weren't well trained, and their scenes were a minor annoyance. <br /> <br /> I say not to judge this by US standards because it is full of ambiguities and types of misunderstandings that Japanese culture readily embraces, and does not escape the moral constraints of the black hat / white hat USA 'i films are regularly submitted to. For example, there is a precious and funny moment when Tadashi's small band of yokai comrades find themselves abandoned and abandoned by the other yokai, and Shojo - the shrewd Kirin Herald - does what many stressed Japanese adults would do. Tip: this would not happen in a Disney movie. This photo also has the best product placement for the beer you'll ever see in children's movies. <br /> <br /> At the beginning, there is a moment when a teacher teaches a couple of bullies in the lead with her attendance book. There was a TV commercial in Japan a couple of years before this film came out. It was a stop-motion animation on a child who is depressed and plays the guitar and sings the blues in his room. His mother screams from downstairs to shut up. Then, someone gives him a bar and he rejoices and sings a happy tune, but his mother comes in and tells him to shut up again and gives him a slap of drugs that leaves him a dent in his forehead. I mention this advertisement because it was considered fun, and I didn't hear any objections while I was there. There is much more bloodshed and physical cruelty on the screen in "The Great Yokai War" than what you might find in a Disney movie. As a parent, if it were an American film, I would be in love with these things, even if not necessarily the moral lessons drawn at the end of the picture, which, of course, are not even in black and white. Since it is a Japanese film, I accept that those cultural norms allow images that would not exceed the standards and practices of police in a US production. However, I would probably be a little uncomfortable bringing children to see it without giving them some sort of pre-show and / or post-show debriefing on violence and other things out of color, or I would expect them to be older for show it to them.
