I Last night I had the pleasure of watching the BUG movie at the Florida Film Festival and let me say that it was a real surprise. The Directors were there and then asked a series of questions and answers. The film starts with a guy smashing a cockroach under his foot, a man who is nearby parking his car sees the boy crush him and runs to ask the boy "why? Why? Had to kill that living creature?" In a hurry to advise young people in the error of his ways, the man neglects to pay his parking meter, which starts a whole chain of events that involve people for nothing related to him, some funny, some sad and others ridiculous. a lot of laughter, a lot! and there are many actors you will recognize.The main actors who stood out in the film for me were: Jamie Kennedy (from his comedy show Jamie Kennedy Experiment, who plays a fortune cookie writer, John Carroll Lynch (who plays Drew's brother during the Drew Carey show) who plays the animal a loving boy who can't do it well, Brian Cox (The original Hannibal Lecter in Ma nhunter) who plays the germaphobic master of a donut and a discarded Chinese food. A line in which Cox tells his chef to wash away the blood of the pigs that is on the sidewalk saying "clean up that death" which is pretty funny especially because of the "germ-obsessed" delivery of Cox.The most enjoyable moment of the film comes when a boy imitates his father, who he heard at the beginning of the day screaming `MotherF ***** 'while in class.Another scene extremely funny and surreal is when Trudie Styler (the same Mrs. Sting) and another actor perform a scene in a cable access show, from the boy's movie in the plastic bubble The actor who hosts the show for access cable is simply unbelievable, so serious and impassive and its performance as both the doctor and the boy in the plastic bubble are compelling. There are many other beautiful and funny actors and actresses in this film and having shot it in less than a month with a budget of about $ 1 million, directors Phil Hay and Matt Manfredi (who are professional screenwriters, after writing crazy / beautiful and the upcoming Tuxedo with Jackie Chan) made a fantastic, fun and endearing film.
