Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy are the most famous comedy pair in history, and deservedly so, so I'm happy to see any of their films. Professor Noodle (Lucien Littlefield) is nearing completion of his rejuvenation formula, with the ability to reverse aging after twenty years. Ollie and Stan are the chimney sweeps arriving to do their job, and very quickly Ollie wants to run away from Stan making mistakes. Ollie goes up to the roof to help with the other end of the brush at the top of the chimney, but Stan in the living room ends up pushing him back into the attic. After breaking an extension, Stan gets a replacement, a loaded pistol, from the wall and, of course, he shoots the brush. Stan goes up to take a look, and Ollie, standing on the roof of the roof attic, falls into the greenhouse. Stan asks if he was injured, and Ollie only responds with "I have nothing to say". Ollie returns to the roof, and he and Stan end in a tug and throw a squab that ends up in Ollie falling and destroying the chimney. Ollie, without a hat, in the fireplace is hit in the head by many bricks that come down, and the butler Jessup (Sam Adams) is covered in ash smoke, oh, and Ollie has nothing to say to Stan yet. The boys decide to clean up the mess, and when Stan rips the carpet with the shovel, Ollie asks "You can't do any good", and Stan answers "I have nothing to say", stepping on the shovel on his head. While Ollie keeps a bag for Stan to shovel the ashes, they get distracted by a painting on the wall, and the ashes end up in Ollie's pants, so Stan gets another shovel on his head. Professor Noodle finishes his formula and does a final test on a duck, with a drop in a water tank, turning it into a duckling. He also shows the boys his success, turning the duckling into an egg, and then proposes to use a human subject, his butler. While he leaves, the boys decide to test the formula on their own, but Ollie ends up being hit by Stan in the water tank with all the formula. In the end, what came out of Ollie once, a monkey, and when Stan asks him to talk, everything, Ollie says, "I have nothing to say," and Stan whines. Full of wonderful slapsticks and all the classic comedies you could want from a black and white film, it's a fun movie. Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy were number 7 in the Comedian Comedian. Very good!
