This is an unusual comedy by Laurel & Hardy with something of a double personality: sometimes it seems that two films made in different styles are united in a single short. Fortunately, each portion is fun in its own right, and the seemingly effortless clowning of the boys brings the day and synthesizes the disparate elements of the film into a fun whole. Even though I've never heard a fan mention DIRTY WORK as his favorite Laurel & Hardy comedy, it's still one that everyone seems to like. <br /> <br /> Our story is set in the home of Professor Noodle, which is a key element of the plot: a wildly extravagant parody of Mad Scientist scenarios. This marks a rare adventure in the science fiction territory for L & H; Abbott & Costello and The Three Stooges intertwine with crazy doctors far more often than Stan and Ollie. In any case, the professor is obsessed with creating a rejuvenating serum that can make people younger, while his sarcastic butler, Jessup, expresses the viewer's skepticism with rolled eyes and the occasional dry joke. Meanwhile, Stan and Ollie are chimney sweeps appearing at the professor's home the day he finalizes his solution. Their "portion" of the film consists of a characteristic (but first-rate) slapstick involving the chimney, the roof, the shovels and a series of unfortunate setbacks. If you don't like watching these guys ruin a task, you probably won't like the dirty work, but for the fans of the team this movie is a party. The highlight comes when Ollie falls through the chimney, lands in the chimney, and is then hit with bricks that fall on his head with exasperating rhythmic precision, one by one. I also like the stroke of Ollie that falls from the roof into a greenhouse; the work process is so lousy that I suspect it was something of an internal joke, the way W.C. Fields' films featured the worst projection screens in the world. <br /> <br /> The slapstick material is a lot of fun, but it is the reason of the mad scientist that makes this film unusual and two support players deserve a bowler hat tip: prolific actor character Lucien Littlefield is formidable as the professor who delivers his overripe lines with gusto and giggles with joyous joy, while Sam Adams is a point in Jessup the less obvious role of the butler. Great as Stan Laurel and Oliver Hardy were in full age, it is always worth noting that their supporting casts at the Hal Roach studio gave a huge boost to their films. So he usually played the background music of Le Roy Shield, but DIRTY WORK marks a rare occasion in this period that a Roach play has no musical accompaniment after the opening credits. Mood music may have improved the process, but it doesn't matter; this is still a very funny comedy and a prime example of what made Laurel & Hardy so popular in their day.
