I found this film for the first time when I was looking for some works in which Stéphane Rideau had participated, still in an extraordinary abduction caused by the surprisingly beautiful "Les roseaux sauvages" (in Portuguese, Juncos Silvestres), by André Téchiné. I was looking for similar films, in the line of maturity. So I found "Presque Rien", a film in which director Sébastien Lifshitz delightfully surprised us, winning a nomination at the Cannes festival in 2000. The story is about two boys, the "next door guy", Mathieu (Jérémie Elkaïm) and Cédric (Stéphane Rideau), who meet during the summer holidays. In a land far from where he lives, Mathieu spends days on the beach with his sister. There he meets Cédric, a local, with whom he begins this aesthetic and revealing relationship, much by means of the sensual and seductive personality that Stéphane Rideau gives to his characters, (in "Les roseaux sauvages", 6 years younger, he still preserves the l ' innocence of the sweet seducer, the witch matures here in the experience). Exemplary in directing, in the love sequence, the intimate and confessional description that is made about a boy who must first face sexuality (still ambiguous) and great love. First love, in its terrible progression, ecstasy, despair. The best of the film is the best of France: the fervent passion, the warm and excited rationalism, the brownish beauty, the simple and natural acceptance made by families, even if not without surprise and first anger. However, there is the beach, the brightness, the lightness and simplicity of summer, the freshness of the breeze, the melody of the surge and the expressive eyes of an introverted Elkaïm (hesitant, wounded, perplexed, passionate). Sex is neither avoided nor exploited, it is treated as it is, without an exhibitionist intention. By virtue of pure talent, it is a theatrical work of rare quality, without economic sentimentality, which shows an inevitably real image of two homosexuals in their primary youth as any ordinary person, albeit with a social fear of rejection and shame. It is worthy of being seen, especially by those who love French films (although the DVD cover is very disgusting, with the two actors among the dozens of stars, anointed with brillantina). A movie witch, in my opinion, deserves an 8-9!
