I agree that the film is a bit slow in the commercials that have many scenes of everyday life that are trivial and without dialogue. And I wasn't impressed immediately after seeing it. However, after a few days, I realized that the film stays with me and evokes a melancholy mood that remains in my mind. My appreciation for this film increases. It certainly deserves a higher consideration than those films that are immediately forgettable. <br /> <br /> As many have commented, the film is not linear and this is a hallmark of European film production compared to the linear narrative form that Favori di Hollywood really does not know if it is true or not. Many also dislike its confusing structure and lack of clear explanations. For those viewers, I don't think there is much I can say to change their opinions. However, for others who still have to watch the movie, expect to be challenged and DO NOT expect the film to provide all the answers and you could come and enjoy it more than you would otherwise like. <br /> <br /> The movie skips a bit, but only tells 3 periods. Pay attention to hair style and you can easily separate 2 of the 3 periods. Moreover, it is not as confusing as suggested; just have fun and in the end it will all be clear. <br /> <br /> Yes, many things have not been said or are not shown, and many situations are left unexplored. But isn't that what life is? A lot of the time you're unsure of the motivations of your friends / loved ones unless you compare them and even then, you can never be 100% sure if they told you the whole truth. This type of film forces us to interpret the reasons behind the actions. However, the film leaves enough hints to formulate some reasonable hypotheses. For example, Mathieu is manic-depressive, to the point of committing suicide. Why? I don't know, maybe his life isn't going exactly as he expects; perhaps he misses his family but has not forgiven his father for having abandoned his sick mother in his hours of need; perhaps, after all, he sacrifices for Cedric, reorganizing and indeed, destroying his life to be with him, he realizes that it's all "coming off". I think the director wanted to show us that he was always a little off, a fragile mentality for that scene with the dead bird. Maybe he has a very sensitive psyche and all these stresses are damaging him. But we are also shown that he is not an animal psychopath tortured by his loving interaction with the stray cat. Furthermore, there is a conversation between the doctor and Cedric that clarifies the reason for the breakup and perhaps the suicide attempt. The doctor asks him if everything is okay, and Cedric thinks so even if he betrayed Mathieu once, but this is nothing, according to Cedric. This is the only reason, we don't know, there are probably others, all mixed together. Is it essential that we know exactly what they are? I don't think so for this movie. Another revealing sign that in the end they are not compatible is the scene of historical ruins. Mathieu is interested in the study of ruins, Cedric no. He is the only hormone that focuses only on the physical side without an intellectual side that Mathieu obviously needs. <br /> <br /> Finally, the ending is really quite hopeful and sweet. I was pleasantly surprised by the turn of events after the dark tone that is approaching the end. <br /> <br /> I have two complaints for the DVD. One is the sound. It's very soft I had to turn up the volume to listen to the dialog box and then when it went to a bar or an outdoor crowd scene, it became too loud. The other is that the subtitles cannot be deactivated; remain on the screen. Most of the DVDs of foreign films not published by a main studio are unfortunate, unfortunately.
