'Presque Rien' ('Come Undone') is a previous work by writer / director Sébastien Lifshitz (with the collaboration of writer Stéphane Bouquet - the team that gave us the next "Wild Side"). When we come to understand Lifshitz's way of narration, each of his works becomes more treasurable. Allowing his tender and delicate love stories to unfold in the same casual manner found in the minds of confused and insecure young people - past time, time spent, reflective time, imagined time, time alone - Lifshitz makes his stories more personal, involving the viewer with every aspect of character responses. It takes a bit of work to put his method in, but going with his technique draws us deeply into the film. <br /> <br /> Mathieu (handsome and talented Jérémie Elkaïm) is visiting the sea for a vacation, once allowing his mother (Dominique Reymond) to fight with his indefinite illness, cured by the wise and worldly Annick ( Marie Matheron) and accompanied by her sister Sarah (Laetitia Legrix): their distant father remained at home for work reasons. Weaving in and out of the film's earliest moments are the images of Mathieu alone, of the depressed air, of trains, talking to someone in a small tape recorder. One wonders if the action that takes place is all memory or contemporary action. <br /> <br /> As he lies in the sun, Mathieu notices a beautiful youth of his age who plays him, and we can feel Mathieu's emotions quivering with confusion. The young Cédric (Stéphane Rideau) follows Mathieu and his sister house, continuing the mystery of attraction. Soon Cédric approaches Mathieu and a gentle introduction leads to a kiss that begins a passionate obsession with love. Mathieu is terrified of the direction he is taking, rejects Cédric's public approaches, but continues to look for deliveries. The two young people are in a state of falling in love and the staging of the physical aspect of this relationship, so necessary to understand this story, is shared with the public in some very erotic and sensual scenes. Yet as summer wears Mathieu, a busy student, he realizes that Cédric is a tramp who works at a carnival test. It becomes evident that Cédric is the Dionysian partner while Mathieu is the Apollonian: in a critical moment in the architectural ruin Mathieu is excited by the beauty of history and space, while Cédric is only interested in the place as a new haven for making love. <br /> <br /> Mathieu is a complex person, who faces his family ties driven by a critical illness and a father not present, the fear of his rapidly growing sexuality and his nascent passion for Cédric. Their moments of joy are upset by Cédric's admission of infidelity and Mathieu's inability to deal with that problem and eventually separate. Time passes, family changes are made and Mathieu goes to depression, including a suicide attempt. The way in which Mathieu faces all these challenges and finds comfort, strangely, in one of Cédric's past lovers, Pierre (Nils Ohlund) takes the film to an ambiguous but absolutely successful climax. <br /> <br /> After seeing the film the feeling of identification with these characters is so strong that the desire to start the film from the beginning with the knowledge of the complete story is powerful. Lifshitz gave us a meditation film with passion, conflicts with the powers of passion found in love and a silent film of silences and fantasies that are incomparably beautiful. The entire cast is superb and the direction is delicate and provocative. Lifshitz is certainly one of the bright lights of the film. In French with English subtitles. Highly recommended. Grady Harp
