What a strangely wonderful fantasy, even if sometimes light and voluminous, of big budget. Takashi Miike had already shown, when he arrived at The Great Yokhai War, that he could immerse himself in other films apart from his supposed crime / yakuza niche (Visitors Q and Andromedia proved it, the first major one). . But here, in his first and only screenplay film, Miike does not show that he is able to deliver the goods on a postmodern soup of mythical fantasy conventions, and with it loaded with CGI, creature effects and makeup, and an epic battle that looks more like a "festival" than something from the Lord of the Rings. Comparisons can be made far and wide, to be sure, and the most obvious one to jump to would be Miyazaki, for the seemingly unique blend of child-as-big-heroes, power-hungry sorcerers seeking the energy of the earth as the main source, the machinery as the greatest evil, and many creatures defined bizarrely, with a flamboyant design (or Yokai of the title). But there may also be comparisons with Star Wars, particularly with the Gungan battle in TPM, and with the whole power game between good and evil with similar forces. Or souls like Samurai 7. Or, of course, Henson's movies. And through all these comparisons, and also through the defects or moments of overcoming, it is Miike completely with the sensitivity of the effects and the characters. <br /> <br /> Here, Ryunosuke Kamiki plays Tadashi, the prototype kid who begins as a kind of gullible and sensitive to the things of the world, but will become the hero in a world that enters darkness. The darkness comes from an evil sorcerer, who receives his energy from all the anger and miserable vibrations of the human world, and who is also starting to put to death the spirits and other creatures, the Yokhai, in a fire that sends giant robots that have only one mission: to destroy and kill anything in their path. Tadashi is pumped to fight Sato the sorcerer as the Yokai, once the main follower and cohort of Sato, Agi (Chiay Kuriyama of Kill Bill, another great nastiness) steals Tadashi's little furry companion, a Sunekosuri. Soon, things come to a climax, in a climax that brings to mind many other movies and fantasy stories, but can be contained, to a certain extent, by Miike and his crew. I would probably recommend The Great Yokai War for children, but in the forward note it is not a fantasy watered down in American circles. This has creatures galore, including a one-eyed umbrella stand, and a walking talking wall, not to mention a turtle, a fiery snake, and a woman who was cursed by Sato. So the variety is at the top for that purpose, and you could almost hear the creatures and effects - which grow to unfathomable levels when the "festival" hits with the Yokai reaching hundreds of miles in range. But there is also a sense of fantasy that is strong in both light and darkness, and Sunekosuri becomes perhaps the greatest emotional tool available to Miike (and not just because it is exquisite squared); where else to anger an audience rather than a small ball of hairy fury, which ends in a tragic battle with Tadashi in the form of a robot? <br /> <br /> Yet in all this, the sense of anarchy that can be found in the brightest points of Miike's career is here too, which sets him apart from his animated counterparts, Muppet and science fiction. There is the bizarre humor as usual, including a song dedicated to Akuzi beans at a crucial moment in the climax, and more than a few fancy flights with creatures and fighting scenes (I love, for example, the boy with the big blue head who must make it smaller, or the anxious tortoise-Yokai). The greatest danger with Miike's access to larger special effects and the magic of computers, with which he flirts, is excessive for this purpose. He has everything, I'm sure, with storyboards, and creates some memorable impressions with some compositions (one of them is when all is said and done, and Tadashi and the other human character are in the middle of Tokyo rubble in a header) , but the CGI is sometimes a little unconvincing with the robots, and the interplay skirts on the flaming TOO, and some images, like the overlap of the Yokai spreading the word about the great festival on the map, only seem weak and pat. I almost wondered if Miike could dive into the (bad) territory of Spy Kids, frankly. <br /> <br /> But apart from this responsibility, The Great Yokai War offers more than a part of excitement, goofy thrills and innocent melodrama that came with many of the best fantasies of childhood. He owes much to the cinema, as well as to traditional Japanese folklore, but the screws always run even in his most ridiculous and whirling confusing beats. He is not the filmmaker at his best, but working in experimentation in a commercial medium ends up working to his advantage. It has a small clean message and a fantastic adventure. 7.5 / 10
