A lot of people are hung on this movie tag as a "children's movie", and that certainly is, even if it is one made for adults. Takashi Miike uses the fantasy genre, in particular, the children's fantasy genre, as a springboard into the wild territory that is the Great Yokai War. <br /> <br /> Installation is simple: a boy is selected to play the hero at this year's annual festival, only to find out his role is much more real than he could have imagined. What follows is a hallucinatory, grotesque, capricious and often entertaining journey through the world of Japanese folklore, but wait for there to be a bad villain on the loser who wants to destroy the world. However, the villain here is not just a demon, it is the demonic spirit of the accumulated resentment of those things that humans "use" and "discard". Using a chamber made of pure liquid hatred / resentment, the wicked transform the bright and colorful Yokai spirits into robust ten-foot-high robots that chainsaw arms and eyes like hot coals (the ones that played the video game, Sonic The Hogghog, they might remember a certain Doctor Robotnik performing procedures similar to those of the tender and tender Sonic had to "free". <br /> <br /> The hero in this film is actually the least interesting character, essentially the role of a world that has suddenly gone mad, although he goes through the typical hero tests, he is more often than not brooding, as do many of the same Yokia, who seem really defenseless against murderous robots, some spirits are eyes umbrellas, talking walls, or creatures whose soul purpose in life is to count beans ... naturally in this magical world of Miike's Yokai war, beans also take on magical power when you believe in them. <b r /> <br /> In several ways this film subverts the normal conventions of children's imagination, as few, if any, of the characters are heroic, their victory is a combination of randomness, almost arbitrary faith and a desire to celebrate. The Yokai spirits gather together and besiege the villains' hideout, having exchanged the end of the Earth invasion for a great Yokai festival, and even just to dance and celebrate. Even the film ends not with the usual celebratory, but everything ends well, but with a final scene, which shows our hero years older, with an adult job, now unable to see the Yokai spirits of his youth, who then they turn towards the bad, that being a spirit can never really die. This ending, with its Yokai spirit which is the spitting image of the Pokemon Pikachu, warns us not only to leave our childhood selves behind, but the horrors of over-consumption. The bad is the resentment caused when humans no longer have respect for the world and the objects around them (in Japanese folklore almost every object has a kind of spirit), and so when they are used and discarded like us in consumer societies they do so without reverence, they become vindictive soulless machines, not unlike those seen in modern video games, suggesting that even if our imagination and myth have never really died, they can be deformed. <br /> <br /> This is one of the first scripts that Miike has contributed to, and I believe that this shows, since conceptually there is a tension that is sometimes swept under the carpet by its exuberance for visual play . Although I mainly focused on the story (since many users here seem to write it), I mean that visually it is a CGI kaleidoscope, stop animation, costume and live puppets, which works very well. There is a dreamlike quality in many films, and comparisons with Miyazaki are guaranteed, as are comparisons of NeverEnding Story and Labrynth, although this film is sharper and more adult than both. The Yokai are beaten, brutalized and transformed into machines of living hatred, which I believe even kill a few humans, a calf deformed and aborted with a man's face born and dies in the grotesque opening of the films, while a sexual undercurrent, the women with the long neck that licks the face of our hero boy, or another lingering memory of characters touching the thigh of a young aquatic spirit dressed as a boy, seem to linger a little too long for most Western tastes, especially considering that this is a "children's movie". However these are light enough to capture the attention of adults while they are small enough not to traumatize children. The fables of Grims, before the revisions, went much worse, much more often. <br /> <br /> All this is one of the most accessible and engaging projects of Miikes, with enough visual dramas and great shows (the Yokai spirits have a humanism and an absurd humor for them, which sometimes laugh at funny cracks) to attract audiences of all ages and a constant conceptual current strong enough to attract an adult audience that allegedly brought their children or that came out of a sense of nostalgia for the lost fantasy films of their youth. The second group of the film seems to face the most fervent, asking that they not only continue the passive consumption of the world around them, but show respect for those spirits that surround them that seemed much closer to reality in childhood. Another beautiful, funny and truly original film by an electrifying director who has not approached its peak. Instant classic
