This is probably the best TV show I've ever seen. I saw it for the first time on Comedy Central several years ago. At the time I didn't know that it had been dramatically modified and that it had been shown out of service, and having just seen all three series in order and unpublished (thanks to the internet and your wonderful "series of tubes"), I am like this happy that I rediscovered it! I think the Comedy Central was chosen and chose its way through the series one and two to make a "season" ...... and I tried to convince friends and relatives to watch it, but nobody really seemed to like it ( I need new friends). So, by myself, I took the best I could. Even when I felt that he was going down a little, I still felt compelled to keep watching. Years later, when I discovered Little Britain, I immediately recognized Pauline of LoG who had influenced Marjorie in Fat Fighters. Also, I love the idea of ​​writers playing the whole show ... (not new, but done flawlessly here). LB has nothing on LoG! (No offense, Matt and David .... I love you)! This is indeed a piece of gloomy comic genius. Serial murder, implicit cannibalism ... you call it and it is probably in this wonderful, unique piece of television art. The shots of the position from the first scene itself are chilling and seem to invite you to visit the city of Royston Vasey ..... You will never leave! I think my favorite character should be Tubbs, but every character depicted has his "charm". My favorite was Papa Lazarous, until he re-emerged in the three series (intelligent and totally unexpected)! It is better to look at several episodes in a row that guide the continuity and, as I said before, it becomes so irresistible (while repelling) that you can't really stop looking. This is not for those with weak stomachs, children, conservatives or grandmother (unless you have a naughty grandmother)! I have always loved British TV, especially comedies, from Monty Python to Benny Hill, Red Dwarf to Keeping Up Appearances, Absolutely Fabulous and the original British Coupling and The Office (but not their US counterparts .... sorry). This is different from all those in that it completely redesigns the line between what is fun and what is just sick and twisted. Nothing, NOTHING on US TV has ever come close to this level of entertainment. TV broadcast in the United States is so sad and lame, I can barely stand ANYONE. It's a little sad that even our cable channels don't have the courage to show unpublished versions of this jewel (your loss, Comedy Central). Fortunately there are shows like this that come from "beyond the pond" that redeem the entire half every decade or so. The basic cable here in the United States has taken small steps in recent years in "cross lines" with more graphic sexual content, drug use and adult language, but they are still years away from deciding to be adults to show real life, adult behavior (instead of obsession with murder and blowing things up, sheesh, it's like the same basic format of the show for the last 35 years)! Don't even get me started with American sitcoms! Waste of time and a lot of money wasted ...... did you know that "According to Jim" has been on the air for 10 years ??? 10 YEARS?? Anyway ... watch this show, get it on DVD, do what you need and then let your friends watch too! You've never seen anything like it. There are three special offers that I haven't seen yet ... I'm saving them to make them jump on my best friend the next time they visit. He will look at them, even if I have to chain them and paint them with Excrement! Lines and lines and lines and lines! Note that series three starts from one and two .... the largest city seems to fall to focus on new characters, laughter has disappeared (thanks to hell), the theme is more band and less orchestra and a little of the story takes place outside of Royston Vasey. Not to be thrown by any of these as in the end, the series has retained the quiet perversity first shown in the series one and two. I think these four guys have created something indefinable. Brilliant, confident and absolutely insane. You will want to see it again and again. It is amazing that in 5 seconds of screen time they can go from economic sighting to horrible curses to end up with a close facial expression from single actors. If I ever meet one of the writers / performers, I would beg them not to recreate it or try to use it ... I would simply say "Can I help you?" (Then they probably slap me, so I would ask them to sign the slap sign)! 10 out of 10
