Simon Pegg plays the part of Sidney Young, a young entertainment writer who started a career as a writer for a basic magazine specializing in mistreating the superficiality and superficiality of the rich and famous. He's making a career out of celebrities in crisis, even though he desperately wants to be a celebrity himself. The film is based on the very bizarre career of Toby Young, who also ran a small magazine in the UK called Modern Review, which offered fierce criticism on pretty much everything that could be imagined, until it closed the magazine in a shower of bullets verbal with his co-editor, and then went on a spectacular career failed as a writer for Vanity Fair, which is practically the part of his life told in this film. <br /> <br /> At first he is excited to go to work for a major publication (called Sharp's Magazine in the film), and despite his active nerves he is positively radiant on his first day. He meets the chief editor, Clayton Harding (played by Jeff Bridges), who is as tough as a nail but who is also exactly the kind of editor he needs to be a young man like Young to keep his job to the magazine. It offers little in the form of Young's immediate acceptance, but it also has what can be described as liberal tolerance to Young's offensive antics and inappropriate behavior. <br /> <br /> Much of the comedy in the film is derived from Young's misunderstanding or indifference to the generally accepted code of public behavior and the peculiar label implicit in dealing with the rich and the famous. But is Sidney's reasons for acting in such a strange way and giving externally offensive interviews because he believes he hates the whole culture of celebrities and, apparently, believes in that old saying? "If you can't defeat them, join them and then defeat them." <br /> <br /> The complicated issues are two very different women. There is a charming and normal girl in the magazine Alison Olsen (Kirsten Dunst) who at the beginning is upset by Sidney's obvious arrogance and feminization and by a stunning model named Sophie (Megan Fox), who represents the culture of celebrity. Needless to say, the endless attack of superficiality and celebrity in Sydney is a superficial lust for Sophie, the one with the appearance of a star. <br /> <br /> Sophie is incredibly beautiful, it's true, but we also see that she doesn't have a single thought that buzzes in her head. Alison is a normal girl, not very interesting or attractive, but Dunst's performance makes her a real person, a relationship with her would have all the reality of a Britney Spears marriage, yet the film maintains a certain level of credibility because, despite how much of course, we also feel Sidney's pain in not following her (I felt it anyway). <br /> <br /> H Ow To Lose Friends and Alienate People has a rather interesting premise and is full of honest and satisfying performances, and although it turns into some of your standard romantic comedy from the third act, it has a variety of well developed and interesting characters. Danny Huston, for example, gives us a great performance like Alison's other love interest, which pays tribute to The Big Lebowski (also played by Bridges) with his ever-present White Russian, one of my favorite drinks. Buying Absolute and Kahlua here in China costs the equivalent of around $ 350, but my kitchen is never without them. <br /> <br /> I can't wait for Simon Pegg to move a little, because I love his films, but I'm not sure of his range. He played a serious character in Hot Fuzz, but only serious in relation to the madness that surrounds him, and he finally returned to being himself again, which was practically in Shaun of the Dead, Run, Fat Boy, Run, and now How to lose friends. It is a rising star, it will be interesting to see what else it can do.
