I really enjoyed watching this movie! At first, seeing his poster I thought it was just another easy romantic comedy ... but it's simply more than that! I personally believe that this idea (which I'm sure most of the spectators had just before seeing the film) is another important part of the great concept of this film itself (or even of its marketing strategy)! What I mean is: today we are slaves of images! To impressions! I went to the cinema to see this movie that had the wrong impression, the wrong expectations and in the end I felt how shallow I could be! To illustrate, I am reminded of the sequence towards the end in which Sidney buys his plane ticket to return to New York and when he is asked to "give an autograph", that is to sign for the ticket, he believes that just because he has entered into TV thanks to the prize scandal which is now a kind of celebrity. And this is only, I believe, the culminating point of this main theme around which the film revolves. In addition to this, I believe that the film also offers us a solution to get along, illustrated in the film by Sidney's attitude: do not become too serious with yourself or anyone else ... "even the saints were people at the beginning "... as Sophie once says in the film. The saints of the moment are the stars. We attribute to them an aura of perfection, of eternal happiness, but the reality is much less than this. Even the saints of every religion are images, ideal models of how to behave and how to live their lives. They too were not real ... they became "real" after their death and we looked at them. And this is the trick: we need our saints! we need our stars! We strive for them as if it were not for them we would have nothing to pursue. And television and all other media are means to create and capture our efforts. We desperately need benchmarks on which to measure ourselves. And this is how we entered the cinema to watch this film in the first place: to see if we can adapt to the benchmark, or if the benchmark is too small for us. This time it was bigger than we expected.
