I was looking forward to losing friends and alienated people for months, especially due to the fact that Kirsten Dunst and Simon Pegg were protagonists. Simon Pegg is a comic genius and Kirsten Dunst has always been a favorite of mine. How to lose friends and alien people hit the shot! Of course it's not perfect, but very funny and fun. How to Lose Friends & Alienate People follows the life of Sidney Young, a British celebrity journalist who works from a high-end magazine in New York. Spectacularly Sidney enters high society and burns bridges with bosses, peers and superstars. After interrupting a black tie event by allowing a wild pig to spread, Sidney attracts the attention of Sharpton's director Clayton Harding and accepts a job with the New York City magazine. Clayton warns Sidney that it would be better to impress and enchant everyone he can if he wants to succeed. Instead, Sidney immediately insults and annoys fellow writer Alison Olsen (Kirsten Dunst). He has the courage to target the main customers of the advertising power Eleanor Johnson (Gillian Anderson). He also upsets his direct boss Lawrence Maddox (Danny Huston). Sidney finds creative ways to annoy almost everyone. His saving grace, a growing actress Sophie Maes (Megan Fox) who develops a strange affection for him. Over time, Allison's friendship could be the only thing that saved Sydney from her bearish career. The plot is very interesting and the acting is top notch for what the actors gave. Simon Pegg is still hilarious as ever! It makes bumbling Sydney, hateful and annoying as real, but later on in time, making Sydney not only nice, but also a true character who eventually takes root. Kirsten Dunst and Jeff Bridges were fantastic! Kirsten has starred in wonderful and funny scenes, and Jeff Bridges is simply Jeff F * cking Bridges! How can you not like him? It makes Clayton a very humorous character with a little spirit and on the whole he just loves the boy. Gillian Anderson, Megan Fox and Danny Huston were as big as the supporting cast. Everyone had their own personality that was quite unlikely overall, but that's what made the film work. One thing I didn't like was the one-dimensional dimension of the characters. I understand that most of it was the supporting cast, but some of the casts were little used and could have given the film a little more pepper. How to lose friends and Alienated People will never be in the top 10 movies of any of all time, or even in the top 10 comedies of all time, but it has a very high level of entertainment and some scenes might even fascinate you. How to Lose Friends & Alienate People is certainly one of the most romantic comedies of the year! 8/10
