Raggedy Ann and Raggedy Andy THE MOVIE talks about dolls that come to life when humans are not around. In this adventure they must save a French kidnapped doll named Babette from the pirate captain. On their way they travel through Deep Dark Woods, Taffy Pit and even Looney Land. Their new friend's helper Camel With Wrinkled Knees will help them or slow them down with his hallucinations of his friends leaving him? How will they escape from King Kookoo and his henchmen ?! What will their owner Marcella say when he sees his 7th birthday doll present along with his other toys? Delightful surprises await the two adventurers. <br /> <br /> All scores are above a possible 10: Story: 8 - Very nice. Dolls that come to life when the teacher is not around. Not just because they go to many different places, but they are in an imaginary world so that everything can happen. Meeting new characters, going to different places looking for new friends, it's great. The characters all work so well in this and who doesn't love pirates ?! Acting: 8 - Each character fits their voice so well. In particular, the villain of the villain by Marlon Brando, The Greed. The French doll has a very tense French accent, the evil king of Hitler-Kookoo (who has hair that looks like Simpson's Sideshow Bob) plays his role very well, and the sad voice of the old black man for Camel works perfectly. Why was that old animation dubbed much better than a new one? Music: 10 - Nothing less than perfection here. The songs have been in my head for years, and reviewing it almost 20 years later, I can still remember each one and now we'll know exactly where these songs come from. Joe Raposo of "Sesame Street" fame has done an excellent job with the songs for this and everyone sings really well. <br /> <br /> Assembly: 6 - Heh, this is where it will get confused. I mean, how far did Raggedy go? A lot of events seem to happen one after another and there is no way of knowing WHO are the other dolls and toys like you never see them in the real world of the film, but it follows some kind of path and you know that eventually you get to where they have to go, it's pretty hard to follow sometimes. <br /> <br /> Uniqueness: 8 - Between this and Unico I should say that there are parts in both films that I will never forget, no matter how I try. Mostly the scary parts. I have probably already said that older films were much more disturbing than today's animation, but this takes the cake in the scary factor. Outside of the South Park film and some Disney movies there is almost no animated musical, or good of what comes out so it's really unique. <br /> <br /> Worth: 8- Its classic. It's worth going hunting for a good copy for sure, but the VHS copies are probably all stretched by now. The DVD version is sold on Ebay all the time and will surely be something you will watch more than once. If anything they get for nostalgic purposes. <br /> <br /> Overall score (Not an average): 8 - It is a wonderful timeless musical made in the late 1970s and can still be appreciated today. His characters are all unique and the songs are fantastic. So beautiful you could find yourself humming them over and over again. Give a hug to your favorite stuffed animal today! Reviewer's Insight (incl. Bias): it's not like the TV series by Raggedy Ann made a decade later. This was much darker than the real world. The effects in this look like a lot of other acid travel cartons from the 70s, in particular, Yellow Submarine. However, he gave me memories that I will never forget, and could still influence things today. It wasn't easy to find, but it will remain a treasure to keep forever in my DVD and video collection.
