Oh boy, God bless the 70s, we got some of the most horrible movies from that decade: The Exorcist, Jaws, The Texas Chainsaw Massacre, Halloween and now Raggedy Ann & Andy: A Musical Adventure. This film must be used to torture captured terrorists in telling us their evil plans to destroy the world, I mean seriously, this film scared the hell out of me. My sister had this film in her VHS collection and I was a little curious to know what kind of movies they would make from a doll coming out of the big depression for children with a small pocket money. What the hell? It's kind of weird how this movie is the 70s version of Toy Story, pretty much up to a key, only this was a thousand times more scary, Disney had Alice in Wonderland to participate in drug trips for kids . <br /> <br /> Every time Marcella leaves the room, Raggedy Ann, along with her brother Raggedy Andy and an entire kindergarten full of colorful toys come to life. On Marcella's birthday, a new doll, Babette, comes from Paris, France, in the United States of America. Babette is a spoiled creature who doesn't know she is a doll, but the friendly Raggedy Ann does everything she can to make Babette feel at home. However, the pirate Captain Contagious kidnaps her. Raggedy Ann and Andy left to try to save her before Marcella discovered that Babette had left. Out in the world outside the nursery school, the two meet the Camel with Wrinkled Knees, a blue toy camel that has been chased away by the previous owners and now has a broken heart and lonely. After Raggedy Ann and Andy have walked around the Camel, he begins to follow his hallucinations and without looking, runs over the edge of a cliff, into a deep hole. In this hole they meet the Avido, which is a gigantic lump of taffy that constantly eats and is never full. The Raggedys and the Camel just run off to be consumed by the Greedy and continue their journey to find Babette ?? and believe me, from this point on it just gets weirder. <br /> <br /> While this film was certainly disturbing and I just wanted to cry and cover my eyes during much of the film, this was really quite creative. Back when we had created hand-drawn animations that made films more personal and writers and animators put their hearts into it, we can say that they did it with Raggedy Ann & Andy: A Musical Adventure. This certainly wasn't the worst movie I've ever seen, but I don't know who to recommend it to. As much as I was scared, I have to admit that I'm glad I saw it, sometimes you need a "WTF ?!" film to revive your selection, believe me when I say that Raggedy Ann had no problem doing just that with me. It's official, that doll is simply disturbing, let's put it this way, there's a giant caramel river that is eating everything, a king whose head keeps getting bigger as he laughs, a bizarre thing that humiliates Raggedy Ann and her brother, a strange almost incest between Ann and Andy and a couple of naked dolls that will forever haunt my dreams with their songs. Yikes. <br /> <br /> 7/10
