It took some visions to really get me wrapped up in this, but for me Tears of Kali is one of the highlights of the 00's horror and as far as independent horror is concerned, it's a true masterpiece. Horror anthology, collects the story of the fake Taylor-Eriksson group, a type of cult based in India whose members set out in search of the maximum knowledge of themselves and the healing of the psyche, with unpleasant results that echo over the years. With segments of the registers set in India, the film is mainly composed of three stories set in Germany, which illustrate the consequences of the Taylor-Eriksson group's work, sometimes with some rather unpleasant gorillas. It's an interesting set up how these things go, but what sets this film apart is the way the images are so carefully set up to develop the horror of the film. Bad things have been unleashed and the general course of the film is a look at how the search for self-knowledge and definitive therapy brings horror to patients, healers and others and the film is loaded with intelligent visual clues to the power of the dark forces with what it deals with, dark forces unrelated to time, place or personality. Good examples of this are found especially in the first story, dealing with a journalist interviewing a lady in a psychiatric hospital. Before this story we saw Lars Eriksson and in particular his eye (lazy?) Amazing, we also see him heal or at least comfort a patient. The mental patient lady of the first story is seen in the same position as Eriksson who heals a patient, even when he wraps the canvases of the art class he runs among his fellow patients, one of their images is seen, a lazy eye-like face Eriksson. There are also references to folk in tiny, extra and walk-on roles with extra sensory perceptions of what is happening in the film, showing the wickedness that has spread and spreading to almost infect others. There is much more in the film, philosophically than simply evil, it is a film about death, suffering and the possible redemption, all linked in a structure derived from Hindu beliefs in a fashion that seems to be exploitation only but has more relationship with the current beliefs of what one might expect (at least from the research I did on wikipedia). The writer / director Andreas Marschall certainly deserves a significant credit for his ability to build the film. In addition to being thoughtful, the film is quite chilling, the soundtrack of Bharti India and Panama John has a disturbing piano tinkling and there are a couple of noteworthy shows, Michael Balaun as a sinister doctor and Cora Chilcot as a mad patient in particular good. The third story also has a nice twist from veteran Mathieu Carrière as a faith healer. The biggest problem with the film is that it is not the one that involves a lot of time, so the potential for fear is lost, but these and a couple of other performances reach involvement quite well. So, the film is not as compelling as it could be, the acting from time to time and even the rhythm, but mostly I thought it was pretty great, albeit a shade less than its possible brilliance. I think it's worth taking a look at adventurous horror fans.
