Where was this movie when I was a child? After his parents separated, Tadashi moved with his mother to live his grandfather. Tadashi's sister stays with their dad and they often talk on the phone. Grandpa is just "here" every three days. Moms are never really at home. The kids are always making fun of the poor boy. During a village festival, Tadashi is chosen as "knight of the kirin" or spiritual champion of peace and justice. Little suspicion that soon he will actually have to enter the role of hero while the forces of darkness join the anger of the things discarded in a plot to destroy humanity and the spiritual world. <br /> <br /> Okay it was the easy part. Now comes the difficult part, trying to explain the film. <br /> <br /> This is a great movie for children. No, this is a great film, imperfect, (very imperfect?) But still a great film. It unfolds like all those great books you loved as a child and it's just as thick at times when Tadashi struggles to find the strength to become a hero. Looking at it, I felt I was reading a great book and I thought how huge it would have been if it had been a book. I loved the fact that the film does not follow a normal path. Things often happen by chance or incommunicability, a character gets sucked into events simply because his foot falls asleep. There are twists and moments that seem not to be sequiters and are even more fascinating (which is typical of Miike) Surely it is a film by Takashi Miike. That master of Japanese cinema is clearly responsible for a film that he often touches, scary and funny at the same time. Nobody, apart from Miike, seems to understand that you can have many emotions at the same time, or that you can suddenly have twists while things get dark a second and then the funny ones. I admire the fact that Miike made a film that is gloomy and hopeful, which does not avoid being scary, I mean really scary, especially for children. This is the same dark territory that should be in the Harry Potter films, but rarely it is. This is a dark story of the Grimms with humor. My first reaction after seeing the opening image was that I could not believe that someone would start a children's film with an image of the end of the world, then I realized who was making the film. An affectionate greeting to Miike to make a film that knows that children can handle scary images. <br /> <br /> It also works on multiple levels. The mechanical monsters that the villains do are shaped by the discarded garbage of humanity. It is the fury of being thrown away that feeds the monsters. One of the Yokai (spirits) talks about rage shoes being thrown away because they are dirty or too small when they are thrown. You also have one of the good guys who refuses to join the bad guys because that would be the human thing to do. It's a wild concept, but like other things that float around what takes this film to another level. (there are many riffs and references to other films, TV shows and novels that ask me who this film is because children may not understand them, even if many parents will). And of course there are monsters. They run the range from cheesy to spectacular with stops everywhere in the middle. Frankly you have to forgive the irregularities of their creation simply because they have to be hundreds if not thousands of monsters on the screen. It is beautiful and it works. One of the main characters is a Yokai who I think is best described as a hamster in a tunic and is often played by a stuffed animal, it seems silly and yet you will support the little bugger and you will love every moment that you ride on Tadashi's head. (Acceptance is even easier if you've ever seen the old woodcuts of strange Japanese monsters) I mentioned flaws, and there are a few. The effects are uneven, some of the sudden twists are a bit weird (though understandable) and a few other minor things that are fading now about two hours after watching the movie .. None of them really hurt the movie, despite everything Ti I prevent being completely happy with the film. <br /> <br /> I loved this movie. I'm pretty sure that if I saw him as a child he would be my favorite movie of all time. (where is the English dubbing?). See this movie. It's a great journey. (In addition to a good introduction to Miike's films minus the blood and graphic sex)
