Announced as Takashi Miike's "first family film" - by people who have not seen Zebraman, presumably. YOKAI DAISENSO takes things even further in the direction of family friendship, diluting the darkness and cynicism to create a tale of great fantasy. A young boy is chosen by destiny to save the world from monsters and horrors of which they remain largely unaware. The film has a budget clearly superior to what Miike did, with a lot of CGI to create a fantasy world populated by strange creatures (the YOKAI). Perhaps the lack of extreme content is a consequence of more nervous investors, but I think it's probably just that he wanted to do something different. He's never been a one-trick pony, but he's often blamed for it - maybe YOKAI is designed to silence those critics. Regardless, it is a great project for Miike to channel his boundless imagination and invention. <br /> <br /> There is a very comic feel to the production, which evokes thoughts of Miyazaki in some places. The Yokai are based on an old series of comics that were shot based on Japanese folk tales, which certainly also influenced Miyazaki (particularly SPIRIT). It should be remembered that Miike has nothing to do with the budget of a Harry Potter film to work with, so the special effects will not be a seamless Hollywood-style work - some blue-screened are particularly noticeable. However, some of the special effects are fantastic, with some very well animated creatures (a mix of CG, stop motion and puppets). I think the little puppet that follows the hero around most of the movie was * thought * to look really cheap, and it's nicer for that :) The young guy who plays the hero of the movie does a very good job - It's so hard to find a pre-teen who really understands the concept of acting, but Ryunosuke Kamiki, 9, is a real talent (I see he made the voices in Miyazaki's last 2 movies!). Chiaki Kuriyama is as delicious as the fullness of the piece, even though Mai Takahashi has made an even greater impression than the princess of the river with fioia ears - yum yum! Those looking for another violent and perverted gangster movie will not find what they are looking for in YOKAI, but if you are a fan of Miike for his imagination and intelligence, there is a lot to satisfy here. And it has the added advantage that you can happily put it in any company you have :)
