Although there is melodrama in the middle or rather at the bottom of this film, the story is told beautifully and subtly and the acting is superb. Yaara, studying at Princeton, returns to his homeland for the funeral of his oldest and dearest friend, Talia. Because Yaara practically lived with her friend's parents after her mother died, she lost her adoptive sister. And since Yaara, blind from birth, was guided and guarded by Talia, her friend's suicide is as unbearable as it is inexplicable. <br /> <br /> Inevitably, the blind girl is the one who decides to solve the mystery of this death. Although she cannot see, she is able to find what is out of sight compared to the "normal" people around her. The film thus becomes a deafening mystery when Yaara looks for traces of memories of her relationship with Talia, in her adoptive family's home, in cassettes, diaries and people in Talia's past and present. <br /> <br /> I was told by Yara's point of view, the film is also seen from his point of view, while visualizing what he feels, believes and imagines. The solution to the mystery is rather conventional, but the research is conducted with such subtle care and the answer made so wonderfully and without fanfare, that the moment pat is easily forgiven. Truths emerge gradually but inexorably, clarifying not only Talia's life, but also her relationship with Yaara. Tali Sharon, like Yaara, effectively uses her mobile face and voice, and is absolutely credible in both adults and adolescents. We fully accept his skill at the end of the film to find his place in the world with more confidence. <br /> <br /> Noteworthy is the precision with which places and actions are repeated with small but significant variations that never become boring, the dead - acting for the minor characters, and the interesting decision to represent Talia only as a teenager. I will quote Yaara's final statement as a stand with Gadi, Talia's last boyfriend, on a cliff, but that journey to the limit is so fascinating that the image will remain in view longer than her words will be remembered .
