He went on TV yesterday, so I decided to try it. This was one of Bruce Timm / Paul Dini DTV's latest projects related to their old 1992 Batman the Animated Series, followed by Jeff Matsuda and re-imagined Batman with his new series The Batman, but still, the story of this new Batman the film focuses on the appearance of a new vigilante known as Batwoman, yet Batman feels the need to stop her because of her extreme methods, and in the meantime defeat The Pengiun and Ruphert Thorn who are both secretly working with Carlton Duquesne (who is having family problems) and another villain (who is later revealed in the film) about a weapons smuggling operation, they also put a bounty on the Batwoman. The question is, who is this mysterious Batwoman and can they be more than one? It is up to Batman to solve this mystery and stop Penguin's last operation. For an animated film, it has a fairly complex plot and a serious tone, which is good. Another advantage was the complete redesign of the Penguin that looks much more like the sophisticated Mob Boss that we are used to seeing in comics, unlike its previous projects that borrowed elements from Tim Burton's Pengium vision (sewer and monster of the circus). Although the film contains a subplot of love, it has never been taken so far and does not derail the film like saying, Batman Forever. Dubbing is of standard quality for these video-directed projects (if only Batman: Mask of Phantasm has taken this path), Kevin Conroy still shines like Batman / Bruce Wayne. And as I said despite being running for some very short 80 minutes, it manages to create a fairly good (and complex) storyline complete with some little twists and lots of action. There are a few downsides, however, Nightwing is nowhere to be seen, and I'm sure Barbara Gordon and Bruce Wayne don't click in pairs, even if it's just a reference, Tim Drake (aka Robin) does very little film and for to be honest, I've never been a big fan of Paul Dini and Bruce Timm's Batman character design (especially in their post-BTAS show), this The New Adventures by Batman and Robin, well, that makes Batman look fat then rather a well-built grown-up individual (rather like Jeff Matsuda's model of The Batman). Bruce Wayne looks a bit awkward, those blue eyes make him seem more like Clark Kent and then Bruce (although it's true that they look very much alike). Another downside is Rupert Throne (no explanation as to why he is in this deal, but it is safe to say he has goons and what is a cut of the deal) that does little more than go out with the Penguim or hurt himself every time he points a gun at someone (it counts how many times it happens in the movie and you will be surprised. Overall, a good Batman animated film, worth at least a rent.
