THIS POST MAY CONTAIN SPOILERS: <br /> <br /> Although five years had passed since the end of the series and WB was working on the Justice League, this animated film is a welcome addition to the video library. Why? Well, if Mask of the Phantasm completes the first 70 episodes of Batman: The Animated Series and SubZero completes the 15 episodes of the adventures of Batman and Robin, then Mystery of the Batwoman completes the last 24 episodes of the Batman version of Gotham Knights. Kevin Conroy offers once again a voice on performance that is nothing short of excellence and perfection. I admit I was a little wary when I heard about Batwoman and all I could think of was Batman's 1950s comics. But I was amazed by the character of Batwoman, by her look, by her costume (which I supposed would inspire Bruce Wayne to create the costume on Batman Beyond) and by the fact that this film continues to guess who Batwoman is. If you want to know who Batwoman is, buy or rent the DVD. Barbara Gordon makes a cameo appearance and I think the writers were trying to suggest that Bruce and Barbara had something in common with each other like they did in Batman Beyond. Tim Drake appears as Robin, but his role is small and, unfortunately, there is no sign or mention of Dick Grayson, aka Nightwing, which leads me to believe that he has settled in Bludhaven (his city in the comics). /> <br /> Of the three suspects for Batwoman, my favorite is Kathy Duquesne, who looks a lot like Halle Berry. Kelly Ripa did a great job as one of the other suspects. As for the bad guys, I'm glad the Penguin was one of them, but I didn't like the fact that they replaced Paul Williams with David Ogden Stiers. Pengy didn't seem right. The same thing applies to Robin. The new guy did well, but just as I was starting to get used to Matt Valencia, they replaced him. It is interesting to note that Kevin Michael Richardson, who gives the voice to Carlton Duquesne, is now the voice of the Joker in the series "The Batman". And finally we see how Rupert Thorne looks renewed because he didn't show up in the episodes of Gotham Knights. The late John Vernon will be lost. Although I liked Henry Silva as Bane's voice, if he had to be replaced, they took the right man in the form of Hector Elizondo. I was just hoping they could use Two Face, Riddler, or the scary new version of the Scarecrow. <br /> <br /> The musical score and in particular the sound intro were superb. I wish it were on a soundtrack and in particular I enjoyed the beautiful and talented Cherie in the Iceberg Lounge with her song, Betcha Neva. While some believe that this film is weaker than Mask of the Phantasm and Subzero, I find it just as strong and enjoyable as the rest, plus, as I said before, it's a full-length movie based on Batman's version of Gotham Knights, which I think it gives a good balance. I would at least advise you to rent this DVD before buying it for those who might be wary of this movie, but personally it is worth buying. I give Mystery of the Batwoman a 9.
