For beginners I have always been a fan of the Batman cartoons because the theme is so universal, "that all the living have an alter ego". This is true in the Mystery of Batwoman. While the general story is good, I'm disappointed that they haven't done much for the franchise with this. <br /> <br /> Throughout the film, you are trying to find out who the identity of Batwoman is, unfortunately you can find out by easily looking at the cast of credits published on this site (so if you haven't already seen it don't go there). I was a little disappointed that they had not extended the film. 75 minutes is too short for any movie. The secret identity of Batwoman also arrives too early in the film, a little halfway, and becomes anti-climatic later because you know that good guys will always win and that the new character known as Batwoman will disappear after the movie is finished . br /> <br /> I'm not even too sure about the new animation style used in this movie. I love the new elegant characters, but there should be some more details about the details. Some parts of the animation seem so clumsy and rigid that they get your attention immediately, drawing attention away from the plot. Also, I didn't really like the bright atmosphere used in most of the scenes, so it loses its dark and gothic look which is Batman. In the same way we should have known more about Batwoman's personality so that we can build the same deep compassionate feeling we have with Bruce Wayne. Also I think the fight with Bane should have been done better. In typical children's fashions the villain meets his death too easily by stumbling, falling, becoming electrically or doing something stupid that works against them. Come to think of it, there wasn't even a drop of blood spilled in this movie. <br /> <br /> Bottom line, it's a good fun movie and I recommend anyone who is a Batman fan to watch it. It has a good plot, a universal charm and also a great acting to complete it. I just hope they could make permanent changes to the story by keeping Batwoman to make things more interesting. Not only does he introduce her and then he kicks her once he's done. I would also like to see someone else finally understand the mystery of a change. To get something different from Batman, solve the mystery and fill it in later with details. <br /> <br /> I hope there are other animated films that will come and look forward to the moment when we can actually see the movie breaking between Bruce Wayne and Barbra Gordan. She tied her up forever and she doesn't like her either and I can't believe she was stupid enough to fall in love with someone 20 years older. I also want to see the time when Tim Drake leaves because he is getting sick of the old man. In short, I want to see all the things that brought the characters to where they will be in Batman Beyond. Otherwise the same repeated formula will end up faster than it was if they decided to go on with the story. <br /> <br />
