Start with some of the principles on a stage in Albuquerque. Gabby Hayes (Juke, sounds like Duke) is the driver and starts his usual tirade against women in general, with his exception girlfriend Pearl. He then relates a confused version of Samson's biblical story to justify his maintaining a long mustache against Pearl's desire, which is the city's barber, no less, and who claims that if everyone followed his example, he would be out of business. This point will again dominate the last scene of the film. Gabby seems an irritation for some reviewers, but it is a decisive advantage for this. Too bad it wasn't in Randoph Scott's best westerns to lighten Randy's usual ironic demeanor. Also on this stage are Randy (Cole Armin), his future wife (Cathrine Craig, as Celia Wallace), with whom he is making acquaintance, and a little girl (Myrtle), to whom he soon becomes a hero when he saves her from the stage runaway after he is detained by the follower of Randy's uncle, John Armin (George Cleveland), who essentially runs the city. <br /> <br /> Randy soon learns that his uncle, and by extension, himself, is not exactly popular among city people. However, in a short time it forms a useful friendship with Gabby. After learning that Uncle John was responsible for stopping his competitor, Celia Wallace, and the associated murder on stage, he asks Uncle John to return the money and decides to work for Celia and his brother Ted (Russell Hayden) , instead of for Uncle John. <br /> <br /> As his rival's prospects increase, Uncle John decides to plant an informant (Barbara Britton, like Letty Tyler) in Wallace's office, to keep him informed when they deliver the ore from the mines to the city so that it can sabotage their race. When this doesn't work, he uses the draconian tactic of staging an arson in his own office, for which Randy is accused. Unfortunately, when the fire was discovered, Randy was in Letty's apartment that was facing her with indicative evidence that he was giving Uncle John a tip. Myrtle and Letty testify that he was in the apartment when the fire was discovered. This puts him and Letty in the dog house with Celia (her apparent boyfriend) and Ted (who hopes to woo Letty). This news also ends up as Uncle John's trust in Letty as an informant, and he suggests she leave the city. Instead, he changes sides and tells Wallace why Randy was in his apartment. Uncle John tries once again to sabotage the run of the ore, and when it fails, there is a general shooting in the city. You can guess the results. <br /> <br /> The plot is well constructed and executed, with complicated relationships between the principles and with a variety of obstacles that Randy can overcome, with the sometimes help of his associates. At least, Randy was spared the need to hand over his uncle to justice. Uncle John had a choice to avoid the assassination, but he arrogantly trusted that a woman would not have had the courage to carry out his threat. The presence of Hayes and two beautiful single women and little Myrtle helped greatly to lighten the otherwise tense atmosphere in this battle for survival, as Uncle John said. <br /> <br /> It seems strange that Barbara Britton, the "bad" girl, gets the best female salary on Catherine Craig, Randy's love interest. Barbara's camera life was much more limited. <br /> <br /> Those who grew up on the Lassie TV series with George Cleveland as "Gramps" will be surprised to find him playing bad control bad. We might wonder if his wheelchair status has an impact on this character. This leaves him with few options to make a living in the Wild West. Without an apparent family to help him support him (except for Randy), he cannot afford to have a welcome back that beat him in the most profitable business of the city. On the other hand, from his conversations, he probably achieved his status as "chief" of the city before becoming tied to the wheelchair.
