The summary sentence above, given by James Cloud (Robert Preston) to his brother Tom (Robert Sterling) says almost everything. Jim, AKA Kid Wichita, has a way of making things happen, only the problem is that he usually leaves bodies where he has been. It's not the kind of tutoring that Tom imagines for his younger brother Jeff, who likes what he sees in Jim, especially when he defends his ranch against Texas cattle. <br /> <br /> The credits read "Introducing John Barrymore Jr. as Younger Brother ', in his first appearance on the screen. It seemed rather strange to me, especially since he was referred to as Jeff almost immediately in the story. Approximately eighteen years old at the time of this film, he bears a resemblance to Sean Penn, not being a stranger to personal and legal problems during his career as well as to his removal from his family, I was asked if his daughter Drew Barrymore would ever seen this picture.I'm inclined not to think. <br /> <br /> On the subject of similarities, I was also struck by the thought that the young Robert Sterling looked a little like Roy Rogers at the beginning of his career. previously only from his role as George Kerby in the early 1950s of the television series 'Topper', I thought he looked out of place in a western, but it could just be me. to his brother's resourcefulness in creating problems, and gives a little nervousness to this not-so-typical story. Minor subplots abound, including relationship breeder John Gall (John Litel) has with his son the Sheriff (which Kid Wichita kills), and the troubled marriage of Kathleen Boyce (Cathy Downs) and her husband Earl (whom Kid Wichita kills) . Chill Wills completes the main cast as one of Tom Cloud's hands and the figures in the rather predictable ending. <br /> <br /> What is not entirely predictable is how things will end there, and for this reason, this Western earns points to follow a less traveled plot, so not entirely similar to that of a good brother / bad brother of westerners. Combined with the eclectic cast of the principals, it is one that I would recommend, even if you have to endure some of the sloppy jumps and changes I have encountered with my copy.
