This low budget erotic thriller that has some positive points, but much more bad. The plot revolves around a female lawyer who tries to free his lover who is accused of killing his wife. Being a soft-core film, this implies that you go undercover in a strip club and have sex with possible suspects. As a plot for this kind of genre, not bad. The script is in place, and the story makes sense enough for someone to watch this at 2 am so as not to notice too many holes in the plot. But the rest of the film seems cheap. The main actors are not so bad, but practically all supportive ones are incredibly bad (a girl seems to be drunk and / or tall). Cinematography is poorly lit, with everything that looks grainy and ugly. The sound is so terrible that you can barely hear what people are saying. The worst thing about this movie is the reason you're looking at it: sex. The reason people look at these things is for hot sex scenes with very sexy girls in red shoe diary situations. The sex scenes are not hot they are squalid, taken in that porn style where everything is just a masterstroke of two people who go there. Even the woman seems to be a porn movie shelter. I'm not trying to be rude or bad here, but they have all those breast implants and a burned / altered look. Even the title, "Deviant Obsession", sounds like a Hardcore movie. Not that I have nothing against porn, on the contrary, I love it. But I want my soft-core and my hard-core to be separate. What happened to actresses like Shannon Tweed, Jacqueline Lovell, Shannon Whirry and Kim Dawson? Women who could act and who will totally excite you? And what happened to B erotic thrillers like Body Chemistry, Nighteyes and even Stripped to Kill. Of course, none of these where the masterpieces, but at least they felt like the movies. Moreover, they were pushing the envelope, going beyond Hollywood's relatively stark position on sex, sexual obsessions and perversions. Now they only make hard-core movies without hard-core sex.
