A glacier slide in a cavern of cavernous ice sends its three characters to rummage through an endless wet pipe that has enough calcium to dazzle children in the same way that mature audiences can be dazzled by the sequence of star doors which closes 2001: A Space Odyssey. Miles apart in vision, but it's still a scene of great hurry and excitement. A magnificent opening sequence also takes place where a hairy squirrel-like critic tries to hide his precious acorn. You probably saw this scene in the trailer, but when it takes place a domino effect starts when the mountain starts to creak and, as a result, an avalanche. The horror continues to go as critics try to overcome the impossible. <br /> <br /> The film traces two characters, a mammoth named Manfred (Ray Romano) and an ox-toothed sloth (John Leguizamo) as they try to migrate south. They find a human child they adopt and then decide to track down the parent figures to get back to them. They are joined by a saber tiger named Diego (Denis Leary), whose predatory intention is to bring the child into his tiger clan, bringing the mammoth and the sloth into a trap. Diego's meat-eating family wants the mammoth more than anyone else, but Diego's learned values ​​of friendship make it easy to decide which one to do in the end. <br /> <br /> There are natural fatalistic dangers in the world along the journey, including an erupting volcano and a bridge over the glacier that threatens to melt for a moment that recalls the castle's escape to Shrek. The characters contemplate why they are in the ice age, while they could have called it The Big Chill or Nippy Era. Some characters want imminent global warming. Another great joke about the problems of mating between friends: "All the big boys are never around. The most sensitive are eaten." Extravagant lines galore, extravagant comedies and soft lighting adventures make this game easy enough to watch . Furthermore, the food is so scarce for vegetarians who consider dandelions and pine cones as "good food". <br /> <br /> The vocal talents of Romano, Leguizamo and Leary adapt to their characters, while children will enjoy their antics, adults will love their riffs on their talents. There is a little bit of light violence and intense content, but children will be thrilled by the excitement and will receive one of their first introductions to the ancient battle of good against evil, and family tradition and friendship are strong thematic links . The animators also make a majestic use of the background landscapes that are truly fantastic. <br /> <br />
