"The Ice Age" is one of the cartoon films ever produced by Blue Sky Studios and published in 2002 as the first company. The main characters are presented to us: a squirrel named Scrat (voiced by Chris Wedge, and PLEASE NOTE: the sound of Scrat's screams is the sound of Tom's cries of "Tom and Jerry" cartoons), a woolly mammoth from Manny (dubbed by Ray Romano of "Everybody Loves Raymond"), a sloth named Sid (voiced by John Leguizamo of "Titan AE"), and a saber-toothed tiger named Diego (voiced by Denis Leary of Pixar " A Bug's Life "). /> <br /> The film opens with Scrat trying to bury an acorn and immediately afterwards caused an avalanche. We see then a pack that goes south for the next ice age (except Manny, who is going to the other side looking for other mammoths that look like him). Sid comes out of his cave yawning and sees that his family has abandoned him. So pay the toll with some aardvarks. Unfortunately, he is chased by Sylvia (voiced by Kirsten Johnston of "3rd Rock from the Sun"), a female of orange laziness, who wants Sid to die with her. Sid eventually joined forces with Manny, and they became friends. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, in the vicinity of a human tribe, Soto (voiced by Goran Visnjic), a saber-toothed tiger, wants to take revenge against the tribal leader for wiping out half of his pack by stealing his son, Roshan, far from him. In the morning, he, Diego and the henchmen of Soto, Lenny (voiced by Alan Tudyk), Oscar (voiced by Diedrich Bader), and Zeke (voiced by Jack Black) attacked the tribe, but the leader's wife fled with Roshan and gave it to Manny and Sid to take care of it. In the end, Diego joins them and embarks on a journey to bring Roshan back to his tribe, who is also looking for him. Relax and watch the rest of the movie and find out, okay? In addition to Manny, Sid, Diego, Scrat, Sylvia and Roshan, the supporting characters in there including a wolf pack that Roshan's tribe is using, and not to mention a female purple sloth named Jennifer (voiced by Jane Krakowski), and a slender feminine yellow sloth named Rachel (voiced by Lorri Bagley), to whom Sid shows Roshan relaxing in a tar pit. Incidentally, the two rhinos, Carl (voiced by Cedric The Entertainer of PDI "Madagascar"), and Frank (voiced by Stephen Root of Pixar "Finding Nemo"), who chase Sid for ruining their meal and face Manny on a cliff, they are simple minor characters. The same goes for the dodos, which use melons as a food reserve. <br /> <br /> The gags in this movie are very funny. For example, Manny speaks through his trunk saying "it WILL NOT COME!" When Jennifer and Rachel are out of the tar, Sid asks Jennifer "What do you say if we jump into the gene pool and see what happens?" Jennifer then replies to him, "What do you say if you go jump in the TAR PIT!?" Rachel also kicks Sid alive. Sylvia sees Diego holding Sid by the neck with his teeth, then asks Sid if he is holding his breath, tells Diego to eat it and leaves immediately. <br /> <br /> Since "Ice Age" is not only a success, but has 2 sequels: the first was "Ice Age: The Meltdown", which was released in 2006, and the other was " Ice Age: Dawn of the Dinosaurs ", which is about to be published next year. I can't die waiting to see what "The Ice Age: Dinosaur Dawn" will look like.
