Slaughter High starts as another day at Doddsville County High School where little miner Carol Manning (Caroline Munro) tricked the resident nerd Marty Rantzen (Simon Scuddamore) into the girls' locker room where she tells him to undress in the shower while doing it The band of friends of Carol enters and gives a surprise to Marty, now naked, as they take him back as they stick their heads into the girls' bathroom in an April Fool's joke. The school's sports coach (Marc Smith) saves Marty and punishes the gang that rather blames Marty, they decide to play another roll on him only this time things get out of hand and Marty gets caught in an explosion and has nitric acid splashed on his face. Years later and the whole gang was invited to a class meeting in the now closed school, they all come to find out that they are the only ones there. Everyone ventures inside where they quickly learn that they are not the only ones there because Marty came back and took revenge for his mind ... <br /> <br /> Originally filmed with the title of April Fool's Day they probably changed because of another slasher film called April Fool's Day (1986) did the same year this British American co-production is unusual in that it has three accredited writers and directors, George Dugdale, Mark Ezra and Peter Litten (after having never seen a movie with three accredited the director I saw two in a week, the other is the film by Jean-Claude Van Damme Kickboxer (1989) and I must say that I really liked Slaughter High even though it seems to have a bad reputation. What I like about the script is that it is a pure and simple slash flick, it does not try to be anything else and only accepts the rules of genres, shortcuts and traps and reproduces them. Basically it offers what it promises, a murderous murderer, blood, tits and girls. I thought the character was okay, the story was fine even if it was just an excuse to have a load of teenagers in an isolated position, so a killer can eliminate them one at a time and actually I also liked the ending which is also that which is something for which Slaughter High gets a lot of criticism. The first half starts a little slow, but the second half moves at a speed of knots, as there is one deadly killing after another. Some of the situations and the reactions of the characters do not make much sense, but the same can be said of almost all the films ever made, so who is complaining? <br /> <br /> Although the director Slaughter High did very well, I liked the look of the movie very much The isolated degradation school made for a really atmospheric and beautiful place, the producers also have a nice thunderstorm and there are also beautiful photographs, especially at the end where there are numerous impressive long-stedicam tracking shots that follow Carol through various corridors of the ruined school. Although it is not particularly elegant, it is certainly quite nice and is professionally made. There is good blood, including burned bodies, people with acid loose, impalements, stomach explosions, axes in the face and death from lawnmowers and someone who is drowned in fecal matter down a drain! The special effects are even better than you'd expect, and I was impressed and pleased with the higher-than-expected body count. <br /> <br /> Technically the film is better than I expected and beats most of the low-cost horror junk released today, I would have thought it was a relatively low budget anyway. Presumably set in America, this was shot very clearly in England. Harry Manfredini composes another score that plays exactly like all his other musical scores and is basically the same as the theme of Friday 13 (1980) and its sequels. Anyone living here in the UK will probably recognize Billy Hartman who played Frank as a regular in the Emmerdale Farm (one of our best soap operas in the nation) in which he plays Terry Woods! While most horror fans will recognize the sexy Caroline Munro in a rare staring role. Legendary exploit producer Dick Randall made the act on Slaughter High and in fact appears in the film as a producer of porn movies ... talk about typecasting! You can also see a poster for the misunderstood splendor of Pieces (1982) that he also produced behind him in his office. <br /> <br /> Slaughter High is a slasher film that I really enjoyed, did you see that? I didn't say it was nice, actually I said that I liked it on a personal level and I'm sure the predictable storyline and lack of history will probably put a lot of it out so I can't recommend it but I can say I liked it, you do what you want Make sure you watch the full version if you decide you want to check. If you are not a fan of the "slasher" genre, Slaughter High will not change your mind, but if you are looking for a simple and effective slasher, you could do much worse.
