God Bless 80's slasher films. This is a fun and entertaining movie. This is what all slasher movies are. Now I'm not talking about horror movies, just slasher movies. It works like this: a high school nerd is mocked by all these stupid athletes and cheerleaders, and then one of their jokes is horribly wrong. Disfigured and sold for revenge, showing off a Joker / Jester mask (quite disturbing, I might add), Marty starts killing those teenagers one after another many years later after he manages to convince them that their old abandoned high school is having a meeting . Is this basically the plot? What's wrong? This is the beauty of the slasher movies of the 80s, many of them I would say. A lot of things could be so ridiculous, but they continue to attract you more into a world where they pass. Especially this film. <br /> <br /> It is characterized by some scandalous killings, and some are even quite creative. (Poisoning a can of beer, acid bath, I can't remember a javelin never used before in any other slasher movie.) It's really a fun and entertaining movie. That's all. Never mind the fact that the characters are complete idiots, no matter their stupidity, and it doesn't matter the scandalous and random things that happen in this movie. Like the lights that can be controlled by the killer (when not even the buttons go by, you'll see) and the toilets that are able to cough up blood, the bathrooms being able to let acid out of them, just use them as part of your fun ! Because that's what really makes it fun. <br /> <br /> Films like this represent the slashes of the 1980s. Never again films like this are made, do you know why? It's not the 80s anymore. This is why you should simply take them for what they are, have fun! I highly recommend this movie if you are a huge Slahsers fan like Friday 13. <br /> <br /> A final note of the film also had an evil jerk, Marty Rantzen. A disfigured nerd who kills all his old enemies in a creepy jester mask. A good villain makes a good slasher. Simon Scuddamore, who played Marty, apparently committed suicide shortly after the publication of Slaughter High. This alone adds something disturbing to the film, and keeps us glued and even makes you feel more sorry for the Marty character, I guess. All in all, great fun of the 80s! It is a pity that it will never be the same again ...
