Edward Burtynsky is a Canadian photographer who realizes art outside of "artistic" objects that can be imagined. Everyday objects such as crates, boxes, metal containers, etc. - objects that most of us perceive as utilitarian at best and completely ignored without aesthetic value - are instead converted into glorious art objects by Burtynsky's camera. It achieves this result by focusing on the recurring colors and geometric patterns that are apparently present in the industrialized world - for those that are perceptive enough to identify them, that is. Even heaps of compact rubbish can become objects of beauty when viewed through the lens of Burtynsky (but didn't we know it already from "Wall-E"?). He is particularly interested in photographing areas such as mines and shipyards where Man has already made forays into nature - which could explain why sometimes even people in his paintings (ie workers in those places), with their uniform clothes and robotic movements, become part of the industrial landscape. <br /> <br /> "Manufactured Landscapes", a documentary on Burtynsky's work, has much of the feeling of a "Koyaanisqatsi" about it while dazzling us with its richly variegated kaleidoscope of images and models. In fact, director Jennifer Baichwal and director of photography Peter Mettler capture the essence of the original photos in purely cinematic terms, as their camera records Burtynsky and his photo shoot assistant at a factory in China, a shipyard in Bangladesh, and the impressive Three Rivers Gorge Dam project in China. With their fluid photographic work, the filmmakers align themselves point by point on the beauty of Burtynsky's images. In fact, the film opens with an astonishing eight-minute chase shot of a Chinese factory where hundreds of similarly dressed workers work in perfectly symmetrical rows with coordinated colors. <br /> <br /> The film is less well, when Burtynsky moves to articulate the "themes" of his work, which, frankly, come out sounding confused, contradictory and decidedly means better cooked. But it is a purely aesthetic experience, which highlights the image and the form, which "Paesaggi industriali" resonates more. In the case of Burtynsky, perhaps, an image is really worth a thousand words.
