I had heard that this film was a study of an art by a landscape photographer who presented the beauty of man in deconstructing the natural landscape. He certainly showed the laborious activities to find places, shots and clear images whose final destinations were art studios all over the world. Put together in moving images is really a horror show. <br /> <br /> This film exudes by displacing the shock of horrible images with the gentle waves of a marvelous industrial soundtrack that guides you like a slow-moving river. Each sequence is isolated, but in combination it is obtained more and more in the sensation of inevitable transportability. There are few words, which allows greatness in what is shown to preach in its own way. A terrible and massive factory full of human automata living in hopelessly lifeless dormitories. Individuals die early as they rummage through recyclable waste in the mountains of our E-waste. The birth of gigantic ships and their destruction by hand in the gigantic cemeteries. The construction of the Three Gorges Dam, the largest industrial project in human history is likely for all time. The time frame in which a city dies and is reborn simultaneously in a replica of modernity that deliberately destroys all the relics of the culture it was. <br /> <br /> The most terrifying image for me was a dam engineer who explained that the most important function of the dam was flood control. The shot moves to the orchard behind the spokesman, where we see the level of the last flood caused by the toxic water that ate the bark of the trees, showing that nothing but the most horrible horrors could live in the waters. <br /> <br /> The obvious is not declared is much more powerful than the normal Save the Earth documentaries. The artist Edward Burtynsky explains the method wonderfully. 'Not saying what you should see ?? many people today sit in an uncomfortable place where we do not necessarily want to give up what we have but we realize that what we are doing is creating problems that go deeply. It is not just right or wrong. He needs a completely new way of thinking. The subtlety of this descends into an o / or proposition, but the images of the film shout that the decision has been taken very much in favor of the dark side. <br /> <br /> Although it has never been declared directly in any way, the waves of what it witnesses wash away from your awareness and you contemplate, is there only one possible conclusion ?? we are doomed. The progress of humanity that is inexorable from our nature leaves behind the carnage of which this artist finds terrifying beauty. What is actually capturing are the traces of us the lemmings that unconsciously rush to our own end. Unlike most films with environmental themes, this ends up with no call to arms. They basically argue what the point is, but make sure that we blame all of us correctly the same way.
