This is a documentary that came out of the splendid work of a Canadian landscape photographer whose interest has long been in the devastation left on earth by excavations or by man's buildings. It begins with a vast factory complex full of people who produce a great variety of small things, presumably parts of high-tech equipment; it's not really very clear. The emphasis is on how big the place is and how many people are there and how they are gathered outside in small yellow jackets. The film also shows the photographer working on a tall structure to anchor the ranks of these people outside the factory, and talk to his crew as he does so. This is a world of inexorable industrialization. It is a relief at least to know that these soulless images will not be presented without a human voice, as in the case of the cheerfully cold documentary by Nikolaus Geyrhalter on the food industry, "Our Daily Bread". "Building Landscapes" contains images of people sweeping away electronic waste and a city (many cities, in reality) that is swept away by the largest dam ever, with a single prominent shot of a girl in the rubble of her neighborhood eat out a bowl with a pair of chopsticks almost bigger than her. Some of these scenes, those with miserable underpaid workers enslaved in dangerous and toxic places, could have been memorably filmed by the main engagé photographer Sebastião Salgado. But this photographer is not interested in seeing people up close. His orientation places him somewhere between Salgado and the cold, neutral photographs of Lewis Baltz's modern landscape. <br /> <br /> All this happens in China, of course, even if there are previous black and white footage of the photographer working around a large shipyard in Bangladesh. It is supported by music in an industrial New Age style that is alternately soothing and oppressive. There are quite a few photos of the photographer's work - or were some of them made by the film crew? It has not been clarified. <br /> <br /> Edward Burtynsky is the name of the photographer. We see people wandering through the exhibits of his beautiful work - large and dramatic color image prints with a camera carefully studied with a beautiful glow. The irony is that Burtynsky makes such unique and glorious images of places that are essentially ruined, and for the common eye they are discouraging and boring. It is admitted that it does not take any political position. When we are able to compare his images with those captured by the bombastic eye of filmmaker Peter Mettler, Burtynsky's work is almost a sort of glorification and therefore of falsification. But it is showing us places that, if we look closely, reveal their complete dark history of devastation and abandonment, no matter how finely crafted the photographs of them may be. <br /> <br /> Logically, but not entirely fortunately, it is Burtynsky whose voice-overs tell the majority of the film as it extends over various sites. Burtynsky's "epiphanies" may have inspired his decades of excellent work, but they are nothing more than trills on how we are irreparably changing the planet; depend on oil, which will run out; that China has entered the game of massive industrialization late, and therefore could burn soon with the exhaustion of fossil fuels. The interest in "Production landscapes" would be much greater if there were new perceptive ideas to accompany it. There are two reasons to look at it: see the works of Burtynsky and the raw materials, the spaces he visits and the chronicles so wonderfully; and to observe the scenes of the vast, impressive, daunting and rather terrifying industrialization of modern China. Due to the limitations of the narrative, the idea of ​​the title "Production Landscapes" feels insufficiently developed. It even seems like a misnomer. New landscapes are, but they are the by-product of production rather than "manufactured". 'Landscapes of Waste' or 'Wasted Landscapes' could be better titles. There is a lot of space left by this documentary for a research work on the film more intellectually on this intriguing topic; and those who want to learn more about Edward Burtynsky might do better to browse through his books or exhibitions.
