As soon as I heard that Keira Knighteley was in this movie, I said "I have to watch this movie". He is the undisputed main character, Domino, a bounty hunter. His "work", as the "no action" scenes teach us, reflects his rebellious and violent attitude towards life. I must admit that this is the first time I watch an action movie whose most important scenes are those in which the guns are far from the hands of the characters. So this hit me a little. However, for all John Woo fans, there are helicopters that fall, explosions, fire like rain and a beautiful Keira who shoots with two machine guns, one in each hand. The cast is absolutely brilliant. Going beyond Keira, who in this film is a real tomboy, very different from the beautiful action figure we are used to seeing, Mickey Rourke is back, with his usual slap face and his powerful body. Christopher Walken does his job quite well, as a reality show producer. <br /> <br /> Let's go to the contents: this film has a journalistic form. The talk show scene is "disgustingly" real. Anyone who looked at that load of. . . you know what, you can say that this is the air you breathe in those situations. As well as the producer, when Domino's mother says that the reality that should show Domino's life is "junk, no offense", he replies "I don't take it as an offense". This film portrays a difficult life. Domino, from a world that did not want it, Ed (Mickey Rourke), a bounty hunter "not so generous", Choco (the third guy in the band), which family is (using Ed's words), "the corrective "the institutions he was", and Alf, the driver / bomber from Afghanistan during the Russian occupation. This group of people somehow represents the humanity born "without a shirt", unlucky, violent and with nothing to lose, exceptions are their (as they would consider) miserable lives.The intro of the film says that it is "inspired by the true story ... more or less", so I could not tell you how much of this stuff is true. besides the explosions and dozens of weapons (which could have been "added" to make the film easier to see and classified as an action film), the story of the characters is too realistic to be "sweetened". <br /> < br /> The interaction between the characters is varied, well studied and certainly not boring that has not convinced me so much the role of the psychiatrist (Lucy Liu, sober as ever in his acting career). It only represents the reason why Domino begins to tell his story (and this is a story). Probably the only "con" in a film with many "professionals". <br /> <br /> All in all: it is not "SWAT". The characters are made; they have an identity, a form. They have a name and a surname (not just "Gamble" and "Street"). It is appropriate to say, it is the biography of a girl whose life went as fast as a bullet.
