Prior notification: I'm sure someone will accuse me of playing the playing card here, but when I saw the preview of this movie, I was thinking "Finally!" I have yet to see a film about African-inspired folk dance (be it popular hip-hop moves, break-ups or strides) in which the protagonist was a black woman. I saw an excessive amount of films in which a non-woman who didn't know anything about hip hop gets cool on the hood and does a mediocre job (Breakin, Breakin 2, Save the Last Dance, Step Up), but Black Women in the film they are almost non-existent. This has always bothered me considering so much hip hop, African-influenced dance, and the break was with Blacks and Latinos in large quantities in these particular sets and it wasn't always men who played it, so I heard that this movie was a long time coming. However, the breed does not make the film, so I also wanted it to carry a credible plot; dancing is fun; and interesting to watch. <br /> <br /> Pros: I really enjoyed this film that brings Jamaican culture. I can't remember ever seeing a popular and mainstream movie in which all the main characters were Jamaican; had credible accents; and they weren't stereotyped with caps. Steppers, family, friends and even "hooligans" were really intelligent and realistic people who tried to love, live and survive in the neighborhood where they lived by doing something positive. Even when the public was made aware that the main character's sister chose an alternative lifestyle, it didn't make the story stereotyped. I was satisfied with the way he was portrayed. I appreciated the step; the romantic love affair that takes place between two steppers; the tests that the parents of the main character were going through; and how he faced his return to his old neighborhood and took care of Crabs in a Barrel. I respected the fact that she was so intelligent and active at the same time, and so many other systems in the film were behaving alone in the world of steps. They were all as excellent as the boys. Nowadays I don't see it in too many movies, at least not those that could be considered black movies. <br /> <br /> Cons: I'm not really sure why the directors or whoever put the film together did it, but I wonder if they've been to real step shows. Every time the steppers prepared to perform, some hip hop songs played instead of the hand / foot beats of the steppers. In a real show, there is no need for music, except to entertain the crowd between the groups. And then when hip hop songs were played, sometimes the rhythm of the song was to the rhythm of the hands and feet of the steppers. It was embarrassing. I was more impressed by going into this movie against "Stomp the Yard" (another great action movie) because the women had the same pride as the boys (in "Stomp the Yard", Meagan Good got all a few seconds of a little twirling and turning the hair and the (Delta?) made a chant and some footsteps and were cut immediately). Even when there were very small scenes, the ladies ripped it, especially in the car shop, and it was without all that music to choke off their physical music. I know that the soundtracks must be sold, but the people in the cinema could have played music in other parts of the film. <br /> <br /> I'm not a fan of Keyshia Cole, so every time I saw her, everything kept thinking, "Is it written in the script that she constantly puts her hands on her hip when she talks?" He looked uncomfortable on the screen for me. I thought they should have used a host like Free or Rocsi. Deray Davis was fun as usual though. Also, I complained when I found out that the film had to be in the ghetto, as if a step could not happen anywhere else. Hollywood, as usual. However, only a couple of people have been portrayed as being overly ignorant because of their neighborhood and their losers, which mainstream films tend to do. <br /> <br /> I would have given this film five stars, but the sound of music killed it for me. I definitely intend to buy it when it comes out and I hope the bonus scenes include real step shows without all the songs.
