In the Canadian director Kari Skogland the film adaptation of the novel by Margaret Laurence The stone angel Ellen Burstyn is Hagar Shipley, a proud and irascible woman who approaches her ninety years who wants to remain independent until the end, stubbornly refusing to be hosted in a retirement home well-meaning son Marvin. Filmed in Manitoba, Canada and set in the imaginary city of Manawaka, The Stone Angel is a simple and conventional interpretation of the book that has been requested to read in the English high school classes for nearly half a century. <br /> <br /> The title of the film derives from the stone statue erected on the tomb of Agar's mother who serves as a metaphor for Hagar's inability to express emotions during his tumultuous existence. Burstyn brings vulnerability and humor to the role, but he is a little too sympathetic to fully realize the selfish and self-defeating character who managed to alienate his wealthy father, his well-meaning but alcoholic husband and both of his children. As he approaches the end of his days, he reflects that "pride was my desert and the demon who led me there was fear. I was alone, never other, and never free, because I carried my chains inside me, and yes they spread out from me and chained to everyone I touched ". <br /> <br /> Dealing with having to spend his last days in a nursing home, Hagar looks back at his life and looks at his failed relationships, his memories shown in flashbacks without voice-over narration. The story begins with a dance he attended as a girl. Met by her aunt Dolly, she meets her future husband, the already married Bram Shipley (Cole / Wings Hauser), a poor peasant whose reputation in the city is tainted due to his association with the native American population. The young Hagar is played by Christine Horne who is exceptional in her first role. Despite Hagar's pleas, his relationship with Bram is rejected by his cold and rigid father, whose refusal to attend the marriage starts the marriage on the wrong foot. This is exacerbated by the fact that he left all his money in the city of Manawaka, condemning the young couple to a life of poverty. <br /> <br /> Going through the motions of his marriage to Bram, Hagar retires from social activities to avoid being rejected by the upper classes of the city. When he produces two children, Marvin (Dylan Baker) and John (Kevin Zegers), he is unable to give them the love they need. "Every joy that I could have in my man or in every one of my children or even in the simple light of the morning", he reflects, "everyone was forced to stop by some rupture of the true apparitions? When did I ever speak the truth of the heart?" Like the biblical Hagar who fled to the desert because he could not tolerate further affronts to his pride, Hagar leaves Manawaka to live in Ontario but eventually returns to the Shipley farm. <br /> <br /> As the scene returns to the present, Hagar escapes to an abandoned house near the ocean that he remembers from his childhood to escape being placed in a nursing home by Marvin and his wife Doris (Sheila McCarthy ), Here he meets a young man named Leo (Luke Kirby) who is interested in her and forces her to watch and take responsibility for the mistakes she made in her life. The Stone Angel extracts all the emotional arrests but never fully develops its characters to the point where I felt any interest in the outcome of the story, although Ellen Page's lively performance as John's devoted but naive girlfriend and the moving final scenes bring new energy to the second half of the film.
