I was surprised how much I enjoyed this more considered drama, which due to its rather insignificant evaluation of 6.6, I almost lost; since they rarely give the time of day to any film classified under 7/10. That being said, I am so happy to have given Stone Angel a chance to see him so much deserved. And so you should, if you are one of the rarest types of sensitive, heartfelt and sensitive people left on this earth in living form. <br /> <br /> I have to say that in many ways (though not all), that is. the themes, the execution, the style, the production, etc., Stone Angel reminded me a lot about the much praised "The Notebook". I am so surprised that other commentators did not understand the many similarities that struck me repeatedly during this film, so I can only assume that those who have written comments still have to see the Notebook. They can't share the subject of Alzheimer's, but I can safely say that if you really liked "The Notebook", you'll surely find a lot to engage your time more fruitfully with "The Stone Angel". But even if you haven't seen the notebook, or read the book on which this move is based, (which, incidentally, I don't have either), you should definitely find a lot to keep your attention firmly - as long as your favorite genres do not include fast-acting action films. This is a film for thinkers and those who like to remember the passing of time, how life changes over the years, and what could have happened in one's life as one looks back over the years. <br /> <br /> This in a bizarre way an undervalued yet exceptional film really deserves a rating of around 8/10. I can only blame his current low score of 6.6 / 10 on 11% of the idiots who gave him 1/10. After all, it attracted less than 300 votes at the time of writing this comment. However, if those 11% who gave him the lowest possible score really expected car chases and explosions, why didn't they look ... even for a few seconds at the premise of the film and the promotional lines? Oh dear ... Whatever the world is coming, don't miss this underrated gem of a movie - but only * if * you have a brain (ie, your top ten doesn't include Transformers, Fight Club or The Terminator).
