Lack of housing (or homelessness, as George Carlin has stated) has been a problem for years, but never a plan to help people who were once considered human, who did everything from going to school, working or voting on the subject . Most people think that the homeless are just a lost cause while they care about things like racism, the war in Iraq, pressing children to succeed, technology, elections, inflation or if they stay on the streets. But what if you were given a bet to live on the streets for a month without the luxuries you once had of a house, entertainment sets, a bathroom, pictures on the wall, a computer, and everything you once appreciated to see what it is like to be homeless? This is Goddard Bolt's lesson. Mel Brooks (starring) stars as Bolt plays a rich man who has everything in the world until he decides to make a bet with a sissy rival (Jeffery Tambor) to see if he can live on the streets for thirty days without luxuries; if Bolt succeeds, he can do whatever he wants with a future project to build more buildings. The bet is where Bolt is thrown on the street with a bracelet on his leg to monitor every move of him where he can not get off the sidewalk. He was nicknamed Pepto by a bum after writing on his forehead where Bolt met other characters including a woman named Molly (Lesley Ann Warren), a former dancer who divorced before losing his house and his friends Sailor (Howard) . Morris) and Fumes (Teddy Wilson) who are already accustomed to the streets. They are survivors. Bolt is not. He is not accustomed to reaching mutual agreements as he once did when he is rich, where he is fighting or running away, killing or being killed. While the love connection between Molly and Bolt was not necessary to plot, I found "Life Stinks" is one of Mel Brooks' observer films, where before it's a comedy, it shows a tender side compared to your slapstick work, such as Blazing Saddles, Young Frankenstein or Spaceballs, to show you how to have something valuable before you lose it the next day or, on the other hand, make a stupid bet like all rich people do when they do not know what to do with your money. Maybe they should hand him over to the homeless instead of using it as monopoly money. <br /> <br /> Or maybe this movie inspires you to help others.
