What is inexplicable? First, hate for this movie. It may not be the best movie of all time, but give me a break, have 11 oscars for a reason, it produced MILLIONS OF MILLIONS OF DOLLARS for a reason. It's a really good movie. Which brings to the other inexplicable aspect of this. I have no idea why this movie made such a big impression on me when I saw it in theaters. I reviewed this on TV and in video, and it did not have the impact it had when I saw it on the big screen (two or three times, actually). But that may be his appeal. It is a movie, yes, the capital M is an Epic, it is a spectacle in the order of And the Wind Led or Ben Hur. Now, Ben Hur and Gone With the Wind seem kind of mean to me with the acting and the excessive melodrama. Not that the Titanic has none of that. Well, the acting was actually very good. The melodrama was quite heavy at times. <br /> <br /> But the reason the Titanic works is that it's such an emotional ride. I usually like movies that stimulate the mind or cause me a visual sensation. This movie is not exactly dumb, but it's not brain at all. Visual emotions are simply means to an end, to fuel the emotions of the audience. I did not cry when Bambi's mother died, I do not react to tearjerkers. But this is a tearjerker for ten million power, an emotional roller coaster that, if it was a regular, would make Buzz Aldrin scream like a little girl. And I'm sure if you see it on video and decide that you hate it, and have a ready supply of cynicism, then you may completely dislike this movie. But if you let this disbelief suspend just a little bit, if you give this epic melodrama the benefit of the doubt, you will enjoy it completely. And look at the top ten box office films of all time. Is one of them bad? Is one worth a score of 1 in 10? No, not even the phantom threat. And this movie made 1.8 BILLION DOLLAR worldwide. It can not be bad. It's not possible. 10/10. How can one even consider comparing him to a spider-man? Spider-Man was a fun movie, but it was a total of 9/11 that made him lose as much as he earned. it was simply nothing special. nobody will remember 50 years from now. but I'm sure Titanic will be remembered.
