I avoided watching this movie any longer. Long before it was even released, I had dismissed it as a super-hyped, overly romantic and overly romanticized piece of Hollywood schmaltz, and I wanted nothing to do with it. I've never watched the theater. I shook my head in disbelief at the 11 Academy Awards - even though I had never seen it. So I was asked to be a judge in a public speaking contest. One of the girls talked about this movie. "It was so good," she said. "You really felt like you were on the ship." "Nonsense," I thought. I shared my feelings with my fellow judges. One looked at me and said, "You may be right, but if she really liked the movie, maybe she wants to learn more about the real Titanic. The film must have done something right to make her so interested." "Well, maybe," I thought. Then it finally appeared on pay TV. "Okay," I thought, "I'll take a look." I did not want to like it-and I did not want to. I loved! What a great movie. <br /> <br /> Where to begin? First - the direction. My high school public speaking competitor was right. James Cameron does a great job of creating a kind of almost "you're there" environment. The joy of life aboard the most elegant ship in the world. Indifference as news of the iceberg spreads for the first time; then the growing sense of panic. You do not just watch; you really feel it. So - the performances. The lead performances of Kate Winslet (as Rose) and Leonardo DiCaprio (as Jack) are excellent - Winslet is the superior, I thought, but both were good. They had their characters from rich girls / poor boys up to a perfect "t", I thought. In my opinion, though, stealing the show was Frances Fisher as Rose's mother. She was perfect as the snobbish aristocrat, and you could feel the fear and hatred you felt every time you looked at Jack. Then - the details. I am no expert in the wreck of the Titanic, but I have a reasonable general knowledge, and this film does a great job of re-creating the historical details accurately and then weaving them perfectly around the fictional novel. Very impressive indeed. So - the music. Who can watch this movie and not be taken with the performance of "My Heart Goes On" by Celine Dion. <br /> <br /> Problems. Well, the novel may have been too artificial, in the sense that I simply do not accept that Jack could have moved so easily from first class to first class. (I know he was invited for the first time, but he seems to continue entering first class without being stopped until he was there for a while.) The realities of the separation of social classes were much more realistically portrayed, I thought, when the passengers of the third class would be locked there after the ship hit the iceberg, while first-class personnel would have to seize half empty lifeboats. <br /> <br /> A small complaint, however. This is really a great movie. My only regret is not seeing him at the theater, where I think it would have been much more impressive. <br /> <br /> 9/10
