Titanic, directed by James Cameron, features a fictional love story about the Titanic's historic setting. The plot is simple, not complicated, or not for those who love twists and turns that keep you in suspense. The ending of the film can be discovered just minutes from the beginning of the film, but the love story is interesting. Kate Winslett is as wonderful as Rose, an aristocratic young woman promised by Cal (Billy Zane). Early in the journey, Rose meets Jack (Leonardo DiCaprio), a low-class entertainer on his way to America, after winning his ticket aboard the Titanic in a poker game. If he wants something, he goes and makes it different from the upper class that is so concerned about his social concerns. The two fall in love and the audience sees the sinking of the Titanic first through their eyes. <br /> <br /> The film begins in modern times with the exploration of the wreck by a group in search of treasures, which sank with the Titanic, which occurred recently. One of the survivors of the Titanic, Rose DeWitt Bukater, who had heard of the exploration of the wreck on television and is taken to the boat where the search is being conducted from to tell what she remembers to have helped in the search. She begins to tell her memory of the Titanic's only voyage. With that, the scene switches to Southhampton, Ireland, where the Titanic departed on April 10, 1912, as all passengers are boarding. After another stop on the Irish coast, the Titanic left to see on its maiden voyage across the Atlantic bound for New York. Historically, the first days of the journey have gone smoothly, but the fictional plot of the story is developed during this period when Rose sees the desperate trap of an engagement that she is to the rich Cal Hockley and falls in love with third-class passengers. Jack Dawson. Captain Smith, as shown in the film, was urged by the White Star Line Director to increase the speed of the ship so that they would make headlines and receive additional advertising arriving in New York on Thursday night rather than on Friday, morning as planned. Smith then ordered the fateful decision against his thirty-two years of experience to stretch the legs of the Titanic at full speed. The Titanic had reports that the waters in the Atlantic they were sailing on were full of icebergs, but they ignored these warnings and continued at full speed, as shown in the film. On April 15, 1912, at 11:39 an iceberg was sighted. They tried to turn off the engines and turn the ship out of the way of the iceberg, but there was not enough time and the ship hit the starboard side of the iceberg as described in the film. The picture of the many small holes on the side of the ship and not a large cut along the side is accurate. The crew of the Titanic sent distress calls and fired rescue rockets, as shown until 2:18, when the lights finally failed. The California lights were seen six miles away, but they could not figure out what was happening and did not respond to the Titanic's many requests for help. California had tried earlier in the day to warn the Titanic about the severe ice that had made them stop their voyage, but the Titanic drove them away, causing California to turn off the radio and leave the Titanic on its own. First-class women and children were the first to be placed in the twenty lifeboats on the ship. Surprisingly, third-class passengers suffered the highest number of deaths of any class and the crew was hit hard in this tragedy as well. White Star Line officials and first-class passengers were said to be second- and third-class passengers when authorities tried to obtain information about the wreck. In addition, the metal that was used to build the Titanic was found in recent years under severe cold conditions, which were experienced the night the Titanic sank to be extremely fragile. Overall, the basic plot is very accurate in its portayal of the events and the times in which these events occurred on the Titanic. <br /> <br /> Many of the characters in the story were not real and created simply for the purpose of the movie or as compound characters to represent possible characteristics and ideas of people on the ship. The main group of Rose's mother, Jack, Cal and Rose, were all fictional characters added to the story as they represent different groups of people of the time. However, many characters, such as the Unsinkable Molly Brown; Captain Edward Smith; the ship's designer, Thomas Andrew; the White Star Line representative, Bruce Ismay; and all the officers of the Titanic were real. The maiden voyage would be Captain Edward Smith's last trip anyway, as he planned to retire later. He had been part of the White Star Line since 1880, where he worked until the status of Captain of the Millionaire when the Titanic sank. The portraits of the officers are accurate, as only four survived the tragedy, except for the policeman who threatened to kill all the passengers on the ship with his pistol. He is on record as acting heroically and was misportrayed to the point that James Cameron apologized and evoked a monument in his honor in the former hometown of the Canadian officer. As shown in the movie, there was a language problem between the crew and many low-class passengers of non-English speaking nations. In addition, Officer Lowe was the only officer who returned to the lifeboat as described. The seniors shown in their bed as the water entered their room were based on the 'Strauss'. Not wanting to leave the side of the husband Ms. Strauss refused to get into her lifeboat and died with her husband on the Titanic. In addition, Mr. Goggenheim who was shown sipping his cognac and smoking a cigar would have left so dressed at his best. The ship's richest man, John Jacob Astor, who owned most of Manhattan, also died, but his much younger wife was saved in a lifeboat. In addition, Molly Brown was saved and then had medals made for the Carpathia crew that took the Titanic survivors out of the water. Her ticket to the Titanic cost more than four thousand dollars and, at the end of her life, she ended up breaking. All the interiors of the ship were masterfully replaced by the last pieces of porcelain and silverware. The gym, which is hardly seen, is recreated perfectly, with all machines reproduced to match the views in old photographs. The wonderful costumes and costumes were an excellent recreation of the post-Victorian era of 1912. The rich at that time practically ruled everything, since the female suffragist movement had not yet moved. Women during this time often married for financial security, as Rose was planning to do, and they usually took a sailor status to their husbands, as Cal wished Rose would. The rich did not accept the "new money" as Molly Brown as described. All of the time was very formal. The women had to be escorted to dinner by a male figure, as seen in the dinner scenes. Smoking was not very common among women of the time, but the cigarette holders, who had just arrived at the time, were used as seen with Rose in the film. Men of the day often smoked cigars, not cigarettes. Women were physically built by their corsets and socially by society. Although James Cameron has no experience in historical films, he has brought Titanic experts along with two years of cross-references to the history of the Titanic and few freedoms have been taken. The beautiful cinematography and special effects also helped make the film even more exciting. <br /> <br /> A recognizable message can be seen in the movie Titanic, since people on the ship had about three hours to contemplate his death. The director, James Cameron, shows the various reactions to this moment of crisis in people's lives. Everyone reacts differently and it makes you wonder how you might have reacted if you were in that situation on the Titanic that fateful night. In addition, this film is a reflection of the 1990s, when it was produced, as it takes a look at the sinking of the Titanic. Only in the last fifteen years has the Titanic website been found and exploited. This film was able to give us a deeper insight into a disaster that many would not have seen. However, the moral question of whether people today should be taking treasures from the wreck of an underwater cemetery is put up. There have been attempts to prevent treasure-seeking missions such as the one depicted on the Titanic, but all have failed. As it stands today, anyone can take a trip to the Titanic and grab all the valuables they depict in the movie, showing the general values ​​of our time in this matter. <br /> <br /> Technically, the film is very well done. To take pictures of the wreck on the ocean floor, it took twelve dives to get all the images needed for the film. In addition, a special camera had to be created to withstand the intense pressure on the ocean floor. Cameron did not plan to use the probe to go as far inside the Titanic as anyone in the 88 years since the ship sank, but he realized that it provided a unique perspective for the ship. In addition, throughout the film disappear the wreckage of the Titanic to the scene of the Titanic during his actual trip. This shift between the modern scene and the scene during the journey functions as an excellent transition that makes the story easy to follow in a clear way. At the beginning of the film, a septune recreation is used to recreate the scene when real people left the European coast on the Titanic, giving it distinction from the rest of the events of the film. <br /> <br /> The Titanic plays almost like a historical biography and is like a work of art, a true epic. Like most history novels, we know the ending, but that does not detract from the wonderful pleasures that can be found in this photo. Certain aspects of this film are Oscar material, including costumes, sound, cinematography, and editing. If you like interesting characters that will give you insight into the characters' lives in the early 1900s and how they face a disaster then this movie is definitely for you. <br /> <br />
