In 1997, I remember that year: Clinton forbids the cloning of research, the unfortunate death of Princess Diana, the Marlins won the world series and a woman gave birth to septuplets. This was also the great year of the release of Titanic, one of the greatest movies of all time: a tale about the dream ship, about a boy and a girl who fall in love but are shattered by social class and by the time of their commitment emotional the ship meets the disaster. I do not think anyone could expect the Titanic to be as HUGE as it was, the movie was bigger than life and had millions of fans, 85% of them teenagers, I was 12 at the time and of course I saw the movie several times. It was the film that made me believe that the love that Jack and Rose shared was so real and beautiful. At the time I felt that the Titanic could not go wrong, of course I grew up and did not watch the movie since I was 14, a few years ago I saw the movie on DVD for 5.99 and realized it was a good price and to see what I thought about the movie now. Was it worth the hype? Was it really the best movie of all time? Was that Leonardo's true nose? OK, I know it's silly to say, but I watched the movie again. Titanic is a great movie, the best movie of all time, no, it just depends on your idea of ​​a good movie, but the Titanic conveyed romance, humor, disaster, emotions and never let us go on this trip inaugural. <br /> <br /> The film begins with Brock Lovett and his team exploring the wreck of RMS Titanic in search of a necklace with a valuable blue diamond called Heart of the Ocean. Unsuccessfully, they discover a drawing of a reclining naked girl, using the Heart of the Ocean, dated from the day the Titanic sank. Rose Dawson Calvert, 101, learns about the drawing and contacts Lovett to inform her that she is the woman in the drawing. She and her granddaughter Elizabeth "Lizzy" Calvert visit Lovett and his skeptical team on their rescue ship. When asked if she knew the whereabouts of the necklace, Rose Calvert recalls her memories aboard the Titanic, revealing for the first time that she was Rose DeWitt Bukater. In 1912, 17-year-old upper-class Rose embarks on the ship with her fiancé, Cal Hockley and her mother, Ruth DeWitt Bukater, who emphasize the importance of Rose's engagement with Cal, since marriage will mean the eradication of marriage . Dewitt-Bukater: While they have the outward appearance of the upper class, Rose and her mother are financially bankrupt. Tormented and frustrated by her engagement to controller Cal and the pressure her mother is putting on her to continue the marriage, Rose attempts suicide by jumping from the stern. Before she jumped, a hiker and artist named Jack Dawson intervenes. Jack and Rose initiate an attempt of friendship while she thanks for saving his life, and he shares stories of his adventures traveling and drawing; their bond deepens as they leave a clogged first-class formal dinner of wealthy relationship builders for a much more lively gathering of dance, music and Irish beer in the third class. But after Cal's employee informs him of Rose's whereabouts, Rose is barred from seeing Jack again. However, after witnessing a woman encouraging her seven-year-old daughter to behave as a "right lady" in tea, Rose challenges him and his mother, asking Jack to draw her naked and using only the Heart of the Ocean, a gift of engagement. of Cal. After a lovely moment together in the first fun time of the backseat, they go to the deck of the ship. <br /> <br /> They then witness the fatal collision of the ship with an iceberg. After hearing the ship's porters discussing the severity of the collision, Rose tells Jack that they should notify his mother and Cal. Meanwhile, Cal discovers Rose's nude design and her teaser ticket in her safe, so he arms Jack for stealing the Heart of the Ocean, causing Lovejoy to put him in Jack's pocket. Upon learning that Cal intends to leave Jack to die on the deck, Rose runs away from him and his mother to rescue him. Jack and Rose go back upstairs. Cal and Jack, despite their enemies, want Rose safe, so convince her to board a lifeboat. But after realizing that she can not leave Jack, Rose bounces back on the ship and reunites with Jack on the first staircase of the ship. Jack and Rose return to the upper deck, the lifeboats are gone, and the ship finally descends into the icy Atlantic, taking Jack and Rose down. <br /> <br /> So Titanic lives up to the hype? I still say that this is a great movie to watch, I think there are and there are still some enemies who for some reason just want to destroy the movie because it won a ton of awards and everyone was in love with the movie. But it has great acting, surprising effects, a well written story and still looks flawless. Love or hate, you have to admit that this movie was not much publicized just because of Leo's baby face or Kate's incredible ability to cry out of sight, this movie is something special. He will always have a special place in my heart, it was also seen that I saw this movie 8 times in the theater when it was released. But all that aside, I highly recommend this movie, it's a great one and sure to go down in the classics one day. <br /> <br />
