After a brief prologue showing a masked man chasing and then slicing through the throat of an older gentleman on a turn-of-the-century Australian street, we meet up with Julie (Rebecca Gibney) and Peter (John Adam) as they go out in search of home. . They get a loan for a realtor on an elegant Sydney street, but it turns out that physical shortage is not the only problem in their new home. He can only be haunted. <br /> <br /> 13 Gantry Row combines a memorable, albeit somewhat cliche, story with a good, medium direction of Catherine Millar in a slightly above-average shock. <br /> <br /> The biggest flaws seem partially due to the budget, but not totally excusable for this obstacle. A crucial problem occurs at the beginning of the film. The opening "thriller scene" presents some complicated issues. Freeze frames and series of photos are used to cover up the fact that there is not much action. Suspense must be created from scenarios, not from extravagant techniques of "fix in the mix". There is a great atmosphere at the scene of the scene, the lighting, the fog and such, but the camera must be slowly following the killer and the victim, cutting back and forth from one to the other as we crawl the street, proximity. The tracking and the cuts need to be slow. The attack needed to be longer, clearer and better blocked. As it stands, the scene has a strong sense of "made for television" and a low budget. After this scene, we move into the present and the flow of the film improves a lot. The story bears many similarities to The Amityville Horror (1979), although the budget forces a much more subtle approach. Millar and screenwriter Tony Morphett effectively create many malicious scenarios, often dramatic in nature rather than special effects-oriented, such as the mysterious man who arrives to remove the old iron plates that had been bizarrely affixed to a wall internal. For some horror fans, the first part of the film can be a little heavy on the realistic drama. At least the first half hour of the movie is mostly about Julie and Peter trying to get funding for the house and then trying to settle down. But Morphett writes a clever and excellent dialogue. The material is done well enough that it is often as suspenseful as the more traditional suspense aspects that come later - especially if you have experienced similar difficulties when trying to buy your own home. <br /> <br /> Once they arrive Things start to get weirder, although special effects leave a lot to be desired, ideas are good. The performances help create tension. There is an abundance of death and destruction in the film - there are more plenty of nightmares than home repairs. But neither is the threat really the point. <br /> <br /> The point is the human relationship. There are several character arcs that are very interesting. The house exists more as a metaphor and a catalyst for stress in a romantic relationship that can make you sour and possibly destroy it. The fact of being in a fancy neighborhood and the relationship being between two successful yuppies shows that these problems not only afflict those who may blame themselves for some external problem such as money or health problems. Peter's character evolves from a corporate employee who strives with "normal" work-based friendships to someone with more despair as he becomes subversive, planning to achieve something more liberating and meaningful. At the same time, we learn how superficial these professional friendships can be. Julie goes through an almost literal nervous breakdown, but finally finds the release when she is released from her flawed romantic relationship. <br /> <br /> Although the 13 Gantry Row never completely transcends his boldness made for television, like a TV movie this is very good, with admirable ambitions. Anyone who likes haunted house movies, horror movies or horror / suspense with a little more metaphorical depth should find plenty to enjoy. Certainly not worth spending $ 30 for a DVD (which was the price that my local PBS station was asking for a copy of the movie after they showed it (factoring in shipping and handling)) but it is worth a rental, and it is definitely worth watching for free.
