ELEPHANT WALK may not be the apogee of literature or cinema, but it is a great entertainment in the quasi-melodramatic way. It is the story of love, both genuine and illicit, as well as the arrogance, devotion, and arrogance of personal tyranny. A previous reviewer, John Mankin, questions why the central focus of the movie, the Elephant Walk mansion, should have been built by the former owner, Governor Tom Wiley, across the traditional elephant path to the great water, the river. Losing that point is essentially missing the point of the whole center of the film: the arrogance of man. That his son, played by Peter Finch, is fascinated by the super image and the enigma of his revered father, is not unexpected, since the son was without a mother growing up in a foreign jungle with only the father and the noisy boys of his dad. 'club' as their models. His father's point was that he was a self-made man who would tame nature to his liking, and that liking was not only a tea plantation in the lands that elephants dominated, but also that he would dominate even the great male elephant who led the herd, and so he would dominate his son and around him, and so we joined the tale after the elephants had been denied crucial access from the dry season to their way to the water. Who knew that this dry season would last so long and what would the elephants do in desperation to get water? This is the nexus of the film: what animals do to get water; What will humans do to gain power or love? Ceylon, present-day Sri Lanka, is the immense island off the coast of India where the plantation is located and you quickly learn that it is the real setting of history, not just Miss Taylor's expenses. Were it not for this exotic place (much of the film was filmed in Ceylon), and the magnificent "bungalow" would have been just another potboiler. It is necessary to recognize the atmosphere created here as an integral part of time and place, as it illuminates the wealth and power of the last days achieved by the English immigrant "conquerors" who were an integral part of the British raj. It is only this wealth obtained by the use of virtual slave labor that could build such a magnificent residence of ebony, teak and marble. Not to be overlooked are the wonderfully sculpted Jalees (grille working window and ledges) evidently specified by art directors J. McMillan Johnson and Hal Pereira and obviously made by the cheaper labor force on the island. Such craftsmanship reveals the careful attention to detail these men sought. <br /> <br /> For those who are immune to the pleasures of time, place and architecture, there is always the fascination of Miss. Taylor, for she marries a man she does not really know and is tacitly courted by another man, against the backdrop described, and under the general tyranny of a deceased man's legacy. Like I said, it's not a great literature, not even a great movie, but it's a great spectacle long before that term was demoted by today's special effects extravaganzas. <br /> <br /> This is one of those movies made to be seen on the giant screen of an outdoor drive-in, not on the home TV, so organize the larger screen to see it to fully appreciate your excellent work camera and reach.
