Scott Bartlett's "OffOn" is nine minutes of pure madness. It is a frontal attack of psychedelic, pulsating, epileptic lights and colors and the first real fusion of film and video in avant-garde cinema. There is no story to speak, but does Bartlett use images of nature? particularly the human face and form? to provoke a sequence of emotional reactions, integrating these biological phenomena to the highly industrial form of modern technology. In a sense, the film represents the fusion of humanity into its tools, its machinery, its technology. This theme loosely connects with the HAL9000 subplot in 2001: Stanley Kubrick's A Space Odyssey (1968), and, in fact, the opening sequence of Bartlett's images? Flashing colors before a human eye close-up ?? recalls Dave Bowman's journey through the Stargate. The visuals are richly colored, a mix of crisp, vivid photos and increasingly grainy video, as if we were sitting too close to a television screen. In fact, the final product was recorded from a TV monitor. <br /> <br /> There seems to be some confusion about the release date of the movie. IMDb lists the film as a 1972 release, but both the National Film Registry and the National Film Preservation Foundation give 1968 the correct year. Perhaps this disparity reflects the time between the completion of the film and its first public showing. Either way, the visuals are distinctly ahead of their time, occasionally reminiscent of a 1980s music video, and some live techno music would not have been useless either! 'OffOn' captures grainy and fragmented images, presenting life from the distorted perspective of a computer processing a lot of information. Did I have a thought? and please do not laugh at this interpretation of free thought? that an extraterrestrial civilization capturing Earth's television signals might well receive such alien and alienated documentation of human life, a bizarre assemblage of images only vaguely familiar that could not have any coherent meaning. Perhaps it is there that Humanity, with all its technology, is heading towards an irreversible fusion of film and video, of purity and artificiality.
