Directed by Govind Nihalani, this is a definitive Indian film thriller. He may be the first to portray the harsh reality of corruption in the police force and politics without barriers and how it affects a young police officer. A man forced to join a police career by his police father. I agreed that we grew up watching very good cop / bad cop Hindi movies, but this is different. Today's generation, who grew up seeing dark and realistic films like "Satya", "Company", may be considered a inferior product in comparison, but look at the time of its production. The film was made absolutely out of the beaten track at a time when people did not pay much attention to this type of cinema and yet it became a most sought-after class thriller and mass audience when it was released. For Om Puri his first breakthrough in traditional Hindi cinema and he did a class performance as Inspector Velankar. His character more than police officer, he internalized a lot that is something original in acting. Watch his scenes with his father whom he hates and Smita whom he loves. Smita Patil has maintained the dignity of his character to the expected level. My God, what natural expressions she carried !!! Shafi Inamdar was really a breakthrough for me and he is a brilliant actor if given a chance and here in some of the scenes he even surpassed Om. The film is also a debut for a promising villain on the Indian screen - Sadashiv Amrapurkar as 'Rama Shetty'. It's another story that he did not get a role as big and almost forgotten today as one of the great villains of Dharmendra's D-series action movies. Watch the scene where Om first becomes a rebel to his father (played by Amrish Puri) and then both are sharing wine together. As the inner truth began to reveal both to the character and to confront feelings of love and hatred for each other. Two faces of the Indian Police Force - masculinity and impotence and between lies - half truth (ardh satya) Kudos to the touch of Nihalani. The film won two national awards as Best Hindi Feature and Best Actor - Om Puri and 3 Filmfare Awards for Best Picture, Best Director and Best Supporting Actor. <br /> <br /> Recommended for all who are interested in nostalgia for serious Hindi movies. <br /> <br /> Ratings- 8/10
