The Shinjuku Triad Society, though perfect, is an extremely compelling film for what it tries to portray in its ultraconventional realm. Takashi Miike is already setting up a lot of aspects for movies that he would do now. This is a picture of the yakuza / triad, involving police officers against Japanese and / or Chinese gangsters (mainly Chinese, as the title suggests), but even in his first technical debut, on. Social issues such as the black market trade of precious goods, in this case human organs usually of children; nostalgia of childhood and of its own roots, which was especially prevalent in Dead or Alive 2; tinkering in the nose on taboos such as gay sex and (satirical) rape / violence against women; violence of freezing the blood. It certainly is not as surreal as some of Miike's latest movies, but this is expected, as he is experimenting with things he is just beginning to learn, following a track record of direct video programmers. He has all these qualities, and also, like the movies that would come from him, equally wild and sincere, crazy (at some points) and sarcastic in his drama, and solid for fans of the genre. <br /> <br /> The story concerns two brothers, a Chinese orphan raised in Japan, Tatsuhito Kiriya (Kippei Shiina, decent as Eastwood-Esquire's antihero hero), who became a detective, and another, who became a gangster, or would be - Be one. The main acquisition gang probably comes from Wang (a definite pun on what the gang represents in his spare time, played by Tomorowo Taguchi as a typical crazy with real terror in his eyes), and his partner Karino (Takeshi Caesar, who is threatening even when just repeating a commandment over and over to a woman who has just had her eyes covered after a bad deal, who is the relentless kind of appearing almost organically in a Miike movie. gangsters, that Kiriya almost becomes a victim, and the gang's tendency to gay sex - at least with a kind of puppet that does what the main gangsters want.All leads to revenge and redemption, qualities that Miike and his writer try to imitate Shakespeare (hence Macbeth's bidding with Wang washing his accursed traits repeatedly after some gay sex saying "will not leave"). If it does not result in the same emotional level of impact that a great piece of Shakespeare would have, it's the same for a movie like this. Miike's goals are achieved, though they have just happened, in his low-scale ambitions: a gangster picture with some additional levels of difficult family problems (the main tension between siblings comes from the profession and duty to parents), notes on the most cruel aspects of crime in the underworld, and what the reign of unrepentant sex with both sexes brings psychologically into the characters. At the same time, the Shinjuku Triad Society also contains more than a few moments of the classic biting black comedy from Miike's work. Part of this has to be taken with a grain of salt for what the director does in his scandalous, like the part at the beginning with the chair breaking in the face, or the randomness of the "interrogation" when it enters a crooked area. There is even a line of laughter from the young sex slave after finishing an act on one of the bosses: "Thank you, Mr. Weeny-Burger." Miike and his writer do not have enough to make the film a comedy of dark humor like Ichi or, of course, Visitor Q, but there is enough to bring an appropriate lightness to the darker aspects of the story and the characters. As the first entry in the trilogy "Black Society," as it is called, I was quite impressed, and it is an excellent card from almost one of the craziest new artists in contemporary cinema.
