Masters of Horror: Right to Die starts late night as couple Abby (Julia Anderson) and Ciff Addison (Martin Donovan) are driving home, however, while Cliff is distracted and falls into a tree that fell on the other side of the road . Cliff's airbag works well and he leaves with minor injuries, unfortunately for Abby what did not happen and she ended up fighting when she was thrown from the car and steeped in gasoline that burned her entire body. Abby's life is saved, only. She is taken to the hospital where she is on severely injured and horribly disfigured life support from burns. Cliff decides she should die, her selfish lawyer Ira (Corbin Bersen) thinks they should let Abby die, sue the automaker and get rich while Abby's mother Pam (Linda Sorenson) wants to blame Cliff, get rich and save Abby . However, Abby has other plans of his own ... <br /> <br /> This American Canadian co-production was directed by Rob Schmidt (whose only horror film was Wrong Turn (2003), which in itself hardly qualifies to Direct an episode of Masters of Horror) and it was episode 9 of Season 2 of the TV series Masters of Horror, while I did not think that Right to Die was the best episode of Masters of Horror I saw, I thought it was a decent effort all the same and still does not come close to being as bad as The Screwfly Solution (2006). The screenplay by John Esposito has a central idea that is nothing new, but uses it effectively, although I say it is a little uneven, the first 15 minutes of this focus on the horror element of the story, but then goes on a pause for 20 odd minutes, which becomes a drama as the legal dispute over Abby's life and the case Cliff is taking center stage before returning to the track, a deliciously bloody and twisted climax that may not be for the faint of heart . The character is a bit of a cliché, the weak man, the lawyer folded, the protective mother and the young prostitute who has sex to get what they want, but all serve their purpose well, the dialogue is good, the story goes on. good pace and overall I liked Right to Die plus a few minutes here and there where he loses focus a bit and I was not so interested in the ambiguous ending. Director Schmidt does a good job And there are some effective scenes that try to switch between the scary atmosphere and the blood and blood. There are some fantastic special effects of makeup as usual there are photos of Abby where she had all the skin burned from her body and the image of her bandaged head showing her teeth because she does not have the lips left is rude (images and effects of makeup that reminded me of similar scenes in Hellraiser (1987) and its sequels, then there is the main dish at the end where Cliff literally hides someone complete with close-ups of scalpels cutting open skin and peeling off muscle and putting it in a box There's also some nudity here, with at least two pretty ladies getting naked ... Technically, the Right to Die is great, the special effects are brilliant and like most of the episodes of Masters of Horror, this does not happen.It seems like a cheap program made for TV that basically if the truth is told.The performance was good but there is no big 'name' n this one. <br /> <br /> Right to Die is another nice and somewhat skewed Masters of Horror episode that most horror fans should definitely check out if not just for the great. skinning scene! It's worth watching ... for those who have stomachaches.
