Stargate SG-1 follows and expands the Egyptian mythologies featured on the Stargate. In the Stargate universe, humans were enslaved and transported to planets inhabited by the Goa'uld, such as Ra and Apophis. For millennia, the Goa'uld reaped humanity, strongly influencing and disseminating human cultures. As a result, terrestrial cultures such as those of the Aztecs, Mayans, British, Norse, Mongols, Greeks and Romans are found on every known habitable planets in the galaxy. Many mythical sites known as Avalon, Camelot and Atlantis are found, or have already existed. <br /> <br /> Today, the Earth Stargate (found in an excavation near Giza in 1928) is housed in a secret US military base known as the SGC (Stargate Command) underneath Cheyenne Mountain. Colonel Jack O'Neill (Anderson), Dr. Daniel Jackson (Shanks), Captain Samantha Carter (Tapping) and Teal'c (Judge) make up the original SG-1 team (some characters enter and / or leave the team) in later times). Together with 24 other SG teams, they venture into distant planets exploring the galaxy and searching for defenses of the Goa'uld, in forms of technology and alliances with friendly advanced races. <br /> <br /> The Goa'uld parasite uses advanced technology to launch itself as Egyptian gods and are engaged in galactic conquest and eternal worship. Over the first eight seasons, the Goa'uld are the main antagonists. They are a race of highly intelligent, relentless, snake-like alien parasites capable of invading and controlling the bodies of other species, including humans. The original archenemy of this race was System Lord Apophis (Peter Williams). Other System Lords, such as Baal and Anubis, have played important roles in recent seasons. In the ninth season, a new villain, the Ori. The Ori are advanced beings with unfathomable technology from another galaxy, also engaged in galactic conquest and eternal worship. The introduction of the Ori accompanies the departure from the main focus of Egyptian mythology to an exploration of Arthurian mythology around the Ori, their followers and their enemies - the ancients.
