A man and his wife are in a horrible car accident. When the wife is left in a persistent vegetative state, the man must choose between pulling the plug and letting it live. The decision is even more difficult when he realizes that his ghost wants revenge on him and those around him. <br /> <br /> This comes from director Rob Schmidt, who did "Wrong Turn" (a movie I have). not seen). With only one horror film on his resume, and not particularly noticeable, I was a little reluctant to watch this episode, hoping that Schmidt would be a "Master of Horror" only in the most liberal sense. My apologies to him for my underestimation. From episode 10, in a season of 13 episodes, this was really the best of them all. <br /> <br /> The "right to die" issue is treated and covered with enough detail to be a solid plot device. However, this is only the basis on which the story revolves. Once the elements of terror appear, the film goes from "decent" to "spectacular." Great acting, great plot, great dialogue, great suspense. I was a bit scared sometimes (which is good) and most of all: the blood is in extreme abundance! I read a review of this episode before watching it, where the reviewer said there is a strong hint of "Hell" in that. During the first part of the program, I had no idea what they were talking about. Then there is a little later, where some pictures remind me of "Hellraiser 2". However, I do not want to say that this takes the film. I do not see any other way to create the effect that was created, and in my opinion this looks remarkably better than "Hellraiser 2". <br /> <br /> Some plot twists appear later, and may invite the viewer to take a second look at the film. I did not watch it a second time, but I think the beginning would make more sense if I had (not that this is confusing). The sub-frame with the dental hygienist is also good, and I found myself going back and forth about whether I did not like the main character because of his relationship with her or if I felt bad for him. He's a little anti-hero for the whole story, if you want. I feel inclined to cheer for him as the protagonist, but he is completely unworthy of love. <br /> <br /> Although Stuart Gordon's episode might be better and I'm excited about the "Washingtonians" episode, I think I could safely bet this is the key episode of the season and by far , the saving grace of what was otherwise lackluster and routine. When legends like John Carpenter disappoint me (again), I'm a bit worried about the future of the genre, but then a new face emerges as Rob Schmidt gives me hope. This is a keeper, and please bring Schmidt back to Season Three!
