I'm not sure if Rob Schmidt qualifies as a "Master" in the horror genre, since he just directed a horror movie called "Wrong Turn" and in fact he was a little above the mediocre, but the fact is that he did with "Right to Die," one of the best and most chilling episodes of the entire second season of the Masters of Horror franchise. There was a similar story of bad luck in the first season when William Malone made one of the best episodes with "The Fair Haired Child," though his other feature films "Fear Dot Com" and "House on Haunted Hill" sucked very badly. The story of "Right to Die" cleverly fits into the current social debate of euthanasia, but fortunately also features several old-fashioned horror themes such as ghostly revenge, murderous conspiracies, black humor and comedic humor. book style violence. When driving home late at night and discussing her husband's continued adultery, the Addison couple are involved in a terrible car accident. Cliff walks away from the wreck, but his wife Abby is totally burned and needs to be kept alive artificially. While Cliff and his scruffy lawyer (Corbin Bernsen of "The Dentist") want to hook up their mother and sue the car's builder, Abbey's mother organizes a gigantic media campaign to keep her daughter alive as a vegetable and blames everything on Cliff. Meanwhile, Abbey's hateful spirit comes back to exact revenge and kills someone around Cliff whenever she has a near-fatal experience with medical devices. After some victims, Cliff realizes that it may be safer for him to keep his wife alive if he wants to stay alive as well. "Right to Die" is a stupendous episode and exactly the kind of thing I've always hoped to see in a TV series concept like "Masters of Horror." He is violent and bloody with a sick and distorted sense of humor and many sequences. The subject of euthanasia and the entire obligatory media circus that surrounds it is processed very well in the script, without, however, unnecessarily reverting to political views or lessons in morality. The atmosphere is suspenseful and the kill sequences are appropriately unpleasant and unsettling. Actresses Julia Anderson and Robin Sydney have a handsome face and impressively voluptuous racks, which is always welcome, and Corbin Bernsen is finally offered the chance to play a petty, self-centered bastard again. Great episode of "MoH"; definitely one of the highlights of both seasons.
