I would give this movie some stars, simply because it was a "Lifetime" filmed on the place represented in the story - here, New York City. Most of this channel is set there, in rural areas of Iowa, Oregon, Virginia, LA etc., is filmed in Vancouver, Ottawa, Toronto or some other Canadian locality. <br /> <br /> But if there ever was one deserving the best rating - 10 * on this site, it's this movie. Certainly not for originality, for this story was often made, in many variations, with several very similar to that specific. It has also been done quite often on the big screen, with mega stars, past and present, by Cary Grant, James Garner, Harrison Ford, Tom Hanks and others - and Deborah Kerr, Doris Day, Meg Ryan and many more. I can think of at least another 10 to 12, equally prominent, from the past to the present, out of my head, that could be added now, and probably there are many others that could be brought to mind. <br /> Not to continue, but my point is that, in my opinion, this is by far one of the best of this genre that I have seen. I caught her by chance on a noon Friday, at a time when I had the TV on only because I was taking a few hours after a particularly hectic week. I've never met this movie in 8 years since it was made. And while the two leaders did enough to be known by the majority, they were completely unknown to me. The only two actors I knew of were Phyllis Newman (Anna's mother), whom I had seen in some youthful things, and Michael Rispoli (Henry, Charlie's best friend) who stood out as "Grandma" "Rounders." The casual encounter and coupling between best friends on both sides, as a novel of subhistory, with the correlation of being such with Anna and Charlie being revealed to all later, is a oft-done plot the artifice within the genre, but it makes no difference to the pleasure here (actually, it increases it). <br /> <br /> Looking at some other comments, I completely agree with those who are the most positive. The main word that describes this movie is ENGAGING, in capital letters. This adjective describes the artists; the characters; the chemistry between all the characters, in any combination presented, and all supporting and even minor roles. <br /> <br /> I love movies with a "harder edge": "Rounders"; the escapist Schwarzenegger / Stallone; "Goodfellows"; until the classics like "Casablanca", "And the Wind Levou", "Citizen Kane". But for pure and uncomplicated pleasure, this was exceptional. With a bare fraction of their budgets, it was equal to the results achieved by "You've Got Mail" and "Sleepless in Seattle." And Tom Hanks and Meg Ryan could not have done better than Natasha Henstridge and Michael Vartan here; the co-stars and supporting people here were also equivalent to those in these mega-films.
