It's amazing that, from a good, though not wonderful, movie made in the early 90's, a whole franchise can grow. 'Stargate; The SG1 'is undoubtedly a valuable addition to the genre of science fiction and has the right to stand side by side with' Star Trek 'as the kings of science fiction. <br /> <br /> From the 1994 movie Stargate, this series sees the Stargate command (a military / scientific organization) discovering that the stargate system can be used to travel to various planets across the galaxy and beyond, and the military set up a number of teams to explore. SG1 is one such team, headed by veteran Colonel Jack O'Neill, and includes archaeologist Daniel Jackson, military scientist captain Samantha Carter and alien Teal'c, who betrayed their supreme leaders hoping to one day liberate their people. The Earth quickly becomes an enemy of the Goa'uld, a parasitic race that uses humans as hosts and considers itself equal to the gods. <br /> <br /> The first-rate cast has much to be congratulated for bringing this show life. Richard Dean Anderson is perfect as the cynical and sarcastic O'Neill, who can switch from infantile to deadly in the blink of an eye. Michael Shanks, like Daniel, brings heart and a steel will to the character, who grew from wide-eyed innocence to darker and harder as the show progressed. Amanda Tapping, like Carter, perfected the balance between portraying her character's femininity without understanding the fact that she is a strong and intelligent military scientist. Christopher Judge is excellent as the indifferent Teal'c, who is able to describe the character's emotions with subtlety. And Don S Davis is perfect as the esteemed General Hammond, who leads with a good balance of justice and steadfastness. <br /> <br /> Nearly every episode is engrossing and portrayed with intelligence, reflecting on moral dilemmas as well as on the friction between military interests and civilian beliefs (often shown through arguments between O'Neill and Jackson). The invited characters are solidly represented and the arcs of the story are treated in a way that does not bother the viewers. SG1 also excels in humor, from the jokes of O'Neill to episodes that are strangers and strangers! The SG1 has everything from action, drama, romance, suspense to the moving scenes of death. It's not just a great science fiction show, but it's a great show overall.
