Tim Krabbe is the acclaimed author of 'Het Gouden Hey', a novel that was put on screen twice ('Spoorloos' and 'The Vanishing'). One of the most recent works by the Dutch writer is De Grot, a psychological thriller about two totally different men, Egon and Axel, who find themselves in a youth camp and, surprisingly, become friends for life. Egon is a quiet and somewhat annoying person who spends his time studying and writing geography books. Axel, on the other hand, is a charismatic "party animal," a heavy-drinking criminal whose daily concern is to put a woman in her bedroom. From the moment they meet, Axel has a strong influence on Egon, while the latter envies him because he has a good life without really doing anything (like reading thick books like Egon); in the final analysis, Egon is dragged by Egon to illegal practices, which leads to a fatal drug transport in a distant Asian country. After reading the book last year, I was surprised that the critics were quite positive. about this. In my opinion, the book suffers especially from the complex structure. While Krabbe presents the story as an absorbing portrait of an unusual relationship between two people, the plot becomes yet another enigma: the many episodes are not presented chronologically, so that two successive scenes are rarely in the same episode. Because of this, the story seems surprisingly remote: you often need to know the history of a character to really care about him or her. Another complaint was that the main characters, Egon and Axel, were somewhat stereotyped. Egon is dull 'intellectual', while Axel is his exact opposite. In real life, these one-dimensional people rarely exist; in books and movies, they always seem to be there, drawing a lot of credibility. <br /> <br /> Despite all this, the film was a pleasant surprise, much better than the book. The adaptation stands out in his beautiful cinematography, humor and acting: Fedja van Huet (Egon) is one of the few Dutch actors who can make you forget that he is acting (which, in my opinion, is the maximum that an actor can achieve ). The disadvantages of the film, however, are the same as the book: mainly because the characters are one-dimensional, they are so predictable that they become annoying. Guess who wrote the script? In fact, Krabbe himself. It is obvious that this talented director (this is how the film makes it clear) is hampered by a poor script. Maybe Koolhoven should have chosen a better book. <br /> <br /> 7/10
