RUMORS is a memorable entry in the series of war cartoons starring "Private Snafu". The films were directed at the military and were directed, animated and marked by some of the greatest talents of Warner Bros. Termite Terrace, including Friz Freleng, Chuck Jones and Carl Stalling. The invaluable Mel Blanc provided the voice of Snafu, and the stories and rhyming narratives of many of the films were provided by Theodor Geisel, ie Dr. Seuss. The idea was to convey basic concepts with humor and vivid imagery, using Snafu's character as a perfect negative example: he was the drug addict, who would do anything you SHOULD NOT do. According to Chuck Jones, the scripts had to be approved by Pentagon officials, but the army also allowed the animators an unusual freedom of speech and obscene jokes, certainly more than the theatrical censorship of the time would allow - all for the greater good, of course . <br /> <br /> As the title would indicate, this cartoon is an illustration of the damaging power of rumors. The setting is an Army camp. Private snafu sits next to another soldier in the latrine (something you will not see in any other Hollywood movie of that time) and your casual conversation begins to roll. We note that an improvised observation about a bombing is misinterpreted, then exaggerated, and then turned into an increasingly frightening rumor that sweeps the field. The images are in fact vivid: the brain of an anxious soldier is described as a percolation pot, while the feverish speech of another is presented as hot air vapor, that is, "balloon juice." A soldier "shoots your mouth", cannon style, and before you know it, real baloney is flying in all directions. Baloney winged, with that. Panicked soldiers tell each other that the Brooklyn Bridge was sprayed, Coney Island destroyed, enemy troops landed on the lawn of the White House, and the Japanese are in California. The visuals become increasingly surreal and terrifying until finally the camp is quarantined by "Rumors" and Private Snafu was locked in a padded cell. <br /> <br /> This is a highly effective job. Filmmakers have dramatized their theme with surprising humor and energy, and the message is still valid. In recent years, we have seen that catastrophic events (real or imagined) can generate all kinds of rumors that spread faster than ever before, thanks to the advances in communication. As technology has improved, Private Snafus of our time can broadcast its own balloon via email, mobile and blog. Consequently, RUMORS is a rare example of a wartime educational film whose essential message does not seem to date; in fact, it may be more timely than ever.
