The beauty of this film is evidenced in the grand portrait of the power of a mother's love, the exceptional performances, the constant execution and the rather innovative script. The film tells the story of an Indian woman, Nandini, who lives in Canada with her husband Shekhar and little Raja. Suddenly, her husband informs her that his family in India (whom she did not even know) is in trouble and the couple runs to India. When they enter the village, Nanadini is shocked and terrified to witness a very wild rural culture; The Shekhar family, ruled by her cruel, highly cynical and ruthless father, Narasimha, lives a poor and highly violent lifestyle that is full of murder and terror and where women are subservient and helpless. Nandini begins to bother Shekhar to return home, but he is soon killed by his father's enemies. When she wants to leave, Narasimha refuses to let her take Raja back to India. Here begins the intense fight that can be called "Nandini vs. Narasimha". <br /> <br /> India is not presented in a particularly positive light in this film but shows only a small minority of its rural areas, so it may even be correct. The portrait is, in my view, fair and not unilateral, because the positive side is also presented to a certain extent. Such a horrible sight could be shown in a movie about any country in the world. The locations are amazing, the music is wonderful, and the direction of Krishna Vamshi is aided by a very effective cinematography and good editing. One thing that should be noted is the very nice background score to the ear by Ismail Darbar, it's beautiful. The characters are very well defined, although we can see both their bright and dark sides in different parts of the film. Realistically portrayed, the film flows well and is an interesting and quite entertaining watch. His dialogues are superb and cleverly written, and while shocking procedures can be very disturbing at some points, a lot of positive moments can relieve tension. <br /> <br /> The greatest strength of the film are the performances. Karisma Kapoor is breathtaking and very believable as Nandini. His ability to strike a balance between vulnerability and unbridled emotion is simply incredible. She shows as much intensity, impulsiveness, anguish, and determination as the mother who wants to have her child back that this child seems to be her own child. Her outbreaks when facing Nana Patekar, which are like volcanic eruptions, show us how the simplest of women can become a tigress when it comes to her son. After Fiza, this is his most powerful performance. One of the greatest actors in Indian cinema, Nana Patekar is indescribable as Narasimha. He manages to be hateful as Narasimha is still admirable as the actor who plays him. Patekar displays cruelty, insight and even humanity with total conviction. He is excellent. Another great performance comes unsurprisingly from India's most underrated actress, Deepti Naval, who sensitizes her character to perfection. Sanjay Kapoor is just adequate and Shahrukh Khan offers great comic relief. Anyway, watch Shakti - could have been better, but it's definitely a must-have watch.
