A strong-minded woman after a long time, Shakti- The Power by director Krishna Vamsi, the Desi version of Hollywood's success Not Without My Daughter is the first home production of actress Sridevi. A story about a woman's struggle against harsh injustice. <br /> <br /> The story of the film revolves around Nandini (Karisma Kapoor), who lives in Canada with his two uncles (Tiku Talsania, Jaspal Bhatti). There she meets Shekhar (Sanjay Kapoor), falls in love with him and soon gets married. His family is complete when Nandini has a boy, Raja (Master Jai Gidwani). But their happiness is short, as the news of the sick mother of Shekhar (Deepti Naval) causes them to leave their perfect life in Canada and come to India. And that's where the problems begin. From the moment they arrive in India, both are shocked to see the pollution and the vast crowd of people everywhere. They take a crowded train to reach the village of Shekhar and when they finally arrive at the station, they have to take a long bus ride to their village. The sweaty hard-working bus combined with the uncertain terrain makes it an endless attraction. And, sadly, for them, a frenzied mob that knocked Shekhar out of shape for no fault of his attacks on his bus. Fortunately, they are dead in time, before they can harm you further. After that, they drive to Havel where Shekhar's father, Narsimha (Nana Patekar) lives with his wife (Deepti Naval). Nandani realized that her father-in-law is in charge as soon as she enters the place, but her only consolation is the warm reception of her mother-in-law. <br /> <br /> Living there, Nandini learns about his father. us-laws tyrannical behavior and realizes that relentless killing is a way of life for him. The day she sees her father-in-law teach her son to launch a bomb, she loses and attacks him, urging Shekhar to return to Canada. But terror strikes again when Shekhar is murdered one day, leaving a Nandini alone destroyed with her son in this strange land where she is tormented by a cruel father-in-law. His fight against this man to save his son is what makes the climax of this exciting emotional film. <br /> <br /> What distinguishes Shakti from most films being made late is also the rural setting of the film. . The only drawback is the music of Ismail Darbar, who can not rise above the script. The only saving grace is the sexy item number Ishq Kameena, which was composed by Anu Malik. Another slap for the director comes because he drew some splendid performances from his cast. Karisma Kapoor is the life of the film and gave a moving performance as a helpless mother. She is sure to win prizes for this heated portrait. The second is the actor Nana Patekar, who is back with a bang with this movie. His coarse mannerisms combine with him and shows his versatility again with this role. Sanjay Kapoor is the surprise package of the film with a sincere and effective portrait that opposes both other actors. Deepti Naval is also in top form and his clash with Pr-climax with Nana is commendable. Shahrukh's cameo provides the lighter moments and certainly he was drawn to get the star needed value. Although his role was not really needed, he did well. Overall, Shakti is a far superior film than most of today's producers, and the Pr-release advertising campaign is a good opening. Shakti is sure to get the critics and audiences knocks up. So what if the film needs to be trimmed desperately on at least 2 rollers to improve the impact. Shakti still has the power to continue without problems!
