If some film stands out greatly with the acting skills of the actors, this is probably the only one. I've never seen dialogues spoken so roughly, but with a strong feeling. The movie was disturbing at times. However, the film was terrible at the issue. The movie tries to follow the commercial path by adding comedies and songs, but they feel out of place. As Karisma is being beaten, and at the same time SRK is fighting (comically) with the police. The music of Ishq Kamina was very out of place. Also, the film is overly bright at first. The direction was not bad, but certainly nothing can boast. <br /> <br /> I must say that the actors were chosen very wisely. Without them, this movie would have no impact. Karisma Kapoor has given her best role so far, and this looks pretty good on her record after Zubeidaa and Fiza. She looks pretty in the first half, and I've never seen an actress screaming with excitement and anger, just like her. What is most ironic is that this is probably their weakest writing role to date. Nana Patekar was excellent as her father-in-law. There is not much to say about it, other than that this is a role made for it. Deepti Naval as the mother-in-law was excellent, especially in her final scene. Although she did not have much to say, her facial expressions and body language were good. The other good performance was the little boy. He was adorable and would surely bring tears to the viewer's eyes. The film was probably saved desperately by its performances. Sanjay Kapoor was fine, but he did not have much to do. Shahrukh Khan was wasted in his role as a bad boy type. <br /> <br /> One thing that drove the audience to the theater was Ishq Kamina. The picturization of music and dance are perfect for the crude lyrics of music. And the Aish boy is mad with rage. However, the song belonged to another movie just because it came at the worst time of all time. People may have gone to the movies for Aish, but they will not boast too much later. Hum Tum Miley was pretty rhythmic, but seemed to drag as the suspenseful mood was coming out throughout the movie. Damroo Bhaje was annoying and nothing spectacular. Dil Ne Pukara is very annoying of a song to get the mood of the movie. Despite the bad editing, the performances alone make a visit obligatory.
