Watching this movie was the most fun I've had in the movies in a long time. However, I can not tell if it is a good or bad movie, because these simple qualifications simply can not be applied. This photo has everything any movie could have. It features a romantic comedy, a political commentary, a thriller, a drama, an action movie, a musical and a self-conscious absurd art film. It's all there, adding to a myth. <br /> <br /> The basic premise is about an Indian couple, Nandini (Karishma Kapoor) and Shekhar (Sanjay Kapoor), living happily in Canada, who rush to India to visit their husband's parents after a disturbing report . The rest of the story takes place in India, where the couple finds themselves in the midst of a plot of fratricidal violence. At one point, the story borrows from "Not without my baby," but calling Shakti a remake of anything would be an injustice. The ostensible plot takes second place in the face of a series of startling interruptions, including Aishwarya Rai's dream of Shah Rukh Khan that comes as if it were from another movie. In fact, the two stars are on all posters, but appear too late in the film, and only Shah Rukh ends up being a real character. However, he makes up for it with a witty and truly unexpected performance. Karishma Kapoor is the one who has the most work to do in this film, and she does an admirable job, having to turn the plot twists. and spins with a demonstration of believable emotion. Another notable presence is Nana Patekar, who plays Narsimha, the tyrannical father of her husband Shekhar. Nana Patekar dominates all scenes with a scary but nuanced character. <br /> <br /> The film is not devoid of realism. Violence is rampant, but truly disturbing in the abuse received by most of the female characters, with Karishma being beaten on several occasions. Sometimes this violence is clearly disturbing, but it turns out to be surreal, since every dramatic sequence is usually followed by twists so comical and spectacular that the general effect is nothing more than cathartic. <br /> <br /> I saw a part of Bollywood. releases, and the mix of genres and incredible plot resolutions are certainly the norm. But "Shakti" raises the level by absorbing an even larger masala without becoming ridiculous. It is a film that reaches the greatness of a tragedy of Shakespeare, where the public of the peat and the royalty is equally entertained. It is a pure and free cinema, and director Krishna Vamsi must have had a dream of a good time playing all the tricks of the book. Perhaps the most important message of violence that generated violence and the inspirational points of maternal love were not the thoughts in my mind, but I came out of watching "Shakti" exultant. Making movies can be the most fun in the world!
