On Sunday, July 27, 1997, the first episode of a new science fiction series called "Stargate SG-1" was broadcast on Showtime. A spin-off and sequel to the 1994 movie "Stargate," starring Kurt Russell and James Spader, the series begins about a year after the events portrayed in the film. For ten seasons, he narrated the adventures and misadventures of an intrepid team of explorers known as SG-1. Originally the series starred Richard Dean Anderson as Colonel Jack O'Neill (two "l" s!), Michael Shanks as Dr. Daniel Jackson, Amanda Tapping as Captain Samantha Carter, Christopher Judge as Teal'c and Don S. Davis as Major General George S. Hammond. For ten long years, we saw the team fighting the Goa'uld, the Replicators, the Ori and many other aggressors. At the same time, they forged alliances with the Asgard, the Tok'ra, the Jaffa, the Nox and the Tollan rebels. They saved the world at least eight times over the years and never gave up, not until death claimed them. And sometimes not even then. <br /> <br /> As with all long-running series, they have been numerous cast changes. Michael Shanks left the series in January 2002 at the end of his fifth season in order to broaden his horizons as an actor. Daniel Jackson's successor as the team's resident archaeologist was Jonas Quinn, an alien from a country called Kelowna on the planet Langara, played by Corin Nemec. However, Shanks returned early in the seventh season in June 2003 and Nemec came out at the same time. Unfortunately, he only made one more guest appearance and his character was rarely mentioned later. Don S. Davis left the series at the end of the seventh season in March 2004 when he felt it was time to go. The original star of the show and undoubtedly its most popular actor, Richard Dean Anderson, starred in the series over its first eight seasons. His participation in the seventh and eighth seasons was notably lower than in previous seasons. He finally left "SG-1" in March 2005 to spend more time with his six-year-old daughter. Jack O'Neill was by far my favorite character in the series and, truth be told, I've never enjoyed the last two seasons as much as the first few episodes for that very reason. <br /> <br /> The ninth season represented a new era for the show. With the departure of its main actor and the defeat of the Goa'uld and the Replicators in the eighth season, many fans felt that the series should be on the rise. Regardless, the series continued for two more years with the Ori replacing the Goa'uld as the main opponents of the series. Three new characters have been brought in to fill in the gaps and help usher in this reinvention. Ben Browder came in as the arrogant Southern Air Force pilot, Lieutenant Colonel Cameron Mitchell, the new leader of SG-1. Her co-star "Farscape", the adorable Claudia Black, began to play a prominent role in the series as the vivacious, sexy, hilarious and certainly extroverted Vala Mal Doran, a former Goa'uld presenter and con artist from another planet. Recurring guest star for the eighth and ninth seasons, she joined the cast full-time at the start of her tenth and final season. Completing the cast were the legendary Beau Bridges as Major General Hank Landry, the new SGC commander and an old friend of Jack O'Neill and General Hammond. Over the past two years, they have starred alongside the faithful "SG-1" (Michael Shanks, Amanda Tapping and Christopher Judge) and have become valuable parts and made equally valuable contributions to the Stargate franchise. <br /> <br /> All good things must come to an end. During the initial broadcast of the first several episodes of the tenth season, the scores dropped considerably, resulting in cancellation in August 2006. After ten seasons and 214 episodes, the dream finally ended. On March 13, 2007, what began with "Sons of the Gods" ended with "Unending." The series' finale debuted worldwide on Sky One in Britain and Ireland before being shown on the Sci-Fi Channel in the United States on June 22, 2007. <br /> <br /> In the ten years the series was in the air, accumulated legions of fans and even eclipsed the science-fiction series "Star Trek" in terms of popularity in some countries. It became the second longest sci-fi series in the world, second only to "Doctor Who" (1963-1989), and the oldest science-fiction series ever produced in the United States, having passed "The X-Files" only a few months before finishing. <br /> <br /> "Stargate SG-1" represents the basis of the "Stargate" franchise. In 2004, its success and popularity led to the production of a spin-off series titled "Stargate Atlantis," which was sadly canceled after five seasons and 100 episodes in August 2008. Although plans for another feature film have fallen, two "Stargate: The Ark of Truth" and "Stargate Continuum," were released in 2008 and are forecast more for the not-too-distant future. A third live-action series, "Stargate Universe," is due to debut sometime next year. (There was, unfortunately, an animated series, "Stargate Infinity," which ran only from 2002 to 2003, but the less said it the better). Despite the end of "SG-1" and "Atlantis" as continuous series, the future of "Stargate" really looks very bright. In conclusion, while "Stargate" has yet to win the same degree of popular recognition as other great sci-fi television franchises such as "Star Trek" and "Doctor Who", it is still relatively new compared to the two giants of science fiction and I have every confidence that will continue for many, many years to come.
