Uneven Bollywood drama. Karisma Kapoor is excellent as an Indian woman in Canada who marries a friend (Sanjay Kapoor), has a child and then visits her family in India only to find out that they are warlord terrorists. Drama and tragedy ensue, and the film becomes a type of thriller of style NOT WITHOUT MY BABY. The cinema is compelling, its few numbers of music / dance are uninteresting and unnecessary, Bollywood music and dance are really out of character by the intensity of the drama of this movie, at least once we leave the comforting confines of your Canadian love nest . ??? although a number involving a special guest in the dazzling Aishwarya Rai is pleasantly provocative, if at all it gets lost as well. Similarly, the inclusion of Bollywood superstar Shahrukh Khan as a carefree hobo who helps Kapoor escape from the warlord's clutches turns what has been a very serious drama into an idiot farce and just stands up again . when your character? and your fantasies about Rai that generate your cameo dance? are dispensed. His comic book dialogue and the foolishness of his fighting scenes undermine the film's main thrilling drama. The cast is very well supported by Nana Patekar as the warlord, and the elegant Deepti Naval who is remarkable as his suffering wife who finally chooses to face him in one of the best scenes of the film; Ritu Shivpuri and Rajshree Solanki are also very good as the sisters of Sanjay in India, and very pleasing to the eye. But Sanjay himself far outnumbers himself, especially during the obvious deals. The directing style of writer / director Krishna Wamsi is sloppy, with abrupt transitions and abrupt cuts, although his camera movement is good. The musical underline is also quite effective, temperamental, featuring a wordless female voice over a small orchestral ensemble (very badly, if any of that got on the SHAKTI soundtrack CD, but Bollywood has not yet figured out the value of including sheet music along with songs from their soundtrack albums, at least not in most cases). But SHAKTI is Karisma Kapoor's film, though, and the intensity of her performance as the film shifts to India contrasts sharply with the gentle romance with which she became involved with Sanjay in early Canadian scenes. Despite the inequality of much of the picture, Karisma's performance completely sells the film and solidifies its inconsistent measurements. Strangely, too, I thought the story was another glimpse of the ostentation of royalty I had noticed in the Golden Flower Curse and Marie Antoinette, both of which I had seen shortly before, although SHAKTI, of course, is a complete type different from film; but focus on a dysfunctional real family? here living in the austerity of terrorism-controlled poverty in India, instead of the elegance of Versailles or the enormous megalomania of the Tang dynasty of China? whose selfish pursuit of power brings ruin to many others and forces a revolt of one kind or another to provide the film with a remarkable subtext.
