When a wealthy tycoon is killed in a plane crash, his twin sister, Martha Craig (Madge Kennedy), does not believe he has picked up the controls in a suicide attack (even if auto-snuff runs in the family), but his three Beautiful daughters could not care less. The pilot, Jim Norton (John Bromfield), goes to work for Valerie Craig (Kathleen Hughes), who soon coercs him to help control the property of his troubled sister, Lorna (Sara Shane) and family lawyer Jess Barker ). . Valerie wants Norton to seduce Lorna when he is not defending herself against the advances of another sister, the nymphet Vicki (Marla English), but her plans are thwarted when Norton falls for her prey. All bets are out as a world of misery including corporate chicanery, seductions, suicides, blackmail, a murder plan, the Mann Act, double crosses, disfigurement and poetic justice - fall Craig Manor, an imposing mansion on a cliff. overlooking the sea ... <br /> <br /> This absurd potboiler would have made a perfect second resource for WRITTEN ON THE WIND, also from 1956. It was said that Douglas Sirk saga of a powerful (and powerfully dysfunctional ) oil clans inspired the 1980s DALLAS television series, but Craig's low eyebrow tour of madness seems fair to his sinister soap sister, DYNASTY. All three brothers (only one of them is really bad) are great beauties, but it's the cartoon villainy of Kathleen Hughes that stands out. Valerie is relentless in her quest to inherit the family fortune and her unbridled enthusiasm for evil is one of the many guilty pleasures of the film. Teenage sister Vicki is also a good job, remembering Carmen Sternwood in THE BIG SLEEP. When they meet for the first time, she pulls the equivalent of trying to sit on Norton's lap while he is still standing, approaching him with the phrase "I have graduated summa cum laude from Embrace-able U." Whew! THREE MAJOR SISTERS, produced by schlockmeister Howard W. Koch, is a terrible little flounder in excess of exploration and the cast is B-Movie Heaven: Marla "She Creates" English, 50s hunk John "Revenge Of The Creature "Bromfield (once married to French sexinina Corinne Calvet), Universal star Sara Shane (discovered by Hedy Lamarr), Jess" Mr. Susan Hayward "Barker, Kathleen" came from outer space "Hughes and ex-silence Madge Kennedy, star of the screen, gives everything she has - whatever the amount of Eurotrash's future star Brett Halsey (TROMPET OF THE Apocalypse) is briefly seen as one of Vicki's victims. B-Movie rating: 10/10 Marla (and her English body) made wonderful movies! THREE BAD SISTERS was recently seen on the big screen as part of the Palm Springs Noir Festival, but the jury is still cleaning up the foam ... in hell, it's noir (5/10 on the noirometer).
