Most yeti photos are fatally undermined by a serious lack of energy and enthusiasm. Not so gloriously folded, extravagant and frantic over-the-top kut-buster Italian-shot-in-canter from Canada: It's a wild wonderfully and vigorously stupid marvel that strikes a stunningly over-baked "apotheosis" what the heck is going? " A freighter ship's crew discovers the body of a 30-foot yeti that resembles a 70's hirsute disc stallion (complete with afro-waved jumbo) perfectly preserved on a large chunk of ice. They untangle the beast, make it come back to life with electric charges, grossly mistreat it, and keep the poor hairy Goliath in a huge glass cabin. Before you can say "Hey, the filmmakers are obviously stealing 'King Kong'," our titanic abominable snowdude breaks free from his cage, takes the first luxurious and luxurious blonde Euro megera (the beautiful Pheonix Grant) that he puts in his eyes lush storms with his new mistress. The yeti is recaptured and flown to Toronto to be screened for a stunned audience. Of course, he frees himself again, picks up the shrew and continues the expected hit by the bustle of the city. <br /> <br /> The sublimely stupid dialogue (sample line: "Philosophy has no place in science, teacher"), extravagant (far from) special effects (the work of translucent blue transparent screen and toy miniatures of Tonka are especially noisy in their very jaw-dropping horrible), clumsy (mis) direction and a heavy script that even tries an awkwardly sincere "Is the yeti a man or a beast?" All ethical debates combine to create one of the most deliciously ridiculous giant monsters ever to roar absurdly on the big screen. Better yet, we also have some unusual and fun touches to add more poorly seasoned seasoning to the already juicy cinematic mix: the fox accidentally grazes one of the yeti's nipples, which causes it to harden and eliminates a big, malicious grin of approval. the lascivious giant (!); the bitch suckles the yeti's bruised hand as he stares at her with viscous eyes, the yeti slammed the windows with his feet as he climbs an imposing office building, and the furry one even breaks a man's neck with his toes (!! ). Overall, this camp classic must be singularly a remarkable monolith of infectiously asinine celluloid madness that is eminently worthy of a grave and unconditional underground cult.
