Here is another movie that must be placed on a satellite, fired in space and pointed in the direction of the Andromeda galaxy to show possible distant civilizations the best of mankind. This film is so incredibly stupid and revealingly honest to be little more than a rip-off of the already bad 1976 KING KONG classic film that not only manages to overcome the film in terms of pure idiot goofy laugh but has successfully predicted much of the miserable Peter Jackson's 2005 computer design with the same name, in regard to a "romance" between the giant (here a Yeti) and a beautiful human woman (Antonellina Interlenghi of Umberto Lenzi's CITY OF THE LIVING DEAD, which is very easy <br /> <br /> The film was made for children, plus some hints about fish bones and a bizarre piercing on the nipples to say goodbye, you can forget the sex - the Yeti has up to a kind of handle giant athlete to cover up his monstrous package, the result is even more fun than anatomical correction.But as a trade-off you have an old crazy scientist, two curious kids, Tony Kendall in a rare turnabout as an imbecile bastard of a villain, an intelligent dog who manages to have his own adventure. in Europe for a while) and of course emerges as the hero in the end to save the Yeti, who turns out to be the good guy, glorious things like decorated front loaders resembling hands of giant monkeys, a monster whose size literally changes scale shot, some horribly inappropriate deaths that will make the carnage compared to GODZILLA VS THE SMOG MONSTER be timid in comparison, crowd reaction taken from Spanish, Italian or Canadian extras depending on the scene (you can sort say where they were filming as the extras are dressed up), and some of the most enthusiastic but inept special effects work in a giant monkey movie. <br /> <br /> This is where the film has conquered me: it is enthusiasm only for being bad. Frank Kramer is actually the same Gianfranco Parolini who brought the SARTANA world in 1968 and GOD'S GUN the previous year and was a very important director in the Western Spaghetti movie and action / adventure film of the 1960s and 1970s and the YETI era. He was probably happy to get the job. I would say that this is his most adventurous film of all time, or rather, that he had more chances, and may have felt more comfortable in taking advantage of the chances with the film aimed at children and families. The film has a kind of reckless abandon to the way it was made, which makes technical errors or inconsistencies totally meaningless. Or rather, they are part of the fun, and if the movie had been played seriously, it would not have worked - WHAT IS EXACTLY WHY PETER JACKSON'S MOVIE WAS SUCCESSFUL. <br /> <br /> He forgot to have fun with the material and let him dictate the result using his army of stupid people animators of the Macintosh Power pod, and with all its flaws + clunkiness, Kramer's YETI is closer to the spirit of why we watch movies like that, which is partly to see actors in monkey suits destroying sets of miniatures on sound stages, and not lively insipid hours of nothing but hard disk space. I would rate this with KING KONG VERSUS GODZILLA and IT! PLEASURE OF THE GREAT GOLEM as one of the most fantastic and gigantic monstrous movies ever. Because the movie looks so "fake" you can get over the story and just have fun seeing things being destroyed, trampled, thrown and broken. Knowing this and armed with a fertile and energetic enthusiasm for having the chance to make the film, Parolini has removed all barriers and offers a full-bodied adventure that may be a bit difficult for some of the little tykes, but it's the first movie I'm going to do . share with the grandchildren someday when your stupid parents leave you with me for a weekend. This is a thing for the ages and one of the most revealing expressions of humanity to commit to celluloid. <br /> <br /> 10/10, it's about ten more minutes, but who cares, you only show up once and I'd rather leave with a smile on your face.
