This is one of the best movies coming out of Hong Kong's New Wave that started with Tsui Hark's "ZU: Warriors of Magic Mountain." Tsui set a tone for New Wave's approach to the martial arts film that practically all New Wave directors (Jackie Chan, Sammo Hung, Wong Jing, Ching Siu Tung, etc.) have since accepted as a given; that is, approaching such films from then on would require more than a touch of irony, if not direct comedy. "Burning Paradise" put an end to all this, and with vengeance. <br /> <br /> It's not that there's no humor here; but it is a purely human humor, as in the aging early Buddhist priest, who somehow manages to give the young prostitute a quick feel while hiding in a bundle of straw. But that's exactly how humans are, not even Buddhist priests can be holy all the time. When irony is finally introduced into the film, it is as unpleasant as possible, emanating from the abbot of Red Lotus Temple, which is a study in pure nihilism, as has never been recorded in the film before. He is the very incarnation of Milton's Satan of "Paradise Lost": "Better to rule in Hell than to serve in heaven!" And if he can not get to Satan's hell soon enough, he will turn the world around him into a hell he can rule. <br /> <br /> This is the reason that highlights the brutal violence of many of the images here. It is not that the abbot wants only to kill people; he wants them to despair, to feel completely hopeless, to accept their nihilism as a comprehensive reality. So there is a definite meaning that permeates the scenes of the Red Temple that there may be no other reality outside the Temple itself - it has become all that exists in the universe, and the Abbot, claiming the domain of infinite power, is in charge. Of course, fortunately, the movie does not end there. Although there are losses, the human will to be only ordinarily human ultimately prevails. (If you want to know how, watch the movie!) However, there is no doubt that when we see this movie, we visit hell. I hope we do not witness our own afterlife; but we certainly feel punished by experience - and somehow better by all of that.
