I saw this when I first came to the video, my little sister got it as a gift and I was probably 12 at the time ... What stood out to me was the lack of conflict in the middle of the movie that so many movies have, where the main characters get angry with each other because when it comes time to explain themselves they just do not say the only thing you're screaming at the screen that would make sense in any business that anyone of reasonable intellect could say. This is what I like the most in the movie, I think, that the main characters do not mean things to one another in the middle of the road ... they do not separate and make up, they just grow up to like each other more O The film continues. <br /> <br /> These two boys come together and although they seem at first to be opposite sides of the track, they are not so different. Loui is really just a middle-class kid who needed to realize how lucky he was to have a loving family, and Cecelia was a high-class child who just needed to prove to her family that she existed and that they would miss her if she had gone. Anyway, I saw this movie posted on Hulu and had to watch it again ... sure there are holes in the plot if you analyze the script and no, Woog and Dweeb should not be eating hot dogs since they would have been herbivores in reality . Now what slows down the film is its lack of hope. Children under the age of five would probably be scared by the scenes with Dr. Screweyes. And, the addition of it in the middle of the movie (although it is clearly obvious in the first scene that he will make an appearance) is very abrupt ... there should be a glimpse of him doing his show at the beginning of the movie, perhaps to show that it is not so scary without the dinosaurs. I think there has been no real present danger for the entire first half of the film, so it lacks a bit of continuity when it appears in the second half. <br /> <br /> Considering the target audience, who I am can certainly ignore the animation and the not-so-impressive dialogues ... I think I'll give those factors a chance too, and just enjoy the story. It's a great kid's movie and it's in your head ... it makes you think about how you treat people and should be revisited every 10 years I think.
