I was not always a fan, but the show grew in me. It was only after the fifth season that I began to see the richness of the show. They finally wiped out Daniel Jackson's quest for his wife, and eventually most of the System's Go Lords were killed by rival Lords, SG-1 or others. Towards Season 5, Stargate SG-1 was starting to get spoiled. With the new writers and the attentive attention of Producer Peter Deleuise, the show has become increasingly solid. <br /> <br /> The characters have become obsolete too. Colonel Jack O'Neill was the stereotyped hero with emotional baggage. After his son Charlie was killed in an accident with O'Neill's gun, he decided to end his own life by going to Abydos in order to face the Go'ould RA. The character offers little growth for any actor and actor. Richard Dean Anderson chose to interpret it directly, raising emotional barriers to protect himself. allowing only your close friends in. <br /> <br /> Amanda Tapping joined the cast as Captain Samantha Carter. She was a feminist on the edge, ready to fight any man who doubted her ability to do her job. Although this character has little area to grow, Tapping did a great job focusing on Carter's strengths. She took the time to get a basic understanding of some of the things that Carter talks about so she can introduce the character intelligently. <br /> <br /> Christopher Judge joined the cast as the alien Teal'c. Teal'c was an alien named Jaffa. The Infant Go'ould would be ingrained in Jaffa until they grew to the point where he would be inserted into another form of life. The Jaffa would die. Teal'c was the first prime of the army of Apophis. Knowing that Apophis was not a god like Go, he would pretend, he realized the genocide his armies had caused in the galaxy. Finally, having enough, he and Jack O'Neill released his team along with some innocent people. After arriving on Earth, he realized that Earth was the planet he was looking for, which would help him fight the Go'ould. Christopher Judge did a little with a limited character. Teal'c is a wise warrior, much of which he learned was from his master Master Bra'tac. The show would not be complete without Master Bra'tac, played by Tony Amandola. He is also a rock. In the end, he became advisor to most of SG-1, especially Daniel Jackson. <br /> <br /> Don S. Davil was there from the beginning, playing Major General George Hammand. Davis did an incredible job with Hammond, making him nice and normal. He does his job, has a wife, sons and daughters and grandchildren. You can actually say that it is the anchor of the base. I would simply die for this man. If not allowed by your superiors to provide troops to support teams out of the world. He will go alone. He does not leave anyone behind. <br /> <br /> I saved Dr. Daniel Jackson last, because this character, I believe, has grown more in the ten or eleven years he has been. When choosing Shanks, I do not think the producer has realized how strong Shanks would be and now, when people talk about Jackson, they do not talk about Spader, they talk about Shanks. In the early years, Jackson's character came out as a whiner. That's why I probably was not a fan. Like the stamped stations, the character became stronger. That gave him confidence. In the end, from the tenth season, Jackson's character has matured to the point of becoming a sacrificial hero. He still monitors the ethics of groups. He is still the leader in providing information that can carry any mission forward. Acheaology, History, Culture and Exploration are part of your own being. He is determined. Although a man of peace, he has matured to the point of using his weapons may be the only way to resolve a misunderstanding. Other characters include, most recently: Vala Mal Doran (Claudia Black) and Colonel Cameron Mitchell (Ben Browder), the new leader of SG-1. Both actors come from a series called Farscape and why they were put together is any kind of body. I see little difference between Mitchell and Crichton (Farscape character). The black character is simply off the wall. Definitely different from his soldier as the character Arin Soon.
