Wow, a lot of comments for the Devils Experiment are here. Wonderful. My name is Steve and I direct to Unearthed Films. We've just started releasing guinea pig movies on DVD to North America. Now before you ask why am I writing a comment? Instead, ask why some people kill you. I'm writing this review because I love guinea pig movies. Because I love em, it's because they go to the throat and they do not let go. I saw everything. Almost all the horror films known to man, Argento, Fulci, Bava, Buttgereit. from all underground cult sensations to all Hollywood blockbusters. I've seen it all and the movies that stayed in my head over the years were definitely the guinea pig movies. Because, why not try to hide the reason why we watch horror movies in 1st place. This review is for the demon experiment. I find this devoid of history that is fine by me. Why do I watch horror movies? Then I can see blood and blood and the torture of people. The Demon experiment does not just deliver, but it is all that it is. Pure unadulterated violence. Yes, I like a story, but sometimes I just want gore and Devils Experiment to be ten times. Why do people hit him? Because they like a story so that a person's torture and death may be hidden behind a story. This makes them feel better about themselves. We all want blood and blood. It is really very difficult to justify it if you are not involved in a story. Guinea pig movies have a historical significance to them and created a definite splash whenever they were released. <br /> <br /> I am very happy to be able to launch one of the most famous horror series in the world. . Maybe I should not have written this comment, but then again, maybe I should. My opinion is biased because they were released, but, again, it is not. I always told people to find them and watch them before starting Unearthed Films. Of course it is exploitative and exaggerated, but that is not why we watch horror movies in 1st place. The demon experiment is not for everyone. It is only for hunters of emotions and gorehounds. If you think Jason's movies and Freddy Krueger's films are great, then stick with them. But if you are on the next level and have seen it all, then the Demon Experiment is for you. There is a reason why they have not been released for more than 17 years. They are wrong, disgusting and crazy, not something to watch with their mother, unless it is totally legal. Good luck, enjoy and never stop living your life.
