I am a big fan of movies where people are cheated, and House of Games is almost at the height of the genre 'movies where people are cheated'. In short, it's an exceptional thriller that keeps you at the tip of your seat, providing interesting characters with many levels, and never really revealing what's happening, while playing in many twists and surprises to completely disrupt what you just saw. The film hires the public on many occasions and although we know it; it's still hard to guess where you're going, and every twist is a surprise. As I mentioned, I am a big fan of cons in the movies and the plot of this follows a psychiatrist who receives a patient with a huge debt to a fellow player. She then goes to the player in an attempt to help her patient, and on the way is drawn to the art of reading people in order to withdraw a blow. <br /> <br /> House of Games breathes a contemptible atmosphere everywhere, and David Mamet does well to establish the setting of the movie on the underground levels of the city. The film is well represented too, with everyone interested bringing life and credibility to their characters with the greatest skill. Joe Mantegna stars as a con man in the heart of the film, and although his performance is a little low, he's always solid and believable as the villain in the play. Lindsay Crouse stars next to him as the psychiatrist seduced by his work, and again is credible in his role. She may not be the best spectator, but at least she can act. The way the film performs the plot is the main star of the show, however, and you will undoubtedly be surprised on several occasions about how the film constantly manages to surprise and deceive the viewer. Sometimes it's almost like we're in the middle of the action and being cheated by the movie conmen. Another thing that is great about this movie is the way it shows the public how to pull out certain cons, which is useful if you are interested in earning twenty dollars, say. All in all, House of Games is a truly first rate thrill ride.
