David Mamet wrote the script and made his directorial debut with "House of Games," a character-filled study of psychological connotations, in which a psychiatrist is drawn to the dark world of the game of trust. Margaret Ford (Lindsay Crouse) has a successful practice and wrote a best-selling novel, 'Driven'. Still, she is a little displeased with her own personal life; there is a void that it can not define or solve, and this increases its vulnerability. When a patient, Billy Hahn (Steven Goldstein), confided to her during a session that he owes a lot of money to some players, and that they will kill him if he does not pay, she decides to intervene on his behalf. This brings her to "House of Games," a little dive where she meets Mike (Joe Mantegna), a charismatic man who does not waste time before luring her into his world. Instead of the twenty-five grand that Billy claimed he owed, Mike shows him his book, and that means eight hundred dollars. And Mike agrees to wipe the slate if she agrees to do him a simple favor, which involves a card game he's playing in the back room. In the middle of a big hand, Mike will leave the room for a few minutes; while he is away, her job is to stay tuned for the 'meeting' of one of the other players. By this time, not only Margaret, but the public is also addicted. The dialogue, and the unique style of Mamet and the precise cadence with which its actors deliver their speeches, is fascinating. As Mike takes Margaret through her convincing and surreal realm of existence, and introduces her to the intricacies of the cheating game, we are taken along with her. From that first memorable encounter, when he demonstrates what "telling" is and how it works, the lessons of the "short story", the stunning climax of this film, Mamet remains consistent with a relentless urgency. And nothing is what it seems. In the end, Margaret learns some difficult lessons about life and human nature and about herself. It changes; and if it is for the better is open to speculation. Mantegna is absolutely fascinating in this movie; he lends every possible nuance to a complex character who must be able to take him willingly into the shadows and do so. Crouse also turns into excellent performance here; you feel the tight, tight tumult stirring under that quiet, self-assured exterior, and when your experiences with Mike induce change in it, it makes you feel how deep it has penetrated. It makes you believe she is capable of what she does, and makes you understand that too. The supporting dynamic cast includes Mike Nussbaum (Joey), Lilia Skala (Dr. Littauer), J.T. Walsh (The Businessman), Ricky Jay (George) and William H. Macy (Sergeant Moran). `House of Games' is Mamet's quintet; He has written and directed a number of high-caliber pieces and films ever since, and will undoubtedly bestow on us more in the future. But this movie will define it; and you can go to the dictionary and search. You will find it in "Perfection". This is a great movie that you can not miss. I rate this a 10/10.
