This series is set one year after Abydos' mission in the movie Stargate. He explains many of the things the film forgot to mention. How, how the Stargate was activated without a human computer? Where did the Goa'uld (race of Ra) come from? How many are there? <br /> <br /> The first episode features Jack O'Neill (spelled with 2 Ls) removed from the call, called General Hammond by an attack from the Stargate of Apophis, a powerful Goa'uld who killed four men and kidnapped one woman. We met Samantha Carter, a brilliant scientist who claims she should have been through the Stargate for the first time and is determined to move on now. We discovered that Daniel married Abydos and that there are hundreds of Gate addresses that they can dial. Then Daniel's wife is captured by Apophis and becomes her new queen. It continues in the second episode in which General Hammond announces the formation of SGC, which includes nine teams, in which Jack's team will be SG-1, consisting of Jack, Samantha and Daniel. They go to Chulak, a home planet of the Goa'uld to rescue Daniel's wife and another captured in Abydos called Ska'ra. They are captured, and as Apophis gives the order to kill them and many other prisoners, a Jaffa named Teal'c, First-Priest of Apophis, saves them and goes to Earth with them, where he is part of SG- 1. <br /> <br /> That was just the beginning of the adventure. Throughout the show, they went to the past and the future, were transposed into alternate realities, changed bodies, aged, and met alien races that included a rebel Goa'uld alliance called Tok'ra, in which Samantha's father became a member, Asgard, a cute little race in which we see Thor more often (he's Jack's friend), and we've avoided the global disaster by the skin of his teeth countless times. <br /> <br /> The show was canceled recently but lasted ten seasons. In season nine, a new foe named Ori has been exhibiting new powers, new dangers and bringing to light new mysteries around the Stargate and its creators, the Ancients. Season nine and ten also featured the introduction of two new characters, Ben Browder as Cameron Mitchell, the new leader of SG-1 and Claudia Black as Vala MalDoran, a human-from-another-world woman who brings a new sense of fun to the team. <br /> <br /> Very well produced, interesting characters, fantastic special effects and a subtle love interest between Samantha and Jack, this one has it all. A different way to travel around the galaxy and different types of adventures, this is a show you do not want to miss. Unlock the gate and scroll. You will not regret!
