Jim Carrey is back to the role he played in The Mask, a timid guy who is trying to make progress in the world but who seems to be suffering from bad luck. Even when he tries to help a homeless person to be harassed by a bunch of thugs (and of course they have to be Mexican, obviously), his goodwill towards his partner backfires. In that case, it was not too difficult to predict that he was about to have a handful of angry bandits, but I like the movie to suggest that things like that should not be ignored. I remember the episode of Michael Moore's The Awful Truth when a man lay down on the sidewalk and pretended to be dead and see who would actually stop to make sure he was okay. The results were not very promising, so it's good to see someone in the movies setting a good example. <br /> <br /> Jim Carrey plays Bruce Nolan, the cool guy mentioned above, whose whole life seems to be falling. apart. Or better yet, he seems to be undoing himself as an asteroid coming into the atmosphere (a little metaphor that comes up when Bruce miraculously sees himself as gigantic news at the end of the movie). Bruce is almost 40 years old and all he has to show is a reporter position of the type that reports such exciting news as the local bakery that seeks to make the biggest cookie in the world. He is desperate to get an anchor job on TV but loses his cool on TV by hearing that the job was for his fellow rival. You have to love how they time the revelation of this news to him seconds before your first live report. Needless to say, he loses his temper on live TV in one of the funniest scenes in the entire movie. <br /> <br /> Morgan Freeman delivers a fantastic performance as Man himself, exhibiting a God whose infinite wisdom is somewhat reflected through Freeman's enormous talent as an actor. He is the kind of God who takes his work very seriously but in a way to advise his followers (as well as the viewers of this movie) that there are times when you need to slow down and do some manual work in life. I love his phrase that some of the happiest people in the world come home sniffing the high sky at the end of the day. There are many people in the world (perhaps more than our share in America) who are so absorbed by their money and their possessions and their jobs and all that they have completely lost contact with the natural side of themselves as human beings. <BR> One of the greatest strengths is that the film is able to provide great advice to the general public on how to improve their lives, and this message is clear and acceptable regardless of the religion of the viewer. I, for example, tend to reject organized religion in all forms and see God and Satan as metaphors for different aspects of nature and human psychology rather than actual figures who have lived or continue to live. But despite the fact that I do not believe that God exists as an entity overseeing the universe or as a janitor dressed all in white who cleans the floor of his office in the center of his spare time, I was able to appreciate the messages that were delivered. <br /> <br /> Jim Carrey's films show this fantastic evolution that unites them and makes the younger ones even better just because you can see how far they've come. If you compare Bruce Almighty to movies like Ace Ventura (both of which I loved, by the way) or much of what he did before entering the movie, it's amazing how far he is. He went from an extravagant TV comedy to comedic movies and comedies that are truly intelligent and meaningful like this movie, as well as others such as The Truman Show, Man on the Moon and The Majestic (easily one of his greatest films ever) . Jim Carrey has changed the tacky comedy of his past to become one of today's most important comedians. Jennifer Aniston also offers an excellent addition to the film (as she did in the movie). Space-splitting Office Space) as Bruce's girlfriend, who becomes increasingly exasperated with Bruce's growing stress on his life as well as his neglect to ask him to marry him. There is definitely a low eyebrow comedy in the film that does not really fit the significance of the film's meaning or the quality of delivery, like the dog reading the newspaper in the bathroom and the whole monkey scene but it was definitely very nice to see Spike , friend of Ace Ventura, make an appearance. As Stephen King knows very well, it's always good to see familiar characters. It's almost like seeing the family again. Bruce is endowed with the powers of God for a certain period of time so that he can understand life a little better, and he says much about himself when he uses the powers only for his own purposes, instead of helping all the people who pray to him. The thing I love about it is that, as I said before, religion is absent from my life, but I could observe this and learn a lot about myself also thinking about what kinds of things I would have done if endowed with such powers. The film allows us to learn indirectly in this way, which further strengthens the message. <br /> <br /> The scenes surrounding the news are easily funnier throughout the film, like the scene in which Bruce loses his temper. about the anchor position, the Jimmy Hoffa scene (which was conveniently buried with an original birth certificate and a full set of dental records), the scene where Bruce's fellow colleague is made to go crazy in front of the cameras and my favorites , those at the beginning and end involving the cuisine of the local bakery. The film has plenty of time for Carrey to make some excellent jokes, such as when he tells God (which reveals that he is the caretaker, the owner, the electrician, etc.) that his Christmas parties should be real parties and be careful. about drinking, because he may need a ride home! I also loved the ending when he says that behind every great man there is a woman rolling her eyes. A little too true, and as Gallagher would add, behind every great man is also a startled mother-in-law. <br /> <br /> Bruce Almighty is one of the most memorable comedies to have dated for a long time and is probably the only religious directly that I remember seeing that I am eager to buy on DVD to add to my personal collection. It's a comedy written and executed with good taste, but with relatively low humor to keep the kids entertained. This is a significant comedy for the whole family, which is becoming more and more rare these days. In a world that is about to be flogged with yet another American Pie movie and another horror movie (which are just scary because of its sheer barbaric idiocy), it's good to see that there are still people doing comedies that are worth watching. Do not miss this one.
