This is a good episode of The New Twilight Zone that includes interesting ideas and clever stories (I note both are based on short stories). The "Exam Day" is set in the future, unknown year, but at a point where they have light candles that lit up, huge "phones" that look like twice as many other entertainment machines and distributed only to those of a certain age . and Exam Day, a time when 12-year-olds must pass a government-required IQ test. The boy is this story, Dickie Jordan (David Mendenhall) is celebrating his own 12th birthday and is a smart kid, so he's calm, even eager to take the test he saw friends pass easily and knows he will stand out based on his school grades. His parents (Christopher Allport and Elizabeth Norment), on the other hand, say that he should not have used his birthday wish to get a good score, and as long as the reason includes that they believe he is capable and he should not worry, It is obvious that they are worried. I will not give anything in the end, but I will say this - there is a point where we have a glimpse of what is to come so far because the test is such a heavy subject: that night (or other?) Your parents Ask Dickie if he prefers to watch TV all night. By today's standards, we would be pleased that he would rather read and not just because there is nothing worth seeing ... but why would his family ask that? The taste of what is encouraged and discouraged in the future reminded me a little of the atmosphere of Harrison Bergenon (which I heard not having received a great adaptation to the screen). I just wish they could provide an opening and closing narration to make this theme as powerful as Obsolete. I thought it was better than the tale that was based. I did not read what was based on "A Message of Charity," but I'd like to be interesting - a 16-year-old boy, Peter (Robert Duncan McNeill) is suffering from the dirty water fever, which has always been commonplace in his hometown in Massachusetts ... but he is able to see through the eyes of a young puritan who suffers the same kind of fever, Charity Payne, (Kerry Noonann) who also finds himself able to experience what happens around him. Both recover, especially since it is common for this to happen in 1985, but the connection does not go away. Charity is curious about the images and sounds she recorded in 1985 and each of them enjoy each other's company, especially Peter, who promoted notes in school enough to always feel isolated from other students, even in the college where he was staying in a place. . Things take an unexpected turn, however, when Charity reveals some of these experiences to a friend who claims that the 13 colonies will leave England as a sign of witchcraft, in addition to the fact that she was spared from death by the fever in 1700). The two try to learn a way to save it. The ending is sad, but there is an interesting final moment that makes him play. Both segments of this episode include a lot of pain, but both times, through a lesson / warning that sounds like something that Rod Sterling would have invented and entertained, make a cheerful note as reminders that friendship, love, and wisdom do a lot. Probably 3/4 has no theme, but somehow I think everything would have been approved by the Sterling team.
