Given the title, this first follow-up to QUARTET (1948) obviously reduces the number of W. Somerset Maugham stories that make up the film. The author still appears to present the episodes, but there is no epilogue this time; By the way, while the original compendium script gave exclusive credit to R. Sherman, here Maugham himself also lent a hand in the adaptation, as did Noel Langley (although it is unclear whether they contributed a segment or worked in unison). As might be expected, much of QUARTET's crew was kept for the second installment - although this would also extend to at least three cast members, namely Naunton Wayne, Wilfrid Hyde-White and Felix Aylmer (the latter two had parties little in the episode of QUARTET entitled "The Lady of the Colonel"). While TRIO ultimately emerges to be a smaller achievement than its predecessor (slightly unbalanced by the third story, which takes up more than half the execution time), it is still done with the utmost care, acted with verve by a stellar cast and is solidly pleasant in the bargain. "The Verger" speaks of a church sacristan (James Hayter) - for whom the title of the story is another word - that is dismissed after 17 years of service by the new pastor (Michael Hordern) simply because he is illiterate. Instead of resting on his laurels, despite his age, he not only takes a wife (his owner, played by Kathleen Harrison), but opens a tobacconist's shop strategically placed on a long stretch of road where such service is not offered - and, with flourishing business, this is developed throughout a chain. The last scene then causes him to pay a visit to bank manager Felix Aylmer, who is not only surprised to learn of Hayter's lack of education, but is questioned about what his other interests are - to which the rich ( and respected) The tabacista replies, with some irony, that he had the vocation to be a verger! <br /> <br /> The second episode, "Mr. Know-All ", is the shortest but also the most engaging: a voyage at sea is totally besieged by the unbearable presence of a pompous young man (Nigel Patrick), British, despite his foreign name of Kelada, who professes to be an authority in practically every subject under the sun. Naunton Wayne and Wilfrid Hyde-White are the two passengers who have to put up with more - the latter because he shares a booth with the man and the first in view of Patrick's attentions to his beautiful wife (Anne Crawford). During a fancy party, however, the passengers decide to decree their "revenge" on Kelada for having one of them go by him (a joke he naturally does not appreciate); yet it is here that he tries to show a decent side of his character - told by Crawford that the necklace she is wearing is an imitation, Wayne challenges Patrick to quote his price ... but the latter immediately realizes that it is the genuine article and that would jeopardize Crawford's position if he meant to say, so Kelada allows herself to be ridiculed publicly rather than exposing the fact that the woman probably has a secret admirer! <br /> <br /> As can also be deduced from the title, "Sanatorium" deals with the myriad of patients at such a location - administered by Andre 'Morell; The protagonist is a new trainee, Roland Culver, who watches the various events gloomily. The narrative, in fact, especially highlights three separate plot lines-a humorous one (the "feud" between two elderly Scottish residents in the sanatorium, played by Finlay Currie and John Laurie), a melodramatic one (the erratic relationship between disgruntled patients) . Raymond Huntley and his long-suffering yet dedicated wife Betty Ann Davies) and a bittersweet (the romance between naive but charming Jean Simmons and Michael Rennie, who despite having virtually everything against him, including the fact that Morell had diagnosed Simmons as a lifer while Rennie is only a few years old, takes the couple to the altar).
