Made after QUARTET, TRIO continued the quality of the early cinematic versions of Maugham's short stories. Here the three stories are THE VERGER, MR. KNOW-IT-ALL and SANITORIUM. The first two are comical (THE VERGER is like an extended joke, but one with a good return), and the latter more serious (how health issues are involved). Again, the author presents the film and the stories. James Hayter, soon to have his role as Samuel Pickwick, is the hero of VERGER. He keeps this little custody job in a church, but the new vicar (Michael Hordern) is an intellectual snob. When he hears that Hayter has no education, he dismisses him. Hayter saved some money, so he tells his wife (Kathleen Harrison) that he likes to buy a small cigarette shop and news. He has a good eye and his shop thrives. Soon he has an entire chain of stores. When his grandson is baptized by Hordern, this one is surprised to see how prosperous his ex-Verger. The reward is when bank manager Felix Aylmer meets with Hayter about diversifying his investments. I'll let you hear the unintended but ironic coding of the meeting. <br /> <br /> According to Maugham he met a man like Max Kelada (Nigel Patrick) on a cruise. In MR. KNOW-IT-ALL Kelada is a flamboyant, friendly and light-heartedly arrogant type of Middle Eastern who is on a business trip (on jewelry) by steamship. His roommate is Mr. Gray (the always quiet and correct Wilfred Hyde-White) who somehow silently disapproves Max. Max likes to cheer up and is soon heavily involved in the ship's entertainment. At this point the story really resembles the plot part of the story and the non-Maugham film CHINA SEAS (1935) when Max makes a bet that he can tell a true piece of a fake jewelry (after insisting that a piece he's real). I will not describe how Max gets on occasion. <br /> <br /> SANITORIUM is the longest segment. Roland Culver plays "Ashenden" (the fictional alter ego of Maugham - a writer and time spy, as in Hitchcock's Secret Agent). Here he has to use a toilet for a few months for his health. He meets a remarkable team of people including Jean Simmons as a frail but beautiful young woman, Finlay Currie as an irascible Scotsman, John Laurie as an irascible Scottish second who is "at war" with Currie, Raymond Huntley as a quiet patient who only shows his internal anger at his situation when his wife appears, and Michael Rennie as a young man who has a serious life-threatening illness. Culver watches three stories between these characters. The latter, dealing with Simmons and Rennie, is ironic but deeply moving. <br /> <br /> It was a dandy follow-up for the previous QUARTET, and it's worth watching.
