This review contains spoilers for those who are not aware of the details of the actual story on which this movie is based. <br /> <br /> The right to be presumed "Innocent until proven guilty" is a basic right of anyone in a civilized society; but according to Fred Schepisi's but unfortunately convincing partisan history of a famous Australian murder trial, she was not given to Lindy Chamberlain, accused of killing her baby. The story suggesting her innocence was unlikely (a dingo supposed to have taken her), but those who implied her guilt even more, and there was no solid evidence against her. But the Australian public was paralyzed by the possibility of their guilt, and the deeply religious Chamberlains seemed frightened when they appeared in the media (and the media themselves, of course, were anything but innocent in this process). Thus, although cleared by an initial investigation, they were subsequently prosecuted and convicted. Although Chamberlain was released, this shamefully only accompanied the discovery of new evidence "proving" his innocence, something that no accused should have to produce. "A Scream in the Dark" is well practiced, especially by Meryl Streep, who puts a convincing Australian accent (at least for Pom's ears) and manages to keep Lindy nice (for us) while still broadcasting how she managed to become a national figure of hatred. The scenes in which she is actually imprisoned are simple but moving, because we believe in the characters as real. Regardless of the exactness of your picture of this story (something I can not comment on), the broader theme of this film will sound terribly true to anyone with a passing knowledge of the British popular press and its relentless habit of appeal directly to the less charitable instincts of their readers. No legal system will ever be perfect; but the current cry against asylum seekers in contemporary British tabloids comes from exactly the same pit of evil as the voices that pushed Lindy Chamberlain away. I'm not a religious man, but the Bible still contains some killer lines (if you'll excuse the pun). "Judge not to be judged" is one of them.
