I found it hard to like someone in this movie. The central characters, Lindy and Michael Chamberlain, whose daughter disappears during a night out in the Australian outback, are not bad people, but certainly not all, or even most of the people we see throughout this movie would be bad if we knew them better. But although we are so sure that the film wants us to be guilty or innocent of the Chamberlains from the beginning of the tragic disorder of its life, the film assumes a more or less sociological perspective related to gossip, news, crowds, multitudes. and assumptions. It's not a film about Australia's degenerate society in particular; it's just an account of a true story that happened there. Mass society is much less evolved than the individual feels secure that we are. <br /> <br /> When a director insists on killing all the dogs of an Aboriginal because of the unverified action of a single wild dog, Life spins even more out of control due to most magazines, newspapers and programs TV distorts the tragic truth to a level of drama that causes its consumers in a frenzy, there is no sign of empathy or even any kind of look outside of a self-conscious unconscious perceptions, left and right influenced by the vigorous rumor and vibrations of those that surround one's life. The reason I appreciate the film is because it turns the focus from the inside out, from the victims to the masses. <br /> <br /> Evidence against Lindy Chamberlain aside, suspicion was fueled mainly by a virtue of it. In the eyes of the public, she did not seem sufficiently disturbed by the death of her little girl. Why was she able to keep her cold, even a kind of indifference, let alone hold her head up, to the TV and the press? How much of the downward spiral could have been avoided if it had behaved more to the public's taste in the media? Meryl Streep, one of the greatest actresses, if not the present one, may not present a performance that stands out particularly, and frankly, does not do any other actor or department of film production. But she and the writers understand Lindy. What is infuriating is that it is not so difficult. Apparently she was not naturally prone to show emotion in public in any case. Whether or not it is accessible as a loving character in the immediate sense, we are naturally inclined to sympathize with her situation. <br /> <br /> Whether or not her performance is as rewarding as Sophie's, The Devil Wears Prada, Angels In America, or other similar work, is a triumph. It's hard to win an audience when you deliberately deny them insights about yourself. It frustrates us because we do not know what she is thinking or feeling. It took me a little while to feel attracted to her, but this is the way the film suggests the reaction of public attention. <br /> <br /> She is married to a pastor, and both practice a religion that is in a small minority and therefore misinterpreted by the majority. Initially they react to their loss as if they were reconciling with God's will, initiating a rumor that generated the notion that their daughter's death was some kind of killing ritual on their part. Whatever happened to the little girl, her parents were part of a margin with which most of the media did not identify immediately, so the first inclination was to go after them like a pack of hunger ... well ... < Meryl Streep and Sam Neill are constantly on the screen, but the Australian audience plays the real leads here. As the score for each plot advancement, director Fred Schepisi cuts restaurant from the tennis court to dinner, from salon to office, where audiences try on Lindy and get carried away by his own passionate projections. <br /> <br /> This Golan-Globus docudrama is not particularly memorable. The atmosphere of the scene does not give a sufficiently satisfying compensation for the fact that no performance or facet of production stands out. But it is very successful as an accusation of the public conscious public.
