In August 1980, the disappearance of the baby Azaria Chamberlain and the trial of her parents, Lindy and Michael, for the alleged murder of the child caused a stir in what at that time was a very angry nation. The media and the public had already tried and convicted the accused couple and were begging for blood. What followed was a grave error of justice. Michael and Lindy Chamberlain claimed that while they camped near Ayers Rock in central Australia, a dingo took their ten-week-old daughter from her tent as they prepared to eat in the barbeque area. Nobody believed them. Lindy was charged with the murder of her baby and Michael as an accessory after the fact. The whole country was agitated with whispers of a murder ritual. The Chamberlain trial ended before it began. <br /> <br /> Lindy never proved her innocence, so she was found guilty. There was never enough evidence to convict her, but the jury was influenced by pressure from the public and the media. How can we, as a nation, sit in judgment? Where are we from, how could we presume to know? Unless there was absolute proof, and no reasonable doubt, the Chamberlains should have been acquitted. <br /> <br /> Fred Schepisi's film unequivocally and wholeheartedly supports the argument of John Bryson's novel, that the Chamberlains were completely innocent. accusations against them. That actually a dingo took baby Azaria on that fateful night in Ayers Rock. Schepisi brilliantly captured the mood of a bloodthirsty nation, hellishly committed to 'truth' being brought to light. It shows Australia in a rather inappropriate light as a people who were totally obsessed at seeing the Chamberlain pay! His script, co-written with Robert Caswell, vigorously stirs the emotions and will surely find the public saddened and irritated by the parody of justice that has occurred. <br /> <br /> The excellent Meryl Streep gives an incredible performance as the woman accused of the most terrible of deeds. It brings to life more convincingly the tough little Australian who was ready to face the claims and set the world straight. Even her accent is almost, but not entirely visible. A very good effort from the master of that craft. Sam Neill is as good as Streep as the first faithful but later disillusioned Michael, who can not understand why his world is crumbling, and he begins to question his Christianity. His, like Streep's, is a display of great emotional force that will move you deeply. The entire supporting cast is also excellent, with some of Australia's top actors and actresses participating. <br /> <br /> Technically, the film is brilliant too, with Director of Photography Ian Baker capturing this great land with splendor (especially the Rock). Editor Jill Bilcock keeps the whole film tense and emotionally charged, while Bruce Smeaton provides a revealing punctuation. <br /> <br /> For all Australians, this is a must see, a shocking look in the mirror if you want. we, as a country, made a family that only wanted justice served and the truth known. As Michael Chamberlain said, "I do not think anyone really understands what innocence means ... to innocent people." <br /> <br /> Saturday, May 20, 1995 - Video <br /> Even in feedback, Fred Schepisi's account of the farce of justice that struck the Chamberlains, who lost the baby Azaria in 1980, is still emotionally powerful and honestly moving. Schepisi and Robert Caswell have skillfully transferred John Bryson's novel to the screen, relying simply on the gruesome story of a terribly wrong vacation for Michael and Lindy Chamberlain whose newborn daughter, Azaria , was taken to the family tent for a few moments after being knocked over. In the midst of media speculation and the vicious public rumor, Lindy was accused of her baby's murder, and Michael was accused as an accessory after the fact. What ensued was little more than a media trial, and with the Australian people ordered her to be removed, Lindy was found guilty and sentenced to life imprisonment with hard labor, even if the accusation could not present any reason other than circumstantial evidence. Meryl Streep is at her best as the accused woman facing Australia to prove her innocence. She's really amazing, and the only thing that fails her is a real Australian accent, although she does her best to sound like an idiot. You may wonder why a prominent Australian actress was not chosen for the role, but the power of the stars is probably the answer. Beside Meryl is an equally impressive Sam Neill, standing out as the husband who sees his world crumble before his eyes, as he feels powerless to do something about it. A strong Australian cast lends convincing support. The Jill Bilcock edition is very timely, rock cinematography and other bumpy locations by Ian Baker is visually brilliant and Bruce Smeaton's music is perfect for the role. Truly mandatory for all Australians aware. <br /> <br /> Sunday, June 15, 1996 - Video
