Next Spoilers: I got the book "Evil Angels" when it first came out without knowing anything of the case. Just to give the press and the Austrian people a chance, I was already a long way away before I started questioning Chamberlain's guilt. The author obviously intended the reader to understand why the audience came to the conclusions they made. John Bryson told the story just when he was presented to the jury (and caught up in the press) of the arterial spray, the actelone plates, the certainty of Dr. James Cameron that the necklace was cut with scissors, that a baby could not be taken whole of his clothes with the buttons still made, with the bloody hand print, etc., all quite convincingly. After all, these were experts in their fields who witnessed for no apparent reason to lie, and the fact that the evidence was completely wrong was not at all apparent to me. It was also a highly technical evidence, difficult for a layman to understand. At this point, in addition to some testimony of rumors in the trials, hardly anyone had heard of a dingo attacking a human; people did not believe this was possible. The public distrusted Seventh-day Adventists, whose origins made them seem like a cult, and all sorts of wild beliefs about them contributed to the guilty appearance. If it were not for dedicated and altruistic lawyers who worked relentlessly to investigate and contest the testimony of the trial, finding Azaria's clothes later would not have been enough to get Lindy out of jail. The book shook me for that, and I have been reluctant to come to a conclusion about someone's guilt ever since (except OJ, of course). I was thrilled that a movie would be made about the case and did not think it could have been done better. I always liked Sam, with whom I could identify completely, and Meryl was as perfect as ever. Beautiful photography, haunting music. I think it's not just a very good movie, but very important. Too bad he did not get more publicity at the time it was released.
