I've seen this movie several times and watched today (at TCM) just because of Geraldine Fitzgerald. She is a very underrated actress and I have to admit that I have a crush on her since I first saw her (probably in "Wuthering Heights" 40 or more years ago). The real star in this film, however, is Paul Lukas, and he deserved all the praise he received. It makes it clear, whether we like it or not, that the end justifies the means. Nazism had to be stopped, and anything that would help would be good. He gave his kids a line about being bad, and that they should not be bad, but as he said earlier when talking to adults, he would do that sort of thing again without hesitation. Lukas gave a fine portrait of a man trapped in this situation, and made it clear that what he did was a very difficult thing to do. Some people think his victim was a Nazi, but I do not think so - I think he was just after the money. His Nazi associates knew this and that is why they did not have much use for him. <br /> <br /> An interesting point in the film, and presumably also in the play, is the fact that Muller (Lucas) is a German. Although the anti-German hysteria of World War I did not recur in World War II, there was considerable anti-German sentiment and some Germans were buried, similar to what happened in California with people of Japanese descent. It was an act of bravery for Hellman to write a play about good Germans at the moment (perhaps she thought they were the ones who signed the Nazi-Soviet pact!). After all, the US and British air forces bombarded German cities and had no scruples about killing innocent civilians. I think, however, that the Dresden bombing and the fire storm came later, after "Watch on the Rhine" was released. <br /> <br /> The title is a play on words, since the "clock" is looking to the west of Germany. In fact, Watch am Rhein was a German army marching song - used in World War II, but the Nazis had their own marching music that was also used. But Muller is German and is involved in his own "Wach am Rhein". <br /> <br /> All the other actors did an excellent job here; although Bodo was too much, there are children like him. It surprises me that he has not revealed his father's secret. In real life, he may well have done it.
