The creation of The Thief Of Bagdad is a story in itself, almost as wonderful as the story told in this film. Alexander Korda almost went bankrupt doing this movie. According to the Citadel Film Book series on The Great British Films, the UK's adopted son Alexander Korda conceived this film as early as 1933 and spent years of planning and preparation. But World War II unfortunately reached Korda and the rising expenses of filming a great spectacle. <br /> <br /> Budget costs also happen in American films, only Cecil B. DeMille always had freedom at Paramount after 1932, when he returned there. But DeMille and his American contemporaries did not worry about enemy bombs while filming the movie. Part of the way through filming, Korda transported the entire company to America and filmed these sequences with Rex Ingram as the genius in our Grand Canyon. He certainly would not get such a scenario in the UK. Korda also finished the Hollywood interiors, all in time for a 1940 Christmas Day release. The show's performance earned The Thief of Bagdad four Academy Award nominations and three Oscars for best color photography , better art and set the direction for a color film and the best special effects. Only the original soundtrack of Miklos Rosza did not take home an award in a nominated category. Korda must have been very happy to decide to shoot the Grand Canyon because it is impossible to take bad color pictures of that place. <br /> <br /> Special effects, however, do not overwhelm the simple story of a good triumph over evil. The good are the two young lovers John Justin and June Duprez and the evil is Conrad Veidt as the sorcerer who tries to steal a kingdom and a heart, both belonging to Duprez. This was the career role of Veidt to Casablanca, where he played the Stroesser major of the Luftwaffe. <br /> <br /> Of course the good gets help from an unlikely source. The boy beggar and thief Sabu, who may well have been one of the few who could call themselves an international movie star. Literally coming out of poverty working as a stable elephant for the Maharaja of Mysore, he was seen by Alexander Korda, who needed a native leadership for one of his characteristics in the jungle. Sabu captures all the innocence and malice of youth while fulfilling the fantasy of the Arab Nights of the boy who overthrows a tyrant. It is not a bad message to be sent in 1940. <br /> <br /> The Baghdad thief stands remarkably well today. It is an eternal tale of love, romance and adventure in any order you want to put.
