This was usually the advice of producer Alexander Korda on the set of many of his subordinates; the film is credited with three directors but actually Alex, Zoltan Korda and William Cameron Menzies helped by pushing him to six. For John Kobal's 1987 book, "The Top 100 Movies," his research of 81 film critics saw The Thief of Bagdad reach 55th. A closer look reveals only Jose Luis Guarner, John Russell Taylor and Kobal himself voted in the photo, but their high scores were enough to get close to half the way. The outbreak of World War II saw the production of the film change around England and America, eventually being completed in 1940 and winning three technical Oscars. Like Citizen Kane, it is in some ways perhaps a movie that you can admire instead of loving. <br /> <br /> Special effects, striking for the time, are still reasonable, and really hold if you squint. But it is not so much its effectiveness as the audacity of inventions. Among them is a fun horse, built from a kit model, which, when a key is inserted at the rear end, begins to fly. There is also a killer toy of the six-armed Kali Goddess (perhaps a single woman with two women sitting behind her) and a horrible looking giant spider. It also impresses the climax with his wonderful flying carpet. But the most memorable has to be Rex Ingram appearing as, in a superb moment of cinematic presumption, a djinn (genius) of almost a thousand feet high! Ingram portrays genius as a threatening creature and adds an element of danger to the process. And look at the moment he is fooled back into his bottle! <br /> <br /> John Justin does as well as the Arab king who, for some strange reason, has an English accent and a stiff upper lip. Sabu, the surprisingly muscular 15-year-old, is almost a namesake of Abu, a thief quite convinced. After they cross with the evil Jaffer (Conrad Veidt), Justin sees himself blind and Abu is turned into a dog. When it seems that the rest of the film will be counted in flashback from the perspective of the blind Ahmed (Justin), we find that in the middle of the movie we reach the present and the adventure continues. In fact, the second half is in some ways the best, being full of bigger incidents and more fantastic nature. <br /> <br /> Three little songs spice up the play, though the movie lasts for 100 minutes, seems softer. flavoring instead of a real ingredient; I would not call it a musical. It's all so much fun; Justin and June Duprez are the loving interest of mothers and fathers, Veidt is the villain of vanity and Abu is the young and irrepressible thief. It may take a while to get into the somewhat old-fashioned mentality and into the exaggerated melodrama of the English movies of the 1940s, but once you've watched the first half-hour or so, this movie really draws you. Quite commendable.
