The story of "The Baghdad Thief" is complex, due to being counted in flashbacks and having three separate and equally important intertwined wires. The script of Lajo Biros and the dialogue of Miles Malleson keep the story moving with skill in all points. Young King Ahmad of Baghdad is angry with his vizier Jaffar for running a man for having different ideas. He discovers, albeit in disguise, that people blame him for Jaffar's deeds and hate him. He is arrested by Jaffar, where he meets Abu the young thief. The two escape and take a boat to the city of Basra. There the comrades spy when the men clear their way so that no one sees the city princess passing by. Ahmad falls in love with her and visits her in her garden. He tells her that he came to her from beyond time and gets a kiss. Then he is captured. When Jaffar comes to win the Princess of Basra for himself, Ahmad attacks the evil vizier who blinds him and turns Abu into a dog. Jaffar then asks for the princess's hand and gives the gift of a flying machine horse to the Sultan of Basra. The blind Ahmad tells his story on the market, accompanied by Abu as his dog. The prince fell asleep and nothing can wake her. Then Jaffar sends his servant Halima to Ahmad and the dog, hoping that the prince can awaken it. He wakes her up. She embarks on a ship to find a doctor to heal Ahmad, but she is captured by Jaffar, who then throws the dog overboard. She then allows Jaffar to take her in his arms, in his promise to restore Ahmad's vision and turn Abu back into a thief. The princess sees a vision of Ahmad; he is on a boat; Jaffar sends a storm to assault him and Abu is shipwrecked on a deserted island. Abu finds a genius or djinn who wants to kill him now that he is free after many centuries past trapped in a bottle. Abu tricks him to prove that he actually came from such a small ship then covers it again. To free him, he receives three wishes. Your first is for sausages. Meanwhile, the princess asks her father to refuse Jaffar; but Jaffar shows the sultan a new mechanical toy, in which one of the six arms stabs him to death. Abu makes a second wish, to find Ahmad. The wily genie flies to the goddess of the all-seeing eye. Abu has to climb a large web to reach the gem that is the eye, fighting a giant spider, then climbing the statue of the goddess. Abu looks at the 'eye' and sees Ahmad in a canyon. He has the genius to take him to Ahmad. Ahmad uses his eye to see the princess. She smells a flower and forgets all at once. Abu wanted to be in Baghdad, but the genius laughs and leaves; Jaffar tells the princess that she is in love with him, omitting the mention of Ahmad. Ahmad tries to make way for the princess, but Jaffar crushes the "eye". Abu is in the "Land of Legend," where the elders who rule want to make him their king. He steals a bow and a magic carpet and instead flees to save Ahmad and the princess. The thief arrives in time to save the young king of the executioner, using his bow from the flying carpet, to the wonder of the crowd that came to watch the execution. Jaffar tries to escape on the flying mechanical horse, but another shot from the bow ends. Ahmad is ruler again and plans to marry his princess; but when he tries to make Abu his vizier, the young thief refuses, saying that what he wants is adventure, not hard work and confinement in a palace, however great it may be. This fantastic story was given a sumptuous production by producer Alexander Korda. The production was designed by Vincent Korda, who was also art director, while Georges Perinal made the colorful cinematography. The credited directors are Ludwig Berger and Michael Powell, with participation of Tim Whelan, Alexander Korda, William Cameron Menzies and Zoltan Korda. The extraordinary and numerous designs of costumes were the work of John Armstrong, Oliver Messel and Marcel Vertes. The production, in addition to its beautiful and expensive visual splendors, I claim to be dominated by two other elements, the choral music of Miklos Rozsa and the performance of Conrad Veidt as the evil Jaffar. Rex Ingram plays the genius with a curious accent, in addition to his usual intelligence and power. June Duprez is adorable and effective, since Princess Mary Morris is a sad and beautiful Halima, and Miles Malleson, a clumsy and miserly sultan. Like Ahmad, John Justin seems to do most of what can be done with the part of a young prince in love and then a little; he is memorably good in his victorious role. This film has a space on it that is found, I say, in other Korda works as well. Its imaginative content contrasts with realistic sets, costumes and very strong set pieces. This is one of the most memorable fan-level fantasies of all time, worthy of being enjoyed over and over again.
