-The film tells the story of a prince whose life is wonderful, but after an evil wizard tells him to go to the city disguised as a beggar, the wizard locks the prince and soon becomes the shadow ruler of Baghdad. the imprisoned prince finds a thief named Abu who helps him escape from prison and a town called Basra, where he meets a princess for whom he falls madly in love but without his knowledge the evil wizard Jafa is also in love with the princess and tries convince his father to allow him to marry her. Jafa soon discovers that the prince is trying to win the hearts of the girls, so he leaves him blind and turns Abu into a dog. This brings Prince and Abu to an adventure to find a way to defeat Jafa, restore peace in Baghdad and marry the princess. during their journey, they find everything from sarcastic geniuses who take Abu in a flight through the clouds, a giant spider who is really hungry and a flying horse that probably gives birth to one of the most beautiful sequences that my old eyes have ever seen. <br /> <br /> This is a pure fantasy movie from start to finish, it has flying horses, geniuses, flying rugs and wizards who can actually do magic instead of just hitting people with their crews. There is no playful moment and the love story is not a waste of time. The production drawings are impressive in this film. From the palaces to the different dangerous traps that the heroes encounter. Even though this film is over 40 years old, the production design is far better than most of the crap that is tackled in today's cinema. The music and the songs are also well done. Anyone who sees him will no doubt say, "I want to be a sailor sailing the seas" as one of the great musical moments of cinema. I'm not usually a big fan of singing in movies, as I find them as enjoyable as making my taxes, but I'll be more than happy to make an exception for this movie. "What sells the movie for me is the simple fact that you see things you do not see in everyday life, which is also the very reason why I love things like" Two Towers "and" Silent Hill". Long before the modern fancy movie of today came along with its realistic CGI to blow our minds there was this movie that blew your mind without having green screen scattered all over the place. One of my favorite photos in "Duas Torres" is the one in which we see the trolls opening the Black Gates, the main attraction of this shot for me was to see these great fantasy beings doing what is essentially manual work, and this is what I love about the Genie and other creatures in the movie. They are there just trying to earn a living like everyone else, which gives them a real feel even if they are all just fantasy beings. <br /> <br /> It's literally impossible to watch this movie and not realize where the creators of "Aladdin" were inspired. The characters in this film are pretty much the same characters from the movie from the Genie speaker to the flying carpet. It's not a bad thing in my eyes, since it's good to know that I'm not the only one on the planet who has a deep love in love with this incredible movie. I first saw this as a child at home and thought it was the best thing in the world and by watching it again last week I still think it's amazing. This is a true testimony that a great movie can stand the test of time. Of course, the effects seem a bit outdated and cheesy, but it was made back in the 40's to take a break. Not everything seems outdated, since most things can still stand today, when analyzed under today's standards. <br /> <br /> -If you wanted to see a live action version of "Aladdin," then you should get your Desire out of it, but the angry cynical side will probably do well to avoid this, since it will not be the his cup of tea.
