An extremely beautiful film, one of the few I saw as a youngster fascinated me and still does, in the case of Thief, the impression seems to improve with the passage of time. In the 90's, my daughter and I had seen many times on TV but still went to the pictures when it comes to the local art cinema? When it was over, we came out wide-eyed, with heads full of poetry and the bustling music of Miklos Rozsa, wishing it could last a few more hours and thinking what a beautiful world it was again. <br /> <br /> An idealistic prince. Ahmad wants to make the people stay for a while checking things out, but the evil vizier Jaffar seizes the opportunity to arrest him and take the throne. After escaping with a small thief played by Sabu, Ahmad sees a princess and they fall in love with it? Along the way, they have many adventures (though apparently not enough for Sabu!) And Love not only conquers, but annihilates everything. The special effects must have been mesmerizing in 1940, but has time taken its toll and diminished its impact, especially since digital animation has even taken action live? but they still hold up well compared to Superman movies like 40 years later. Anyway, if I am asked to suspend disbelief in gigantic geniuses, flying horses and carpets, I also disbelieve disbelief at perfect special effects! Favorite bits: the dreamy scene in the sunlit garden when Ahmad reveals himself and Adelaide Hall's adequately romantic song; the awesome colors in the tent in the land of legend? in fact, the stunning colors everywhere; The triumphant but still melancholic ending of Sabu and Rozsa. Conrad Veidt portrayed the villain in two of the most incredible movie novels of all time, this is Casablanca, and then died. John Justin and June Duprez were great in the main roles of the lovers, both slightly and pleasantly blistered, but the parties did not ask for a huge range of emotions: only pure love mattered. <br /> <br /> A couple of slightly violent images, but make sure this is a glorious and enjoyable experience with a 100% positive message, it's just a pity that toddlers today do not watch this instead of the porn they prefer. One of my 10 movie favorites, I can not recommend this too much? can be shown until the end of time.
