Watch On The Rhine began as a Broadway play by Lillian Hellman who wrote the film and saw it appear on Broadway at a time when the Soviet Union was still tied to Nazi Germany by the infamous pact of non-aggression signed in August 1939. Because Hellman was just echoing the Communist Party line, the line did not change until a few months later. Lillian was actually months ahead of her time with this job. The play Watch On The Rhine ran from April 1941 to February 1942 for 378 performances and five players came from Broadway to repeat their roles as Frank Wilson. the butler, Eric Roberts as the youngest son, Lucile Watson as the matriarch of the family and, most importantly, the villain George Coulouris and Paul Lukas. Lukas took a hat-trick in 1943, winning an Oscar, a Golden Globe, and the New York Film Critics for Best Actor. Probably, if the Tony Awards existed, he too would have won. The Oscar is even more remarkable when you consider who he was facing, Humphrey Bogart for Casablanca, Gary Cooper on Who Bells Turn, Mickey Rooney on The Human Comedy, and Walter Pidgeon for Madame Curie. Each of his competitors was a bigger box office name than him. Lukas's appointment is usually the kind that the Academy gives to complete a field. Jack Warner knew that's why Mady Christians did not repeat his part on Broadway and the role of Lukas's wife was given to Bette Davis. Davis accepted the role not because it was a particularly flamboyant role for her, but because she believed in the image and just wanted to be associated with it. It's the same reason she did The man who came to dinner, a much lighter piece than this. <br /> <br /> Davis is the daughter of a late American Supreme Court judge who married a German citizen in Weimar's day. . After many years of homelessness on the European continent, Davis Lukas and his three children come to America, which has not yet entered the European war. They are welcomed by Lucile Watson, who is naturally excited to finally find her grandchildren. The fly in this ointment are a few other guests from the house, a friend of Davis from other days, Geraldine Fitzgerald and her husband, who is also from Europe, a Romanian diplomat and aristocrat George Coulouris. Coulouris is a spendthrift and a spender and he has an opportunity to deal doubly when he suspects Lukas's anti-fascist past. <br /> <br /> Their suspicions are quite correct, it is the reason the family has been the homeless that have become. Lukas fought in Spain from the Republican side and was injured there. Your health has not been the same since. His family faithfully supports him in whatever decision he makes. These decisions affect all other cast members. Adding a bit more to the Broadway play, including some lovely fascist creatures, was Dashiell Hammett, who was another important person from Lillian Hellman. Coulouris playing cards at the German embassy was a creation of Hammett with repulsive types like Henry Daniell, Kurt Katch, Clyde Fillmore, Erwin Kalser and Rudolph Anders. <br /> <br /> Coulouris is truly one of the most despicable characters ever brought. to screen as the countless runmanian count. He was a metaphor for his own country that enthusiastically embraced the Nazis and then repudiated them equally without losing a step after Stalingrad. Lucile Watson was nominated for Best Supporting Actress in 1943, but lost to Katina Paxinou. in For whose bells do they fold. Dashiell Hammett was nominated for Best Adapted Screenplay and the same film lost to Best Film for that other anti-fascist classic, Casablanca. <br /> <br /> Although it is an item firmly planted in those specific times, the Watch On The Rhine still carries a severe antifascist message that is worth repeating infinitely.
