I managed to catch a late night feature film the night before of "Before Sunrise" (1995) and "Before Sunset" (2004), and saw the two films in a row without really getting the chance to catch their breath in the middle or reflect about the meaning of each film separately. After sleeping, I must say that I prefer the former over the latter, and I will explain why. Before Sunrise introduces the then young actors, Ethan Hawke (Reality Bites, Dead Poets) Society, only 25 at the time of the release of the film; and Julie Delpy (the Three Colors trilogy), then 26 (although it looks much younger). He is a promiscuous American writer, touring Europe after breaking up with his girlfriend; She is a young French student, on the way home to Paris. They meet on the Budapest-Vienna train and spontaneously decide to leave the train together. The two deeply spiritual and intellectual individuals spend a whole night together traveling the beautiful streets of Vienna, exchanging ideas and thoughts and gradually falling in love. <br /> <br /> The movie had the 1990s written everywhere: at that time technology was jumping fast, the new millennium with all its hopes and dreams was waiting just around the corner, and young adults like the portrayed in the film were full of love of life and passion for the future. The characters of Jesse (Hawke) and Celine (Delpy), with all their flaws and inconsistencies (Celine's accent, whether by mistake or on purpose, was half American half French, and wavered from one specter to the other, breaking the credibility), were a mirror of time. Watching the naive couple swallow life with so much meaning and excitement, acting stereotypically and romantically, but getting the audience to fall in love with them, is what really made this movie work for me. The fact that the director does not let you know if their relationship continues after the movie or does not make it all worthwhile. <br /> <br /> In all, Sunrise is a dreamy stroll through the city's urban landscapes. Vienna, a well-known classic romantic encounter, and a film I will certainly return for more information sometime in the future.
