After a casual meeting on the train, a young couple spend a single night strolling the streets of Vienna, discussing life and love. The main reason to see "Before Sunrise" is to watch a young Julie Delpy deliver her speeches. Like "Celine," this sexy, intelligent, soul-filled blond with brown eyes is a kind of cross between Brigitte Bardot and Joni Mitchell as they were in their twenties. Risking the exaggeration, Celine is practically the ideal woman, extraordinarily beautiful and very feminine, being natural, unpretentious, introspective and selflessly loving. We can easily forgive that she is a bit eccentric and speaks a blue streak, for her sincere and intelligent observations are occasionally penetrating. In addition, her varied expressions are nothing less than catchy and she speaks English with a French accent that is very captivating. <br /> <br /> If there is a fly in the ointment of this good movie, it would have to be your sloppy, unkempt cost. Ethan Hawke as "Jessie" comes off as a vaguely loosely appealing, sort of Maynard G. Krebs of the nineties. Trying to appear detached and indifferent, he kind of crawls through certain scenes. His pants fit snugly, his T-shirt is coming off, his wavy dark hair (his most attractive feature) needs a good wash, and someone really should have shown him how to properly trim his young goatee. However, he supposedly represents a non-washed youth on a two-week train journey across Europe, so the look he cultivated is probably quite genuine. His cynical observations and ironic sense of humor seem to impress Celine, though occasionally disturbed by the extent of his alienation. When he finally admits to her that he is completely sick of himself and likes to be near her because he feels like a different person in his presence, we know that he is getting somewhere. <br /> <br /> After blowing up their collective bottoms in a series of cafes, bars and silly distractions, they agree that by never seeing each other again, they should make the most of it. Jesse takes a bottle of red wine from a sentimental bartender so he and his newfound self can head to a local park in the middle of the night to lie down on the grass, looking at the moon and stars and watching the sun rise above. Given her boundless fate in the romance department, it's especially annoying when Jessie, like the very definition of a naive idiot, foolishly lets this wonderful young girl slip from her grasp. He is content with a half-cooked plan, quickly invented at the train station when he asks her goodbye, to meet at the same place in half a year. When the scheduled time comes, you'll just know that this gorgeous, unusual girl will be involved with another, maybe even married and pregnant. For whatever reason, she will probably not show up, while Jesse, who ends up working at Target or (if lucky) at the local library, will return to Vienna, desperate to see her again, only to end up alone. /> <br /> Despite what was a very discouraging conclusion for me, "Before Sunrise" is a beautiful film. I recommend this as much as the sequel, "Before Sunset".
