I bought the Before Sunset DVD and saw it for the first time a week ago. After watching it twice, I could not stop listening to Before Sunrise, not because the sequence was not so good, but I felt that these two movies were complete like no other sequel ever did, every time I finished watching one of them , I feel the need and desire to see the other. So, I ended up spending the weeks watching them repeatedly, I'll be quite embarrassed to mention how many times exactly. The most remarkable thing about Before Sunrise is how you feel the development of your characters' feelings toward each other. It seems so simple, growing chemistry, I think other romantic movies may think they can keep up with the development, but for me - who does not believe in Nora Ephron - Before Sunrise is the first movie to really give viewers a chance to feel it. When I first saw it, about 8 years ago, when I was 20, I already liked that. But, I did not rate this as a "big movie", it still seemed to me that another person thinking "feels good movie, Linklater was too smart to make it more realistic, it was 10 minutes too long, the characters were fine fabricated, I thought I liked it because it was like a dream and because I enjoyed their conversations, etc etc .. But now, thanks to Before Sunset, I feel like it's more for Before the sunrise than what I felt for I've seen the elements more clearly: Jesse, Celine, Vienna, their conversations, everything.As each of them is separate element by itself, and they have a chance to mix, the story is just a frame of time, no I feel more manipulated.And the freedom that each scene has, as well as its refusal to be overly efficient, as I was blind that these qualities did not seem exceptional to me when I first saw it! Now, 8 years have passed, the more movies I saw, the more I realize that many movies are enas collections of ordered scenes that exist only for their final, even films like Pulp Fiction or Slackers of the included Linklaters itself. The tale Jesse and Celine avoid that, perhaps Before Sunset is a better example in this case, but Before Sunrise is also one of the few films that its end is only a consequence of time, not a destination, each scene has its own life. I do not know if Linklater or anyone else had a sequel in mind when they did Before Sunrise, but to me, one of the most amazing things about these sequences is how those two movies contrast visually. Before Sunrise, which I think employs more static angels and brighter color schemes, seems to try to capture the smallest atoms of liveliness around Jesse and Celine, the world is always full of hope whether the characters feel it or not. Meanwhile, I stare at the sight of boredom as Jesse keeps talking to the reporters at Before Sunset, and Celine's first smile from behind the shelves is the most moving smile I've seen at the beginning of a movie, and the many shots on the move after that leads me to a place I do not know sadly about me, no matter how beautiful Paris is, and no matter how happy I am that they will meet again. I'm sorry I'm still so long with my limited English, Before Sunrise is already an extraordinary film without me shedding my scattered thoughts, and it gets even better with an equally large following after it.
