When I watched this film in the movies, when it was released in 1995, through an advanced and free exhibition, I was totally delighted and would have gladly paid to see it. I regretted it when I talked to many people who had also seen it and who were utterly disappointed by it and how it ended. I, on the other hand, felt quite the opposite. I was totally satisfied with the result and everything. The people I spoke to told me there was a lot of talk! Also, they were unhappy because they felt the ending left you thinking about the fate of the two characters. I found these observations absurd and also painful evidence of how the majority of the audience that frequents American cinema seems to have a tendency to want stories easy to follow in films with a not very complex and cleverly confused dialogue. They also like to be fed end spoons - happy or sad. It pisses me off. No one wants to be challenged anymore ??? And in the end (and I do not want to be a spoiler), I'm totally happy because I know in my heart that these two characters will see each other again. It's all about your own personal faith in romance and destiny. It's a very personal movie that does not talk to everyone. But he certainly spoke to me. Give a chance! Be patient with that! Richard Linklater created a very beautiful film with a beautiful story against the beautiful scenery of the city of Vienna. Watching this makes you feel like you are wandering the streets of the city along with the characters. As if you were traveling through Europe on an Eurail pass. It's very intimate. In addition, Ethan Hawke and Julie Delpy do an exquisite job to bring the complex script to life. They must have improvised during some parts and works well. They have great chemistry in their roles. Your embarrassment as strangers get to know each other in the beginning is very believable and you can actually feel the romance and bond unfold between them as the movie progresses. I have the impression that this was a very personal job for Mr. Linklater and I deeply respect him for making this film. It definitely touched me and I hope they touch the others as much. Bravo for romance !!!
