Before Sunrise has many remarkable things going on, almost too much to fit into a revision like this, but suffice to say that it is one of the most observant character studies of the 1990s, perhaps even in all contemporary cinema, to be observer about love, to say as much as about a human connection. How to fall in love at first sight? No one does, at least in the depth of the consensus that Linklater wants to show with his film. And yet there is the possibility of such an intense connection, of a bond that can form in those who are young and with many ideas that can be expressed in an articulated way and with an amplitude of cynicism and that is somehow very tender and true to the Same time. Time. Linklater here gives us the story of Celine and Jessie, a French girl and an American boy who leave the same train going to Vienna, and on the way they start talking about things, at first arbitrary, personal (Jessie seeing death for the first time in his great grandfather). Jessie convinces Celine to accompany him one night in the "city" in Vienna to the plane the next morning. <br /> <br /> Before sunrise, Jessie and Celine, in the middle of beautiful Vienna scenarios and places to talk about topics that have a lot of importance and, in a way, is about talking, about how it is observe people having one leading to another and the other. Here, it's often about relationships and appointments, as Jessie and Celine tell stories at times a little inconsequential, or apparently, and another that can tell a lot about their essential qualities. We hear confessions of wishes for other loves, or what were not really loves, part of a family or part of an education that may or may not tell you how you will love your life, what it means to believe or not. I believe in some religious way, or just to have some connection with any faith and soul (I loved the little about the Quakers in the church), and sometimes tied with cynicism or skepticism. Jessie may be more responsible for this latter part, but what's fascinating about the movie is that it's never exactly cynical, just commenting on the cynicism that's in the concerns of men and women at this age of their lives. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, it's always nice to see Ethan Hawke and Julie Delpy in these roles, where they are not incessantly annoying in this Generation-X mode of the 90s, but are the types of people in which, if not in the central concept of the film, which is not bad but necessary, one can think of walking the streets of a city somewhere. The presumption is that of an old romantic figure, a brief encounter, only here the intimacy is expressed in the central characters, or between each other, where the sweet apartes are really acceptable ("I have to tell you a secret", says Jessie , and then bends over for a kiss, ho-ho), or in the small moments that arise with other people along the way. I loved the scene with the poet where it is very cinematographic to suddenly find a random and romantic musician in the middle of a romantic photo with such beautiful words at his disposal, or with the palm reader and how the reactions of Jessie and Celine is that we can share, but we're really seeing them do it firsthand. All this time, Hawke and Delpy embody the roles in an interesting way - we can see how the neuroses are already being formed for their adult lives - as this may lead to the future ... <br /> <br /> Presenting splendid cinematography and a script with an ear for natural wit and a true sense of what it means to have a moment of happiness, independent of being autonomous, as it can lead to something more. Who can say that you can not suddenly be connected to someone, even for less than 24 hours, and be much more connected than a couple? This is perhaps Linklater's thesis, but there is more to it. It's a very dense movie, and one that will make me call it over and over again. One particular scene, which is both extravagant and brilliant, is when the two are talking "on the phone" in front of each other, imitating their exhibitions, can go to each other's friends. A +
