Many of the criticisms on this topic seem to choose a comparison of this movie with "The Mortal Storm" or "Casablanca." Everyone has the right to compare the films they choose, but the similarities of "The Mortal Storm" and "Watch On The Rhine" are clearly the problems of refugees threatened by the Nazi, while the main comparative point brought with "Casablanca" is the treatment apparently unfair to Humphrey Bogart in 1943 by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences, because they chose Paul Lukas for the Oscar for Best Actor. It does not seem totally wrong to me. Lukas had a good film career (both here and in England - he's the villain in "The Lady Vanishes"), and that performance was his best. Bogart had more great performances in it than Rick Blaine (for example, he was ignored by Sam Spade in "The Maltese Falcon" and Roy Earle in "High Sierra" two years earlier, both of which were first-class performances, and he did not receive an Oscar for his greatest performances as Fred C. Dobbs in "The Treasure of the Sierra Madres," the writer / murder suspect in "In A Lonely Place" and Captain Philip Francis Queeg in "The Caine Mutiny" later - he succeeded for Charley in "The African Queen"). I think Bogie should have gotten the role of Dobbs, but that did not happen. But Lukas was lucky - he achieved the definitive performance of his minor career. Few can claim that. For me, the film to watch with "Watch On The Rhine" is based on another Hellman piece / script, "The Searching Wind". Both look at the spirit of isolationism in the United States in the 1920s and 1930s. "The Searching Wind" is really looking at the entire period between wars, while "Watch On The Rhine" set in the years following our entry into World War II deals with a few weeks of time. Therefore, it is better built as a game and more meaningful for its impact. <br /> <br /> The film has many good performances, led by Lukas as the sold-out but determined anti-Nazi / messenger fighter, Davis as his loyal wife (wisely keeping his character as low as possible because Lukas is the center of the game's activities), Coulouris as the selfish, conniving, but ultimately foolish and ineffective Teck, Lucille Watson as Davis's mother and Geraldine Fitzgerald (as Coulouris's wisest, saddest and weary wife), and Kurt Katch, who delivers a devastating criticism (as head of the local embassy's Gestapo) about Coulouris and others who would deal with the Nazis. You have dialogue with bite in it. And what it says is quite true. It also has moments of almost poetry. Witness the scene at the end, when Coulouris is left alone with Lukas and Davis, and says: "The New World has left the scene for the Old World." Hellman could write very well sometimes. <br /> <br /> Given the strength of the film script and performances I would rate this movie highly among the WWII movies.
