Before sunrise it is romance for the laziest generation. Richard Linklater's romantic drama is an unusual account of a dream that has come true for most people. The film portrays the novel in all its glory, but without any of the traps that fall on most couples; and in short, the film is about two people who have a relationship as close to perfection as relationships will come - with only one problem, the problem of time. While most relationships calm down over time, it remains strong and time itself is the only thing that wears out. Before sunrise, it's certainly not the typical sentimental Hollywood "romance," which is another aspect that puts the film's leagues ahead of the suitors. The story follows two people, Jesse; an American and Celine; a French girl who is on a train to Vienna. They connect instantly, and after telling their horrible idea to a television show and almost getting off the train, Jesse asks Celine to join him for the day in the picturesque city of Vienna ... <br /> < > Before sunrise works mainly for two reasons - realistic acting and an immense script that builds the characters through their thoughts and feelings and thus allows us to get to know them as we do with people in real life. This allows the characters to be free, and it is easy to believe that they are real people and not just actors working on a script. This also allows us to feel the characters for who they are, not simply because they are the protagonists. This kind of realism is hard to grasp because at the end of the day we as a public know that they are watching a movie and not watching real life; but Before Sunrise represents one of the truest realism displays to be seen onscreen. A really great script can not run on its own and needs great actors to deliver it to a level that does justice, and although I'm not a fan of Julie Deply or Ethan Hawke; watching this movie, there is nothing you can do other than to respect them. I do not know if they were in the character or just interpreting themselves, but when a movie is good like that; It hardly matters. <br /> <br /> In a movie like this, writing is the most important thing, and within the script there are several observations about life, most of which I could personally relate to. This is what Richard Linklater achieved with this script, as he not only creates and builds the characters, but also exposes what true love is, along with many other aspects of life. The fact that not all anecdotes are related to me personally represents again the brilliance of writing. Everyone is different, and different parts of the script will appeal to different people. There may be certain aspects about a person one person loves and one person hates; and this is the case with the reflections in this script. Adding to the beauty of the movie is the city of Vienna. The city itself is not really important to the film, as this is a story that could have happened anywhere - but it does make some lovely visuals and the upbeat and energetic romance that flourishes throughout the film is matched by the beauty of movie. location. <br /> <br /> Before sunrise is both beautiful and captivating. Richard Linklater has created something that is rare in the world of cinema; a film that captures the beauty of life without ever overdoing it or being overly sentimental. Before sunrise is what it is. And what it is, it's pure cinematic brilliance.
