Lillian Hellman, one of America's most famous playwrights, was a woman with a mission. His leftist views were not well seen in the country's time. In her memoir, she recounts her trip to the then Soviet Union, as she was intrigued by the so-called successes achieved by that system. "Watch on the Rhine" must have come as a result of those years. The left in America, as throughout the world, had a problem with the rise of fascism, not only in Europe but also in Japan. "Watch on the Rhine" was a play produced on Broadway eight months before the Pearl Harbor attack by the Japanese. In it, Hellman was announcing America's entry into World War II. The adaptation is credited to Ms. Hellman and Dashiell Hammett, her long-time companion. As directed for the screen by Herman Shumlin, the film was well received when it premiered in 1943. We are introduced to the Muller family when the film opens. They are crossing the border into the United States of Mexico. They should continue toward Mrs. Muller's home in Washington, D.C., where her mother, Fanny Farrelly, is a host of smaller celebrities. The Mullers, we see, are fleeing Europe because of the persecution there against the opponents of the advance of the totalitarian regime in Germany. In fact, we thought, in a way, that the Mullers could have been better justified if they were Jews, fleeing from certain extermination. <br /> We found out that Mr. Muller had a terrible time in his life. hometown, as well as elsewhere, because their frankness in denouncing Fascim. Little does he know that he is coming to his mother-in-law's house, which houses one of the worst exponents of this philosophy. The film offers excellent performance throughout. It's a curiosity because of Bette Davis's supporting role. Paul Lukas, repeating his Broadway role, is quite convincing as Kurt Muller, the honest man who wants to make a better world for himself and his family. Mr. Lukas does a great job portraying Kurt Muller, repeating the role that made him one of the stars on Broadway. <br /> <br /> The other best performance is by Lucile Watson, who plays Fanny Farrelly, the matriarch of this family. . Geraldine Fitzgerald is seen as Marthe de Brancovis, a guest of the Farrellys, married to the despicable Teck de Brancovis, sympathizer of the Nazis, played by George Coulouris. Beulah Bondi, Donald Woods and the rest of the supporting cast give good performances guided by Shumlin. <br /> <br /> The film should serve as a reminder of the evils of the totalitarian regime, no matter where.
