I'll tell you a story from the summer of 1994. A friend and I attended a Canadian Day concert in Barrie, and was one of the top Canadian bands of the time. We got there around 4 in the morning, waited in line for most of the morning, and when the doors opened at 9 in the morning, we were among the first ones inside the gates. We then waited and waited in the hot sun, grilling slowly but we did not care, as the headliners were among our favorites. At one point in the afternoon, I sat down and fell asleep with my back to the barrier. I was awakened to my shock and dismay by a screaming girl wearing a Rheostatics T-shirt. That's the reason I hated rheostats to this day. There is nothing reasonable, nor determined by taste, nor really anything, except your fandom. Snotty of me, is not it? So, I, in my hatred of the band, denied myself the pleasure that is Whale Music. <br /> <br /> Desmond Howl had it all. It's hard to say what he missed, since he lives in a fantastic mansion wedged between the ocean and the mountains (the BC region where the film was filmed is breathtaking). The life that most of us dream of is dismantled by dreams, ghosts and its own past, until the day a teenage criminal invades ... and, as banal as it may seem, breaks it. <br /> <br /> Canadian cinema suffers from various problems. Lack of money, as well as the unbearable lack of asking for help (as if somehow the feature were no longer Canadian) led to lower production values ​​than American or British films, and most people do not like to watch anything. which sounds or looks, well, not like an American movie. Next, Canadian writers often seem so involved in being weird as they lose sight of how to tell a good story, and tell it well. Third, they seem to think that free (often full frontal) nudity makes something artistic. I'm sure anyone who watches enough Canadian movies, especially late at night on CBC, knows exactly what I'm talking about. It's almost as if a "do not do it" manual existed somewhere and Canadian filmmakers have thrown it away for a long time. In the 1990s and '00s, however, some films (such as Bruce McDonald's work and the brilliant CRAZY) broke this mold and succeeded in maintaining what makes them Canadian, while maintaining production values ​​watchable and great stories. Whale Music is one of those movies, on the surface. Deeper than just his Canadian isms, it is a deeply moving story of a man who has lost control, through regret and excess, who is redeemed by music and then by love. And that even redeems the rheostats. :)
