"Emma" was a product of what could be called Jane Austen's First Great Cycle of the mid-nineties, and was recently shown on British television, no doubt because of the interest in the author created by Jane Austen's Second Great Cycle that began with "Pride and Prejudice" two years ago. We currently have Austen's biopic "Becoming Jane" in cinemas, and ITV has recently produced three TV movies based on Austen's novels. These include "Northanger Abbey", the only one of the six major novels that were not filmed previously, so the cycle should be complete now. No doubt, however, there will be more to come in the near future. (There is, after all, her juvenile "Love and Freindship" (sic), the little soap opera "Lady Susan", and someone somewhere undoubtedly provided endings for her two unfinished fragments "The Watsons" and "Sanditon" there are all these Austen sequences produced by modern writers ??????). The main character is Emma Woodhouse, a young lady from an aristocratic family in Regency England. (Not, as some critics believe, Victorian England - Austen died even before Queen Victoria was born). Emma is financially considerably better off than most of Austen's heroines, such as Elizabeth Bennett or Fanny Price, and does not need to find a wealthy husband. Instead, his main concern seems to be finding husbands for his friends. She persuades her friend Harriet to refuse a marriage proposal from a young farmer, Robert Martin, believing that Harriet should keep an eye on the ambitious clergyman, Elton. This scheme goes disastrously wrong, however, as Elton has no interest in Harriet, but fell in love with Emma herself. The speed with which Emma rejects his proposal makes her wonder just why she was so interested in matching her friend with a man she considers (rightly) as an inadequate marriage partner for herself. Being a Jane Austen plot, Emma turns out to be a less committed spinster than she seems, and she also finds herself in love, leading to more complications. <br /> Emma always insists that not marry without affection, and when she finds a partner, the handsome Mr. Knightley, we feel that this will indeed be an affectionate marriage. It does not seem, however, that she is very much in love (unlike, say, Elizabeth Bennett and Mr Darcy). Knightley, who is sixteen years older than Emma (she is 21, he is 37), and relates to her by marriage, is more like a father figure than a lover. Much more of a father figure, in fact, than his real father, an old selfish, egotistical hypochondriac who looks more like his grandfather. When Emma is rude to her unbearably chatty and boring friend, Miss Bates, it is Knightley who rebukes her for her lack of education. (His surname must probably indicate his chivalrous nature-19th century gentlemen liked to think of themselves as the modern equivalent of medieval knights with their elaborate chivalric codes.) Both Gwyneth Paltrow and Jeremy Northam play very well, but this is not really one of the great screen novels. Of the other characters, I liked the vulgar Elton of Juliet Stephenson and Harriet of Toni Collette. I know that in the novel Harriet was a naive young teenager, while here she is more like the character Collette played in "Muriel's Wedding" - a clumsy, slightly overweight boy, concerned about his chances of finding a man. However, I felt that this characterization worked well in the context of the film and did not diminish Austen's themes. "Emma" is one of Austen's most joyous works, without the darker tones of "Mansfield Park" or even "Pride and Prejudice," and this is reflected on the screen. We see a world of beauty and grace, full of mansions and elegant attire and manners. In addition to the ruffianly gypsies who make a brief appearance, the only "poor" people we see are Mrs. Bates and her daughter, and as they live in the picturesque hut covered with roses that today would change hands for over £ 500,000, we can be sure that their poverty is relative, not absolute. In Emma's world, poverty is defined as not having its own manor house. Obviously, this is not a comprehensive picture of early nineteenth-century life, but no one has ever claimed Austen as the Regency equivalent of a realist from the kitchen sink. The sophisticated romantic comedy, combined with a watchful eye to analyze the human character, was more in its line. <br /> <br /> I would not rate this movie as well as the 1994 "Sense and Sensibility" or the recent "Pride." and Prejudice "- tends to creep a little in the middle, although it has a strong beginning and a strong end - but is, in general, a very pleasant Austen adaptation.
