Romance is in the air and love is flourishing in the Victorian era England, in this joyous story against a society at a time when manners were still in vogue, the ladies were charming and elegant, and the gentlemen running. "Emma," based on Jane Austen's novel and written for screen and directed by Douglas McGrath, stars the adorable Gwyneth Paltrow in the lead role. A self-appointed matchmaker, Emma takes great delight in the romantic notion of playing Cupid and try to match those she thinks are suitable for each other. Coming out of a successful marriage that ended in marriage, she then prepares to find a mate for her friend, Harriet (Toni Collette), but the result of her initial attempt is not satisfactory. Meanwhile, his efforts are tempered by the handsome Mr. Knightley (Jeremy Northam), whose ideas about the heart often seem to be a little more cunning than Emma's, and lend some necessary balance to the process. And Emma, ​​so preoccupied with what is right for others, neglects the heart that is really the most important of all: hers. The world turns and love abounds, but Emma is about to miss the boat. Luckily for her, however, she's the one for her waiting in the wings. Now, if she can, but stop enough to realize that. But as everyone who has known true love knows, the questions of the heart can go right or wrong in an instant, depending on the smallest thing; and while the novel is at hand for Emma, ​​she must first acknowledge him and seize the moment. <br /> <br /> McGrath created and produced a delightful and enjoyable movie that is like a breath of fresh air in our life. world often turbulent. There may be an air of frivolity about this, but in retrospect, this story deals with something that is perhaps the most important thing that exists - in all honesty - for almost anyone: love. And with McGrath's impeccable sense of timing and rhythm, everything unfolds in a totally fun and enjoyable way. It is a nice and affectionate film with a wonderful cast that successfully transports the viewer to another time and place. It is a light but absorbent meal; and the picturesque settings and procedures provide a sense of well-being and calmness that allows you to soak in it and simply follow the flow. The catchy Paltrow, who won the Oscar for best actress for `Shakespeare In Love 'two years after doing this, looks comfortable and at home in this genre. It embodies all things British, and does so with so much naturalness and ease that it is the kind of performance that is easily taken for granted or neglected. She's just so good at what she does and makes it look so easy. She has a charismatic screen presence and a pleasant way, very reminiscent of Audrey Hepburn. However, Paltrow is unique. As an actress, she has a wide range and style and demonstrated - with films like "Hard Eight", "Hush" and "A Perfect Murder" - that she can play virtually any part effectively, and with that personal touch she makes any role she plays. But it's with characters like Emma that she really shines. She is so expressive and open, and her personality is so engaging that she is someone she is easy to relate to and just a joy to watch regardless of which part she is playing. And for Emma, ​​she's absolutely perfect. <br /> <br /> Jeremy Northam also gets extremely well in the role of Knightley and, like Paltrow, seems appropriate to the genre - in the right role, that is; his performance in the latest 'The Golden Bowl', in which he played an Italian prince, was less than satisfactory. Here, however, he is perfect; he is handsome and behaves in such a way that makes Knightley believable and very real. As Mr. Darcy of Colin Firth in the miniseries Pride and Prejudice, Northam created a memorable character with his own Mr. Knightley. Also excellent in supporting roles and worthy of mention are Toni Collette, as Emma's friend Harriet Smith; and Alan Cumming, as the Rev. Elton. Respectively, Collette and Cumming create characters who are very real people and, as such, become a vital asset to the overall success of this film. And this shows how invaluable the supporting actors are in the world of cinema, and for films of any genre. <br /> <br /> The supporting cast includes Greta Scacchi (Mrs. Weston), Denys Hawthorne (Mr. Woodhouse), Sophie Thompson (Miss Bates), Kathleen Byron (Mrs. Goddard), Phyllida Law ), Polly Walker (Jane Fairfax) and Ewan McGregor (Frank Churchill). An uplifting and elegant film, "Emma" is a reminder of civilized behavior and the value of kindness and grace in a world often plagued by unpleasant things. And even if it is only through the magic of the silver screen, it is good to be able to escape into a world like this, even for a few hours, for it fulfills the need to renew faith in the human spirit. And this is the magic of cinema. I rate this 9/10. <br /> <br /> <br />
