Tweaked a little, 'Nothing' could be a children's movie. It's a very clever concept, it tackles some interesting metaphysical themes and goes against virtually every Hollywood convention you can think of ... what goes against everything more than literally "nothing"? Nothing is the story of two friends who wish the world away when everything goes wrong with their lives. All that's left is what they do not hate and a large empty space. It's hard to focus a story on only two actors for most of your movie, especially no cuts in anything out of the storyline. It concentrates on practically one subject, but it is the main territory of Vincenzo Natali. If you've ever seen 'Cube', you know he likes that kind of situation. The "nothing" in this movie is apparently an infinite space, but somehow Natali manages to make it a bit claustrophobic, even because there is literally nothing else, and nowhere else to go. The actors sell, although you can tell that these guys are friends anyway. Two 'Cube' actors return here (Worth and Kazan), but they are completely different characters. They change throughout history, and although they are not the strongest actors in the world, they are at least credible. <br /> <br /> The reason why I say this may be a childish movie under the right settings, is because in addition to some f-bombs and a somewhat unnecessary dream sequence, the extravagant and often silly sensation of this film could easily be digested by children. So I find it a strange choice that writers decide to add some coarse language and a small amount of blood, especially considering that there is not much of it. That could have gotten a PG rating easily if they just cut some stuff and traded a little dialogue. There is very little questionable about this movie, but just enough to keep parents from wanting their children to see it. I just say it's a shame because not because I support censorship, but because that may have been the only thing that prevented this movie from having a wider exposure. <br /> <br /> Anyway, this is a reasonably entertaining movie, although with some scenes dragged. But by literally being about nothing, and focused entirely on two characters and their interactions with absolutely nothing, they do a surprisingly good job for an independent film.
