Having seen CUBE, I am a fan of Vincenzo Natali's work. Natali seems to have this inept ability to have a plot, and hardly twist ours as a wet towel for the whole story he can muster. Instead, it lets your own stories unfold naturally, so much so that you can actually believe that there is this Cube where people try to escape, or in the case of NOTHING, a great empty stretch where there is ... nothing ! The ad called me instantly. It seemed so simple! Take two characters that nobody likes and send them to a world where there is nothing. Natali does it so simply that you forget the logic that a place where there is nothing can not exist. In fact, the world of nothingness becomes a kind of irony within the film. There is nothing there but also 'something' there. <br /> <br /> It may be a good time to point out that the trailer is highly misleading. I was fortunate enough to really understand that the movie was leaning toward a comical side of the trailer, otherwise. So while watching the movie, I laugh every now and then while someone who the ad can mislead can be completely confused. <br /> <br /> If I can take a minute to give the film some praise, where the film stands out is the concept. It's a genius concept to have a world of nothing, and put two characters there, NOT two brilliant-minded characters, who will philosophize and work around you, but two idiots who have absolutely no clue where the hell they are! Another strong point is the film's cinematography, although at first this may not seem like it! Where each wall, north, earth, south, west, up and down is only a white plane, a depth perception becomes defective. It is difficult to determine where things are placed in Mis-En-Scene. Cinematography has many moments in which this really happens, but for the most part, the camera is placed so that two characters, or an object and a character, are placed in the foreground and background, allowing a sense of depth to be perceived . /> <br /> However, this movie is lacking in certain areas. The film is relatively short, but even so, after some time, the novelty of this world out of nowhere becomes boring, and you want to find some form of resolution within the storyline. We can also argue that acting is once again questionable. These two characters are, in a way, unnamable, so we do not feel sympathy at all for these characters. However, on the other hand, the chemistry and friendship between the two characters seems real enough, but there is something missing. <br /> <br /> Even so, I classify this as a completely enjoyable movie! Do not let the trailer fool you into thinking this is another science fiction horror movie. It's a lot more comedy than that! Really worth watching, purely by the concept itself!
