Director Vincenzo Natali first showed his penchant for character-based science fiction films with his 1997 short film "Elevated," in which 3 people remain trapped in an elevator while invisible monsters roam the building. His follow-up project "Cube", released later that year, had a very similar premise, this time with 6 people and instead of an elevator, it was a vast expanse of interlocking cubic mortal traps. Both were admirable attempts to take the sci-fi genre one step further, deliberately refusing to show almost any visual stimulus, preferring to spend as much time as possible concentrating on the human element, how the characters act, react, and interact under incomprehensible actions. and dangerous conditions. After her mainstream exploration with "Cypher," Natali returned to her bizarre trend of character movies to bring "Nothing," her latest and most optimistic and comedic take on the "What If" movie world. ? <br /> <br /> Dave (David Hewlett) and Andrew (Andrew Miller) are lifelong friends, reunited by a mutual alienation from society and the lack of anyone else to be. Dave, who has always been hindered by a selfish and somewhat dumb nature, lives without rent with Andrew in his poorly constructed and poorly constructed home, where he often takes advantage of Andrew's neurotic and antisocial mentality. In spite of all this, the two misfits are happy together, until one day their deep character flaws, coupled with a bit of astronomical misfortune, put them in the middle of a rather serious, worthy prison sentence. In addition, they discover that their home was considered improper for existence and is scheduled to be demolished before sunset, so in the hazy panic of everything going wrong for them, they wish the whole world would simply disappear. And it does. Going further with the synopsis would greatly compromise the slow (occasionally too slow) revelation about what happened to Dave and Andrew, and how they deal with their new reality. Natali's fascination with the study of human behavior under duress (The Birds wing) is here in swords, but simply by making the main characters friends rather than strangers, he is able to break with the thriller-horror element of this premise to open- to a more comfortable and optimistic level. It's almost as if he did the opposite aphoristic of "Cube." <br /> <br /> Of course, the movie is not 85 minutes of laughter and sunshine. According to fundamental realism, the dynamics of the two anti-heroes often become antagonistic, sometimes with rather unpleasant results. Like the game "Deserted Island", the movie shows how even best friends, when alone, can collapse, but at the same time shows that friends are vital to the quality of existence. In a very distorted, science fiction way, this is a well-being film, with good heart and good intentions. <br /> <br /> However, there are some fears about having "Nothing". While the two main actors, Hewlett and Miller, do well with their parts, their characters are not as interesting as they should have been, considering that it is completely up to them to entertain us for most of an hour. There is some development in the relationship and personalities of Dave and Andrew, some background is given but in the end are not enough. A generous spectator will watch the less enveloping parts of the movie until the end, but the cynics will probably give up quickly. <br /> <br /> The performance, as mentioned, is adequate, and considering the amount of 'green screen' work that would have been required, reasonably convincing. David Hewlett and Andrew Miller, who both wrote the screenplay, were longtime friends of Vincenzo Natali: Hewlett participated in all the films Natali did. Perhaps it was their creative contribution that directed this film in a more positive direction. However, the story could have been much more engaging. Granted, it's relatively amusing, considering that (no pun intended) nothing really happens, but you get the impression that in more experienced hands, a lot more could have been done with that premise. <br /> <br /> All justice, "Nothing" is a striking work in many ways. The concept is interesting, the direction is inventive, the script works on the human level and, above all, shows a progression in Natali's creative mentality. For fans of your work, this will be a delight, and for others, it will be a good way to spend some unwanted time. It's a shame that the director's fix on the human drama has kept him from being the great, fun movie that could have been.
