The premise of this movie has been tickling my imagination for some time. We have all heard or read about it in some kind of context. What would you do if you were alone in the world? What would you do if the whole world disappeared suddenly before your eyes? In fact, the last part is actually what happens to Dave and Andrew, two roommates who live in a house in the middle of an expressway system. Andrew is a bum to say the least and Dave is considered one of society's biggest losers. That alone is the main reason why these two guys get along so well because they simply have each other to turn when comfort is needed. Just until ... <br /> <br /> Direct from the beginning of the movie many and many problems happen to them. Both get involved in the crime, Andrew suffers from paranoia and simply does not dare leave the house. Dave is unsuccessful in his work and his colleagues do not treat him very well and with the respect he deserves. The amount of problems they face continues to increase until that day when they may have to face the inevitable and deal with it. This is too much for them and they want it all to go away ... And of course that's exactly what happens. <br /> <br /> The rest of the story puts Dave and Andrew in this world of nothing. . At first they are surprised and have trouble understanding and dealing with the characteristics of this crazy environment, but then they find that they can do pretty much anything they want because it seems they are the only ones left. <BR> Nothing has an incredibly small cast - in fact, beyond the first scenes of the film, we only see Dave (David Hewlett) and Andrew (Andrew Miller) throughout the film. Of course, to achieve this, the cast has to be more than ready for the task, because in a world where nothing exists, there is nothing that can distract the viewer in any way. Vincenzo has decided to use a decent amount of head shots to make it more interesting and really works very well. Director of Photography Derek Rogers also has a great way to provoke the audience by withholding visual information, especially at times when a character sees something and reacts to it, but we do not see it right away. <br /> <br /> Obviously, this can not be an event-oriented movie and it is not. Much of the action happens outside the home when they move in the void. And that's where some of the more hilarious scenes happen, especially in the case of when Andrew discovers a bar of chocolate. <br /> <br /> Now, someone might be thinking, "How come nothing looks like it?" Well, it does not look like anything. The whole world out of nowhere is white ... white, no matter what direction you look. This is the weakness of this movie ... After an hour or so, it's getting extremely annoying to look at and there have to be events to make sure it's more interesting to look at. Thank God, there are some. For example, sometimes when the two boys, due to the properties of nothing, are able to jump high, as if nothing were made of ... tofu (as Andrew claims). It's fun to see how they are instantly able to use anything to become gods of their own little society. One of the best parts of the film is the setting ... Production Designer Jasna Stefanovic has done a beautiful job in this film, the house these two guys live in is so strangely fun to look at, yet it seems certain that these two live in a place like this. All in all, the production design is undoubtedly one of the most powerful aspects of this film that really makes the film worth watching ... <br /> <br /> However, the best part of the film is acting. Both David Hewlett and Andrew Miller really look like the professional actors they both are. The camera is in them for every second of the movie and, as said before, there are only about props in the movie, they are actually in a bare stage. With a lot of character development and some decent one-liners, clever (sometimes hilariously stupid) dialogs, everything works to that end - and this really moves the movie away from the low-budget area to well-crafted manual work. <Br /> <br /> Let's talk a bit about visual effects because they are definitely worth mentioning. Nothing features digital visual effects and prosthetics that equate to any modern horror movie. There's a pretty gruesome dream sequence in the movie, and although The Drews has milked the scene completely, it's still fun to watch. One of the best visual effects of the film is in the end where Andrew and Dave suddenly discover their powers in this environment - they have the ability to wish it all away, so what if they can do otherwise and make things appear? "Nothing" is a bright and well-lit movie, it really helps promote the idea that they are probably dead (this is in fact one of their theories), but "Nothing" is a comedy and that slowly destroys his own theory. We do not know where they are or what happened to them. We do not know if they will ever leave, because the movie ends before we see something like that. The end, by the way, is not as good as it could have been. It's pretty easy to predict what's going to happen, yet writers have invented a few incidents that help make it a little more interesting, and in the end, it's reasonably satisfying. <br /> <br /> Take "Hollow". Man "," Kill Bill "," Cube "," Epoch "and many other movies and you have" Nothing. "It's really an amalgamation of different styles, yet there is no other film (at least as far as I know) For people remembering the original production comment of the cube on their DVD you can remember that Vincenzo Natali talked about how he came up with the story of the cube.He talks about him and André Bijelic having been mates at a time and both were in this extremely room without any hope of leaving, "Nothing" could very well be the screened version of the origin of the Cube's history, and to that end, it's almost like one of the Cube's prequels. <br /> <br /> What I can I like "Nothing", it's a great movie and the different parts of the movie are extremely well done with tons of clever ideas, I still feel the film is missing something and I have trouble figuring out precisely what it is .. Maybe, if we have a "Nothing 2," I can question. "Nothing" is a great movie, but not as good as I expected. <br /> <br /> Final evaluation: 7.5 / 10
