Nothing is fantastic! That simple! It's a movie that should not work, it still does. Natali remains in the realm of science fiction, however, this movie is also a comedy. Cypher seemed to have been a big budget drainage case for Natali (at $ 7.5 million! Woo-hoo Pa!) So with nothing he goes down again. This is a low budget film and independent production. Simple, good old-fashioned storytelling, and an attempt to make a film of artistic merit in contrast to Hollywood's usual reasons for financial gain. Nothing is a movie about Nothing and before you ask, no, it's nothing like Seinfeld! Basically, Andrew and Dave are a couple of losers. They live in a strange-looking house under two highways. Andrew is a telesales travel agent who is agoraphobic while Dave is Andrew's best friend, who stays with him for free to help him. Dave is tired of this however and has a beautiful girlfriend with whom he wants to move. By bizarre fortunes however, Dave discovers that his girlfriend has diverted a huge amount of money from the Daves workplace by incriminating Dave, and Andrew is mistakenly accused of sexually assaulting a Girl Scout (Canadian moody people!). It turns out that Andrew's house must also be demolished and he can not prevent that from happening, since the house was built on land where it should not have been built. Both Andrew and Dave are indoors when the police and the demolition team appear. They are desperate and can not escape, and in panic and confusion, just as the police exploded at all, disappeared to white. What happened? Has Dave and Andrew died? Wake up to find yourself still in the house is just quiet. No police, no demolition team, no angry mother! What happens is that Dave and Andy discover they have the ability to "want or hate." Turns out they hated the outside world. They are left alone. The house is surrounded by nothing, which is portrayed as pure white. So what this means is that the movie set is a set of houses and then just white. The film is an interesting insight into human isolation and the psyche, and of course, as they spend more time alone without food and water, they begin to get tired of each other. They find they can hate hunger, which is helpful, but obviously things get out of control, say. I can not reveal much, but I must say that bouncing heads are a sight to behold. <br /> <br /> This movie is quirky, funny, interesting. The effects are simple but effective and Natali brings together two friends of Cube, David Hewlett and Andrew Millar to lead the film. They have chemistry and also work very well. They have to hold 90% of the film alone and much of it on a pure white background, but it works. I certainly hope this has the same devilish treatment as the Cypher and that it should appear on the DVD in a year or two in the states. Nothing is a unique and top quality movie and although not as good as Cube or Cypher, it once again proves Natali as one of the best and most famous. <br /> <br /> Natali is someone who really interested me in his three films. resources so far and can not wait for your next feature. I kid to God he does not do the proposed Necropolis, written and directed by ADD Sufferer, always crap Paul Anderson. Vincenzo, old friend, if Paul comes to your block, RUN !!! RUN LIKE THE WIND !! I hope and prey that this guy does not lead to Hollywood as Alex Proyas did (with the nice light, but with the face covered with sugar and helium: I Robot!). Keep your eyes open for this guy. ****
