When he left, it was a state-of-the-art musical entertainment. Even today it's more fun than most, largely because it has James Cagney in the lead role as producer of musical prologue under a succession of deadlines and protected from all storms by his faithful "girl Friday" played by Joan Blondell. Also the musical numbers at the end that were put together by Busby Berkeley are pretty much a knock-out as far as that sort of thing goes. <br /> <br /> But this is a very strange movie. I mean in one of those numbers, you have Billy Barty running around pretending to be an adorable kid doing all sorts of strange things. Ruby Keeler seems to have a disgusting smile on her face at all times, but at least she is not required to act like in some of her unfortunate later films. You would never have imagined that Dick Powell was some kind of tough guy to see you in that movie; apparently all the energy of the tough guy was attributed to the star Cagney. As for Cagney, his high-speed speeches about musical shows and so on are captivating and annoying at the same time. After a while, it gets a bit much. You expect him to go out and say, "Hey, I have a great idea for a prologue!" Women are cigarettes and they come out of a pack of cigarettes! "Oh, no, we did it last month!" It's funny, but it gets a bit repetitive. In the moments when he has to get tough on the bad girl, Ruth Donnelly, some of Cagney's established gangster characters appear. In fact, frequent gangster director William Keighley is credited here with the coaching dialogue, and sometimes it seems that Cagney and Blondell are invoking something very "street" even though the characters are not criminals. <br /> <br /> The musical numbers ... what can you say? They are alone as entertainment, the way Berkeley uses the human body and the geometry is really amazing. But none of them really means anything. Means "Hotel Honeymoon", nothing more or less. And the whole pretense of integration falls apart immediately, as the characters on the show are doing things that could not be enjoyed by a theater audience as the film portrays. For example, at one point they show the good impression in a newspaper, things like that. The whole thing could only exist in the movie, so the idea that the prologues are actually live shows is ridiculous. I can only assume that audiences of the time were a little less critical about things like this than it would be ten years later or more because this is a very polished production. <br /> <br /> It's great to see Cagney himself show off his excellent dancing skills, and he can actually split the stage with a dancer like Keeler. Cagney and Blondell have excellent chemistry and their scenes go very well. The music I would say is just mediocre, but mostly enjoyable if repetitive. The direction of Bacon in general is very adequate, but never interesting. The entertainment value of the movie is unquestionable and also acquired some nostalgic value along the way. It's a cut above most of the "let's do a show" movies of the 30's.
