Starring, here's a synopsis: Porn Queen High Lee (Lynn Lowry) is murdered by her pornographic lover Max (George Shannon) in a Russian roulette sex game. Alta's other mistress, icy lesbian casting agent Camila Stone (Mary Woronov), provides an alibi for Max. But Camila has her own agenda, and a plot involving the seduction of the innocent actress Julie (Lynn again) in a web of mental sex games. When the identities of the look-alikes are sufficiently blurred, the stage is prepared for revenge as passionate as the warmest encounter of flesh. <br /> <br /> Although this film is quite obscure and has never received much attention, I think it is a sexy, suspenseful jewel. The worship goddess Woronov has one of her best ever roles, and she and Lowry, innocent and sexy, play with each other well. The haunting music provided by Gershon Kingsley, plus two original songs ("All-American Boy", "You Say You Never Let Me Down") and Jaynetts' "Round of Roses" make up a memorable soundtrack. The direction of Theodore Gershuny is crisp, with everything photographed in soft earth tones that perfectly suggest unpleasant business bubbling under the top layer of society. With tons of great New York atmosphere, Ondine (friend of Woronov and colleague Warholite) did a great performance in a small role, and the exotic Monique Van Vooren as Max's ex-wife in a comic sub-plot. This sub-plot, although entertaining, seems to belong to another movie. However, I'm not complaining, since the film is smooth even when it changes gears and is far more interesting than the erotic thriller being currently produced. <br /> <br /> Curiosities: Sugar Cookies was originally branded as X (soft-core) and released by the General Film Corporation in 1973. I am the proud owner of an original one-page poster - lucky me! In 1977, the film was cut to an R and reissued by Troma Team, which now offers uncut video on videotape. Mary Woronov was the wife of Theodore Gershuny at the time, and it was reportedly uncomfortable to play the simulated sex scenes with lesbians with him looking behind the camera. She can also be seen in two of her early productions, Kemek (1970) and Silent Night, Bloody Night (1972).
