One of the earliest films by Oliver Stone (associate), and one of the first films of the impressive career of Lloyd Kaufman (co-founder and president of the only true independent film studio in the world, Troma, creator of Toxic Avenger and, at the prestigious Festival of Fantastic Cinema in Amsterdam, award-winning filmmaker for more than 30 years). Having raised money for this film, Lloyd wrote this screenplay with Theodore Gershuni in 1970 and in retrospect regrets having heard the advice that Gershuni would direct the film instead of doing it for himself. But at that time he was still inexperienced in business and it is probably because of decisions like these that he does not make anyone else's foolish. Indeed, it would have been interesting to see Lloyd's version of his own script - as one of the world's most original, daring, experimental, and noncommittal directors, he would probably have given even more scope than he already had. But as we have the film directed by Gershuni. And the time is due to the strong script, or the fact that he is also really a director himself, SUGAR COOKIES is a very clever, highly suspenseful and well crafted film that deserves much more attention than it receives. The tight budget of the small studio (this was before even Kaufman and his friend and partner for over 30 years, Michael Herz, train the Troma) having to work, is so well treated that the film seems much more expensive, not really has a "low budget" look for everyone. The story revolves around the lesbian Camilla Stone (played by the enigmatic Mary Woronow) and her lover, who ends up dead by circumstances that I will not reveal not to spoil a delicious story. This leads to a succession of twists, mental games and personality reform that is loosely inspired by Hitchcock's Vertigo and at least as inventive. The atmosphere is much darker though, and some comparisons with the PERFORMANCE of Nicholas Roeg and Donald Cammell come to mind. In this mix, there is a thriller loaded with very original and inventive eroticism that does not make it clear how everything will end, which, along with a splendidly intertwined subplatform, with a nod to Kaufman's previous and sadly unavailable BIG GUSS. FUSS, it's been an hour and a half very exciting. Certainly one of the best films in the library of Troma, and once again one of those films that defy the curious fantasy that their catalog is in bad taste. The DVD includes some recent interviews conducted by Kaufman with Woronov and the other protagonist Lynn Lowry (later seen in THE CRAZIES, by George Romero), thus giving some interesting tips on what happened during the realization of this favorite cult and some tips of what it would be different if Lloyd had directed himself. Highly recommended.
