An opium den, a dirty little boy (actually a dwarf), prostitutes in abundance, a violent scramble in a swim, a motel for sex antics, skinny babies with too much cleavage, an alcoholic falling from the stairs, a clientele racially mixed a bar with Asians, Africans and Anglos treated in the same way, does this sound like a movie playing at the local mall? Wrong. These are all scenes from a 1933 musical. The first half of "Footlight Parade" is a preparation for a musical extravaganza that occupies the last half of the film. Chester Kent (Cagney) is about to lose his job and loses his playgirl wife as a result of spoken live music pictures. His producers take him to see a popular talky of the day, John Wayne in "The Big Trail". Before each movie showing, a dance number is presented as a prologue. Shorts, newsreels, serials and cartoons would later serve the purpose. Kent has the idea that a prologue chain would be the way to the salvation of ever-diminishing live music business. Kent is basically a man of ideas along the lines of choreographer Busby Berkeley. Is Cagney's character standardized after Berkeley? It could be. <br /> <br /> In preparation for the prologues, Kent discovers that his ideas are being stolen by a rival. He discovers the traitor, shoots him, then, unbeknownst to him, a new leak is planted in the form of a dazzling seductress. His assistant, Nan Prescott (Joan Blondell - soon to be Mrs. Dick Powell), has a desire for Kent and is determined to expose the seducer's tricks. A new Arkansas College singer appears in the form of Scotty Blain (Dick Powell), who turns out to be a real find and is paired with Bea Thorn (Ruby Keeler). The resulting three prologue musicals, which could not have been performed in any of the movie theaters of the day, are as fresh and enjoyable today as they were for over seventy years, "Honeymoon Hotel", "Waterfall" and "Shanghai." Lil. "<br /> <br /> Of special note is the music and dance of the tough guy James Cagney. <br /> <br /> Like Fred Astaire and Bill" Bojangles "Robinson, Cagney's dance seemed natural and unrehearsed, although hours have come into play to give Astaire, Cagney's song, like that of Astaire, seemed natural, unlike the tone so popular at the time.It's amazing that a person can be as talented and versatile as James Cagney. Most critics prefer the "Shanghai Lil" segment over the other two. However, the kaleidoscopic choreography of "By a Waterfall" is staggering as Berkeley was able to film submarine ballets and create the chain of human snakes must have been difficult because it has never been repeated.Plan closely blending brightly with distant angles are a must.Clear black-and-white photography is much more artistic than if photographed in color. Although not Being so socially conscious as "Gold Diggers of 1933," the "Footlight Parade" is one of the most surprising and outrageous musicals ever shown on the big screen.
