My ex-Cambridge contemporary Simon Heffer, now a writer and journalist, introduced the theory that just as British filmmakers in the 1980s used to criticize what they called "Thatcher's England", Ealing's comedies were like satires. The Great Britain of Attlee, "the Great Britain that emerged after the Labor victory in the general elections of 1945. This theory was not supposed to apply, say, to" Kind Hearts and Coronets "(which is, at a minimum , a satire to the Edwardian upper classes) or "The Ladykillers" or "The Lavender Hill Mob", both may contain some satire, but it has no political nature.It can however be applied to most of the other films in the series, especially "Passport to Pimlico." Pimlico is, or at least was in the 1940s, a predominantly working class district. London, situated on the north bank of the Thames, about two kilometers from the station It is not correct to say, as has already been said, that the film is about Pimlico "declaring himself independent" from Britain. What happens is that an old letter comes to the surface proving that in the fifteenth century the area was ceded by the King Edward IV to the Duchy of Burgundy. and, technically, Pimlico is an independent state, and has been for almost five hundred years, regardless of the desires of its inhabitants. The government promises to pass a special law of the Parliament to correct the anomaly, but until the law receives the Royal Assent, the area remains outside the United Kingdom and the British laws do not apply. <br /> <br /> Because Pimlico is not subject to British law, the local pub owner is free to open any time he chooses and local shopkeepers can sell whatever they want to whomever they want, unrestricted by the laws of rationing. When other traders start moving to the area to sell their goods on the streets, British officials are appalled by what they consider a black market legalization and seal the area to try to force the "Burgundians," as the Pimlico people have renamed They surrendered. Many of Ealing's comedies have as their central theme the idea of ​​the little man assuming the system as an individual, as in "The Man in the White Suit." or "The Lavender Hill Mob," or as part of a larger community as happens in "Whiskey Galore" or "The Titfield Thunderbolt." The central theme of the "Passport" is that of ordinary men and women who assume bureaucracy and government-imposed regulations that seemed to be an increasingly important feature of life in Britain in the 1940s. The particular target of the film is the rationing system. During the war the system had been accepted by most people as a necessary sacrifice in the struggle against Nazism, but it became increasingly politically controversial when the government tried to keep it in time of peace. It was a major factor in the growing unpopularity of the Attlee administration, which had been elected with a large majority in 1945, and organizations such as the League of British House Housewives were set up to campaign for the abolition of rationing. I can not agree with the reviewer who stated that the main targets of the film's satire were "spivs" (black marketeers), who play a relatively small role in the action, or the League of Housewives, who do not appear at all . The satire is very focused on bureaucrats, who are portrayed as having a "rule-of-rules" mentality or a desire to pass the ball and avoid having to take any action. <br /> <br /> I suspect that if the film were made today it would have a different ending with Pimlico remaining independent as a British version of Monaco or San Marino. (Actually, I suspect that today this concept would probably be the basis for a TV sitcom, rather than a movie.) In 1949, however, four years after the end of the war, the filmmakers emphasized patriotism and British identity, so the film ends with Pimlico being reabsorbed in Britain. One of the best known lines of the film is: "We have always been English and always will be English and it is precisely because we are English that we are defending our right to be Burgundians." There is a stark contrast between the rather soulless attitude of the bureaucracy to the common sense, tolerance, and good humor of the Cockneys of Pimlico, all presented as essentially British characteristics. <br /> <br /> Most of the action occurs during a summer drought and a sweltering heatwave, but in the last scene, after Pimlico returned to the UK, the temperature drops and begins to rain. Global warming may have altered things a bit, but for many years the fact of being British was the ability to maintain a belief, regardless of statistics to the contrary, that Britain had an unusually humid climate. The ability to make jokes about this climate was equally important. <br /> <br /> There is a good performance from Stanley Holloway as Arthur Pemberton, the grocery store owner and small local politician who becomes the prime minister of free Pimlico, and a fun appearance of Margaret Rutherford as a history teacher . Primarily, however, this is appropriately enough for a film about a small gathering community, an example of joint acting without performances of real stars, but with everyone making a contribution to an excellent film. The grudge and spite of many more recent satirical films are lacking, but their intelligence and satire are no less effective at all. It's still one of the funniest satires of bureaucracy ever made and, with the possible exception of "Kind Hearts and Coronets", is my favorite among Ealing comedies. 10/10
