It's true that Danny Steinmann's "The Unseen" is a simplistic horror thriller with a very predictable storyline, with no particular attempts at twists or surprises, and literally presenting every cliché the genre has presented over the decades, but that's not necessarily a bad movie. On the contrary, my friends and I were pleasantly surprised by this obscure but still intense feature of the 80s, which benefits primarily from a handful of brutal images and an absolutely brilliant cast. Beautiful and ambitious reporter Jennifer Fast and two of her equally attractive friends travel to a small Californian town to film a documentary about the birthday festival, but the hotel forgot to book their reservation. In their quest for a place to stay, the trio goes to the exaggerated and friendly museum curator, Ernest Keller, who invites the girls to stay in his remote country mansion. One by one the girls experience that Keller and his extremely introverted and submissive sister Victoria conceal an obscure and murderous secret inside their home. "The Unseen" can easily be described as a cheap and perverse fusion of horror classics "Psycho" and "The Chainsaw Massacre". The plot is a series of familiar themes that have become notorious and endlessly imitated due to these two films, such as twisted family secrets in the cellar, voyeurism, insane killers and an unappetizing treatment of chickens. Still, I do not consider these remarks to be negative, since "The Unseen" is a completely unpretentious and modestly disturbing thriller that clearly was never meant to be the greatest horror classic of the decade. Although the outcome of the plot is quite clear, director Steinmann tries to keep the mystery keeping the evil present in the "invisible" house as the title promised. The cast choices and acting performances are truly what elevates this sleeper above the mediocre level. Sydney Lassick, immortalized from his role as the overly anxious psychiatric patient Charley Cheswick in "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest" is truly the ideal choice for the role of Ernest Keller. His persistent friendship and almost naturally perverted looks are exactly what the character needed. Also Stephen Furst, who eventually passes from the invisible to the visa, gives a tremendous performance as "Junior." He looks and acts like a real handicapped man and his attempts to approach Jennifer in the basement are genuinely unnerving. "The Unseen" is a slow and predictable film, but in the early 80's, that will certainly please the fans of the 70's exploration and things usually strange.
