Get this movie if you can. You will find a very good performance by Barbara Bach, beautiful cinematography of an imposing (and incredibly clean) old house, but frightening, and an unexpected virtuoso performance by ?? "The invisible". I picked up a used copy of this movie because I was interested in seeing more of Bach, which I just saw in "The Spy Who Loved Me". I love classically beautiful actresses and I appreciate them even more if they can act a little. So we start with a new legal premise. TV reporter Bach leaves with boyfriend and will cover a festival in a city of California, Solvang, that celebrates its Swedish ancestry when making a great festival folkloric. She brings in a camerawoman, who is her sister and another sister. (The late Karen Lamm plays Bach's sister, and if you know who celebrities are married to, it's just too funny to see Bach (Mrs. Ringo Starr) and Lamm (Mrs. Dennis Wilson) down the street. sister.)) Anyway? Bach's disgruntled boyfriend follows her to Solvang, as he did not finish arguing with her. There's still a lot of feeling between them, but she does not want to see him get tired of playing football anymore. The ladies arrive in Solvang to do the task for their station, only to discover that their reservations were given to another person. (Maybe for Bach's boyfriend, why think about it? Where will it be?). The girls ask, but there's nowhere to go. Mistakenly trying to get into an old hotel that now serves only as a museum, they catch the interest of owner Mr. Keller (the late Sidney Lassick) who decides to be a gentleman and to host them at his house, insisting that his wife will be happy in receiving them. Oh no! The next thing we know is that Keller is making a whispered phone call to his wife, alerting her that the company is coming and threatening that she'd better get along. Problems in paradise! The ladies are eager to settle in and return to Solvang to film and interview the Swedes, but one of the girls does not feel well. Bach and Lamm leave her behind, wondering about Mrs. Keller (played with her heart by the beautiful Lelia Goldoni) who seems to have lost her best friend. By the way ?? In time, Vicki takes off her clothes and enters a beautiful hot tub, unaware that Keller has entered her room to inspect the keyhole. She listens to him, thinks he's coming to deliver bedding, and shouts his thanks. Lassick did a great job in this scene expressing the anguish of an old fat pio that did not take a long enough look. After he left, poor Vicki falls on the bed to take a nap, but is snatched from him quickly (in a really decent and frightening round of action) by something BIG that apparently crept through a grate on the floor? The invisible! Lamm returns home (Bach is finishing an argument with his boyfriend) and can not find anyone in the house. She knocks over a plate of fruit in the kitchen, and hands and knees to collect it, her fashionable hair and scarf swaying temptingly over the black grating of the floor? attracting the invisible again! Well, by the time poor Lamm is standing still in the kitchen, we do a flashback of Mr. Keller's past and get the full story of what really is your sick and sadistic background and why your wife does not smile much. Bach finally comes home and wants to know where his friends are. Meanwhile, Lassick was informed of the carnage of the afternoon by his wife crying and decides that he can not let Bach leave the premises to reveal the secret of his house. He tries it in the basement, where the last act of the Keller family's tragedy finally opens for us all. <br /> <br /> I can not say enough for Stephen Furst, whom I had never seen before; It is obvious that he did his homework for this role, studying the methods of communication and expression of the injured brain; Bach and Goldoni, each in its own different way, only give the film a sparkle. Not only that, but the movie ends with a satisfactory resolution. There are no cheap and stupid tricks, dialogue with the eyeball or pathetically cut corners ... A real treat for your collection.
