Dolph Lundgren is back! The arrest marks the first Dolphs movie in almost 2 years, and this is following the Late Occult Agenda. This film still represents an improvement for Dolph on his cheap trilogy by Jill Rips, Agent Red and Stormcatcher. However, this movie is well below the standard of the Hidden Agenda, which was better in almost every respect. What this film has in favor of Dolph's previous tour, is a feeling of playful fun. The film also has a rejuvenated Dolph back in a high-action role, and it's nice to see Dolph doing their own action scenes again. <br /> <br /> The history of the films is ridiculous and first film material B. An ex-military man is now a teacher and on his last day of teaching, while attending a Detention class, he meets some Slovak villains who took over the school to use as a cover for a big drug deal. The film has no originality, but in such a film you need to have fun with all the clichés. If you take it too seriously, the public will find little to enjoy. Fortunately, filmmakers do not take things too seriously, and along with all the clichés of action you can imagine and predictability, this film has such a bad climate that it's nice. <br /> <br /> Where the film is left low is lack of use of a fairly decent budget. The budget of about 10 million was not well spent. It's all on the screen with a lot of carnage and big blasts, but many of the shootings have no imagination. The opening action is fine, but after that the good times become more sparse. There are some good times. You have a car passing the school aisles, for example, and a decent gunfight early on, with a lot of destruction. The rest of the shootings are pretty mechanical, but there's a lot going on on the screen. <br /> <br /> As for the cast. Hidden Agenda presented the best cast Dolph has ever worked with. There was a good standard of actors for a digital TV movie. This, however, has problems. The actors are mostly bad. The bad guys are terrible, but the malicious guy has a kind of nice tacky because Alex Karsis does it so exaggeratedly and without the slightest sign of threat that you can laugh at pure evil. The teenagers in the play are really good, but they are playing these characters cliches. They all hate authority, and everyone has bad attitudes and, of course, in the end they learn important life lessons, but they are generally decent and Chris Collins in particular has a sympathy. This movie is about Dolph though. While this movie is far from its best, it is nowhere near its worst. It also marks a turning point in his career. He is now back in good shape, and will be in better shape even in his next movie, Direct Action. Dolph seems enthusiastic here, he does all his own action scenes and it's nice to see him play the typical action man (fleeing from slow-motion bursts, a liner and handling big guns) again in a movie like the older ones, though with less talent and imagination than cliché films like Army Of One. It's good to see Dolph looking energized. His films from the past 8 or so years have seen Dolph look a bit more tired, and using a lot twice as much (he still makes all the fights though), but the new simplified Dolph looks set for it. <br /> <br /> Overall, this is watchable if only for the value of the cheese and Dolph in the main man mode of action. There is not a single surprise, but it has a kind of inept charm. **
