There was a political documentary, a recent crop, called Why We Fight, which attempts to examine the infamous Military Industrial Complex and its dominion over that nation. It is considered both controversial and incisive to argue against this complex and against the war fiasco in which we are currently involved in Iraq. However, a much more famous series of films of the same name was made during World War II by Hollywood director Frank Capra. Although considered documentary, and having won the Oscar in this category, this series of seven films is really and truly mere advertisement, more in the vein of Leni Reifenstal's Triumph Of The Will, scenes from which Capra recycles for her own purposes. That said, this does not mean that he does not have vital information that subsequent generations of World War II documentaries (such as the BBC's World At War) do not own, nor does it mean that their value as a primary source is the least important. valuable. They are expertly made, and after recently buying some used DVDs at a discount store, I have come across the opportunity to select a free DVD with my purchase. I chose Goodtimes's four DVD DVDs collection. <br /> <br /> Rarely something so valuable was worth it. Although there are no extras on the DVDs, and the quality of the sound of the copies varies, these films provide insight into the minds of Americans two-thirds of a century ago when racism was evident (as in many Warner Brothers wartime classics). caricatures of the time), and there was nothing wrong with blatant distortion of facts. The seven films, produced between 1942 and 1945, are Prelude To War, The Nazis Strike, Divide and Conquer, The Battle of Britain, The Battle of Russia, The Battle of China and the War in the Americas. In general, the film series is worth watching, not only for the obvious reasons, but for the subtle things it reveals, such as the use of the plural for terms like X millions when referring to dollars, instead of the modern singular. or the most commonly used graphic throughout the series - a Japanese sword piercing the center of Manchuria. However, it also shows the complexities of trying to apply past patterns to today's wars. The lesson of World War I (avoiding foreign embarrassment) was not applicable to World War II, whose very lesson (early action against dictatorships) was not applicable in the three major wars the United States has waged since then: Korea, Vietnam, or Iraq. The fact that a large part of this series oscillates about the uncertainties of the times in which it was made only emphasizes its historical value in the present times of obstruction of information. It may not help you separate the truth from the lies and propaganda of today, but at least you will realize that you are not the first to be in such a tenuous position, nor will it be the last.
