This is a great action movie fun in my opinion, with cool characters, lots of action and an incredible performance from Dolph Lundgren, however, Alex Karzis is horrible as the villain!. The story is very good, and I found the kids to be kinder for the most part, plus Dolph Lundgren is simply amazing in this! The action scenes are excellent, and it's almost like Die Hard except that it's set in a school !, In addition, Kata Dobó is very menacing and sexy as the helper! The ending is very exciting, and it has some cool emotional moments as well !, but I just wish there was another villain, because Alex Karzis simply did not cut him as the OTT villain, and laughable to my liking. That should be bigger than 4.1 in my opinion, since I thought it was a great action movie, and while the kids were very stupid at times, they were pretty clever while the movie went along! And the shootings were cool too ! The ending is a lot of fun, and the Corey Sevier character was my favorite student!, And Dolph still made it! This is a great action movie fun in my opinion, with cool characters, lots of action and an incredible performance from Lundgren !, but Alex Karzis is horrible as the villain, yet I recommend this one! The direction is very good!. Sidney J. Furie does a pretty good job here with great camera work, good angles and keeping the movie at a very fast pace! There is a little blood and violence. We have many extremely bloody gunshot wounds, a knife on the side of the head, bloody arrows, a impalement, and other minor things. The acting is fantastic! Dolph Lundgren is incredible as always, and he is incredible here, he is extremely nice, kicks his ass as usual, had great chemistry with the kids, had an incredible character, is very charismatic, and he may not have shown a great emotional fury , he was still a lot of fun to watch !, he's one of my favorite actors! (Lundgren Rules !!!!!). Alex Karzis is horrible as the villain, he is ridiculously OTT, was annoying, and not threatening, he also bothered me. Kata Dobó is very sexy as the side kick and did well with what she had to do, she was the real villain in my opinion!. Corey Sevier is funny like Mick, he was my favorite student, and I really started getting used to him in the second half, I really liked him! He had a good chemistry with Dolph as well. Dov Tiefenbach (Willy), Chris Collins (Hogie), Mpho Koaho (Jay Tee), Danielle Hampton (Alicia) and Nicole Dicker (Charlee) are great as students. Jennifer Baxter is very cute and good as the bride. rest of the cast does well. Overall I highly recommend this! *** 1/2 of 5
