Jeopardy is a tense and satisfying thriller, a cut above a B, but not a great production. It qualifies as almost an experimental film, as the studio that produced it, Metro, was desperately searching for recent types of movies, stars and directors to compete with the then-new television medium. The director, John Sturges, was a newcomer whose best years were to come. He had just started directing A-level movies and had already proven himself to be a more capable craftsman. Stars Barbara Stanwyck, Barry Sullivan and Ralph Meeker, were in very different phases of their careers. Stanwyck's years of glory were behind her, and yet she could still carry a movie, as she proves here. Barry Sullivan, as her husband, was one of about a dozen leaders who started out in movies in the 1940s that never achieved the success that many expected for him. He was a good, discrete, balanced actor, but in a superior and not superior medium, which made him excellent in professional roles. Like the fugitive convict, who is the only person around who can save Sullivan's life (he is trapped under a pier and the tide is rising), Ralph Meeker is more energetic than normal. This excellent actor had the misfortune of having gone to films after Brando and Clift. He was on his way as good an actor as any of them, but he lacked charisma. Her negotiation with Stanwyck, which boils down to her demanding sex in return for saving her husband (only by implication since it is 1953), creates an intriguing premise that if this had been a different kind of film, everyone could have raised them all the types. of interesting questions about Stanwyck's character. Meeker is indeed a more exciting character than Sullivan; and in his scenes with him Stanwyck is more excited than she is with her husband and son. But as it is a figure of formula, not of a play by Strindberg, the possibility that Stanwyck wants to have an affair - leaving aside the question of the situation of the husband - remains unexplored. In this sense, the tide does not have the desired effect, although the film remains tense and highly entertaining thanks to excellent acting, excellent location photography, almost everything outdoors and excellent direction by the regrettably underrated mr. Sturges
