Here's an excellent double project by Barbara Stanwyck on a disc. The first movie - and believe me, the younger of the two - is MGM's "To Please a Lady" (1950), in which she is paired with Clark Gable. It is essentially a star vehicle with Gable, as usual, dominating the film with its presence on the screen. Here he plays a macho race driver who gets a bad press from the feminist reporter Stanwyck and begins the battle of the sexes. Of course, after a lot of noise they end up in each other's arms and everything comes to a predictable and pleasant end. A bit of a movement really fluff, but Gable and Stanwyck - two icons of the Golden Age - make it watchable! <br /> <br /> But the real flesh on this DVD is the second feature - a wonderful and rather unknown little thriller called JEOPARDY. Produced by MGM in 1953, this is a wonderful little gem of a movie that has not come out at all! Here Stanwyck plays the wife of Barry Sullivan and mother of his son Lee Aaker vacationing on a deserted and remote Mexican beach when suddenly the tragedy strikes. A dilapidated wooden pier collapses holding Sullivan under a heavy pole and guesses? Yes, the tide is coming. Without a soul in sight and unable to free him, Stanwyck sets off for help. After walking some distance, the only help she can receive comes from an unscrupulous fugitive convict (Ralph Meeker) who - in exchange for her help - wants more of her money or change of clothes ("I'll do anything to save my husband Meeker runs off with the photo! It turns into a brilliant performance! Once he enters the movie, you just can not take his eyes off him! actor in the fiery style of Brando, he has surprisingly never made much of his career in films.Although he acted splendidly as the disgusting and disgraced cavalry officer of Mann / Stewart's remarkable "Naked Spur" (1953) and as one of the The only real claim to fame was Mike Hammer in Mickey Spillane's "Kiss Me Deadly" in 1955. His performance in "Jeopardy" should have done so. wonders for him, but he only had one career more or less in the movies. He died in 1988. Due to this release, "Jeopardy" can now proudly take its rightful place as a classic noir. A memorable thriller, tense and thrilling, thanks to excellent performances, accurate direction by John Sturges, the monochromatic cinematography of Victor Milner and the atmosphere of Dimitri Tiomkin. Extras, however, are not major shakes except for a radio version of "Jeopardy" and trailers for both films. <br /> <br /> This album is also part of a box set by Barbara Stanwyck celebrating her centennial. Hard to believe you'd be over 100 if you were still around! <br /> <br /> JEOPARDY - an MGM winner!
