When I really started to get interested in movies, when I was eleven, I had a big list of films that I could not miss and went to Blockbuster and rented two or three for the weekend; some of them were not for everyone and my mother went crazy. I remember one of the movies on the list was "A Chorus Line" and I never got it; Now, to see, it's a dream come true. <br /> <br /> Of course I lost the list and would do anything to get it back, because I think there were some really cool things to watch there. I mean, get "A Chorus Line," a play turned into a movie. I know it's something we see a lot these days, but back then it was a little different, apparently; and this movie has something special. <br /> <br /> Most of the musicals made movies today, enjoy the chance that the camera gives for free, to create different scenarios and take the characters to different places; "A Chorus Line" was born on a theater stage as a play and dies in the same place as a movie. After a large audition performed by renowned choreographer Zach (Michael Douglas), Richard Atenborough runs a large number of dancers while they try to get the job. <br /> <br /> Everything happens on the same day: the tension of not knowing, the stress of having to learn the numbers, the silent competition between the dancers and all this occurs on the stage, where Douglas puts each dancer in the center of the attentions and makes them talk about their personal lives and their most horrible experiences. There are hundreds of dancers and they are all fantastic, but the list shortens as the hours pass. Like a movie I recently saw, "A Prairie Home Companion," the broadcast of a radio show, Atenborough here deals with the problem of continuity. On or behind the stage, things are happening and time does not seem to stop. Again, I do not do Atenborough cut too much to film this, but it sure does not look like; and anyway it's a great job of directing and editing (John Bloom). But on this small stage, what do you imagine is what to do with the camera? With just one set-up, Ronnie Taylor's cinematography finds its way, making closes for certain characters, zooming in and out, showing the stage from different perspectives and also giving us a beautiful view of New York. <br /> <br /> At a crucial moment, Douglas says to those who remain, "Before we begin to eliminate: you are fantastic and I would like to hire you all, but I can not." That made me think of reality shows today where the only thing that counts is the talent of singing or dancing and where the jury always says the exact words to competitors before some of them are coming out (even when they are not good). It is difficult, you must imagine; at least here, where they are all really incredible. To tell some of the stories, the characters use songs and, in a second, the stage gains a new life and is literally a dream. realizing'. The music of Marvin Hamlisch and the lyrics of Edward Kleban make the theater to film the transition without fail, showing the feelings of these dancers and letting them do those wonderful choreographies of Michael Bennett. The book in the theater also becomes a flawless and very short script by Arnold Schulman; which is very touching at times. So if it is not with a song, it will be with a word; but in "A Chorus Line", it is impossible not to move. <br /> <br /> During one of the interruptions in the audition, Cassie, a special dancer played by Alyson Reed, takes the stage to convince the Douglas character. that she can do it. The words "Let me dance for you" never sounded more honest and more beautiful in music and lyrics.
