I do not agree with one of the reviewers who compared this movie to American International Pictures. Basil Deardon directed a brutally realistic film with an honest attempt to portray the rise of juvenile delinquency in postwar England (but without the Blackboard Jungle sentimentality). The cinematography was excellent, as it really captured the fear and isolation of the immense housing complex. The property looked like an old prison. Stanley Baker was excellent as the hardened detective, transferred to the youth division - "urgent, urgent - theft - five frozen popsicles" !!!! He thinks he's the target of many jokes. David McCallum showed that he was one of Britain's greatest young talent in the 1950s. (He played a very different role in another Stanley Baker movie, "Hell Drivers"). His portrait of Johnny and the fanaticism he inspired was very scary. Ann Heywood was also very good as the cynical Cathie. I would not say there was a romantic subplot in it. <br /> <br /> Detective Jack Truman is investigating a series of incendiary attacks by someone labeled "Firefly." Just as he finds evidence that could lead to a breakthrough, he is assigned to the Juvenile Division - he is very disgusted with what he feels is not proper police work. Amidst all the complaints, he gets his first call - the six-year-old Murphy twins are working a scam at local lollipop stores! Taking the twins home, he meets his brother, the charismatic Johnny, and his embittered sister Cathie. He begins to appreciate how life in dire quarters can turn young people into criminals. By becoming more involved with the family, he realizes that there is a strong connection between the fires, Johnny and a frightened Chinese young man working for a laundry. The local priest (Peter Cushing in an unusual role, far from the horrors of the hammer) explains that when Johnny was younger, he rescued some people from a burning building and was considered a hero. He wanted to recapture the sense of importance and be helpful and felt that he could light bonfires. The school fencing was filmed in a very real way and the viewer felt the children's fear - the teacher (thinking only of her own safety) flees and locks the person in the room with the frightened gunslinger !!!! <br /> <br /> I thought it was really a great movie that tried to show some of the social problems that Britain experienced after the war. <br /> <br /> Highly Recommended.
