This film was the first British teen film to address the reality of the violent rock and roll society, rather than being a lucid parody of teenage life in the 1950s. In an attempt to celebrate the work of Liverpool's Junior Liaisons, opening title indicates that 92% of potential offenders, who were treated under this scheme, did not commit a second crime. However, this becomes merely a pretext for the following adolescent drama until the epilogue of the film, where we are instructed that we should not feel responsible or lament for these delinquents, however confused they may seem. <br /> <br /> Stanley Baker plays a tough detective who reluctantly takes up the position of juvenile liaison officer. This hard-boiled character is a typical Baker role. Having been currently on the runway of a notorious arsonist known as the firefly and does not enjoy the distraction of the transfer. However, as in all good police dramas, he is led into a full circle by a remarkable turnaround of events, back to his original investigation. <br /> <br /> The first case takes him to the home of two small children, Mary and Patrick Murphy (played by the duo of brothers and sisters of real life), who committed a petty theft. Here he meets Cathie (portrayed satisfactorily by Anne Heywood) his older sister with whom he eventually gets romantically involved. It becomes quickly obvious that the miserable environment of such properties in the city center is a breeding ground for juvenile delinquency. <br /> <br /> The older brother of the Murphy family, Johnny, is the leader of a rock and roll gang. bandits McCallum makes a twist as the Americanized mestizo boy, who owes more to Marlon Brando, than any previous British star. One is reminded of Brando's character, Johnny, from "The Wild One," who led a gang of rebellious motorcyclists, just as the movie "Johnny" leads his gang. Fortunately, the preaching of previous Dramas of Dearden's crime, such as "The Blue Lamp," are not so apparent. Instead, we are introduced to several well-drawn characters on both sides of the law as the delinquent drama and the romantic interest between Heywood and Baker take center stage. <br /> <br /> The plot, although sometimes predictable. , makes some memorable scenes. The disruptive influence that rock and roll music was thought to have unfolded in a scene in which Johnny abandoned himself to music, leading a threatening advance over the police sergeant. The most exciting film is the climactic scene in which a group of school children, including Mary and Patrick, are held hostage by Johnny. Obviously, in the light of the real-life Dumblaine massacre, this scene looks terrifying. Understandably because of this, the film is rarely shown or available to the modern public.
