A few years ago, satellite channel U.K. Gold promoted "Men Behaving Badly" replays with the exaggeration: "Here it is, the original screen-sharing sitcom!". That was indeed false. "Man About The House" was also a shared comedy and ran from 1973 to 1976. It was a creation of Johnnie Mortimer and Brian Cooke, creators of the popular series "Father Dear Father." When it was over, they decided they wanted to do something more in harmony with the times. In the first episode, Chrissy (Paula Wilcox) and Jo (Sally Thomsett) are tidying up their Myddleton Terrace apartment after a wild party when they meet a man in his bath. He is Robin Tripp (Richard O'Sullivan), a culinary student from Southampton, with no fixed residence. While his clothes dry, he wears a feminine robe and prepares a meal. They are so impressed with their cooking skills that they invite you to stay. But there must be no dishonest business. So Robin has to pretend to be gay ... In BBC-2's 'I Love 1973', shown in 2000, Julie Burchill claimed that 'House' showed her a way of life that she envied. She was not alone. One of the most iconic images (for me anyway) of 1970s British television was Sally Thomsett leaving the London subway carrying an umbrella, and a "blind" man doing a double check while his fumbling butt passed. A man who lived with two girls was an unseemly affair for the time, but Mrs. Whitehouse did not need to get hot under the collar, it was innocent and good-natured fun. Mortimer and Cooke's scripts were as close as they could get to the edge without crossing it. <br /> <br /> Richard O'Sullivan was still playing 'Bingham' in 'Doctor In Charge' from I.T.V. when it started. In fact, the second run of 'In Charge' coincided with the first of 'House'. He was born to play the crazy Robin for sex. Paula Wilcox's "Chrissy" was more sensual than "Beryl," her character she portrayed in "The Lovers," while Sally Thomsett's "Jo" was a lovely silly blonde. As time passed, he became almost like an older brother to them. <br /> <br /> For many viewers, Brian Murphy and Yootha Joyce stole the show as Ropers at war. George had lost interest in sex, but Mildred had not. They went on to their own show - aptly titled "George & Mildred." The late Doug Fisher was a good value, as Larry, Robin's great friend. It worked so well that it was turned into regular. <br /> <br /> Within a year of its debut, there was the inevitable spin-off of the film. I'm not a big fan of the movie 'Man About The House' because I think it was stretched to fit on the big screen. Most of his characters never appeared in the series. <br /> <br /> The format was sold to the United States, where it became the long-running 'Three's Company', starring John Ritter and Suzanne Somers. It was much more suggestive than the British original, with Somers often seen in sexy clothes. After six seasons, 'House' ended with Chrissy marrying Robin's older brother, Norman (Norman Eshley). The fans were devastated to see Robin not getting the girl he loved, but there was some consolation in the fact that he also got his own show - Robin's Nest.
