This is an excellent movie, very original and creative, with great twists and wonderful performances!. All the characters are great, and the story, though bizarre, is fascinating and very interesting, plus Nicole Kidman is just amazing at it! It's very difficult to describe this movie, because it's really bizarre, it's a comedy / novel, a minute later it turns into a thriller the next day, but it was still a lot of fun, plus Nicole's Russian accent was fantastic, and extremely convincing. Chaplin and Kidman had very good chemistry together, and I loved the performance of Vincent Cassel !, and some of the plot twists really took me by surprise! The ending was really cute, and it 's unpredictable everywhere !, and this movie is also quite underrated! You'll feel sorry for Chaplin and the way he's fooled, and I found that all the characters were really lovely, plus the ending was especially good. This is Nicole's movie, and she carries it with her incredibly sexy performance! This is a great movie, which is very original and creative, with great twists and wonderful performances !, I highly recommend this! The direction is very good!. Jez Butterworth does a pretty good job here with excellent camera work, solid angles and keeping the movie at a brisk pace!. The acting is wonderful! Nicole Kidman is incredibly beautiful, and she is amazing as always, she is incredibly sexy, very friendly, had one of the coolest accents, added a lot of presence, had very good chemistry with Ben Chaplin, and had a very mysterious character! She was incredible. (Kidman Rules !!!!) Ben Chaplin is great here, he's extremely nice, he's got a cool character, very good chemistry with Kidman, the one thing I did not like was his taking Kidman's anger, even though that she did was wrong, and I loved how he got his revenge in the end!. Vincent Cassel is fantastic as the main villain, yes he was OTT but he was very intense and quite scary, sometimes that role was perfect for him. Mathieu Kassovitz is right here, but he did not have much to do. The rest of the cast is fine. Overall I highly recommend this! *** 1/2 of 5
