I recommend this movie! And I will certainly personally recommend it to my friends and family here and abroad! It was with enthusiastic anticipation that I just ordered it online, I really enjoyed it! It does not leave until February / March 2008, but it will be worth the wait! But first go and see the movies if you can. There's nothing like the Cinema-Experience of a movie made in cinema! Insist that your local cinema puts it! I went to see 'Seachd, the Inaccessible Pinnacle' tonight, here in London, and I was really impressed. It's a wonder: a truly beautiful film set in the Highlands of Scotland: you will laugh, you will cry, you will be moved in different ways, you will be intrigued, and as the story within the stories is revealed, you will be amazed at this revelation . <br /> <br /> This film is in Scottish Gaelic with English subtitles, but do not let it depress you if you're not a Gaelic speaker: I'm just getting started, and my son is not, and not many people there today night, and it did not spoil for us anyway! Superlatives are not enough! The picture is great - there is no CGI here, and the movie is better for it - here you have the real picture! The script is so subtly and subtly written. The multi-layered plot weaves the magical art of the old storytellers. Music is sometimes exciting, sometimes astonishing, but always adding to the atmospheric environment. And the acting? ... is to be seen ... and the actors? ... they are the real weavers of this delightful but profound film, particularly the two main actors, 'Padruig-the-young' and 'Padruig-the-elder'. a very heavy load! And the direction? Be careful, Richard! And the producer, responsible for raising funds, hiring key employees and arranging for distributors? A job well done! I hope you make sure that the distribution is sent to our overseas communities! And the Gaelic community? Uill, without you it could not have happened! We were told that this movie was done on a low budget, but you do not know, and I think it may be because, from what they might have lacked in money, they more than made up for the wealth of heart. and the warmth and cooperation of the local Scottish Gaelic community. <br /> <br /> A sincere thanks to all those interested in the creation and sponsorship of 'Seachd' - Mòran taing! (Thank you!) From the Gaelic to the world! From the world to the Gaelic!
