I read most of the reviews here. I have come to the conclusion that almost everyone agrees that September 11 is a shocking story. There are some who think that the added narrative is weak and I agree that the narrative is weak and unnecessary. About two brothers meeting back after the disaster and cliff hook over Tony. But I do not think narration is unnecessary. Like many theorists, I think our own lives are narratives. We are living and doing our own autobiography. So if we tell about our lives, this is always in the form of narration. We do not summarize facts like: Birth, Childhood, High School, etc. We create a story about our life. <br /> <br /> Because we are familiar with the stories, we want to put the story into a story as well. Because in the form of a story we can identify ourselves. We can better understand the things that happened in history when told in the form of a story. So that's the purpose of adding a story in the documentary. The story is weak, so be it, but we understand what is happening. If it was me outside, I would be very worried about my brother. <br /> <br /> And the second point, making a blockbuster movie about it. It is true that the creation of a great film about September 11 has been recent. However, there have been a few on the subject, but none of them like this documentary. But what if there is a movie in 5 years? I agree that it is wrong to try to make a lot of money with 9/11. But I also agree that movies are one of the best ways to tell the story. How many movies about World War II did we see? If I had not seen these movies, my view of WW would be totally different. I remember seeing the Schindler List and I cried for an hour during class. The films give a good picture of the things that happened in history and, although it is fiction, it contributes to the memory of disasters and casualties. <br /> <br /> So, my point: telling stories is not always bad, makes us identify with the story and makes us never forget what happened.
