An incredible documentary captured all the chaos and misery that hung over New York on that fateful morning of September 11. Intense, personal and completely fascinating, September 11 is perhaps the greatest documentary ever made by chance, which gives it an even greater appeal. Until that morning, filmmakers Gideon and Jules Naudet were accompanying a New York fire brigade, focusing specifically on a new recruit in a small article they were filming dealing with the rigorous training to become firefighters. Off with the crew that morning filming yet another simple routine cleaning, Jules lifts the camera to the sky in time to record one of the only known images of the first plane that hit the World Trade Center, and from then on a simple documentary was no longer . Viewers are given a first description of what it was like to be around ground zero, as the incredible fire brigade and a deeply disoriented cameraman try to deal with this disaster. Without hesitation, Naudet follows these automatically programmed heroes to the tower while all the support crumbles around them. The crass fear of an unknown and impending misfortune lurks with greater viability than any fictitious production could imagine, as we observe ever less audible and visible to those who are trapped within it. Almost as memorable is the candid capture of an entire city of older brother Gideon in the crowds of a greater and more palpable fear than anything they have witnessed collectively. When we get to see the second tower collapse, while the camera operator protects himself from the apocalyptic wreckage, we should be rinsing the dirt of ourselves from the incredibly close images captured. <br /> <br /> Of course, the filmmakers deserve as much credit as being in the right place at the right time to document such an extraordinary event, though one can only admire the two brothers in their extraordinary adaptation to such an event; in a few desperate minutes, we witnessed them becoming like firemen documenting - just instead of saving lives they knew they had to save images, even if it cost them their own safety. After seeing 9/11 and seeing that it came out in 2002, I feel much more resentful of the recent surrender of Oliver Stone, the great World Trade Center. Many have criticized the film for ignorantly ignoring the focus of those two survivors trapped in rubble, and although I enjoyed the film a lot because of the small, sentimental Hollywood focus it brought, September 11 virtually renders its film completely obsolete. This recording is not only definitely the only definitive collection of that day, but the sublime transfer of motifs in the middle of the way ensures that this documentary has all the heart and character to never again sensationalise the event.
