To summarize this documentary in a nutshell is almost impossible. Every fiber in your body says that this is not happening from the first montage of fast pictures, to the last cleaning scene in Ground Zero, but every frame is real. The story was invented by two French brothers who live in New York. Jules (28) and Gideon (31) Naudet (pronounced "Nau-day") want to make a documentary about the New York Firemen, starting with a "rookie" academy and following him through the probationary period of nine months to complete firefighter feathered. Seeking help from his close friend, actor James Hanlon (36), an actor and firefighter on Season 1, Engine 7, the Naudets sift through Probies at the gym and find one, Tony Benetakos to focus on most of his documentary Tony becomes the target of jokes and slowly learns the pros and cons of life at the station through the members of this united family. Firefighters have a superstition about "Probies." It is that they are "White Clouds" or "Black Clouds", which means that, with the latter, all types of fires follow the "Probie". The first means that very little fire activity follows, but one day, there will be the mother of all fires. Tony is a "white cloud." After some initial pains in growth, Tony sets up in the barracks as if he were an experienced veteran. Then the unthinkable takes place ... September 11, 2001 begins with a clear blue sky and an early morning call to go and see about an alleged gas leak not far from Wall Street. As Jules had little experience on the camera, Gideon hands over a camera to his younger brother and tells him to hang out with the boss, T. K. Pfeiffer. Arriving at 8:42, firefighters begin to use their gas detectors on a grid. Then the sudden roar of what appears to be a low-flying plane passes through the scene, and when Jules leans up, we see the first attack of the day. American Airlines Flight 11 hits the face of the North Tower of 1 World Trade. Pfeiffer sends his men to the fire truck and they go to the World Trade Center. Once there, Jules asks to accompany the boss in the tower. Pfeiffer tells Naudet to stay close to him. Once inside, the full impact of the growing disaster begins to appear on the faces of men whose sole purpose is to save lives. <br /> <br /> Gideon Naudet decides to leave the fire department and walk to the impact area. Once there, he captures the impact of the second plane, Flight 175 of United Airlines, with 2 World Trade. He knows Jules is with Chief Pfeiffer inside the towers. Watching and capturing the reaction of the crowds to the unthinkable, Gideon begins capturing the growing fear in Lower Manhattan. Inside the tower one, Jules records the last view of the world, or his loved ones will have their children, parents, uncles, grandfathers, husbands, boyfriends, friends as one by one, each fireman, carrying 60 pounds of equipment start the long and arduous rise to 80 stories to rescue the wounded and prisoners. Jules also gets the last glimpse that boss Pfeiffer will take of his brother, Kevin, as he leaves to do his selfless duty. Also captured in video is the gutwrenching sound of falling bodies reaching pavement of victims choosing to jump from the upper floors above the impact zones, sooner than face death in the hands of flames and smoke. But Jules is respectful, never captures a sensational moment ... the money shot. His work is professional through his baptism of fire. He also detects debris falling from tower two after being hit by the second plane and by the orderly manner as firefighters evacuated civilians from the building. Then Jules is caught in the collapse of the south tower and the first official victim is taken: Father Michael Judd, the chaplain of the fire department. Then, when Jules and Chief Pfeiffer head for the aftermath of the collapse of Tower Two, Tower 1 begins its structural collapse. <br /> <br /> The result is a breathtaking and poignant view from within Ground Zero, while Jules and Gideon work separately to document that day. Not knowing if either is alive, each fearing the worst. When each firefighter arrives at the barracks, they greet each other with joyful hugs for being able to return. And in a moment of overwhelming emotion, Jules and Gideon are reunited. As Jules weeps on his brother's shoulder, Gideon hugs his younger brother as Hanlon makes the subject of the filmmakers. There is a moment of fear when it is believed that Tony Benetakos, who left the station with a former chief, was lost ... but returns to the fold, this "Probie" proved himself. <br /> <br /> With only three interruptions, September 11 is an impressive achievement in documentary filmmaking. He's up there with the footage of Hindenburg showing the story as it unfolds. Naudets should be praised for their skilful manipulation of the subject. In smaller hands, the trend would be toward the sensational, but the Naudets temper their eyes toward dignity and compassion. Narrated by Hanlon, we get the feel of his words as he leads the audience through the events of September 11. Robert De Niro hosts the program in a dark and restrained way. He never looks for the camera to his own glory; on the contrary, it exposes the scenes that you are about to see. I also commend CBS for its bravery while displaying this special. Chastised by their attempt to grab ratings, they temper their edition to the emotions of the relatives of those who perished. This is a must see for anyone who needs to be reminded of what true heroism is. It's not about dribbling a basketball, or selling an album of hate letters ... 9/11 is about humankind at its best. Heroism at its best and the cost of freedom. <br /> <br />
