My roommate bought this documentary and invited me to watch with her. She's from China and she only heard a lot about September 11 and wanted to know the hard cold truth and she wanted me to tell her more after the documentary. I felt terrible watching this documentary, it was like reviving the nightmare and it still brings tears to my eyes. <br /> <br /> But I am extremely grateful to have watched this documentary because on September 11, I'm sure we all remember where we were and what we were doing when we heard, we all could only think of certain questions: "Why?" "How?" "What's happening?" "Oh, my God!" Almost all Americans were grateful for the brave firefighters and police officers who risked their lives to save others. But I do not think we think about what they were really going through. In fact, it was not to be a September 11 documentary, the cameraman was filming a typical day at work and they were just a few blocks from the World Trade Center and had everything, outside and in. On September 11, I thought to myself "All right, the cops and firefighters will be able to save the people who survived." To be honest, I thought it was an accident, I was in my first year of high school and moving to the gym and getting ready to go to my science class. Someone came into the locker room shouting, "A building just got bombed in New York!" We all dressed quickly and ran to our classrooms as we watched the first tower lit on TV. Not just 15 seconds later, live on TV, the second plane crashes at the other World Trade Center and we know that this was not an accident. A few minutes later, we heard about the Pentagon and there was a plane to Chicago, but it was shot down. So many thoughts went through our heads and I kept thinking, "What will the firemen and police do?" But it's a procedure for them, I thought, they'll know what to do. <br /> <br /> The first tower collapsed, we knew that, many lives were gone, the second tower fell, things never would have been. Those firefighters in this documentary showed courage, confusion and strength, the real raw human emotions. They did not know what to do, they were as scared as the other people in the towers. They heard the bodies collapse on the floor of people jumping through the windows. And here I was in a classroom crying watching everything that was happening on TV. I was impressed by this movie and just wanted to go to New York and tell them how much all Americans were grateful for their help. I know they feel like they're just doing their job, but they did more, they were heroes. Every day after September 11, for 3 weeks, they kept digging knowing there were no survivors, but they kept waiting and praying. May God bless your kind and courageous hearts. <br /> <br /> As for my roommate, she was crying and admitted that this was her first time crying with these attacks. She came to see the truth of what happened on that tragic day. She asked "Why?" I did not know what to say, it breaks my heart that people can be so bad. "It sounds like a clique, but it was a normal day for everyone," one of the firefighters said in the documentary. No one expected this to happen. Not so, those people in the World Trade Centers or the Pentagon or the planes that were kidnapped, they were just doing their job, they happened to be there, or even they were just there for a second pass. They were not only murdered, they were massacred, and those hijackers did this with a song in their hearts. So, seeing in the Middle East all the people celebrating, why do people do it? They celebrated the death and loss of: mothers, fathers, sisters, brothers, friends, grandparents, aunts, uncles, cousins, etc. Because? <br /> <br /> So thanks to these people for making this documentary. You really think of firefighters, police and troops in Iraq and keep your hope that there are good people in this world. Thank you to all these people, you are our heroes. <br /> <br /> 10/10
