I was one of many who expected to see a glorious portrait of a day that (as famously quoted) should live in infamy, not glory. How wrong I was. These guys were there, right in the middle of it, and the photos they returned are incredible and moving. And yet it all happened on a trip to the world trade center on September 11, 2001. <br /> <br /> Two French filmmakers were compiling a documentary on life as a NY firefighter, particularly from a young man's perspective noob. up the ranks. At first, we see many of these scenes, just to remind us that there was no way to think of producing a movie about terrorism. The goal was to be a movie about ordinary people who earn an honest living by helping others, and the beauty of the movie is that it never loses that advantage. While investigating a suspect gas line (I think, my memory is a bit confusing with that), we suddenly heard an airplane fly over. The camera bends to reveal a commercial jet torpedoing into one of the towers. What should the videographer be thinking at the moment? Recognizing the importance of the footage the camera stays on, and possibly doing the same thing, the FDNY allows the camera to accompany them to the building. <br /> <br /> What follows is a true view of the front lines. We see the commitment of the FDNY, their reactions (the silence stunned after hearing the first person fall to death is creepy) as well as the collapse of one of the buildings inside, while a second camera captures the events of If not for the horrible event they were covering, the pictures alone would be the dream of any young doco-maker. Quite simply, the film deserves to be preserved for all time. But what really sets this movie apart is the genuine humanity it brings to the viewer. We see the firemen coming in without hesitation, people of different races helping each other escape the waves of debris and even the concern of the filmmakers for each other (they are brothers), since they can not reach each other in the confusion. There are incredible scenes, as well as incredible human stories in this movie, something that Hollywood could never duplicate (even if it's trying). <br /> <br /> September 11 is not a movie about politics. Nor is it a movie about religion, nationality or even jihad for that matter. 9/11 is a film about people and a true indication of the best and the worst that we are capable of. September 11 is simply one of the most important movies I have ever seen, and it would be the only movie to be born of this event if it were up to me. You can not duplicate this.
