Super-slick entertainment with a stellar cast, an excellent screenplay and a firm grip on the approaching 1950's. At the time, the RKO was creating classic dozens of dozens. But whatever the value of these shadowy downers, they soon reflected a climate of war to give way to the sunniest climates of the Eisenhower era. Few films from the late 1940s are further from the noir cycle or more attuned to the next decade of consumption than this cheeky little comedy. <br /> Jim Blandings (Cary Grant) works as an advertiser on Madison Avenue. . where in the words of his little girl - he sells things to people they do not need, at prices they can not afford. He's making a lot of money, but like thousands of others, he's tired of living in a tight urban "cave." Then, with wife Myrnah Loy, they attack the house of their dreams inside the countryside of Connecticutt. Needless to say, in the arms of nature, they earn more than expected and hilariously. <br /> <br /> There is not a lifeless line in the whole script. I do not know if the writers Panama and Frank received an Oscar, but they should have it. Of course, the humor revolves around all the problems that arise when the people of the city build a large house on rural land. The hassles pile up almost as quickly as mortgages, with all the eccentric types running the construction show and giving Grant a hard time. Of course, no one carries boredom or frustration more humorously than Grant, so it's just a good laugh behind the other, particularly when the locked cabinet seems to have a hellish mind of its own. Strangely, however, the film does not seem to have a comic high point. Instead, the laughter is spaced so skillfully that it does not reach the peak at any particular point. This is a true cinematic triumph for any era. <br /> <br /> Coming back 60 years later, we can see how dexterously the ideas of the script look forward, not backwards. With her maid, the Blandings may not be a typical American family, but post-war migration from cramped cities to spacious suburbs was typical. And what a more suggestive job for future consumerism than Blandings as "ad-man" tasked with finding more attractive ways to sell more "ham." Most of all, however, there is the sunny optimism of the film. Oh, of course, the feeling fails at times, but the belief that a better future is on the horizon, if the Blandings stick to the dream, leads them forward. In fact, life would improve for many people during the next increase, so I hope the film resonated deeply with the audience of the day. It's that easily visible subtext, along with the sheer value of entertainment, that makes this film a key comedy of the postwar period. <br /> <br /> So if you have not seen it yet, get it. the next time.
