Coinciding with the onset of the baby boom, the years after World War II saw an unprecedented exodus of Americans stepping out of their urban apartments into the suburbs where they could realize their dreams of owning their own homes. Directed by H.C. Potter and co-written by Norman Panama and Melvin Frank ("White Christmas"), this light and surprisingly observant comedy of 1948 captures very well the feel of that period. Of course, does this help have a trio of farceurs experts? Cary Grant, Myrna Loy and a particularly bitter Melvyn Douglas? lead the process with his natural sympathy at odds with the growing frustrations of home ownership. Although the film is now sixty years old, there is a timeless quality in the Blandings dream and the barriers they face in reaching it. Obviously Hollywood has been thinking like that ever since it was remade at least twice - first as a very physical Tom Hanks comedy, "The Money Pit" 1986, and again last year with "Are We Done Yet?" From Ice Cube. A look at HGTV's programming will show how the situations explored here still resonate today. <br /> <br /> The plot begins with publicist Jim Blandings, his wife Muriel and their two daughters squeezed into a bedroom with two bathrooms. Manhattan apartment. Instead of following Muriel's idea of ​​renovating the apartment for $ 7,000, Jim sees a picture of a Connecticut home in a magazine and realizes that's where they need to move. With the help of an opportunistic real estate agent and against the advice of his lawyer and family friend, Bill Cole, the Blandings decide to buy a house in ruins that needs to be repaired. However, the foundation sinks so much that the house needs to be demolished in favor of a new one. This causes Blandings to force the architect to design a house so excessive that the second floor is twice as large as the first. The costs rise with each new complication, the moods intensify and even a romantic triangle is imagined between Jim, Muriel and Bill. The priorities finally resolve, but not before some funny scenes and clever dialogues that distort the not-so-happy ignorance of the new owners. With his double dose and impeccable line delivery, Grant is infallible in this type of farce, and Jim Blandings synthesizes his most tame characters in the middle of his career. In a role originally intended for Irene Dunne, Myrna Loy shows why she was the perfect wife of Hollywood. She does not get many of the funniest lines but combines her special blend of flight and sauciness to make Muriel a compelling character on her own. Watch her deftly maneuver the overly nice painter with her absurdly idiosyncratic color palette. As avuncular, Bill smoking pipe ("Cole" Bill Cole), Melvyn Douglas shows off his natural, easy-going élan as Grant's sheet. Small roles are skillfully filled with Harry Shannon's particularly memorable turns as the laconic well-digger Mr. Tesander, Lurene Tuttle as the official assistant to Jim Mary, and Louise Beavers as the kindly maid of Blandings Gussie.The 2004 DVD provides intriguing vintage material, including two radio versions of the film - the first 1949 version that eventually pair Grant and Dunne and then a second 1950 version engaging Grant with his then wife, actress Betsy Drake. One of the most appropriate cartoon of 1949, "The House of Tomorrow", is also included, giving us a ride comic from a futuristic dream house. The original ten classic trailers from the Grant movie complete the extras.
