Keko Mask by Japanese Tomo Akiyama (1993) is an extremely entertaining and fun movie to watch! There are also some sequences, but I have not seen them since these films are extremely rare. Some kind of re-release someday would be cool, since I think a lot of junkies would like those movies. The language story is about an extremely rigorous school in which teachers feel that it is okay to torture students for discipline, which is, according to teachers, the most important thing in education. The school is led by an incredibly funny look (just look at the costume!) Human magician / whatever it is like the school principal, and this only increases the camping that is never explained why he wears such a suit from all other teachers are perfectly dressed normally. Well, the main thing about the movie is its name, Keko Mask, which is a beautiful and masked fairy, which always comes to save the girls and students who are abused and tortured by the teachers! Yes, this superhero is an effective woman as she kicks and fights against evil teachers with a totally tacky soundtrack playing in the background. Most important, of course, is that she wears nothing but a cape and a mask with the rest of her naked body! His identity is never revealed in these films, and the credits also say "Keko Mask: Unknown" while the actors' names are listed! <br /> <br /> The most hilarious thing in this movie is how Keko Mask kills his enemies. She has a beautiful, but lethal vagina! Yes, you read that right. She kills her victims by flying in the air in front of them, opening her legs and letting the enemies be enchanted by the sight, after which she flies closer and bursts her neck with her legs! The last most common phrase the characters say in this movie is, "I've never seen such a beautiful pussy" and "Now I can die in peace." This movie is totally fantastic !! <br /> <br /> There are also some insults to Japanese society, for example, their attitude towards sex in movies (Japanese censors optically fog / blur all pubic hair in any film) and also on some restrictions between the school students (such as girls and boys can not talk in this movie, etc.). There's a big scene where a nerd sees the naked girl for the first time and says "Hey, there's no fog in this!" I could not help laughing during this scene as I thought about what the Japanese censors think about it. In addition, a character says in the end that it will return, if Japan Films allows to do the continuation. I'm glad you let me, since I heard the sequences were equally scandalous. A sequel should include Blues Brothers (yeah, THESE Blues Brothers!), Etc. <br /> <br /> This is the trash in its most fun, fun and clever way and so it's a shame these movies are so hard to find. This would definitely be an even greater experience if it were a bit quicker at times as it would get a bit boring at one point but fortunately those segments are very few. This movie has to be seen as fully believed, as there are so many elements of junk that I did not mention here and would not need to tell all of them here. If you like trash movies and movies made with tongue on big cheek, I think you'll love this little gem like I do, and the director is definitely a genius in this field! 8/10 Perhaps the only movie in which a shiny vagina is lethal?
