I borrowed this movie despite its extremely low rating because I wanted to see how the team manages to animate the presence of multiple worlds. In fact, they did not - at least, it does. Some sightings cut in the film are a bit clumsy - that's what most viewers think. However, the surprise comes at the end and, unfortunately, then, when most of the viewers have probably stopped this movie. I was also surprised when I saw that the Brazilian-Portuguese title of this movie means "Journey to Death". This is the spoiler. <br /> <br /> That this movie is about a young girl who goes alone to this boat (for reasons that are completely obscure), you only understand in the last 5 minutes. When you start the movie with the English title "Haunted Boat" in your head, you clearly think the apparitions of strange figures are the "ghosts." But in reality, this film is not like most horror movies told from the perspective of the distant writer-observer who can, at any moment, differentiate between different levels of reality, is told from the perspective of the young woman. We see her not alone, but together with the four friends because she sees them. We do not see that she is alone. So, the parallel worlds are not the glittering appearances in the flow of images, but the main story! We have at least two parallel worlds: the world where the girl is and the world in which the four friends are. A third-world intrusion is probably the youngster with the medical skills that comes for a short time on the boat. <br /> <br /> I can not shake the deep conviction that with this film, filmmakers have "fooled" an audience of several thousand people, letting them believe that what they did is more or less a student of cinema made with pseudo-actors hastily "chosen" that met the night before the beginning of the shooting. pour after at least twelve beers. How deceived can one be! But beyond this great surprise, which is only learned in the last minutes, the end that follows brings another surprise. The girl is saved by a crew in a helicopter and another boat. When she recovered from her shock, she again visits the place in the port where she boarded the boat with the four friends. And there they are again! They wave to her from the boat that has already left the coast. She jumps into the water, gets to the boat - and they're out. Miraculously beautiful. It reminds me a bit of the end of a poem by a Rhetoromance writer: When I woke up, I saw Death standing in my bed. But I closed my eyes. When I opened them again, he was gone.
