The British band glam-rock funky Strange Fruit, still strictly second-rate, breaks down in the late 70's. The individual members of the band follow separate paths and uncomfortably fit into the dull middle-aged in the dull 90's: the sombre keyboardist Stephen Rea ends up broke and with his luck, the neurotic and pretentious vocalist Bill Nighy tries (and fails). After a solo career debated, paranoid drummer Timothy Spall lives in the dark on a remote farm to avoid paying a heavy debt and intricate bassist Jimmy Nail installs roofs for a living. The ex-lover's sweetheart who became patient, understanding and suffering, Juliet Aubrey brings the group together for a nostalgic reunion trip in Europe, ill-advised, largely ineffective and hilariously disastrous twenty years later. Our lovely moody bunch tries bravely, but to rekindle a flame that once burned quite a bit in the past. Former roadie zonked Billy Connelly and young guitarist Hans Matheson join in for the delightfully troubled, tormented but still rewarding and enjoyable ride. <br /> <br /> Director Brian Gibson shows a tremendously contagious respect and adoration for both his amicably strange and particularly noisy characters, playing, flamboyantly exaggerating preening rock of the 70s in general, this imbuing this affectionate little pip with an all-encompassing feeling of great-hearted charm and unflagging verve. The clever and well-written script by Dick Clement and Ian La Frenais also resembles dry wit and finely observed moments of joy in the inanity of the road, capturing a certain bittersweet and often noisy vibration that gives the image an irresistibly luminescent glow. Ashley Rowe's adorable and elegant cinematography ensures that the film always looks quite visually sumptuous, while perfectly captivating and entertaining music does the trick with a touch of rock and elegance. Congratulations also to the spectacular performances that mark the burned soul and the ragged but still fiercely fierce heart of a past that has been his main desperate rock outfit to regain his former glory in a last attempt. big success. All in all, this radiant and moving gem is highly regarded as one of the true seriotic surprises of the 1990s.
