In the voice about which the film begins, Hughie (Billy Connolly), a roadie of the great Strange Fruit of the 70s, said that the thunderbolt that struck a rock festival to stop the Strange Fruit show was that God was tired of the excess. In fact, it has been popular to stifle the music era and see punk as a welcome antidote to it. Although I agree that the excess was tiring (as well as the misogynist impulses that have come), and like punk, I'm still a fan of what's considered classic rock or glam rock, and this movie about Strange Fruit's strange and strange reunion. is a loving homage to those days. <br /> <br /> One of the reasons the film works is caring for people behind the scenes. Brian Gibson directed what love has to do with him, about Tina Turner (while I had trouble with the dramatic parts of the film, the music was handled very well), writers Dick Clement and Ian Le Frenais co-wrote the COMMITMENTS and were behind the British TV show OVER THE RAINBOW, and the Strange Fruit songs played were co-written by Mick Jones of Foreigner (not to be confused with Mick Jones of The Clash), so it was a meeting of people who knew what they were talking. about. In addition, two cast members are musicians on their own (Bill Nye, I do not know, although the film credited him with his own singing, and he certainly looks like a vocalist of that era while Jimmy Nail was in another Briton). TV show that was geared towards music, although I forget the name, and it was on EVITA), and the others are compelling. And while, as I said, many bands of the '70s like Strange Fruit misbehaved with women, the film does not make the same mistake (except the woman who accompanies Timothy Spall out there); as the meeting manager, Juliet Aubrey is very good and plays a totally rounded character. <br /> <br /> The other actors are also good, with special praise to Stephen Rea, who deals well with the most dramatic role. without sentimentality. There are a couple of plot points that do not work, but overall this is quite nice. Oh yeah, and the music is good too.
