It may be a bit wrong to open a review describing a movie in terms of other films, but I think that is the best way to take a closer look at the place that the election occupies in the arena of the gangster genre. It works somewhere between The Godfather and the Yakuza opus of Kinji Fukasaku, The Yakuza Roles (AKA Battles Without Honor and Humanity), to the extent that it is both romanticized and realistic, somber and courageous. But it's also a Johnnie To movie, and as such, it has the distinct touch of Hong Kong's author. <br /> <br /> Every two years, the HK Triad elects a new boss. Only this time one of the candidates is not very satisfied with the result, so he decides to solve the problem in his own hands, to the dismay of the rest of the triads and the police. That's the story in a nutshell, but make sure you have a lot more than that. As in The Yakuza Papers, there are a lot of schemes, stabs, formations and alliance exchanges (sometimes all we need to do is make a phone call - in one of the most memorable scenes I've seen lately), the which may not happen. necessarily make deep drama, but contributes to an interesting plot and a good character conflict. Fans of the gangster genre tend to appreciate it in that regard. Election is not as action-oriented as one might expect; although it is violent. And I'm not talking about the glamorous version of Hollywood violence. This is dark and gloomy. To's camera remains in the scenes of people being brutalized in ways that reveal both the humanity and the inhumanity of perpetrators and victims; after all violence is an integral part of us, whether we like it or not. <br /> <br /> If you are familiar with To's style then you should know what to expect. The pace is relatively slow and deliberate. Cinematography is great, slippery and dark in equal measure, using dark tones (brown, dark green and orange), while smooth tracking photos add vibrant quality to it. In the end, the election occupies a peculiar place. It's not exactly a character study and it's not an action-oriented gangster movie. He explores a situation (the election and its consequences), but does so in style, and is both realistic and romanticized (the ceremonies of the Triad, in particular, the echo of an Eastern godfather).
