There is no denying that Hak Se Wui (Election in English) is a well-made and well-thought-out film. Does the film use numerous intelligent pieces of identification all the time playing with modernity still adhering to tradition? A theme touched on throughout the film Where John Woo's Hong Kong films are full of action and exaggerated in their explosive content as seen in Hard Boiled (1992) and when Hong Kong films settle into rhythms of telling the story of the "bad" point of view, they can sometimes stutter and just become merely memorable, a good example is City on Fire (1987). <br /> <br /> Election is a film that is memorable for the simple fact of its unpredictable scenes, spontaneous action and violence that are done in a realistic and tasteful way (if that is the right word) as well as the clever little "in pieces" of making movies. It is difficult to detect during the display, but the election is actually built into a kind of three-act structure: there is the first point of concern surrounding the current election and who is voted is voted on ?? not everyone likes the decision, but what the uncles say goes. The second act is the recovery of the ancient staff of China that the demands of tradition must be present during the inauguration, with the final third after the inauguration, and certain characters coming up with their own ideas about how the Triads should and could be conducted. Needless to say; certain events and twists occur during each of the three thirds, some are small and immaterial, while some are much larger and more spectacular. <br /> <br /> The election has some flaws, with most coming in the opening third. Trying to kill time around an election that takes only a few minutes to complete has clearly been a difficult task for writers and filmmakers and it shows in several points. I had the feeling that a certain scene was beginning to go somewhere before it was interrupted by the police and then everyone was arrested. This happens sometimes: a fight happens in a restaurant, but the police are there and everyone is arrested; there is a secret meeting about the baton between the triads, but the police appear and all are arrested; some other triads are having a pre-election lecture, but the police come along and guess what? Do you know. <br /> <br /> When the movie comes out of that routine that I thought it would be, it uses a sacred staff as a plot device to get everyone moving. Does the bat generate some good fighting scenes, such as pursuing a truck after it has been hotwired, another chase involving a motorbike, and a kung-fu fight with a load of white guns on a street? the scenes are unpredictable, realistic and violent, but like I said, they are in a "tasteful" way. Where the election really stands out is attention to that detail. When the triads are in prison, the bars are covered with threads, suggesting that they are all caged animals, for that is how they behave on the outside when they are in conflict. Another good attention to detail is the way uncles make toast using tea rather than alcohol, towering over other champagne-headed gangsters (The Long Good Friday) and also referencing the Chinese tradition of drinking tea to celebrate or celebrate . Election is a good movie that is well structured enough to enjoy and a movie that has a fantastic mise-en-scene while you look at what is happening. Some of the inner settings and the clothes as well as the style buckets that is shed on as the pursuit and pursuit for the baton intensifies. The opening is like another short film entirely and very well integrated to the film; insinuating the Chinese tradition in the process. I feel that the best scene is the final scene, because it sums up perfectly: two cheeky characters fishing and debating the decision of the Triads, while remaining realistic, unpredictable and violent: in an elegant way, of course.
