When I think of the most guilty pleasure movies, the first thing I think about is the horror movies of the '80s. Too bad slasher flicks. The type of stereotyped film where all the script needed was 2 parts blood and several pieces of nudity to be made. <br /> <br /> Let's move on to the late 1990s / early 2000s. The slasher film was revitalized with the 1996 hit "Scream." As in the 1980s, these films were stereotyped, masking the lack of inspiration, labeling themselves as "hip and impetuous parodies" of the original slasher films. Of this recent mix of neo-slasher movies "hip parody", the only one worth seeing is the low cost, straightforward "Cut" video. Like most other "new" Slasher flicks, "Cut" is based on the production of a slasher film, in this case a fictional 1985 film "Hot Blooded," to comment on genre. "Hot Blooded" never finished production, because of the murders of someone wearing the assassin's mask of the movie, Scarman, a bald figure with his mouth sewn next and dark, eyes without pupil. Now, 12 years later, a group of film students whose teacher was involved in the production decided to go into the vaults, play the original surviving actress, and end the film. But every time the movie is shown or a scene is filmed, "Scarman" returns and someone dies. To quote the slogan, will they finish the movie before they finish it? <br /> <br /> This all sounds very bad, and to some extent is (really, is there such a thing as a good horror movie?). There is no character development (the "new" director is revealed to be the daughter of the original director of "Hot Blooded," whose life was apparently ruined after production was canceled, this would be a perfect detail to be worked on in the plot, but it's never mentioned again) and, as with all other slasher films, there are just too many bodies to worry about. The actors are not great, even for the direct video standards, but most are having fun with their characters (and for those who are not, it's an inadvertent performance of a character since none of their characters in the film wanted to work on "Hot Blooded"), especially who was lucky enough to play Scarman. The climax of "Cut" does not have great "who dunnit" unmasking the killer as in the films "Scream". There are no murders of the movies "Urban Legend". What it has is an original and interesting concept that is diluted by a "so we can write a continuation if it sells well" ending. But that's par for the course. By any standard of sensible vision, this is a horrible movie that should be avoided, but this "quality" is what makes it true to its roots in the slasher genre, and that's what makes it nicer than any other neo-slasher film.
