Twelve years ago, production stopped in the movie slasher "Hot Blooded," since almost everyone on the set began to die. Now some film students have decided to end the film, despite the fact that there are rumors that the film is cursed. Well, they are about to discover that some curses are real. <br /> <br /> When Scream was released, all countries seemed to want to profit from their success, even Australia. The concept, which was made to the death today (a slasher movie within a horror movie), was at the time relatively cool and original. This movie was released just before Urban Legends: Final Cut and Scream 3 (well, not in the US but in Australia), so it looked like the first film with that concept. When Urban Legends 2 was released, most of us were already completely weary of the concept and, as the film was not good, the movie failed disastrously. Now, Cut is not the best slasher movie of all time, nor does it try to be. She knows it's a scam, and even they climb a girl who looks like a blonde version of Neve Campbell in the lead role. But instead of trying to add some new, original twists to the story, they decided to steal some 80s horror films like "Nightmare on Elm Street," and surprisingly, that really works. The killer is very scary and this mask is just killer! And instead of trying to scare the public to death, they have created a very good and frightening atmosphere that keeps us in suspense for most of the film. However, there are some holes in the film that I could not completely ignore, the ending being the biggest hole in the movie. Spoiler ahead; I mean, they burned the only copy of the movie, so where the hell did they find the impression they show in the final scene? It does not make sense to tell you. End of the spoilers All in all, Cut is a very scary horror movie with a silly story, but I consider this to be one of the best rip-offs that ever made Scream great. I'm surprised this one never has a sequel, but I think it just came out too late. eur-lex.europa.eu eur-lex.europa.eu eur-lex.europa.eu eur-lex.europa.eu <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> The cut is still a very good movie and I'll have to recommend this even if I consider the story enough silly since it's completely ridiculous.
