For a slasher movie, this movie is actually better than much in the genre. Yes, it's predictable and crazy work is killing binge, people die, yada yada yada. However, there are some good points in this movie. I really liked the mask that the nut job wore. it's definitely scary to say the least and possibly unique (although I have not watched every slasher movie ever done) too, the genesis of evil due is something I have not seen before, and the way it finally finds its end is a concept new, as far as I know. I also really liked the weapon Mr. Sicko had chosen for most of the murders. The murders themselves are not as graphic as the genre, but that's a small concern. The film does not take itself seriously, which is something that most criminals suffer. As much as I watched the movie, I remembered the first movies on Friday, what if serious. There are some concerns about this movie. In several scenes, the killer suddenly has a great resemblance to one of our horror icons. By that, I mean his movements and his reactions to being shot, and also the way he walked. But a major concern, however, is a scene very near the end, where the madman has more than striking resemblances (in fact, a complete robbery) of another famous titan of terror. And in the last scenes, we have our sneaky, once again, looking exactly like the first icon of terror I mentioned. In fact, this last scene is almost complete. theft of another icon in the slasher genre. these scenes were weak and unoriginal (obviously). By the way, the movie is set in Australia, so if you're a sucker for a girl with an Australian accent (like me), you'll be in heaven. of what this may just annoy you. One other great thing about this movie: the beautiful Kylie Minogoue (do not cling to it), there is an accent that is not Australian, courtesy of Molly Ringwald. In general, there are more reasons to watch. from what I did not.i liked and had a bit of fun.so I have to give "Cut" 8/10, which may seem too loud for some people.
