As in all of Angelopoulos's films, "The Storm's Suspense Step" implicitly requires an intimate and intimate participation on the part of the viewer, a fact that certainly contributed to the limited popularity of his work. The dialogues are sparing, without monologues or exchanges that exteriorize the internal conflicts, doubts or feelings of the characters. The filmmaker prefers to keep viewers away from their own emotional reactions and instead forces them to explore and study the identities of the characters themselves. As a result, performance is underestimated and implicit, as opposed to explicit and explicit. <br /> <br /> Action scenes are placed between long intervals of contemplation, where the viewer is invited to become a participant, to participate as an actor, investigating his own psyche. As in a novel, where drama rests entirely on the author's writing to provide a model where the reader's imagination and / or past experience flourishes, Angelopoulos drama rests within his images: his uses of the long planes, the long takes pacing , the savory dialogues that have become his trademark, inviting the viewer to experience the film from his personal perspective. Angelopoulos uses silence to capture moments of high intensity, reverting to non-verbal language of gestures, looks, sounds and music when he believes words can only take us up to now. <br /> <br /> Music, by Angelopoulos's longtime collaborator, Eleni Karaindrou, provides more than just a discreet background, but it becomes a dramatic element of the story. A large part of the film consists of external photos in subtle, soft colors, recorded in a faint winter light. Angelopoulos presents us with "another Greece," very different from Greece from the tourist brochures, with ethereal blue skies and emerald seas, drowned in an eternal sun. Here the skies are covered and gray, the air is cold and foggy, and the sands of the beaches have been replaced by the dirty, trampled snow of the village streets. Angelopoulos's genius through the Arvanitis camera is on display throughout the film. <br /> <br /> "The Storm's Suspense Step" is, above all, a political statement focused on the socio-political situation in the Balkans at the end. of the 20th century. He is deeply concerned with the meaning of "borders" and with those who are victims of confusion among nations. In the "waiting room" across the border with Albania, refugees, politicians or others, marginalized by the rest of humanity, are waiting. They may be attached to a political frontier, but unfortunately they still carry with them and they have deeper ancestral frontiers: those of languages, customs and races. Although Angelopoulos' political views are well known, the film avoids any political discourse on the root causes of refugee difficulties. In the process, Angelopoulos compels us to meditate on the concepts of geographical, cultural, political and personal "frontiers". Angelopoulos considers himself a 20th century Greek historian, and likes to bring lessons from the Hellenic myths to his discussions. In this film, he makes some border crossings between Greek and Italian cultures, starting from a combined Homeric and Dantean tradition of Ulysses' travels. Alexander is a Telemachus, in search of a story about an elderly Greek / Odyssean politician who has disappeared, never to be heard again. This politician, a brilliant orator, unexpectedly and inexplicably left the comfort of his bourgeois existence, his wife, and his brilliant career to live anonymously in a refugee camp with the lowest of the low. He became a poet in exile, thinking about how to change the world. Of course the "politician" is not Alexander's father, but the "politician" stands before Alexander as a paternal / Odysseus figure. As with Telemachus of Homer, Alexander grows as a person during his odyssey. <br /> <br /> Of course it would be wrong to try and see in the film a recount of Homer's Odyssey in a contemporary context. Angelopoulos is based on Ulysses' travels only as structuring and thematic elements for his film. At the end of Angelopoulos, "Ulysses" is more like Dante's Odysseus: he does not leave for Ithaca but continues "carrying a suitcase". And Alexander / Telemachus is "suspended" between returning to his home and his career, or embarking on a trip to "elsewhere." He states this out loud at the beginning of the film, paraphrasing some of Dante's "Inferno" lines: "And do not forget that it's time for a trip.The wind blows your eyes away. > Finally, although Angelopoulos is not a religious person, there is a Greek Orthodox religious theme introduced during the film in the form of yellow suit flags, which go around improving things for their fellow humans reconnecting communications, and also the figure of Christ of the "politician." In the final scene, these men in yellow once again demonstrate the influence of Byzantine iconography on Angelopoulos's work. They appear as "stylites", religious figures found in the Orthodox tradition, solitary and fervent men who settled on the tops of the pillars, in a form of asceticism. <br /> <br /> The movie ends without a resolution. as to the true identity of the character played by Mastroianni. Angelopoulos gives us no clue, and the wife's statement, "It's not him", is far from convincing and left quite ambiguous. The important issue of the film is not whether or not he is the disappeared politician, but that he could be the politician. But the film still ends on an optimistic note. Considering that the wires that are lashed from pole to pole run only along the river, and thus communications across the border are not yet possible, and remains impenetrable, we note that this final scene is taken from a point of view on the other side of the river: the camera crossed the border, and the reverse tracking is inviting Alexander and the viewer to push past the limit. Because of this, Angelopoulos gives us hope that, somehow, some of the borders will eventually collapse.
