In the late 1940s, the crazy comedy era was over because the movies were moving in a different direction, comedically and otherwise. With television appearing on the horizon, Hollywood would soon be at a very difficult time. Where, one wonders, would the movies have gone if the television did not show up, or had their arrival on the scene been postponed for five or ten years? Mr. Blandings builds his dream home offers a particular way comedy may have developed. Ad Man Jim Blandings, along with his wife and two daughters, are living in a nice but very tight New York apartment, as one day he has the brilliant idea that it can be fun to hold his dream of building a house in the suburbs. So he buys a property in Connecticut and has built one for his precise specifications. Well, almost. If he knew the problem he was in, he might have changed his mind. Then again, it may not have. You decide. In this fragile premise, a wonderful film comes up, full of conflicts between the dream of the middle class to own one's home and the often unpleasant reality of acquiring it. Nothing comes easy in this life, as Mr. Blandings learns; but you do not have to be miserable just because things do not always follow the path. There is, after all, in the long run. But, Blandings wonders every few minutes, how long is it? <br /> <br /> This movie is a delight. It is not, I suppose, a masterpiece in the Capra-McCarey tradition, but it is a worthy successor to his portraits of the thirties, and may have been a harbinger of future things if the arrival of television did not change the cultural landscape so so radical. There is a real heat in the picture, and a good dose of Reality keeps harshly preventing Periodic, but not so much to leave a bad taste. The people in the film are all very smart and rich, but decidedly superior professional medium and not wealthy and idle upper class. <br /> <br /> The protagonists Cary Grant and Myrna Loy interpret Mr. and Mrs. Blandings to perfection. ; while Melvyn Douglas is well as his friend pragmatic lawyer, who often has to tackle unpleasant topics such as how the real world works. There is also a wonderful feeling that, for want of a better term, we could call it a suburban romance, which was in its infancy in the years immediately after the war, when you see the woods and streams that drew people to the country. first place. These people are most definitely fish out of water in the then still largely rural Connecticut. In a few years things would change, for the mad run into the suburb would be in full swing, forever destroying the pastoral innocence that so many yearned for in small towns, soon to be linked by roads, filled with bottles and cans, their effluvia rivaled anything in the city.
