A dying Kung Fu master sends his latest student to trace what happened to the five previous students who were members of the poisoned clan banished. He should see if they are acting once and for all and if not, he will prevent them. The master also wants the student to find another clan member who has run off with clan money that the master wants to use for good. The first students were all taught in a different style of snake, centipede, scorpion, lizard, toad, while the last student was taught a little in each style. All the students end up in a city looking for the old man with all the money, and soon everyone is struggling to get the money. <br /> <br /> The classic martial arts movie has title that even many non-fans know about. I've talked to some casual fans and this seems to be the only movie that gets in their heads. It's a very good movie, although I do not know for sure why this movie stays with people when, for my money, there are other films that are better than Shaw's studio (An Armed Swordmen or Brave Archer series, for example). This is not to sell the short film, it is not, since the film is structured as a mystery, our hero has no idea who he is and the poisons themselves only know, at best, who the other is. We get the identity of four, but we still have to figure out who the fifth is. The film is also strange because for a martial arts film, in addition to a training sequence at the beginning and the murder of the old man and his family for money, there is really no action for about 40 or 45 minutes. It's a bold move to do that, but it's worth it, since the plot and the performances catch your eye. (The movie is also strange because it's the first martial arts movie I've ever seen where there are no women.) I do not think anyone has a spoken part and I'm sure none of them appear in the background. just something that surprised me.) This is a small solid movie that may not match the reputation it has in some circles, but it's still a very good movie to curl up on the couch. <br /> About 7 out of 10.
