One of the most enjoyable aspects of Asian cinema (or, in fact, almost everything done outside of the United States) is the permutation that arises. In post-World War II, Japanese manga (comics), for example, can be found a veritable infinite variety of subjects, many of them treated in a singularly imaginative way. The same thing happens in the movies, too; however, again, I am referring to films made outside the US $. (where we are just too "sophisticated" in our intolerance to appreciate anything other than the US). An American company, for example, would not return, but a series of films with a masked professional fighter (El Santo) or a werewolf (Paul Naschy) or a real-life martial artist (Bruce Lee) ...? As for television: forget it. While I still love the KUNG FU series that starred the late David Carradine, I always felt that the Americanized version of the Asian martial arts was - as it put gently - a bit needy. To date, there is no pay-per-view channel to feature Asian martial artists performing Asian martial artists in Asia. (There are a lot of soft-core porns disguised as entertainment programs, but the so-called Action Channel, for example, has not yet imported or produced a true Martial Arts television series.) Before Brother Cadfile investigated murders on the BBC, Era, things, at least one Kung Fu movie that featured a group of martial artists more or less involved in a murder mystery: THE 5 DEAD POISONS. By itself, as fascinating as any other whodunit based on the genre (western, cop show, etc.), this masterpiece of martial arts stands out as a truly superior work. Now it's available in Dragon Dynasty and the print is beautiful and Bey Logan's DVD commentary is EXACTLY the kind of smart and careful analysis these gems really deserve. If you are a fan of martial arts movies, rejoice: one of the greatest film genres of all time (specifically, the martial arts movies of the 1970s and early 1980s) is gaining a second life (and much appreciated) ) on DVD.
