Of all the kung-fu movies made in the 70's and 80's, this is one of those who developed a true cult. With the exception of all the films that Bruce Lee starred in, this is a movie that has stood the test of time and is due to the unique story. An elderly kung-fu master tells his latest student Yang Tieh (Sheng Chiang) about five students he has trained in the past. All five wore masks and no one saw the face of each other and they were all trained differently. Their specialty in kung-fu is the name they adopted as Lizard, Snake, Centipede, Toad and Scorpion. The master called them the Poison Clan and he does not know what happened to them, so he wants Tieh to find them and help those who are doing good to stop others who are evil. An old man who was once a member of the Poison Clan has a map where he hid a lot of money and seems to be a target. Tieh does not know how they look, so he has to blend into society and try to figure out who they are. Tieh discovered that the Serpent is Hung Wen Tung (Pai Wei) and along with Tang Sen Kue (Feng Lu) who is the Centipede, they kill a family to find the map. A map is found by a mysterious man who turns out to be the Scorpio, but knows that he knows who he is. A local police officer named Ho Yung Sin (Philip Kwok) investigates the killings along with his partner Ma Chow (Chien Sun). Sin has a friend named Li Ho (Meng Lo) who is the Frog and they know each other's identity. The snake bribes local officials to fix the murders in Li Ho and while he is in prison, he is tortured and killed. When Sin discovers that he joins with Tieh and together they go to fight Tung and Kue. <br /> <br /> This film was directed by Cheh Chang and he was a very special director when it came to these films. Chang was not his factory kung-fu director and his films always had a special quality to them. While most martial arts films deal with revenge, Chang did not use it as a central theme. Even though there is some revenge happening later in this story, this movie is more complex than that. Five men trained by the same master in different ways and wearing masks. So they are all in the same area and do not know who the other is. A very original story makes this film different from everyone else and most of Changs' stories were in a class by itself. I would not put it exactly in the same league as "Enter the Dragon," because Bruce Lee was a world icon and the martial arts he displayed were more authentic. This movie still has some impossible feats such as clinging to the sides of the walls and all the air, but this movie is not necessarily about fight scenes. It's more about the intrigue of the story and the characters that are involved. That alone makes it different from all other kung-fu movies. Nicely done with a unique history.
