"In the world of old-school kung-fu movies, where revenge footage came in at ten cents, it took a lot for a movie to stand out - and even more so to make it a fan favorite after all those years. is indisputably Chang Cheh's best film continues to influence the Hong Kong film industry, from the themes of loyalty, fraternity and revenge, explored by John Woo (who started in the HK film industry working for Chang) during the height of the shedding of heroic blood during the late 1980s, to more modern films like The Man Called Hero, which sports a character in a costume inspired by this film. The influence has also spread to other areas, from music like the Wu-Tang Clan, The plot - on the surface - is quite simple.It deals with members of a dishonest group known as " Clan of Poison "who is looking for a treasure hidden by his sifu. All members of the gang have extraordinary kung fu abilities, denoted by their animal styles, or "poisons" (the lizard can climb walls, the scorpion has a deadly attack, etc.). The difference is that as the clan always wears masks, not everyone knows what the others are. Thus, a simple plot becomes almost a thriller of suspense. We're not talking about the Suspects of the Costume here, but it's way above many other kung fu movies of the time. Supposedly, Golden Harvest was not too happy with Chang's script - like most of his films, they thought it was too dark and violent - and they really wanted him to add ample comic relief to it. Fortunately, Chang kept his guns and stayed with his original screenplay, which has since become revered as one of the best for the films of his time, if not always, completing a near perfect dramatic arc and providing the perfect backbone for the extraordinary. sequences of action. <br /> <br /> But what really solidifies the movie are the poisons themselves. Chang Cheh found a magic formula with the cast - he not only won talented martial artists (whose movements, competing without the help of yarn or other special effects, made most modern martial artists ashamed), but also great actors. The formula proved to be so popular that Chang usually had one or more poisons in his later films. Going back to the subject in question, in most of the old movies, the actors seem to represent cardboard cutouts, but here the actors actually create characters. It seems that everyone has a favorite poison (mine is Philip Kwok - better known by many as Mad Dog of Hard-Boiled - as Lizard) and it is this personal connection with the characters that The Five Deadly Venoms generates which makes him a true classic of the genre. Even if you're not normally a fan of old movies, you need to check out the Five Deadly Poisons, if not more to see where modern movies have been inspired. "
