This is definitely one of the best kung fu movies of all time, and it may be one of the best movies of all time ... It has a great plot that works like a puzzle, with a lot of intrigue and suspense. This movie is full of cat and mouse games and disappointments, with people hiding their identities and their natures. The characters in this movie live and breathe much more than their ordinary characters in kung fu movies. They are all interesting and attractive and the film does a good job at giving them scenes to show their personality and desires. <br /> <br /> The fight scenes are like little stories and many of them are very original and exciting. It has legal training sequences and martial arts skills that are so incredible that they enter the realm of fantasy. There are 5 members of the poison clan each with their own style that mimics the special ability of a poisonous animal. The styles of each of these characters are fun to watch and you can see the techniques they use in the training applied during the movie ... When that happens, the director uses quick cuts in the training scene to draw a parallel. These cuts are accompanied by music changes and sound effects and everything works just fine. <br /> <br /> One thing about this movie that is very original is the way it treats death. Director Chang Cheh was obviously very concerned that the film did not trivialize death. This makes some of the movie scenes much more effective. We really care when people are killed in this movie. This is because the camera persists in the horror of death, even when the thugs are killed. Some of the sequences in this movie are truly sweeping. When the characters go in search of revenge, you really feel their anger and pain. <br /> <br /> At the same time, this is also a fun movie. It has all the typical things you expect from a traditional kung fu movie. There are bad dubbing, The characters are willing to fight in the fall of a hat. Some of the sound effects are hilarious and sometimes the behavior of the characters is unbelievably unreal. All this only increases the grandeur of the film. <br /> <br /> And we can not forget that this director was a visual. stylist much more talented than most of his contemporaries. If you watch this movie closely, you'll notice that the technical feat on display is virtuous. Everything goes so fast (because of the quick cut style and fast camera moves of the genre) that it's easy to ignore just how beautiful the movie really is. Lighting and composition are sometimes spectacular. The camera work and movement are extremely sophisticated along with a very interesting quick edit ... In scenes that depict suspense and intrigue, for example, imagine Hitchcock moving at about twice the speed. Chang Cheh was truly a master craftsman and artist who knew his genre and was able to produce important material while working within his boundaries. It does not shock the movie boat of the kung fu genre, but in a subtle way, its abilities permeate all scenes and all scenes and add a lot to the quality of the work. He is an important filmmaker who continues to influence many people. <br /> <br /> This is the real package A kung fu movie that offers on all levels. It's art, it's crap, it's emotionally moving and it's fun, it has a true sense of morality, but it does not allow morality to hinder the delivery of good deeds. I recommend to everyone whether you are a fan of this genre or not.
