When it first came out, this work of the Meysels brothers was widely criticized and even considered an exploration. Fortunately, it is now hailed as a masterpiece of documentary filmmaking, especially now that society has been exposed to the real exploitation of what is the reality of television and the poor evolution of most of the direct films. <br /> <br /> Actually, at first we must say that this is not direct cinema, it is more cinema verité. The difference between the two is very small, but mainly is the fact that in this documentary, we are led to feel the presence of the Meysels brothers, and they interact with the characters filmed. This also makes it clear that it is not exploitation. The Meysels were allowed at home and are included in a very eccentric situation of a very eccentric home. And both Edith and Edie love the idea of ​​filming. <br /> <br /> It would have been very disappointing to have been shown only a voice of God's narration and superficial interviews. Here we are given a complete picture of the madness of the house, a madness that seems to work with Edie and his mother Edith. His house is a mess, rubbish and animals everywhere, colors and furniture faded throughout the house, and the constant struggles that are constant interactions of reality. These two people have lived with each other their whole lives, and they are not fighting in front of the camera because they want attention, but because they can not stop talking to each other in that way. They know each other very well to hide their inner feelings, there is no need. In the end, however, even when they blame each other for their lives, they really love each other deeply. Edie says she does not want her mother to die, because she loves her so much, and Edith says she does not want Edie to leave her because she does not want to be alone. <br /> <br /> But the most interesting aspect of the film is that regardless of old age, the two women can not help being girls. They can not fail to be a singer, the other the dancer. Display all your artistic skills in front of your camera. When Edie asks David Meysels rhetorically, "Where have you been all my life?" she is really very happy that she finally gets to show the whole world her and her wonderful dancers skills. A beautiful portrait of stylistic importance and a charm that is highly unlikely to be seen again, in the way that only the Meysels and few others could do.
