This documentary follows the life of Big and Little Edie Beale, mother and daughter, who lived as inmates in their family mansion in East Hampton, NY, from the mid-1950s to the late 1970s. By the time filmmakers find them , the mansion is crumbling and the women, one with 78 and one with 56, share a miserable room. The older Edie Beale is Jackie Kennedy's Aunt Onassis and the youngest is her first cousin. The women were originally to be evicted from the house because of their decrepit condition, but Jackie sent them money for repairs so they could continue to live there. <br /> <br /> Sometimes this movie may seem like an exploration, since no woman seems to be in the best of mental health, but at other times, the film is hard to look away from. "Little" Edie blames her mother for her current state, and her mother reacts by saying that Edie would never be the success she thought she was. "Little" Edie often seems stuck in the past, focused on choices she has made for decades, and loves to display pictures of her youth, where she was clearly a beautiful debutante. Her mother seems more resigned to her fate, to live the rest of her life in terrible conditions. There are concrete indications of the glamorous life that both women once took from the photos showing a happy family to the larger portrait of the older Edie by the side of her bed. From what we see of the house, most rooms are empty, walls are cracking and falling apart, and "Little" Edie leaves food in the attic for raccoons to feast on. And of course there are countless cats running around. <br /> <br /> In his heart, this documentary is incredibly sad. Although no woman seems particularly depressed by her good fortune in life, the misery in which they live is absolutely horrible. It is not particularly clear if there is running water in the house, and you get the impression that they were essentially abandoned by your family. <br /> <br /> However, as a documentary, the film is a wonder to behold. and is highly recommended.
