"Cypher" is a cleverly conceived story about industrial espionage set in the United States in the not-too-distant future. Although not thematically complex, this film offers many different perspectives on personal loyalty, cruelty, and corporate conspiracy. To some extent, this film also attempts to portray corporate groups and modern companies as indifferent to the risks their contract employees take on their behalf. <br /> <br /> The film starts with a mediocre salary, Morgan Sullivan. (Jeremy Northam), which applies to the Digicorp group to work as a secret agent. Following an initial briefing with Digicorp's Chief Security Officer, Sullivan receives a new identity (Jack Thursby) and is sent to a business conference with the task of recording the speeches of several spokespersons on the marketing strategies of each. their respective companies. After successfully completing his first task, Sullivan / Thursby is sent on other missions to obtain the same type of information previously collected. However, on one of his "business trips" he inadvertently meets a woman named Rita Foster, (Liu) whom he met in his previous assignment, and from there things get extremely confusing. The implications of a diabolical conspiracy involving Digicorp's espionage program begin to emerge and Sullivan is forced to protect himself in one of Digicorp's main competitors by becoming a double agent engaged in intense rivalry between the two companies. <br /> <br /> (SPOILERS END HERE) <br /> <br /> What I liked the most about this movie was the efficient use of lighting and shadows in many of the scenes. Vivid lighting was used primarily in domestic / household settings, while many shadows and dark colors were used for scenarios involving deception and cover-up. I was also very impressed with Jeremy Northam. Not often did I see him in the lead role, and the fact that he plays a disenchanted married man from Wisconsin was brilliant. Personally, I think he is one of the many less-used actors in the industry who have not been given more challenging roles. Lucy Liu was also amazing on her part and gave the film its true cover-up tone. In addition, the rest of the support cast did a great job, however, my only complaint was that some characters could have been exploited more to make the plot and the closing a bit more complicated. For example, I would love to see what would have happened if Jack Thursby had developed a more intimate relationship with his second "wife." Overall, this is a cleverly developed cover story that keeps you guessing to the end about personal and professional loyalties and whether anyone across the film can be trusted. With an intelligent and sleek soundtrack and excellent camera work, this film provides a frightening vision of how corporations can operate in the near future. I am surprised that I had never seen this "hidden gem" before. This is a brilliant espionage thriller, not too too complicated and therefore I am giving a 9 out of 10.
