Hey, now frankly, Theatrex found this while rummaging through videos at the flea market, under almost new conditions, and reading the back of the box saw that it was a "cult hit," so of course he got home with me. What a strange movie. The aunt and cousin of former First Lady Jacqueline Bouvier Kennedy Onassis live in this decaying 28-room house on Long Island (Suffolk Co.) and share the house with raccoons, cats, fleas (eyow!) And who knows what else. Suffolk Co. was on top of them at one point for living in dirt and old Jackie came to get things right. Anyway, this is a weird couple, Big Edie and Little Edie ... Edie (the daughter) always wears something over her head and dances, sings and gives little camera shots that rarely make much sense. Big Edie (the 79 year old mother) apparently likes to run naked, and while we have insinuations of how it might seem, fortunately this was done tastefully (?) Done to the point where we are mercifully spared of it. These women speak, speak and talk, especially about the past, and that does not make much sense except for them. They live in absolute filth, cats doing their business anywhere ("Look, that cat goes to the bathroom behind my portrait!"), And a room seems to be their headquarters. If I close my eyes and hear Big Edie's voice, I remember a lot of my own aunt, who was from that part of the country and had that Lawn Guyland accent. One scene has Little Edie putting flea repellent, lovely, you can see all the cats scratching all the time so that the spot must have been infested. The box refers to these two women as "eccentric," and I have to say, in this case, it's just a euphemism for "swearing out your gourds," but this movie is not without its moments when you really feel something for they. This is equal to the scary, sad and disgusting parts, but I could not stop watching it once I started. This is not my "normal" type of movie, but I thought it was a bit fascinating. It will not be for everyone, however, guaranteed.
