I saw this movie a few weeks ago and it's stuck in my head ever since. He stars two fascinating characters in what is, unfortunately, a mediocre documentary. To get the true story of the Beales, I had to go through all the bonus material and comments from the DVD and search the web. <br /> <br /> Although the Maysles and their fans (not to mention Edith and Edie) shiver at the suggestion that this movie is exploitative, this is exploitation in the truest sense of the word. Very little effort is made to explain the Beales or how they got into the condition they were in - the Maysles approach seems to be to just turn the camera on and wait for Edith and Edie to say something outrageous. The sound, even in the relaunch of Criterion, is bad and difficult to follow. While I appreciate this film that was made a little early in the history of the documentary, it is ironic to compare it with Geraldo Rivera's far superior series on sexual abuse of mentally retarded patients at the Willowbrook State School in Staten Island in 1972, four years before Gray Gardens was shot. To paraphrase a review in the New Yorker, there were many things Edith and Edie needed in their lives, and a documentary was not one of them. <br /> <br /> As for Edith and Edie, the thing I kept thinking while watching the movie was "where the heck is their family"? They were living in dangerous, unhealthy and unsafe conditions. How could Jackie O, married to one of Earth's richest men (or the wealthy Bouvier family), could not afford to take Edith and Edie to a decent home? Or at least hiring a part-time housekeeper to come in and keep an eye on both? It is shameful and a lasting disgrace for the whole Bouvier family. <br /> <br /> While this review may sound negative, I strongly recommend Gray Gardens to anyone who enjoys documentaries. Maybe someday someone will come and make a documentary about this documentary - bringing the rich background story (and history) of the Beales and the whole subsection of the Hamptons society in the 1970s.
