Cypher is a clever, effective and scary movie that offers. Your good premise is well presented and has your content delivered effectively, but also in a way that the genre demands. Although you can immediately label the science fiction movie, there is a little more to it. It has its obvious science fiction features, but the film resembles a noir / detective feel more than anything else that really adds to the story. <br /> <br /> The film, in general, is like some nightmare; building and maintaining a good atmosphere. We are never sure what exactly is going on, we are never sure why certain things that are really happening are and are not entirely sure of certain people, similar to having a dream? Does ambiguity reign over all of us? hero included and I have not seen it taken that way in a movie before, Terry Gilliam's Brazilian bar. Going with the strangeness declared earlier, Cypher presents himself with elements of horror as well as detective, noir and science fiction, giving the feeling that there is something for everyone and integrates their elements well. <br /> <br /> Also a sense of espionage for the film that helps the detective side of the story. The mystery around almost everyone is disturbing to say the least and I find the fact that the character of Rita Foster (Liu), who resembles a femme fatale, can be seen as a minor threat of everything else going on around the hero: People who appear as friends are not really, people who say they are actually helping and those who seem harmless are actually deadlier than they seem. Despite many changes, distorting the plot several times and following orders that are placed in a way that makes it appear that the world will end if not accomplished; the only thing that seems most dangerous is any romantic connection or connection to Lucy Liu's character? and she's trying to help (!) The movie keeps this two-sided feeling fighting a spying war, spying on and keeping one on its employees and opponents. The whole thing unfolds like a sort of cold mini-war; something that resembles the US and the US in its heyday war of the word and actually pulls through the black, somber, often full CGI screen that I was glued to. <br /> <br /> What was also very interesting and was a nice added touch was the travel launch of certain American states made to look like computer microchips as our hero flies to and from their declared destinations ?? It means, then, that the more he acts on his motivation and Foster, this sequence disappears because he is moving away from the computerized, repetitive, controlled life he is being told to live and is branching out. <br /> <br /> Cyhper is very consistent in its content and has all the elements of a good movie. To say that it resembles the first film of Jason Bourne, that is only happening in the sci-fi genre, is not giving enough time, but you can see the similarities; although both were released in the same year. As I mentioned earlier, there seems to be something in this movie for everyone and if you can see beyond the disappointing end that some people can predict successfully, you will see yourself taking advantage of this movie.
