It's really a good thing Sean Connery to retire as James Bond as I'm sure he would not be able to keep up in the business of spying these days, where fast cars have been replaced by high-tech brainwashing techniques and women are considered to be less sexy than advanced computer equipment. "Cypher" is a rather inventive science fiction thriller that often evokes feelings of fear and claustrophobia, although it is totally implausible. You know the trend of these types of movies: nothing is what it seems, and when you think of discovering the complicated plot, the writers do not fail to insert a new twist that confuses everyone again. The events in "Cypher" supposedly occur in the most prominent regions of the computer world, where large companies do not do much more than try to steal the thunder from each other. The Digisoft company literally spends millions of people doing brainwashing and providing them with a new identity, just to allow them to infiltrate as spies in their biggest competitor, Sunways Corporation. Sunways, on the other hand, constantly tries to unmask the Digisoft rats and recruit them again as double spies. Among all this non-profit business is Morgan Sullivan; a seemingly colorless 30-something employee who was chosen by Sebastian Rooks (the superspeaker) to manipulate the secret policies of BOTH companies. Trust me, it's actually less complicated than it looks and director Vincenzo Natali (the guy from "Tube") carefully takes the time to introduce all the important and less important characters. The first half of the film is quite reminiscent of the sadly underestimated John Frankenheimer's "Seconds" ?? starring Rock Hudson ?? but also tries to erase identities and drastically change their old way of life. Even the scenarios seem straight out of the 1960s movie, with a lot of empty white rooms and sinister corridors that seem endless. There is also a lot of action and suspense, especially when Morgan soberly experiences how the Digisoft team inspects the results of his brainwashing techniques during boring conventions. The middle part of the movie drags on a bit, mostly because you've already realized that everything is piling up for several misleading twists, and I was hoping for a somewhat darker picture of the not-so-distant future. Jeremy Northam is perfectly chosen and the lovely Lucy Liu is convincingly mysterious as the fox lady who seems to be on your side. Choice of regular director David Hewlett has the most memorable supporting role as strangely eccentric engineer Suways Virgil C. Dunn. "Cypher" is well done and adrenaline running Sci-Fi entertainment, highly recommended for people who like to use their brain power over time.
