This is a superbly imaginative low-budget Sci-Fi movie by cult director Vincenzo Natali. The film takes place as a cross between Phillip K Dick and Hitchcock and Cronenberg and the film takes on a unique feel like nothing you would have seen. The film is superbly filmed, I love cinematography, it looks fresh and original. Plot-wise the film explores themes similar to films like Total Recall, Dark City and Matrix and their rather basic Sci-fi material. Morgan Sullivan (Jeremy Northam) is a suburbanite who is bored with his life and has decided to take a job as a spy at Digicorp, a large technology corporation. He meets a recruiting officer in the beginning who brings Sullivan on board and instructs him on what he has to do. Basically, it involves going to conferences of rival companies and recording them via a pen-disguised satellite transmission device. It also means that he must assume a different personality and keep his wife secret. After his first job, things become strange, his habits change, his personality begins to differ and he suffers from neck pains and headaches, as well as nightmares. He meets a beautiful woman named Rita Foster (played by Lucy Liu, a curious intriguer). However, when he goes on his next job and sees her again, she proves to be an agent of some sort, which reveals that her job is not quite what it seems. He later discovers that he and the rest of the conference attendees work for Digicorp. The conferences are all covers to allow the company's men to brainwash their spies. Sullivan, whose alternate name is Jack Thursby, received a drug antidote from Digicorps and while the rest of the spies at the last conference plunge into what appears to be a dream of a day of brain death while the loudspeakers speak Speakers send in all of a sudden, room lights go out and Digicorp workers come in bright lights in every eye of the occupants to make sure they are not aware and, in a nightmare situation, bring head sets to each member who Digicorp is using these people as puppets and creating personalities and lives for these people while cleaning their very existence.Sullivan now must pretend that he fully believes that he is now Jack Thursby Digicorp wants to steal information from its Samways rivals and they want their own puppets to do it, now effectively control what these spies do, except for Sullivan. When Samways contacts Sullivan and discovers he has not been brainwashed, they decide to use him as a pawn to spy on Digicorp, making Sullivan a double agent. They know Digicorp sent Thursby to them to work on Samways and go through the system until he can get into a situation to download important company information that could wipe out the company. Samways realizes that it has been planted and decides that they will play along with Digicorp and allow Thursby to infiltrate their databases, but they will give Digicorp a suspicious disk that will ruin their system. The plot begins to spin and turn as both companies are using Sullivan as a pawn. He's stuck in the middle and Rita Foster is a mystery as he tries to figure out why she's helping him. When a mysterious third party gets involved, the person to whom it turns out that Foster works, Sullivan must decide whether to go to this freelancer agent, who can guarantee him a new life and security or keep up with one of the companies he works for. Tension builds to a stone's climax as it seems that everyone wants to get rid of it as soon as its usefulness expires. The cast is great. Northam is excellent and the subtlety in his performance is excellent. He brings a great visual aspect to his performance, his eyes tell a story and we see a great subtle change as his character changes from Sullivan to Thursby. Lucy Liu is sexy beyond belief and her presence gives a great dynamics to the film because it seems strange cast, but works because of that fact. The rest of the cast is also good. <br /> <br /> Director Natali, whose previous film was the cult classic science fiction Cube, has a true visual. He walks the film superbly too and gives it a great look. For a low-budget film, it features some imaginative visual effects, and although the CGI is not great, it never gets much focus to negatively affect the film. The film really brings feelings from The Matrix and other great science fiction films, is there with them. The plot almost becomes too complicated at times, but in fact it helps in a film like this, which is where the influence of Cronenberg and Lynch is evident. The film makes you constantly discover what is happening and genuinely surprises you throughout the process. This is, in general, an obvious cult classic and I can see this being incredibly popular when it's released in the States. **** 1/2 <br /> <br />
