This science fiction film funded by Filmfour is definitely a must see. Meanwhile it takes great influence from the Manchuria candidate and offers nothing new or original in terms of plot; He is treated with the greatest skill that seems to be new and inventive, although it is basically a repeat of an earlier film. It's good to know that movies like this are still being made (even though they are not being released on a large scale), and Cypher is refreshing for that reason. The plot revolves and turns, which gives it an element of paranoia and also serves to keep the audience on the edge of their seat while trying to discover the meaning of the mystery of Cypher. The plot follows Morgan Sullivan; a bored suburban man who decides to take a job at Digicorp that involves him listening to speeches from several rival companies and recording them for reasons unknown to him. However, his work is interrupted when he meets a mysterious young woman known as Rita ... <br /> <br /> This film features a series of white backgrounds that give it a surreal touch and match well with its apocalyptic image. of the future. This gives the film a very strange look that sets it apart from most other movies of the same type, with the only real affiliate being Kubrick's A Clockwork Orange. The plot is also very efficient and eliminates the development of the character in favor of the more elegant - and more exciting - storyline in development. You never know exactly where you are with the plot, which serves to make it even more intriguing. The acting is largely good with a cast largely unknown, supporting the star team; Jeremy Northam and Lucy Lui. Northam seems very much the part of the quiet and discouraged man at the center of the tale, and does well with his role. Lucy Lui is an actress who has a resume that does not fit very well into her talent but she has a look on her that fits in this movie. <br /> <br /> Cypher is far from perfect, since some of the sequences are illogical and sometimes can be inconsistent; but overall if you want a recent and inventive science fiction film; Cypher is the way to go.
