Was this based on a comic book? A videogame? A drawing of a 3 year old child? <br /> <br /> There's nothing in this movie to be taken seriously; not the characters, nor the dialogue, nor the plot, nor the action. Anything. We have high-tech international terrorists / criminals who fight like preschoolers, the steel-man resilience of Stallone in relation to the cold weather, dialogue so stupid that sometimes it's almost hilarious, and so on. Even the codename that bandits use is dumb ("tango-tango"). A movie that entertains with some suspense, good action sequences and a beautiful snowy mountain scenery. Ah, yes: and unintentional humor. <br /> <br /> The movie starts with some really bad and unconvincing gay pranks between our happy and cheerful characters who are obviously having a swell time. Then comes a rescue part with sweat induction failure, which should make anyone with height fear problems want to tear off the hair. And then we have a bad dialogue, and after that, another great action. This is the rhythm of the movie in a nutshell. <br /> <br /> Stallone's melodramatic exchange with Turner, when they meet after a long time, is so lathery, so clichéd, so false and so bad that it should force a laugh from any onlooker who trusts himself. Soon after this display of terrible dialogues, we are witnesses of a spectacular and excellent hijacking of an airplane. All the action is a great absurdity, but it's irrational fun at its best. While the rest of the action is thrilling and fun, the airplane scenes are truly the highlight of the movie. After landing, our masters-criminals look for a guide and end up with Stallone and Rooker. They tell Stallone to get the first case of money, but somehow they do everything to make it as difficult as possible for him to reach it; (so he can freeze) and do not give him the equipment he needs (so he can fall). DO THESE GANGSTERS WANT YOUR MONEY FAILED OR NOT ??? Very foolish. Apparently they do not trust Stallone, but surely they know they can always email him using Rooker as a hostage. However, our gangsters hamper Stallone's escalation, if not for logical reasons, at least to show us how truly evil they are - so there is no doubt. And for those who can still doubt how evil the bandits are, they exaggerate, boast and laugh in a truly evil way. Is everyone convinced? Good. You'd better be. Otherwise, the screenwriters will do a mass execution of twenty students, just to make sure the bad guys are clear to all. <br /> <br /> The old man who drives the helicopter ... How the hell did he fall into the trap? First, he must have been warned by the MTV airhead about the criminals, and second, he must have heard the voices of Stallone and Rooker on the walkie-talkies. A lot of idiot verbal exchanges happen, with Lithgow having the questionable honor of getting most of the silly lines. "Leave me alone!" Lithgow: "I did not even start climbing on your back." Or, Lithgow to Stallone: ​​"We had an agreement, but now we only have each other!" As for the band of Lithgow murderers: these guys never seem to want to kill immediately. They are very creative about it; they philosophize, pretend they are playing football with their body and so on. <br /> <br /> Stallone co-wrote this thing. I have no idea what drugs he was using when he did it. I would hate to think the script is so bad because of a low I.Q.
