Watching Cliffhanger makes me homesick in the early 1990s, when virtually all new action movies could be described as "Hard to Kill in One". Cliffhanger is "Die Hard on a Mountain", and very good, for what it is. <br /> <br /> But unlike Passenger 57 and Under Siege, who are decent clones of Die Hard on their own terms, Cliffhanger dispenses with the closed feeling of many action films and embraces breathtaking landscapes that, in his immensity, threaten to oppress and trivialize the conflicts of people fighting and dying among the peaks. Years before other films like A Simple Plan and Fargo dramatized crime and murder in snow-covered places, Cliffhanger's director Renny Harlin acknowledged the visual impact of the juxtaposition of brutal violence and fights grim to survive against a cold and indifferent natural environment. <br /> <br /> The opening sequence has already garnered many accolades. All this deserves: its intensity allows us to forget the artifice of the camera and the actors and simply believe that what we are seeing is really happening. Not even Harlin's shot of the stuffed animal, which is mightily effective but still threatens to become an excessive joke (and which he repeated in Deep Blue Sea), or the ridiculous expression on Ralph Waite's face, can lessen the power of the sequence . <br /> <br /> The next striking set is the shooting and assault aboard the jet. As written by Stallone and Michael France and directed by Harlin, the public is plunged into action because they do not know initially which agents are involved in the robbery and which are not: the two bloody crosses are completely unexpected. As Roger Ebert noted, the stuntman who made the air transfer between the aircraft deserves some special recognition. <br /> <br /> Later, during the wake of the avalanche, one of the terrorists / robbers seems to be falling as the wall of snow takes him down the mountain. As far as I know, no one was killed in the making of this movie (a little miracle, considering the extreme nature of some of the stunts), so obviously a dummy was used for the shot. But the shot itself remains impressive because we wondered how Harlin (or more likely one of the second-unit directors) knew exactly where to put the camera. <br /> <br /> I will take Sly Stallone as my action hero any day of the week because he is one of the few movie stars I have ever seen who is completely convincing as someone who can withstand a great deal of physical and emotional pain , and at the same time really feel this pain. The role of Gabe Walker really complements Stallone's strengths: he plays a more vulnerable type of action hero, giving an impressively understated performance as a mountain savior who needs redeeming himself. <br /> <br /> In contrast to many of the comic book-inspired post-Matrix action heroes, Stallone's Walker is an ordinary man who becomes a hero with no paranormal or computer-enhanced ability. In Cliffhanger, the hero almost freezes to death, and his clothes begin to show great tears when he barely escapes one dangerous situation after another. He shudders when hit and bleeds when cut, particularly following the cave, when he picks up a Rocky style from one of the crazy villains. <br /> <br /> It should be noted that villains are utterly despicable. really contribute to the effectiveness of the movie: when I first saw this movie as a teenager, I was rooting for the good guys every step of the way and anticipating when another evil guy would bite the dust (or rather the ice); at one point I actually applauded when one of the cooler characters in the movie deservedly suffered a violent death. The British accent of Lithgow is as unconvincing as the model airplane or model helicopter of the film, but he is fundamentally a good actor, and one of the few who can perfectly recite the idiotic dialogue: in one scene, looking at his hostages Stallone and Rooker, trying to decide what tasks to give them, he really says, "You, stay! You, look!" "Even a better actor like Anthony Hopkins could have had problems with that line. Even if Cliffhanger occasionally throws away credibility, he does it just because of a more entertaining show. At the beginning of the film, for example, Lithgow says openly to one of his men "Get out [Stallone] when he comes down." No real criminal mentor would have made that mistake, even unconsciously: his carelessness allows Rooker to scream a warning to Sly on the face of the rock, and this precipitates a tug of war between Stallone and the thugs who try to knock him down. "The rope tied to his leg." Lithgow could have given his order by more subtle ways, but the sequence might not have been so much fun to watch had it not given Rooker an opportunity to openly defy the arrogance of its captor. Made very much in the style of a matinee series of Saturday or (sometimes) a Western, Cliffhanger is built on a base so solid that it survives some weak elements that In addition to the painfully obvious aircraft models mentioned earlier, the weak moments include some scenes shot in cheap indoor scenarios with REALLY false snow, as well as two other scenes involving bats and wolves that seem unnecessary in an action-packed narrative. Finally, Harlin's decision to shoot some of the slow-motion death scenes seems pointless, since the technique does not contribute anything to the scenes. <br /> <br /> It's a shame that Stallone is too old for action movies because his character in this movie seems so credible that I inevitably wonder how it would be years later. But maybe Cliffhanger should be on his own all the time, without a sequel: there are already plenty of already tired and obsolete movie franchises. There was an unofficial sequence that was called Vertical Limit: compared to this clinker, Cliffhanger belongs to the list of the 250 largest IMDb. Rating: 8 (Very good, especially considering most of Stallone's other films).
