This film focuses on four criminals, locked in a prison wishing to escape their cell, hoping that a mysterious black magic book written by an ex-convict around 1920 has called Danvers to use spells to keep his skin young . Carrère's criminal business tactics (Gérald Laroche) put him in prison with three strange cellmates ... a raw transsexual Marcus (Clovis Cornillac), the love toy of Marcus Pâquerette (Dmitri Rataud) who eats objects who plays (and is in prison for eating his six-month-old sister) and obeys his charge as if "he" was his mother, and the scholar Lassalle (Philippe Laudenbach) who does not read, or eats breakfast. the latter being that he murdered his wife during that hour of the day). The film follows Carrère as he reads the book, trying to understand its meanings in the hope of finding a way out of his prison. Carrère loves his son, and for a time he believes his wife will get him out on bail earlier. When she betrays him, Carrère begins to simmer slowly with hatred and yearns to see and hold his beloved son. The toughest critic of Carrère is Marcus, who wants to be completely feminine while still recovering from various male traits, such as exercising and leading a foot leak. He talks hard and uses his muscle as a kind of tactic of fear, although deep down there is a world of vulnerability. Pquerette is completely under Marcus's control and behaves like a canine to his master. There is even an alarming scene where Pâquerette feeds on Marcus! Lassalle is a revealing mystery, opening up for us to slowly understand his hidden motives and what is inside his possibly sinister brain. Clearly intellectual, and holding possible secrets from others, Lassalle is really the one who keeps the motivation to follow the secrets of the book. So those who are not a threat to the book seek their "true" escape, not so much from the cell of four walls, but the cell that imprisons their true desires. After a certain murder, the book is played out of the room with a very fascinating character entering the film with a camcorder as if it were a new occupant ... who is that person and how does he understand the power of a book fades, and better yet, how to use it? One constant in this film is that each of the prisoners is seen many times while looking out the window at the world out of reach. <br /> <br /> I'm glad I had the chance to watch this movie. It works like "Monkey's Paw", the characters get what they want, but a price must be reached. There is blood in the film, amazing moments of graphic violence, but in my opinion, this is primarily a tale based on history. Blood is a product of what the book triggers. One of the members of the group gets twisted while suspended in the air, while a horrible opening act shows the carnage left in the wake of a man's desire. We see Danver's fate at the end, with a magnificent sequence of special effects about a child falling apart. Lassalle's fate is a masterful sequence of effects. I'll say that Maléfique, through the very rhythmic direction of Eric Valette, always kept my attention, and because it is an isolated film (about 95% of the film takes place in a singular place, the prison cell), it never seems to drag. I think it's a testament to interesting actors and fascinating characterizations, not to mention a compelling story using the supernatural to direct them.
