The French horror movie has had a revival in the last two years, with great films like Inside and Switchblade Romance coming on the scene. Maléfique preceded the rebirth just a little bit, but stands head and shoulders above the most modern horror titles and is certainly one of the best French horror films ever made! Maléfique was obviously filmed on a low budget, but this is compensated in far more ways than the originality of the film, and this, in turn, is complemented by the excellent writing and acting that ensure the film is a winner. The plot focuses on two main ideas; prison and black magic. The central character is a man named Carrère, sent to jail for fraud. He is placed in a cell with three others; the silently insane Lassalle, the bodybuilder Marcus and her retarded boyfriend, Daisy. After a short time in the cell together, they come across a hiding place on the wall containing an old newspaper. After translating part, they soon realize their magical powers and realize they can use it to break through the prison walls. <br /> <br /> Black Magic is a very interesting topic, and I really am quite surprised that there are no more films based on it as there is plenty of room for things to do with it. It's fair to say that Maléfique makes the best of his assets, despite his restrictions, the film never feels restrained and can flow well everywhere. Director Eric Valette offers a great atmosphere for the film; the fact that most take place inside the prison's central cell ensures that the film looks very claustrophobic, and this immensely benefits the central idea of ​​prisoners who want to use magic to get out of the cell - it's so easy to stand behind them! It is often said that the unknown is what really frightens people, and this movie proves that as the director ensures that we can never really be sure what exactly is right around the corner, and this helps ensure that Maléfique really is enough. spooky! The film is memorable for many reasons outside the central plot; the characters are all very interesting in their own way and the fact that the book itself almost assumes its own character is very well done. Anyone worried that the film will not deliver until the end will not be disappointed, as much as the ending makes sense and can be quite awful! Overall, Maléfique is a really great horror movie and one of the best of the decade - highly recommended viewing!
