If you are one of those who gladly recognize such mysterious titles as "Book of the Dead," "Book of Eibon," or "Necronomicon," then you should feel at home with Malefique, a movie that also features an occult book. , one with the power to change the fate of all involved. Discovered by four French prisoners dividing a cell, the fearsome object was placed on the wall by Danvers, a serial killer imprisoned in the 1920s; a man obsessed with rejuvenation and black arts before abruptly disappearing. The inventors of the book are Carrère (Gérald Laroche), a company fraudster, bought by his wife, Lassalle (Philippe Laudenbach), who aspires to be a woman, but at the same time builds body to execute an escape plan, the Pwquerette (Dimitri Rataud) who once ate his little sister, and "librarian" Marcus (Clovis Cornillac), supposedly mad for reading, who murdered his wife. Remembering the spectator of the equally bizarre and sensual male of Meat Loaf in Fight Club (1999), Lassalle begins as the dominant member of the quartet, one that is especially protective of the infant Pâquerette. With the coming of the book, however, and the general need to decipher its dangerous contents, Marcus assumes a growing significance. At first guaranteed bail in advance, however Carrère has little more than academic interest in events. Suddenly he also needs an urgent escape option and, as the prisoners experiment, Danvers' book begins to reveal some of his terrifying powers ... <br /> <br /> Staged largely inside a cell and between four or five characters, Malefy has a claustrophobic air entirely suited to the subject (as well as the limited budget of the filmmakers). Only at the beginning and then at the end did we leave the boundaries of the cell, a necessary opening that serves only to emphasize the condemned and closed nature of procedures elsewhere. Most of all, this is a movie about being stuck, whether as a victim of your criminal past or of occult events that are unfolding now. "I'm going to get away," says Carrère at the beginning of the film, wishing more than anything to be able to join his wife and son. Whether that happens or not will be a terrible price, and the great irony of the film is that the final form of an "escape" may not be one that a man can imagine. <br /> <br /> With all its budget constraints it is much to the credit of feature film director Eric Vallette that his film succeeds as well as it does. As critics have noted, it is a film with strong Freudian connotation - Lassalle's characteristic breasts and adult breastfeeding, for example; the image of a vagina that comes to life and develops an eye; the adult man who dissolves in a fetus; Danvers original placenta fetish; the dark cell as a primitive womb from which "delivery" is expected, etc. With so many interesting aspects to the script, Vallette hardly puts a foot wrong, and he manages to create a genuinely unsettling atmosphere of what, when it comes to it's just a matter of four guys, four bunk beds, a folding table and a book. There is a genuine and growing Friscian lovecraftian as men invoke the unnamable darkness from within their pages, while one or two moments - the flashing vagina mentioned earlier, or what finally happens to Pquerette - are eerily memorable. The pace of many of the shadowy events in Malefique is deliberate, rejecting the quick cut of many Hollywood productions: a video culture approach that often subverts the horrified look in favor of a quick fix and gore action. Perhaps it is a particularly European way, as you remember a similar, measured approach to the shocking hallucination taken in films such as Verhoeven's The Fourth Man (1983) - a film that also shares a particularly unpleasant image based on a prolapsed eye. <br /> Well defended at 1.85: 1, Malefique enjoys excellent performances and, if at least for this spectator, the conclusion was not as explicable as it could have been, it was worth the trip to the final. Arriving so early after the release of the well received Haute Tension (aka: Switchblade Romance, 2003), this is another reason to be grateful that good horror films are emerging once again from the French industry, this after a time when it seemed the only product that paid off came from Asia
