Good horror films from France are quite rare, and it's quite easy to see why! Whenever a talented young filmmaker releases a stunning new film, he emigrates to glorious Hollywood immediately afterward to direct the great remake of another great classic film! How can France possibly build a solid reputation for horror when its lavish directors leave the country after only one film? "Haute Tension" was a fantastic film and earned director Alexandre Aja a one-way ticket to the United States to remake "The Hills Have Eyes" (which he did tremendously, I might add). The long-running debut of Eric Valette, "Maléfique", was a very promising and engaging horror image too, and he already went to Hollywood, in addition to directing the remake of Takashi Miike's hit "One Missed Call." So you have it, two very talented Frenchmen who probably will not make any more films in their native country anytime soon. "Maléfique" is a simple but efficient chiller that requires some patience due to its slow start, but once the plot develops properly, it offers great atmospheric tension and a handful of wonderful special effects. The film takes place almost entirely in one place and has only four characters. We are inside a disorganized French prison cell with four occupants. The new arrival is a businessman condemned to make time for fraud, the elderly and "wise" prisoner sadistically killed his wife and then there is a crazy travesti and a mentally handicapped boy to complete the strange quartet. They find an old newspaper inside the wall of their cell, owned by a sickly killer in the 1920s who specializes in rites of black magic and supernatural ways to escape. Do the four prisoners begin to prepare their own escape plan using the bizarre formulas of the book, only to realize that the occult is something you should not stir? Eric Valette devotes oceans of time to the character drawings of the four protagonists, which occasionally result in redundant and boring subplots, but their reasons for it all become clear at the horrible climax when the book suddenly becomes some sort of Wishmaster. device. "Maléfique" is a dark movie, with claustrophobic tension trucks and various distorted details about human behavior. Watch before a wealthy American producer decides to remake you with four handsome teen actors in the unconvincing roles of hardcore criminals.
