"Maléfique" is an example of how a horror movie can be effective with nothing more than a well-executed storyline and heart. Its cast has no recognized names, does not have a big budget and certainly does not have the aspect of the visual effects; but it makes up for it with a clever, well-written script, an effective cast, and the vision of a director more focused on telling the story than delivering cheap emotions. Eric Valette may not be a well-known name yet, but with "Maléfique," his first feature film, he proves that he is at the level of contemporaries like Jeunet, Gans, or Aja. <br /> <br /> The film is the story of four prisoners in a cell, four different men with very different backgrounds, but with only one goal: to leave. Carrère (Gérald Laroche) is arrested after being found guilty of a multi-million dollar fraud; his cellmates, the violent Marcus (Clovis Cornillac), the intellectual Lassalle (Philippe Laudenbach) and the mentally challenged Pâquerette (Dimitri Rataud), are all convicted for murder and give Carrère a cold reception. Their personalities will collide as Carrère discovers an ancient book detailing how a former prisoner escaped using black magic. <br /> <br /> Written by Alexandre Charlo and Franck Magnier, "Maléfique" is a great blend of dark fantasy and horror in one very reminiscent of Clive Barker's stories. The strongest point of the film is the way he builds the characters, they all have very complex and different personalities, and much of the tension and suspense comes from their constant clash of personalities. The supernatural element of the story is very well treated and generally gives the film the feeling of reading a gothic novel. Despite being a film about four men locked in a room, the film never gets boring or tiring and, in fact, the isolation of the group increases the feeling of distrust, claustrophobia and, especially, paranoia. <br /> <br /> Director Eric Valette makes great use of the atmosphere, humor, and his cast to bring the story to life. Despite his obvious lack of budget, he has created a brilliant film that looks original, fresh and very attractive. His subtle and effective camera work helps make the film dynamic despite its unique location, and the slow pace of the film proves to be excellent for creating the heavy atmosphere of film isolation and mistrust. The very few special effects displays are very well done and Valette trades quantity for quality in the few and terrible scenes of blood. <br /> <br /> The characters are what make this movie work, and the cast definitely deserves credit. Gérald Laroche is excellent as Carrère, a man at first sight innocent, but who hides a dark past. Philippe Laudenbach and Dimitri Rataud are also very effective, especially Rataud in his very demanding role. However, it is Clovis Cornillac who steals the show with his performance as Marcus, a violent and disturbed man who deep down just wants to be himself. The characters are superbly developed and the cast takes full advantage. <br /> <br /> The film is fantastic, but it is not without its share of defects. Of course, the most notorious is the low budget. Some of the effects of CGI are a bit poor compared to the effective makeup and dentures used in other scenes, however, it's never too bad for that. Probably the bad thing about "Maléfique" is that it seems to lose some energy until the end when it focuses on supernatural black magic rather than the characters, not much of a bad thing, but the end may seem weak from that point . Anyway, "Maléfique" is another of those great horror films that come from France lately, and that deserves more recognition. Valette is definitely a talent to be followed, since this modest (yet complex) supernatural tale is sufficient proof of her abilities. Personally, this movie is a new favorite. 8/10
