Hal Hartley's influence on Adrienne Shelly's "I'll Take You There" is not obvious but clearly has links to her work (Shelly has previously starred in two of Hartley's films). Not only does your film exhibit a very rigid narrative, but hyper-stylized and extreme characters strangely make human emotion in a very real light. Although this film is not ironic in general (thank goodness), the subtle little ironies that pepper the piece allude to the bitter truths of love and loss. With beautiful cinematography and a soundtrack from the seventies, "I'll See You There" is a great independent film that does not rebel against postmodern irony in dealing with the miseries of love and the reality of human emotion. <BR> <BR> <BR> The film begins with Bill's life falling apart. Not only did he sell his best friend Ray to a beautiful country house, but his wife Rose left him to join Ray in the retreat. All washed up, Bill wallows in his own sadness and disgrace until his sister Lucy (played by director Adrienne Shelly) brings him all sorts of surprises: a self-help book and a "date" for his traumatized brother. <br /> <br /> The reluctant Bill tries to refuse, but Bernice's sudden appearance at his door leaves him no choice. Undoubtedly Bernice's initially superficial behavior and ridiculous hairstyle impair her ability to "recover" with her. However, his pseudo-hippie qualities bother him so much that he attacks her on the first date. And Berenice is so traumatized by his disparaging comments that she attaches herself to him, forcing herself upon him. To what end, we are not aware ... except perhaps because she is a psychopath. (And who better to play the psychopath than Ally Sheedy?) Knowing that Bill desperately wants to see Rose, Berenice offers her car, but with the condition that he take her somewhere first. On the way, she stops holding Bill prisoner with his own gun (a Pinkerton detective, no less). An imbroglio of anguish, resentment, redemption, passion, and violence happens as Bill and Berenice find their way to Ray and Rose's country house ... of course, with a few stops along the way.
