I was not born until 4 years after this wonderful show was first shown, but fortunately I was able to pick up the reruns of the mid 90's and the rest is history ... I was addicted. The premise was quite simple; two hardened Nemesis agents, Richard Barrett and Craig Stirling (William Gaunt and Stuart Damon) are partners of a specialist (if not young) physician and biologist (Sharron Macready) to head the bamboo curtain to recover a dangerous biological agent from being used by red porcelain. When fleeing, his plane is hit by a machine gun and falls into the heart of the Himalayas, where their lives are saved by a mysterious and unknown civilization that heals and improves the trio's senses, setting the stage for many people. exciting adventures to come ... <br /> <br /> The series lasted 30 long-time episodes and I think it was its relatively short duration, a season that established itself for cult status. Monty Berman, the producer, was notorious for doing things as cheaply as possible, and sometimes the show suffered from unbelievably kitschy sets - particularly in such episodes as "Happening" (a studio replacing the Australian backcountry) and Snow 'sets of "Operation Deep Freeze" and "The Beginning", but if you can get over it, and focus on the characters and the story lines, the show was actually a lot of fun. It had a great mix of adventure and a lot of impersonal humor (mainly from some incredible linings by William Gaunt). <br /> <br /> The chemistry of the three tracks was fantastic - you get the feeling that they are actually having a great time doing the show and this is confirmed in the 2005 reunion documentary, where the three meet after more than 35 years to reminisce about the show (and laugh about Anthony Nicholls awful wig!). They all shared equal screen time and everyone had their moments to shine. I have to say, I've always been a fan of Richard Barrett - I loved his sarcastic humor along with that dangerous edge - he was certainly a man you did not cross, and those eyes ........ the bluest eyes which you would probably see on TV. I have also followed Bill Gaunts' career with interest ever since. However, Craig Stirling would certainly have his legion of female fans and I'm sure Alexandra Bastedo had a whole line of male fans swooning over her as well. <br /> <br /> The show also had a plethora of stars invited to join with Donald Sutherland, Jeremy Brett, Peter Wyngarde, Burt Kwouk, Anton Rodgers, Kate O'Mara, Jenny Linden, Paul Eddington and Colin Blakely. Notable episodes for me were "Auto Kill," "The Interrogation," "The Fanatics," "The Mission," and "The Gilded Cage," but I'm sure every one has his personal favorites. <br /> <br /> If you have the chance to watch this show for the first time, or to watch it after many years, remember to watch it in the context of the time it was done and just sit back and to enjoy - the characters and chemistry of the three leaderships is what made this show so wonderful for me and I do not think I'm going to get tired of it. <br /> <br /> Have fun!
