In addition to some titles and the new Sherlock Holmes movie, I think I watched all the movies that Guy Ritchie directed. Twice. Needless to say, I'm a big fan and Revolver is one of the highlights. This movie is a very different approach from Ritchie, when you look at it comparatively with Lock, Stock ... and Snatch. Revolver prepares us for a kind of psychological thriller, as a game of chance lies at the mercy of a cluster of enemies he did not expect and a walk guided by redemption that he did not know he needed. In addition to seeing André Benjamin from OutKast with his acting ability, other prominent artists are Ray Liotta playing the maniacs Mr. D / Macha and Mark Strong as Sorter, the killer. <br /> <br /> After being sent to jail by a tyrannical casino owner, Macha, Jake uses his time alone to refine a plan to humiliate Macha and force his hand to compensate him for the seven years he has spent. When he gains a card game and accumulates a decent sum of Macha, Jake is on the verge of death when he collapses and is diagnosed with an incurable disease that has left him three days to live. A moneylender team, however, has an answer for him and a ticket to life only if he gives them all the money he has and give in to work for them, all in a move to overthrow Macha and show Jake how he is dangerous he made himself. In addition to having the air of death and a couple of loan sharks having a field day with their money, Jake also has to deal with a successful coup, which introduces Sorter - a successful man under the employment of Macha. The depth with the story comes when Jake realizes that some co-convicts with whom he has spent some time in solitary may well be the shark moneylender to catch him for all he has, creating all the unfortunate events that Jake seems to encounter. way inside. When confronted with this reality, however, Zack (Vincent Pastore) and Avi show Jake how twisted he has become because he is in solitary, having only the company of his mind and his ego, so that his real existence is even illusory for Jake. . The film unfolds to a process of humiliation for both Jake and Macha, as they both face their inner demons. <br /> <br /> The style of the movie is top notch, since you have the feel of the world of crime. represented and the characters that it includes. Although many nods in Ritchie's earlier films are here, he still has his own presence from dialogue, sets and experimental about the gangster genre. It is also a great journey to humility and recognize when you can easily leave your ego or a pre-defined notion masking your ability to accomplish what you want or overcome what you should. The characters are well-worked in this film, with all sides being deepened and, true to Ritchie's fashion, they are all tied by some lack of firmness that plays a key to everyone's business. I could and would like to talk about this movie and its unique nuances, but I do not want to take too much of it if you have not seen it yet. <br /> <br /> It may take a few sessions to go through all the complex layers, but it's a great movie and it should be seen. If you're lucky and have not seen the watery USA release, see if you can get the original UK version as it will be a great piece of discussion between friends as you try to guess their opinion. I saw it with my team in early 2006 and we're still talking about it with little things we learned today. It earned him his cult status, and is well-deserved as the movie in which Ritchie came out of the box and broke his standard a little. <br /> <br /> Highlight: "Fear or revere me, but please, think that I am special.We share an addiction.We are addicted to approval."
