OK ... this movie so far has been programmed by critics and poster members (though it's the devil's advocate, you might suggest that critics are often people who do not as filmmakers, and posters are often people who did not do this for themselves as critics) so I wanted to sit in Guy's corner with the magic sponge to maybe get to some people who have decided not to see the movie based on how everyone seems to be looking down their collective nose of approval for it . <br /> <br /> The film's biggest flaw in gaining widespread support is how unexpectedly complex it is. This has often been described as making the movie "inaccessible" to the viewer. The chronology of the film is relatively non-linear and the characters are used not only as a means of storytelling, but as a device to show us the subtle (or not so subtle) tips of prejudice we give to things when we send them to memory, that is. The character of Ray Liotta brandishing a weapon saying that the words "fear me" is portrayed as tragically pathetic (from Statham's point of view) or interrogative and audacious (from Liotta's point of view). This is just one example of Ritchie's much more mature approach to filmmaking with Revolver, we have a story that is quite archetypal (the strong, but silent, anti-hero is released from prison with a scoreboard to solve, but it is attracted) inadvertently into a world of corruption ... I mean, it's painting by movie noir numbers here guys, all the way up to the vague poetic choice of diction and the voices gritty), but then Guy took this picture to make a series of extremely philosophical and complex points. <br /> <br /> Take the scene where Jason Statham's character conflicts with a car. This disposable sequence might have been emitted by the film and made no difference in the story ... but Ritchie is arguing about how little events like receiving a phone call can make the difference between life and death. <BR> So the final act of the movie is quite incomprehensible, I would get op * ss if I said I did not spend the last 20 minutes or so of the movie changing to my date "uh ... wtf?" ... but this is the most despicable reason to disregard a work of art. It's very easy not to like something because you find it difficult to understand. And even easier to say "well no one else seems to understand this, then it must be a real shit!". In my humble opinion, Revolver is an elegant, complex and mature piece of modern art that must be received in the same way as the Saatchi Brothers' work. If we choose this opportunity to say collectively "Ah, sh * t, I wanted a movie about a load of bloody" cock-in-nit loll gangsters ... Guy Ritchie is a tit! "then the day will come when filmmakers will only be able to do what is expected of them by rude and bad people.Just because Guy has made a name for himself with funny and insolent cockney jokes, does not mean he can not be deep without being" pretentious. "Funny people can also be considerate.
