I would highly recommend families, if possible, to show this just for older children. Some of the things in this movie may be too disturbing for the little ones. Now that this is out of the way, let me explain about this movie. documentary of a male fox, who in the beginning is protecting his territory and looking for a mate. The start with the gorgeous sunrise and musical score, is breathtaking. You better dive as much as possible into the scenario, it will get ugly afterwards. They gave both the fox and the fox names, but I do not remember what they are for the likes of me. He fights this invading male, to gain his love. They later create a lair, and the fox gives birth to four adorable puppies, one of which is blind. There are many happy and fun times with the fox family, but tragedy and bad luck come too soon. The second victim is the mother, who by stealing chickens is fooled by a dead chick hanging on a pole. She unknowingly walks in a foot trap. While trying to escape, she rips part of her foot, causing her to bleed to death. The rest of the fox family is forced to see her die under a tree. The male is now a single father, forced to take over mother and father. He alone has to teach them the skills that and need for life. Then proves not to be enough, when two of the now grown puppies meet an ugly fate on their own; thanks to the carelessness and cruelty of the man. I will not spoil the amazing end for you, but it shows the farmer and his dogs near his tail. And it is a well-deserved end after the public and the family of the fox was I wanted to say that I saw it when it first came out in the early 80's, when we had something called Showbiz cable. I was only 4 when I saw her, but I never understood why they would not let me. Now I know why, after I secretly watched it when it came to Disney when I was 9 years old. I felt emotionally gutted after seeing all this bad happening. I was brought to tears. But as dark and ugly as it was, it serves a purpose. To let people know what's going on with these and other types of animals, and why they're in danger. This documentary wanted to get the message out about this endangered species, and I hoped it would work. It's not fake like the real-life Disney movies, they do not teach why animals are being extinguished. The invasion of the land, the killing of the foxes, the main prey and the foolish murder of these beautiful animals resulted in their threat. I would like them to make sequels for this movie, (Glacier Fox 2005) to see if they are being treated better. be about a fox cub named Teresa and her brothers growing up. This movie also kind of reflects what happens to human families sometimes, especially when one parent suddenly dies. The surviving parent assumes the role of both and tries to teach the important lessons of life. It is not always enough to protect them when they are adults, especially when some of their lives becomes ruined. Or they fall victim to tragedy themselves. Best all around soundtrack and sheet music that I've heard.
