Life is not going badly for Harry Mitchell, he is a major of the former Air Force (plus a small retirement that I imagine), who is investing in money for a patent he developed (melting titanium and steel via explosive process, creating super-metal for NASA), and his wife in his twenties remained in good nick. He has a small block in LA. I like to see visions of 80's consumer dream, and you have a nice slice here, with the restored silver Jag (an E-type 1 roadster) for it, and the lovely old dollhouse for it (just like me I'm sure other trinkets and boys toys). Does it always have to be more, though it did not exist? So Harry, himself, engages in some romantic adventures (you're as old as the woman you're feeling). As in many noir films, an error, in a less stained life, leads to a downward arc for Harry. <br /> <br /> Three blackmailers throw themselves at him. These are where the value is to me, great actors of characters doing very convincing roles. Bobby Shy (played by Clarence Williams III) is a black ex-convict who is capable of performing incredible psychopathic acts to avoid arrest and punish double cruisers. He is reminiscent of Pluto, the psychopathic black ex-convict addict of Carl Franklin's well-known neo-noir "One False Move" (1992). There is a similar motivation, I believe. Both men have had enough of the man, and pretty much everyone, in extremis. Robert Trebor plays Leo Franks, a pansy who runs a parlor nudie where men can photograph nude models for $ 25 for half an hour, and $ 50 for an entire hour (someone else laughed at the lack of discount?). He's on top of his head, and it's great to watch Trebor act when Leo begins to feel the heat, the collapse believable. John Glover wins as Alan Raimy, who is the brain of the plot, a really brilliant man who becomes a pornographer and transforms into a life of crime by pure sociopath boredom. He is a sexual sadist and does some particularly nasty things during the movie, including what I believe to be a fairly well-implied rape (pay attention to reading your RAP sheet, it's easy to miss, and read between the lines to the scene of the motel with "Slim"). In common with One False Move, though not exclusively, I think the real impact of the film lies in the uncommonly communicative scenes of violence. So far so good, but I think there's a real problem with the movie. Harry Mitchell is told at one point that he has his "tit on the juicer". My problem is that Harry Mitchell is played by Roy Scheider. The protagonists of Roy Scheider never lose, they are self-confident and soft, but not in an irritating way. I feel like I'm being asked to believe that your character is in danger, the film depends on it for a dramatic tension; however I did not believe it. For me it's like being invited to believe that Sandra Bullock's character will end up sleeping alone at the end of a romantic drama, or the character of Stephen Seagal will be overthrown by the bad guys (actually happened in a movie, but it was done. of shock). Roy Scheider also does not convince as an adulterer, you do not feel any annoyance with him, your character is clothed with Teflon. <br /> <br /> He also looked like a movie that had some cuts. At 110 minutes, it still seems underdeveloped: Harry's wife, Ann Margaret, is pretty much a cardboard clipping, an extension of Harry, his past history when a politician running for office receives little attention. The effect the case has on Harry's marriage is not properly communicated. This could be a problem for Frankenheimer, he is not known for character development. I never felt that Harry was dealing with little more than an openly irritating and erroneous IRS tax return. <br /> <br /> There is good noir violent content in this film, but I feel that in the excellent support, Harry's cast could have been made better (no disrespect to the great Roy Scheider). The movie was short, even with the long run time, and I think it could have taken some more details. <br /> <br /> But you really can not forget the sleaze, like Harry's deliciously perverted scene taking pictures. of Doreen in the nudie living room.
