Now I've read some negative comments for this show on this site and frankly I'm shocked. For someone to even think that the Sopranos are not Television, then I'm afraid of not knowing where the world has come from. Let me tell you something. I started watching many TV shows like Lost, Prison Break, Dexter, Deadwood and even Invasion. But all those shows lost their touch after the first season, especially Lost and Prison Break, which I refuse to watch, because the companies took two great ideas and massacred them for more than one season. Then we have the Sopranos. I can honestly say that this is the only TV series I've ever watched where I've been fascinated all season, and more importantly, all its episodes. There is no department in which this spectacle does not stand out. Performance - Nothing less than excellent. James Gandolfini is one of my favorite actors and I feel that his acting is absolutely stunning in every episode, after hearing that HBO wanted Ray Liotta to play Tony, I felt it would be the best choice, however, after watching the first . episodes, I knew that HBO had done a great job casting James as Tony. The raw emotion he displays is superb. So we have all the others, Edie Falco, Michael Imperioli, Lorraine Bracco, Dominic Chianese (which I remembered as Johnny Ola in the Godfather Part 2) and my two favorite characters Tony Sirico and Steve Van Zandt Paulie 'Nuts' Gualtieri and Silvio Dante . All these actors act with the best quality, and all giving an excellent performance in each episode. So we have the story, I've never been so sucked into a TV show before. The story is nothing short of excellent. Each episode is superbly conducted and the Score of this show is simply fantastic. I feel that The Sopranos is a show that I can watch over and over again and never get bored. It has everything from hilarious humor to brutal violence, but it still is and always will be the best thing that has ever graced the television, and I challenge anyone to find a real flaw in the show. Do not just say it's too violent, or they feel that Tony's character is immoral, I mean it's a mafia show at the end of the day, I do not think the characters are going to be very honest or loyal to God. . I beg everyone to watch this show because, believe me, you will be hooked from the first episode, I went and even got some friends who first refused to watch the show, getting interested in it. Trust me when I say that this show is a godsend compared to the crap that comes on TV. After you watched the first season, you will inevitably agree with me when I once again say that this program dominates television, and none current or future TV show will never overshadow the wonder that is The Sopranos.
