Although "The Sopranos" is yet another gift from the mega-hit "The Godfather" and sequences, which dramatized and to some extent glamorized the mob, "The Sopranos" takes another turn. Do not dress up, class mafiosos here with houses in Lake Tahoe and stakes in Vegas casinos - these guys are goombahs, with a waste management front, they deal with things that fall in the back of trucks, topless bars, cash protection - in short, what the neighborhood crowds were. <br /> <br /> The colorful characters dominate this series, which does not retain sex and graphic violence. Tony Soprano (James Gandolfini) is a mob boss with a wife and two children, living in New Jersey, who suffers panic attacks while trying to balance his biological family with his mafia. To get to the bottom of his attacks, he sees a psychiatrist, Jennifer Melfi (Lorraine Bracco), who is afraid of him and still draws to him at the same time. Tony's henchman - Paulie, his nephew Christopher, his Uncle Junior (the head of the mob), his good friend Pussy - are totally superficial characters. As we have learned to go through the series, there are enemies not only from the outside, but from within, and one of these enemies includes the sick but horrible mother of Tony (Nancy Marchand), who convinces Junior that Tony is a danger to him. Tony's sister, Janice, is looking for money at her mother's house with a stethoscope and a Geiger counter. Tony has problems as a lover, and a wife (Edie Falco) who tolerates much because he loves him, while maintaining ties with his Catholic religion. "The church disapproves of divorce," she tells a woman contemplating a separation. "Let the Pope live with him," is the answer. As for the problems of Tony's lover, his psychiatrist points out that Tony is attracted to demanding women for whom nothing is enough and asks if it sounds familiar. Yes, it sounds like his mother. <br /> <br /> I'm a descendant of Italians, and yes, I'm sick of Italians being shown in a negative light and everyone assuming that all Italians are mobsters. However, you can not help liking this program, which is a constant reminder of our culture. (Thanksgiving, it is pointed out, it is not turkey and sweet potato pie - it is the antipasto, the manicotti, the meatballs and endive and then the bird!) Not to mention, the correct pronunciation of words like melenzana (mullinyan) (scarole), manicotti (manigot) etc. The only thing not Italian about Tony is that he does not have a finished basement, something unheard of in the rest of my family (except that my parents have also never had one). The highlights of this program are Gandolfini, as a relentless gangster on antidepressants, Falco, who is brilliant as his wife, and Bracco as the tortured Jennifer. But everyone is excellent. If you can take violence and language, this is a great show, a relentless picture of New Jersey Mafia life.
