The Sopranos is probably the most acclaimed TV series of all time, so, of course, my expectations were on the ceiling and yet the show surpassed them. I love the genre of mafia and crime in the movies and I like to follow the compelling stories of these worlds, but that's much more than that. Over 86 hours of material give the story a chance not only to be one of the most exciting and unpredictable mafia / action stories but also a great family drama, a shocking character study, a high comedy, a brilliant psychological examination that deals with the nature of good and evil, and an artistic intellectual collaboration of dreams and hallucinations representative, all in one. David Chase's epic series succeeds in accomplishing all that and more, and cementing HBO as the closest TV that can reach cinematic perfection, paving the way for several other series to keep the public away. <br /> <br /> Realism is present when it is needed, but Chase's decisions to move away from him to effect on occasions of "dream episodes" and the like only add more layers to the series. Chase - along with a strong team of writers, including Matthew Weiner and Terrence Winter, future creators of Mad Men and Boardwalk Empire, respectively - turns New Jersey into an intricate universe filled with the largest cast of characters I've ever seen on TV. /> James Gandolfini dominates the show as Tony, one of the most innovative TV characters of all time. Tony sticks to half the pop culture mafia stereotypes, but he challenges the other half completely, and through his family interactions and his therapy sessions with Dr. Melfi (Lorraine Bracco, with whom he has considerable chemistry that ensures that the scenes therapy always has a completely different feel from the rest of the show), we see almost every side of Tony Soprano and we learn that he is more of a man than expected. <br /> <br /> Edie Falco combines with the power of Gandolfini's performance as Tony's wife, Carmela. From his mixed feelings about Tony's lifestyle, his suspicions about murder, his torment over Tony's cheating, his own thoughts about infidelity, Carmela runs the range of emotions over 6 seasons and Falco makes her the main vehicle for non-mafia viewers have eyes on such a corrupt world. Scenes between Tony and Carmela provide some of the most painful and realistic dramas ever seen on television. <br /> <br /> The supporting cast is almost as phenomenal, and a wide variety of characters populate the cast throughout all six seasons, somehow without redundancies. Nancy Marchand steals the show as Tony's mother Livia, an insight into Tony's personality problems and panic attacks. The familiarity of the incessant complaints of Marchand is almost horrifying, since she takes the character so far. Michael Imperioli is Christopher, Tony's protégé, whose various bad choices lead him down a painful road to watch, but brilliantly executed. Drea De Matteo plays Christopher's girlfriend, Adriana, and is so well-meaning and caring that his character is somber as he becomes very involved with Christopher's career. Tony Sirico is Paulie, introduced as the greatest mafia stereotype and comic book source, but eventually he becomes one of the most sympathetic and complex characters in the show, and no one touches real rage better than him. And that's just the tip of the iceberg. <br /> <br /> Faces known as Peter Bogdanovich, Jon Favreau, Ben Kingsley, Lauren Bacall, Will Arnett, Nancy Sinatra, David Strathairn, Robert Patrick, Hal Holbrook, Burt Young. , and Eric Mangini makes appearances throughout the show, while such notable names as Joe Pantoliano, Steve Buscemi and Steven Van Zandt have regular roles as lead characters in the series. There are over 50 great characters with powerful bows, and the excitement and tension never diminish in any of the various sub-shows during the show. <br /> <br /> Comical elements and whole episodes full of brilliant hilarity dilute the dramatic intensity of the driving force. of the series, which is so versatile that, for a reason or enough, the credits of almost any episode left me a bit disconcerted. The Sopranos are the most powerful and addictive series I've ever seen in general, and their highs are so incredulous that I would have to call it my favorite show, despite debatable lows (most of which I disagree with). <br /> <br /> If you love or hate the ending, or what you make of it is irrelevant: the discussion that he created is an achievement in itself. The iconic nature of the entire series makes it an essential part of television history. There are several elements for someone to love and marvel at this program, so if you are thinking of watching something else, do yourself a favor and fuhddaboutit.
