It's probably not fair that I've been able to see most of all the interesting comments about the Sopranos and then add what people forgot but oh well ....... From the point of view of acting, how can any actor fail with these characters? Each one mesmerizing and intense in their pursuits of life. Tony Soprano - while a "Capo" crowd and suffering from mental illness, still sees his life in front of him and knows what has to be done to survive. Each of your men, you see your lives virtually from within as the truest form of voyeurism. This definitely brings a kind of "nosy" into all viewers, and I get myself into it! <br /> <br /> While some of the above do not connect to Bracco, I have to say that this is the newest role she has had in years since the Good Fellas. It is Tony's side that makes him listen to reason, which makes him decent, which gives him rest in dealing with his human emotions that he has not felt for so long, or ever. She is simply put, her savior. (Not speaking in religious tone) <br /> <br /> But the performance of the knockout here is undoubtedly Edie Falco. To see her role as guardian in another acclaimed HBO series, "Oz" and then see her as Livia is the highest praise for any actor or actress. She has transcended the boundaries of a recognizable actress, something that only actresses like Merle Streep can get away with. Kind of a chameleon quality to transcend roles. But as I mentioned before, with characters as strong as these, how can any actor fail? Livia's strength lies in her daily affirmation of faith in herself. She is a survivor because she expects her husband and family to be survivors. She is prepared for the worst because she knows the risks of her husband's business, but knows that the lifestyle she has is more than most Jersey women. She is wise if she is not wiser and more experienced on the streets than Tony himself. <br /> <br /> In short, the biggest crime of the Soprano Family is that the viewer has to wait until January 2000 to see the next season. That in my opinion is the worst thing in the HBO series. It was what brought the Larry Sanders Show, Sex and the City, Dream On, and others back to earth in popularity and eventually killed them. Plenty of space between the stations and very sporadic. Until then, I will watch the reruns in the hope that this programming gap will be filled.
