Not only the stories of "The Sopranos" attract audiences from around the world, but I think (at least to me) what brings viewers back is acting. (Not even you, Gary, can dispute this statement) James Gandolfini, who plays the protagonist, Tony Soprano, has become (in view of this viewer) one of the "Hollywood Elites" when it comes to acting on a television series. I would not compare it to Robert DeNiro or Al Pacino, or at least not just yet. He does, however, do a great job playing Tony Soprano. In the years since 1999, Gandolfini has grown so much as an actor (mainly thanks to his role in The Sopranos) that today he is considered one of the best in the industry. And it's not just him. "The Sopranos" has a large supporting cast, including Lorraine Bracco, Edie Falco, Michael Imperioli, Dominic Chianese and the late Nancy Marchand, who played Tony's mother. At this point in the existence of the show, is being considered a cult classic and rightly so. The first two seasons were extraordinary. Violent and horrifying quite often, but no doubt, extraordinarily done. The third season was great, but did not match the hype of seasons 1 and 2. The fourth season, which ended before the new years, was the weakest season (or at least, in my opinion, was). Despite a dry spell, I still find it (season 4 of "The Sopranos") more fun than most of its competition and that's a lot because lately I've noticed a trend in good new television shows. Examples of this: Six Feet Under, The Shield, Curb Your Enthusiasm and OZ (which is not technically a new show but ended with an unforgettable final season this year). Coming back to my point, considering a show better than the whole competition for a particularly bad year, not least, is a great achievement by writers. "The Sopranos" ranks above and beyond all the other television shows in its day and its writers deserve a lot of credit. To conclude, I would like to say: "The Sopranos" is the real staff. For the mature middle viewer (17 and above) who likes drama and does not mind a mix of a bit of violence and swearing, you might want to check out "The Sopranos" if you have the chance. Trust me, it will be worth the time.
