I can not add much to the positive comments already made here - great acting, balanced writing, multifaceted characters, a great anti-hero in Tony, great commentary on millennial American life. The full use of psychiatry, along with Tony's mother's problems, is especially new and humorous. Several other characters add a lot of depth - the interesting story of Hesh as a stranger intruding, the irresponsible total irresponsibility of Ralphie, the dual desires of Chris in life, and so on. <br /> <br /> I have to delve into some of the criticisms, however, especially the "glorifies Italian-American violence / disparagement". Most writers and actors are Italian Americans, would they attack each other? There are several positive Italian-American characters - Artie Bucco, the chef, Dr. Melfi and his family, and the Cusamanos alongside the Sopranos. In fact, Melfi's ex-husband notes in the first season that only a small minority of Italian Americans have had connections to the Mafia (certainly less than the proportion of African Americans involved in the crime, I dare say.) In both cases , poverty and lack of opportunity are the major causes). <br /> <br /> Most characters do not really choose the life they have; family history or circumstances to a large extent cornering them. Outside people (even of Italian actions) who try to integrate themselves with it usually satisfy distressing ends - Matthew and his friend in the second season, for example. If you criticize this show, I suppose Frasier made you want to be a psychiatrist, or did Will & Grace make you want to go homosexual? Presumably you will not hear rap music discussing gangs, or r'n'b discussing promiscuity, or rock music that discusses drugs (or any other combination)? People are not as stupid as some of you can ... <br /> <br /> Not everything is perfect though. Many characters have appeared only once, when by all logic they should have been seen or at least mentioned in earlier episodes - Tracee, the dancer, Meadow's friend, Ally, Uncle Junior's friend (supposedly for 20 years until they separated in Season 1).
