I love Midnight Cowboy and have it in my video collection as it is one of my favorites. What's interesting to me is how when MIDNIGHT COWBOY came out in 1969, it was so shocking to viewers that it was rated X. Of course, at that time X meant maturity. Since I was only two years old at the time of the movie's release, it's hard for me to imagine how shocked the viewers were back then. However, when I try to take into account that many of the topics covered in the film, which included prostitution (the title itself was a slang for a male prostitute); homosexuality; solitude; (and to some extent emotional as well) physical abuse and drugs are difficult for many people to talk about until today, I can begin to get an idea of ​​what viewers in this movie thought about their release. It is worth noting that in the 1970s, the MIDNIGHT COWBOY was demoted to an R rating and although still rated R, some of the scenes could almost be classified as PG-13 by current standards. <br /> <br /> I want to give a brief synopsis of the plot, although it is probably known by almost everyone who has heard of the movie. Jon Voight plays a young man named Joe Buck of Texas who decides he can become a great man in New York City with wealthy women. He emulates cowboy actors like Roy Rogers wearing a cowboy outfit thinking that this will impress women. After being rejected by all the women he met, he meets a con artist named Enrico "Ratso" Rizzo, played by Dustin Hoffman. Ratso convinces Joe that he can make all kinds of money if he has a manager. Once again, Joe is deceived and in a short time he is homeless. However, Joe encounters Ratso and is asked to stay in a dilapidated apartment. Without giving much more of the plot, I want to say that the rest of the film deals with Joe and Ratso as they try to help each other in the attempt to realize their dreams. I.E. Joe doing this as a gigolo and Ratso going to Florida, where he thinks he can regain his health. <br /> <br /> I want to make some comments about the movie itself. First of all, the acting is great, especially the leads. Although the film is really very sad from beginning to end, there are some classic scenes. Actually, there are some scenes that, while not funny, I find fun. For example, there is the classic scene in which Dustin Hoffman and Jon Voight are walking down a city street and a taxi practically runs over them. Dustin Hoffman knocks on the cab and says "Hey, I'm walking here! I'm walking here!" I have fun with this scene because it is so typical of New York City where so many people are in a hurry. Another scene that comes to mind is the scene in which Ratso (Dustin Hoffman) sends Joe (Jon Voight) to a guy named O'Daniel. What's fun is that at first we think O'Daniel is there to recruit gigoloos and can see why Joe is getting so excited, but then we begin to realize that O'Daniel is nothing but a crazy freak. In addition to the two scenes I mentioned, I love the scene where Ratso and Joe are arguing in their apartment when Ratso tells Joe that his cowboy outfit only attracts homosexuals and Joe says in self-defense "John Wayne! You're going to tell me he's <br /> <br /> I would say that even though MIDNIGHT COWBOY was set in the late 60's, a lot of that sounds true today, because even though the area in Around 42nd Street in New York has been cleaned up in the form of Disneyfication in recent years, homelessness is still as prevalent as it was 40 years ago. In addition, many people have unrealistic dreams of how they will become great only to have his dreams destroyed, as was the case with the character Jon Voight.A thing that strikes me about the character of Jon Voight is how he is a survivor and I felt that at the end of the film, he matured a lot and that Ratso Dustin Hoffman) was a good in creep over it. <br /> In conclusion, I mean that I suggest that when watching this movie, the person should watch it at least sometimes because there are so many things going on. For example, there are a lot of flashbacks and dream sequences that made more sense to me after a few shows. Also, what I find interesting is that there is a lot in this movie that is left to the interpretation, like what really happened to Joe Buck (the character of Jon Voight) and the people who were in his life in Texas. Even the ending, although I do not want to give it to those who have not seen the movie, is quite open.
