This is a great example of a good and idiotic movie. No, it's not high art by any means. The script is not even close to a Woody Allen or Mel Brooks. BUT AND SO! The series Killer Tomatoes (four films and a cartoon series) are basically humorous dolls happily trampling on the kind of territory the Zuckers ruled before they started making serious films. <br /> <br /> As the title suggests, this fourth installment of the Killer Tomatoes trilogy deals with the Killer Tomatoes conspiracy against France. In this case, Professor Gangrene (third time in the role of John Astin) has a plan to govern France through an ancient prophecy about the return of the legitimate king of France. Steve Lundquist returns as Igor, a humanoid tomato who wants to be a sports presenter and who, by chance, is a revival of the long-lost King of France. Obviously he also interprets the aforementioned K of F, jabbing happily the French language. Opposing them is the fearless Fuzzy Tomato (like the others, FT was introduced in the second film and would be the main character in the cartoon) and their human allies. Mark Price, recently unemployed as a result of the completion of the FAMILY TIES series, plays a disguised version of himself, passing himself as "Michael J Fox" as a way to conquer the girl of his dreams. And Angela Visser is a dream like Marie, jumping happily between brazen virginal sexuality and bordering psychosis. Oh that former Miss Holland has had more than a movie career! Another returning member of the company Killer Tomatoes is Rick Rockwell (now better known as the unfortunate title track of "Who Wants to Marry a Millionaire?"). Like co-creator John De Bello, Rockwell works both front and behind the camera in this series. <br /> <br /> What can you say about Jon De Bello? Not much, actually, except he had a singular vision and managed to achieve it and, having done so, apparently fell into obscurity. John, if you see this, thank you for giving us the Assassin Tomatoes. <br /> <br /> The script is heavily but not obnoxiously aware that this is just a movie. Like RETURN OF THE KILLER TOMATOES, the action occasionally leaves the set for the middle of the film crew. And Mark Price has a funny forum to complain about his own lack of success compared to his former colleague Michael J Fox. This is the biggest budget of all Killer Tomatoes movies and is a good release for the series. Ok, the show has changed to Fox Kids as a cartoon series (which was also quite clever), but the cartoons are not the same.
