Acid, uninterrupted, and beautiful, John Schlesinger's masterpiece is no less effective today than it was 35 years ago when American life was even more disorienting. The film probably could not have been made at any other time in history because many uprisings were occurring in the late 1960s: the final dissolution of the Great American West, the intensification of the Vietnam War, and the clash of social ideals that were disconcerting in variety. <br /> <br /> Midnight Cowboy is widely known as the only Oscar-winning movie to get an 'X' rating, but there is much more behind its fame; also exceeds the norm as a work of art. Although this film (from James Leo Herlihy's novel) has much to say about the erosion of American life, it transcends the politics of the 1960s by looking at the hidden bonds of friendship and dealing with themes familiar to man in every age. The two main characters, in fact, are standard anti-heroes - men who have nothing grand to offer but much to give vent to our world. <br /> <br /> The initial focus of 'Midnight Cowboy' is 28 years old. Joe Buck, a physically imposing Texas native played by Jon Voight. In the opening scenes, we followed Joe's bus ride to New York, where he plans to use one of his few genuine talents - the ability to please women - and earn his fortune as a cheater. We learn by coming in that Joe is ridiculously naive in the sex trade. Dressing as a cowboy and proclaiming himself a "stallion," the young Texan stumbles upon his first tricks before joining Rizzo (Dustin Hoffman) of Enrico 'Ratso', a sick swindler and Bronx thief. Ratso, who is short, lean and limp, proves little monetary help for Joe. They quickly run out of money, and as life gets worse in the winter months, Joe and Ratso quake in a condemned Manhattan apartment building with only a dollar or square meal in their names. It is in this period that a strong friendship develops between them, the two men trusting each other to fight against tremendous odds. <br /> <br /> Throughout the film, Joe goes back to previous years in Texas, including life with his life. grandmother Sally (Ruth White), who served as guardian; his relationship plagued with 'Crazy' Annie (Jennifer Salt), a notorious local girl; and a traumatic event in which Joe and Annie were beaten up by townspeople who wanted to end the love affair. For much of its time, 'Midnight Cowboy' brings together a series of flashbacks, dream sequences and psychedelic images that illuminate the main characters while distorting their scenarios. For every moment of understanding we gain from Joe and Ratso, more questions about their lives are generated. Both men are undoubtedly in tatters; they have no clear sense of direction until Ratso falls at the height of the disease and Joe finally feels a purpose to be alive. This revelation takes the 'Midnight Cowboy' to its conclusion, somewhat hopeful in a very somber story. <br /> <br /> Although Joe and Ratso desperately need a bit of luck, John Schlesinger's direction is clearly outlined and uses the courage. atmosphere of Waldo Salt script, allowing Voight and Hoffman to thrive. Their interactions seem extremely natural and the support cast, which features Sylvia Miles, Brenda Vaccaro and members of Andy Warhol's clique, offers itself as an essential part of the plot. The flashback sequences involving Voight, Ruth White and Jennifer Salt are particularly impressive to deal with the chagrin of lost time. <br /> <br /> Anyone who is wondering about the psychedelic era is advised to watch this movie thanks to the excellent cinematography of Adam Holender ('The Boy Who Could Fly', 'Smoke') and Hugh's Edition Robertson ('Shaft'). The 'Midnight Cowboy' visuals work with his soundtrack (set by John Barry) as a cohesive unit, sometimes predicting music videos of the past two decades. The main song Everybody's Talking is sung by Nilsson, which was used as a temporary track during the editing phase. The memorable harmonica theme is played by Jean 'Toots' Thielemans. "Midnight Cowboy" was released in a two-disc collector's edition by MGM / UA, which features expanded features and comments. Also available is a 1998 DVD release (used for this review), which offers widescreen and dual standard with 5.1 Dolby Digital sound enhancement; subtitles in three languages ​​and closed caption; French "dubbing"; a trailer for theatrical release (not the original as advertised); and an eight-page production booklet. Both DVD editions contain a restored version of the 25th anniversary of the film, showing its original brilliance. Well deserving of its three Oscars (best film, Schlesinger, Waldo Salt) and additional nominations (Voight, Hoffman, Sylvia Miles, Hugh Robertson), Midnight Cowboy will surely take its place in the list of immortal classics. • 4 ½ of 4
