Midnight Cowboy opens with a run in the Drive In theater with the voice of the main character Joe Buck (Jon Voight) singing in the shower. He's singing a cowboy song, the same thing he struggles to be. Joe gets his monotonous life living in Texas and takes him to New York City with the dream of many women and even more money. He dresses as the epitome of the cowboy, but in a caricature, not even his friends take him seriously. He begins his journey on the bus to New York and we can quickly see how Joe is diluted through his interactions with other passengers. This is mainly a story of Joe's achievement of the harsh real-world realities. <br /> <br /> He starts out as a very naive southerner thinking he can get to New York just for his good looks. He has no other reason to think otherwise, for they have proved useful in the past; we learn this from the many flashbacks he has. At first, the flashbacks are filmed in a way that portrays them as somewhat eccentric. They are hazy and the voices sound as if they are coming from a great distance, as they are, they are coming out of their past. However, as Joe immerses himself more and more into the reality of New York's harsh atmosphere, we see more of his past, which is no longer capricious but gritty, filmed in black and white with quick editing to portray the cruel nature of events past. This is especially seen in his flashback and his girlfriend being assaulted, and she being raped. In one of these flashbacks, we see a building being knocked down brick by brick. This mirrors the way Joe himself is crumbling; the naivety he once carried is falling from him. He and Ratso (Dustin Hoffman) are living in misery and barely getting food to eat; Joe is realizing that he can not live off his looks, that there is a New York low he did not imagine. Your subconscious mirrors the way your real life is unfolding. Ratso also serves as a kind of mirror for Joe, but in an opposite way; Ratso is Joe's role. Joe is a handsome, strong man who, for the most part, looks good on the outside. Ratso, on the other hand, from the first time we see him sitting next to Joe at the bar, we can say that he is the opposite. He is short, dark and always covered with a sheen of sweat. He understands how the world works, that it is relentless, and sometimes, no matter how hard you try, you will fail; just like his father. They are living in the same world, in the same apartment, but they understand things on a completely different level. <br /> <br /> The theme of alienation, common at this time, is very apparent in this film. . Neither Joe nor Ratso fit the culture that surrounds them. Joe feels trapped in Texas and moves to New York, where he is still a stranger. Ratso, who lives in the New York cold, wants to move to sunny Florida, where he believes he can find a good life. Although this is his ideal, in the fantasy we have from Ratso's perspective, it is clear that he knows he will never fit into society. In the said fantasy he is excited by the people who live around him, he is once again a stranger, alienated from society. <br /> <br /> It's not until the end that the distance between Joe and Ratso begins to subside. Joe resorts to violence; He takes on the mentality of this city in order to get money to finance a means of escape to Florida for himself and for Ratso. On the journey, we see Joe coming out of a store without wearing the cowboy outfit he never lets go of the rest of the movie. He is dressed as someone who seems to be going to Florida on vacation. He wears Ratso the same way; he tires to fit them into the new society in which they are entering, but it is no use. After Ratso's death on the bus, his traveling companions once again view them as strangers. Even in this new culture in which they entered, they can not escape the alienation they have encountered all the time in this film. Despite Ratso's death and Joe's continued alienation, the film ends with the hope that Joe may have his new knowledge of how the world works and create a better life than he would have had as a con man in New York. Midnight Cowboy is an excellent film portraying the harsh reality of society and alienation, with stellar performances by both Voight and Hoffman.
