It's not quite the timeless masterpiece you'd expect to be based on the acclaim you've won, but 1969's "Midnight Cowboy" is still a powerful showcase for two young actors emerging at the time. Directed by John Schlesinger and written by Waldo Salt, the film seems to be a product of its time, the late 1960s, when American films were especially expressionist, but it still casts a spell because the story comes down to issues of solitude and links which resonate no matter the period. The cinematographic influence of the film can still be felt in the unspoken emotionalism found in Ang Lee's "Brokeback Mountain." The winding plot follows Joe Buck, a naive young Texan who decides to move to Manhattan to to make a rental stud for rich women. Full of energy, but without any knowledge, he fails miserably, but is unwilling to admit defeat, despite his waning finances. He meets a cynical and sickly thief named "Ratso" Rizzo, who sees Joe as an easy pawn. The two become dependent on each other and Rizzo begins to administer Joe. Things get to the point at a psychedelic drug-infested party where Joe finally gets a paying customer. Meanwhile, Rizzo gets sicker, and the two leave for Florida in search of a better life. This is not a story that will attract everyone, in fact, some may still find it repellent that a cheater and a thief are turned into sympathetic figures, but their troubles feel painfully authentic. <br /> <br /> In his first An important role, Jon Voight is ideally released when he reveals the fine bravado as Joe's role and the deepening of sexual insecurities. Like Rizzo, Dustin Hoffman successfully surpasses his post-graduate clean image of "The Graduate" and delves into personal degradation and bright hope that act as a strangely compatible counterpoint to Joe. The honesty of his interpretations is complemented by the treatment of Schlesinger's films, which vividly capture the misery of the Times Square district at the time. The director also effectively inserts sets of flashbacks and fantasy sequences to fill the character's fragile psyches. Credit also needs to go to Salt for not letting widespread cynicism overpower the pathetic in history. The other performances are merely incidental to the travels of the main characters, including Brenda Vaccaro as the woman Joe meets at the party, Sylvia Miles as a matron, John McGiver as a religious fanatic and Barnard Hughes as a loner out of town. The 2006 two-disc DVD package contains an original print transfer of the 1994 restoration and informational commentary from producer Jerome Hellman, since unfortunately neither Schlesinger nor Salt is still alive. There are three great featurettes on the second album - a retrospective documentary, "After Midnight: Reflections on a Classic 35 Years Later," which features comments by Hellman, Hoffman, Voight and others, as well as clips and related archive footage, such as Test Voight screen; "Controversy and Acclaim," which examines the genesis of the film's initial "X" rating and the audience's response to the film; and a tribute to the director, "Celebrating Schlesinger."
