"Midnight Cowboy" has never been a great movie to start with, but it's a classic. You know it's a classic at a time when your insistent theme song, 'Everybody's Talking' starts on the soundtrack, (actually not written for the movie), and the way the camera introduces us to Joe Buck, ). We had seen Jon Voight before, but we never really noticed him, but when he tells us that he is 'a helluva stallion' who doubts him? This was a great performance that had iconic star status as well as a full understanding of the character and if Voight had never done anything else, his performance here would still be legendary. As is the case, Voight rarely gets disappointed on the screen; even a piece of well-cured ham like its performance in the "Anaconda" garbage is a source of pleasure. <br /> <br /> The film became infamous and famous almost overnight. It was a pleasure for all (even with its pessimistic end), funny, sexy and admittedly "real"; (it was the late sixties and all the characters sounded true). It was also the first 'X' film to win the Oscar for Best Picture of the Year. Adapted brilliantly by Waldo Salt from a novel by James Leo Herlihy, it was probably the first American commercial film to deal with "taboo" subjects such as homosexuality and drug use in a practical way. All are admittedly human, warts and everything, and all are treated with sympathy. Joe Buck of Voight is an innocent overseas, a Candide who comes to New York to seek his fortune as a drug dealer (a profession he sees as glamorous and not decadent, he is a cross between a gigolo and a social worker) . But when he himself is pushed by a crook and worm called Rizzo's Ratso, (Dustin Hoffman, fresh from "The Graduate" and he is a revelation), he realizes that perhaps the reality is a little different from the barrel . Essentially, it is a story of male love, (though totally platonic) between these two not-so-improbable companions. Both totally alone, both totally needy become the protector of the other, (Voight with his physical prowess, Hoffman with his street knowledge). They are misfits drifting from the mainstream, tolerant of their own peculiarities and deviations from others. Although "direct" Voight is not beyond a homosexual encounter at a 42nd Street movie theater with a boy even more lonely than him. (The whole movie postulates an oddly "Christian" attitude). It is also magnificently represented. While Voight and Hoffman hold the screen everywhere, there are excellent vignettes of names such as Brenda Vaccaro and Sylvia Miles, as well as John McGiver, Bob Balaban, and Bernard Hughes, as diverse clients and hangers, beautifully outlined character studies that seem to transcend acting . all in all, while John Schlesinger's direction gives the film the feel of a documentary as well as the totally alien vision of an American belly alien without rancor and criticism. Come to think of it, maybe it's a great movie after all.
