John Schlesinger's "Midnight Cowboy" is perhaps the most notable for being the only pornographic film in Academy history to win the Oscar for Best Picture. This was certainly the first time I heard about it and, to be completely honest, I really did not expect much from the movie. That does not mean I thought it would be awful, but somehow I did not consider it the kind of movie I'd like to see. Is this a reason why you should never rely on your own instincts in such ways? a remarkable combination of stellar acting, ambitious direction and a memorable soundtrack ("Everyone is talking to me, I do not hear a word they're saying") make this film one of the best explorations of life, naivety and friendship of all time <br /> <br /> Young Joe Buck (then rookie Jon Voight), dressed proudly as a rodeo cowboy, travels from Texas to New York to pursue a new life as a prostitute, a male prostitute. Women, however, do not seem to be willing to pay for their services, and Joe faces extreme poverty when his money supply begins to dry up. During these feats, Joe meets Enrico "Ratso" Rizzo (Dustin Hoffman), a crippled cheater who initially tries to get all his money from Joe. When they realize that they are both in the same situation, Ratso offers Joe a place to stay and, working together, they try to make (largely dishonest) lives for themselves in the cold, sandy metropolis of New York. Joe was convinced that New York women would be more than willing to pay for sex; however, his first venture like this ends with him blaming the woman (Sylvia Miles) for twenty dollars. Although he may consider himself a bit clever, Ratso is as naive as Joe. Ratso, with his aching, coughing cough, is always making sure that if only he could travel to the Miami heat, somehow everything would be all right. This misguided expectation that things will improve so easily is reminiscent of Lennie and George of John Steinbeck's classic novel Of Of Mice and Men. <br /> <br /> Filmed largely on the streets of New York, 'Midnight Cowboy' is a gritty-realistic look at life in the favelas. Watching the movie, we can almost feel ourselves inside Ratso's squalid, unheated residence, our joints hardened by the cold of winter. Acting certainly contributes to this ultra-realism, with Voight and Hoffman masterfully portraying the two decadent residues of modern society. Hoffman, in particular, is exceptional in his role (I'm walking here! I'm walking here! "), Avoiding the spread after his much-praised 1967 debut," The Graduate. "The two stars were later named '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' '' Midnight Cowboy '' '' '' '' '' has won three Oscars, '' <br /> <br /> "Midnight Cowboy" is mostly told in a linear fashion, although there are several flashbacks that suggest Joe's past, Instead of explaining explicitly what these brief fragments actually address, the audience is invited to think about it for themselves and how those circumstances could have led Joe to the path he is now pursuing. painful final scene leaves us with a glimmer of hope but a great deal of uncertainty: courageous, thought-provoking and intensely fascinating, 'Midnight Cowboy' is one of the ages.
