Horror is perhaps one of the two genres in which logic does not always win the imagination. We all know that murderers like Freddy, Jason, Michael and even Leatherface should not be able to sustain the amount of pain they feel and still live to fight another day. Most of us do not believe that zombies actually rise from the dead to chase people down and eat their brains. And let's hope at least some people know that when you enter places like Funhouses and old mansions, indescribable crimes will not be perpetrated against them. That is where imagination overcomes the fact. Horror, and most movies in general, requires us to suspend our disbelief for a few hours and just continue the flow. This is usually not a problem when I see balls being thrown down the stairs at George C. Scott or when I see an invisible force chasing three amateur filmmakers in the woods near Burketsville. But what I have a problem digesting (not regurgitating) is when a movie has a killer like the one in this movie. Giving away who the killer is would actually be a huge spoiler and that would take away all the fun of watching yourself, but suffice it to say that I really enjoyed that movie until the final scene when the killer is revealed. There are many events in the movie that happen to make any sense that the killer is who he is. But the 90 minutes prior to this point is a blood-soaked, suspenseful, and skillfully and skillfully directed by John Hough. If the movie had offered me a different killer, then I would be really talking about it. This may sound like a completely asynthetic reason to discredit the movie, but believe me, anyone who has seen the film will surely agree with me. <br /> <br /> John Cassevetes plays Dr. Sam Cordell. He and his daughter Jenny (played beautifully by Erin Flannery) recently moved to this small New England town. Cordell is a recent widow and it is not clear how his wife died. We see several flashback scenes where a mysterious woman (one can only assume that she is his wife) is lying on her back on the floor during a downpour. His face is bloody and his eyes are closed. Again, I'm not sure who this woman is and what relevance she has for the story, but she's there anyway. Cassevetes, it has to be mentioned, it's strange to say the least. Cordell is a loving father, but his love for his daughter seems to be a little more than just parental. There are some scenes that suggest incestuous possibilities. This never comes to fruition, but it seems to be omnipotent, but somewhere just below the proverbial rug. Fortunately, the movie never explores that element of the relationship, but it makes you a bit uncomfortable. <br /> <br /> Casevettes looks like a cross between porn star John Leslie and the great James Caan. He has a deceptive smile and a virile and authoritative voice that makes you sit down and pay attention. But he also seems to be about to undress during a business lunch at every scene. He just has that slimy, hypocritical, phlegmatic, uncomfortable way about him. It never seems to be reliable in this movie. I think this is a credit to the writers, the director and the Cassevetes himself. There was always something that only bothered me about his character from the beginning. <br /> <br /> The story begins with an excellent note, as two would be lovers swimming in the local quarry. There is an old changing shed that is nearby and as we can see, something or someone is watching you. When the young man disappears for a moment, to get something from the truck, the young woman enters the shed, just to make a joke. Once she is there, she is attacked. The young man runs to the shed to find her and he is impaled with a board and a nail. Hough shrewdly places us for payment when the young man enters. He looks frantically into the room and sees his supposed lover bleeding in the corner, and then smacko, the guy understands. It's a very tense moment and the movie starts on the correct note. <br /> <br /> Also introduced in the tangle of a story is a young man named Tim who seems to have strange dreams of a faceless one. woman who is trapped in a torture chamber surrounded by men with covers covering their faces. Tim seems to think that his dreams have something to do with the murders, because every time a murder happens, he has another dream. Shoot a quiet, hazy grandmother, a meretrician reporter, and a strong, but venal, local sheriff, and you have all the ingredients you need to create the characteristics of an imbroglio in the small town of Galen. <br /> <br /> More film people are slaughtered but most of the time, males are slaughtered with extreme prejudice and females are raped. This is my first weak (and careful) attempt to tell her that this is what convinced me of the outcome. Just did not hit the right chord. <br /> <br /> Incubus is a well-made movie. It is tight, tight and even most of the performances are very well done. I was intrigued by the dreams that Tim was having and I was anxious to discover what meaning they had for the story and finally for the murders. But when you go through all the good things in the movie, you still have that bitter taste in your mouth. And bitter pills are always harder to swallow than sweets. <br /> <br /> 7 out of 10 - This could have been a nine. What a pity.
