If you've ever had the chance to see Sandra Bernhard live in person, you'd better move on dear. I saw her last year in Los Angeles at the opening of her Everything Bad and Beautiful tour and I still can not believe I was in the front row and I was lucky enough to experience such a phenomenal show. She is now in New York with the show and coincides with the release of her groundbreaking stunner, "Without You I'm Nothing." We lost Richard Pryor, Lenny Bruce and Nina Simone, but Sandra is still with us. Patti Smith is absent in action, but not Sandra. Barbara Streisand continues to peek into her head from time to time, but Sandra more than makes up for where Babs has stopped. Ok, I wonder, Mrs. Bernhard is a bit of these influential artists and more. I really wanted to push this movie because of its truth, honesty, humor, eclectic songs (ranging from Laura Nyro, Sylvester, Nina Simone, Prince), and a script that sets the decadence, joy, sadness, ups and downs of the '70s It's my opinion that many (and I mean, MANY) comics got up, well stolen, both from this show if not from Sandra herself. I'm not going to name names, but come on, folks, you and I both know who they are. See, the thing is, Bernhard plays by his own rules. This film shows, as well as her live performances, that she is an artist who has remained true to the old school of show business as well as expanded. Her performances resemble smoky jazz clubs (in the days of Miles Davis, Coltrane, Monk), 1970s TV shows, intimate cabaret shows and concerts reminding everyone, from Judy Garland to Joan Jett. Most comedians could not even touch where Sandra is coming or going. So here I was, a year ago, watching Sandra at the Silent Movie Theater, in total admiration and joy. I wanted to meet her after the show, to give her something that meant something to me, which, hopefully, would mean something to her. But I hear my copy of Giving Til it Hurts, and I just thank her in a prayer, for making me laugh, making me think, making me feel. You can not deny the presence of this lady and you certainly can not deny the talent that just runs from the stage. She's still here, even after the release of Without You I'm Nothing, some 15 years ago. And she looks great, by the way. I know that firsthand, walking from the theater, one member of the audience said to another, "SHE IS SO FUNNY ... and she still looks amazing!" If you still can not live it, watch this movie. me, I hope that Sandra sees this.You meant a lot to me, made me go through some difficult times.If you can send me an email, please do it.If not, knowing that you're still kicking and will continue to do so, is enough for me Come on, people, give up the Lady !!!!
