"Pet Sematary" is an adaptation of Stephen King's novel of the same title. The story follows the creeds - a middle-class American family moving into a country house. The family is comprised of Louis and Rachel, and their two young children, Ellie and their baby son, Gage. The house could not be better, and the family finds an odd but friendly old man, Jud, who lives across the street. He leads them down an old path into the woods, a day where a pet graveyard lies - filled with a huge amount of animal graves. And a little further, there is a sacred Indian cemetery that seems to possess a strange power. When the family cat, Church, is killed, Louis finds it appropriate to bury him in the pet cemetery - and, strangely enough, soon afterwards, the Church comes back to life. But there's something wrong with him now, he's not the same cat he used to be. And when a tragic accident takes the life of the young Gage, Louis decides to apply the same concept in the hope of reviving his dead son ... unfortunately, he gets more than he expected. <br /> <br /> Having read Stephen King's novel, I can say that the book is much better than the movie. It does not mean that the movie is bad, because it is not - the book is a little better. The real strength in this film lies in its history, which is both bizarre but extremely original, something that King's stories are typically known for. The script is very well adapted from the story, and although it differs in some ways, it is a good transformation from page to screen. There are some plot holes here and there, nothing special. Also, this movie is really very scary, and gets its intention to do so. There are some really disturbing scenes throughout the movie, and I have to say that the sequence of flashbacks from Rachel's sister, Zelda, is number one. Honestly, this is one of the most disgusting and disturbing things I've ever seen in a horror movie - it's not bloody and bloody, it's just disgusting. One thing is certain, this image will not get out of your head anytime soon. <br /> <br /> The performances in this movie were all very good and I really did not have any problems. This movie is really on the bloody side, there are plenty of nasty little sequences to please all the injured dogs out there, including the shock of an ending. I really liked the way they finished the movie, it was abrupt and a bit inconclusive, but it worked better so with all things considered. Overall, "Pet Sematary" is a good horror movie that I'd recommend to those who are fans of Stephen King or just fans of the genre in general. The story is the biggest asset of the movie and it's also scary. One of Stephen King's best adaptations I would say. 7/10
