Louis Creed, a Chicago physician, moves to a large house near a small town as he will teach at the University of Maine. Along with him is his wife Rachel and their two children, Ellie and Gage, as well as Ellie's cat, Church. Soon, they met their new neighbor, and the old man named Judd Crandall. Judd not only warns Louis and Rachel about the danger that is the highway that passes through their house (which is constantly used by large trucks), but also shows family an animal graveyard that is located near his house. Judd begins to talk about the importance of pet graveyard, but Rachel is against talking about death and spirituality with her children, since she has traumas of the death of her sister Zelda. <br /> <br /> During the first week of the family's new home, Louis already has dead people to deal with: Victor Pascow, a student who was fatally injured in a car accident, addresses his final words to Louis personally, even if the two are strangers. On the night after Pascow's death, Louis experiences what he believes to be a very vivid dream in which he meets Pascow, who takes him to the pet cemetery and warns Louis not to "go no further, no matter how much you think it's necessary" . Louis wakes up in bed the next morning, convinced it was only a dream, until he discovered the feet and the sheets covered with dirt and pine needles. Either way, he discards the dream. Many strange things begin to happen and Church, Ellie's cat, dies while walking on the road. Louis is worried about how he will talk about Church's death with Ellie, but Judd, sympathizing with him, Jud takes Louis to the pet cemetery, supposedly to bury Church. But instead of stopping there, Jud takes Louis further on a scary journey to the "royal cemetery": an ancient cemetery that was once used by the Micmac ("... Indians ..."). There Louis buried the cat in Jud's instruction, with Jud saying that the buried animals there came back to life. And that's where the true horror story begins ... <br /> <br /> Personally, I find this movie very good. Not the most horrible of them all, but it's one of the best horror movies I've seen. The way Gage dies, it's almost impossible not to stay in his memory, especially being a child. It's cool to see Stephen King's appearance as the funeral minister. <br /> <br /> Of course, there are some script mistakes: as a wealthy doctor with two small children, will you live in a place where there is a dangerous road near your home? How come the Gage has no scratches or anything after being hit by a truck? Why does Louis continue to resurrect all members of his family knowing that they will all remain like monsters? Such things do not make any sense, but I can understand that all the horror scripts need to have some surreal ideas to work on. <br /> <br /> One good thing I've seen in this movie is the need to talk about death with children, no matter what their religion is or whether you're an atheist, and also that avoiding important matters does not help in anything. Because of Louis being afraid to be honest with Ellie, confronting her and saying that her cat would not be back, the whole nightmare began.
