In the trivia section for Pet Sematary, he mentions that George Romero (director of two stories by Stephen King, Creepshow and The Dark Half) was set to direct and then withdrew. We wondered what he would have brought to the film, as director Mary Lambert, though not a bad director, does not really bring much imagination to this adaptation of King's novel, from which he wrote the screenplay. There are, of course, some very effective, grotesquely surreal scenes (involving mostly sister Zelda, probably scarier for kids if they see the movie), and the cast in some of the roles is perfect. But sometimes it seems like something is missing, some kind of style that could match the unmistakable atmosphere of King, who in this case is as morbid as you will get without incestuous cannibals coming out of the graves being thrown (who knows if he will save this for the his final novel ...) <br /> <br /> As mentioned, some of the cast is fantastic, notably Miko Hughes as Gage Creed, the boy who ceases to be one of the cutest kids on this side of a horror film 80s, to be a little monster (I say this as a compliment, of course, especially in scenes that brand a certain scalpel). And there's also a juicy supporting role for Fred Gwynne of the Munsters, who plays this old, reserved man with the right notes of low and somber tone. And applause goes to those who did the makeup in Andrew Hubatsek. But there are some other flaws in the other cast; Dale Midkiff is good, not great, like the conflicting father figure, troubled Creed, and his daughter Ellie is played by an actress who just did not work for me. <br /> <br /> In terms of setting up some chilling pieces, only one couple really stands out: a certain plot time (not to ruin, involves a cool Ramones song), and the first visit to the pet semester the greatest), including the sort of mystical nuances that King had in the Enlightened One. For the most part, it's a very focused piece of work, though it may have been even more obscure to match the script. If thought in logical terms (albeit in King's terms), it really is one of his most effective works of the period. But it does not add up as it could or should. Still, it makes a great midnight movie.
