The Ring was made from the only script that Hitchcock wrote for himself and treats, like many of his early pictures, with a love triangle. At first glance, it looks like a more cynical update of Cecil B. De Mille's moral comedies about unfaithful themes, but more than that, it's the first really competent picture of Hitchcock. Even though he was not yet using the ideas and motives of thrillers of suspense, he was at least developing the tools with which to create suspense. <br /> <br /> In addition to being a student of the German Expressionist style, the rhythmic Sergei Eisenstein's editing style had its impact on Hitchcock. But here he keeps up the pace not only with the issues, but with the content of the images. This is evident from the opening shots, where spinning spinning brightly establishes a smooth rhythm. And like Eisenstein, does the editing style seem to suggest sound? for example, when a second background shot of the bell being played appears, we almost unconsciously hear the sound because the picture is so jarring. <br /> <br /> There is also a contrast, particularly with dumb movies. USA, in which The Ring is not full of many titles. The maximum possible is conveyed by pictures, and Hitch has enough faith in the audience to read the lips or at least to infer the meaning of most of the characters' speech. And this is not done through invented symbolism or exaggeration, everything is done by getting the right angles and the right timing, particularly with point-of-view taking, as well as some strong but subtle performances. Unfortunately, there are many obvious Expressionist devices (particularly dual exposures), many of which were unnecessary, but there is much less than there is in The Lodger. <br /> <br /> Let's make some honorable mentions. for the above-mentioned actors. First, the incredibly handsome and very talented Carl Brisson in the lead role. Despite his talent, I was a bit confused as to why he got the part, to be honest he looks more like a dancer than a boxer! But this only serves to show how much I know, since Brisson was in fact a former professional boxer and inexperienced in acting. Playing his rival is the competent Ian Hunter, who would have a long career in supporting roles until the 60's. The most demanding role in The Ring has to be that given to Lillian Hall-Davis, split between two lovers. She does very well, however, with an emotional and discreet performance, and it's a shame that her career never lasted in the age of sound. And last but not least, the great Gordon Harker offers some comic relief in what is probably his best role at all. <br /> <br /> The Ring's climactic fight scene is among the most impressive moments of Hitchcock's silent era. Martin Scorcese may have been keeping an eye on The Ring when he directed the fight scenes at Raging Bull, as his watchword for those scenes was "Stay in the ring." The fight in The Ring starts with a few regular long strokes, but as the action intensifies Hitchcock puts us right in the middle of it, with close-ups and point-of-view taken. Hitchcock's goal always seems to have been to engage his audience, and this was crucial in his later career where the secret of his success was often immerse the viewer into fear or paranoia of the character. <br /> <br /> The Ring really deserves more recognition than the lower but better known The Lodger. It's a much more polished and professional job than the previous photo, and probably the best of all its quiet features.
