It should not be confused with the British British comedy of the same name that came out in 1994. But this Rump Tomb is a valuable addition to the 1980s invasion. The plot goes = 4 girls from an O brotherhood convent is planning the spring holiday of a Florida life, but his plans are suspended when one of them witnesses a man killing a local woman, and when he realizes he has been seen, well let's say it becomes deadly. cat-and-mouse game and things get even worse when he turns out to be the local sheriff. <br /> <br /> Shallow Grave in my opinion is one of the most enjoyable slashers that came out in the 80s, especially the late 80s, which was when the slashers kind of came down, this was one of the few who did not and this movie should be better known, it's a pity that it is not. this is a movie that really confuses stereotypes (just try to guess who will be the final girl - I totally misunderstood). The cast of principle is all nice and is one of those movies that you kind of expect everyone to flee, which of course not. This, coupled with the softness of the first half-hour bottles of the movie (in a good way), with a few glimpses of real malice (the second murder provides a real jolt) and a bit of unexpected sloppiness (though that's not very loud). I did not expect the topless scene where a woman is strangled with her own bra (accompanied by a hysterical religious radio broadcast) in a movie this late 80's). <br /> <br /> One or two bad things about this movie, well, not bad just minor, like the sub-plot with the two teenagers who is not going anywhere and the ending that was stupid and more the inability to follow the logic. There are no sharp implements in the SHALLOW GRAVE, but, in my opinion, at least it's a slasher movie from one side to the other. The scenes where the girls are hunted in the woods by the evil sheriff are tense and exciting. <br /> <br /> All in all a very enjoyable and worth slasher, with great performances from all four major girls and that psycho sheriff.
