Back there before Evangelion was done, before Hideaki Anno was an idol and familiar name to many anime fans, and before Gainax had reached the status of fanfavorite, Gunbuster was made. With only Wings of Honneamise made by Gainax at that time, and the famous Otakon shorts or course, the Gunbuster had some difficult acts to follow. He did not ease into himself by choosing a genre that has been done countless times before, space opera. <br /> <br /> Luckily, Gainax decided to put it as a six-part OAV (direct to video) series. This allows the series to have a larger scope than would be possible if it were made into a film. This also prevents it from becoming too boring and overly long with many useless battles and filler along the way. In addition, they made an effort to stay free of the tried-and-tested space opera mechanics used in Macross or Gundam, and many other popular space operas. <br /> <br /> On the one hand, the shows begin very light, with Noriko at Okinawa Secondary School to perform mechanical activities. Noriko is the daughter of a respected ship commander who died in battle when she was still a child. This makes her life in the gym very difficult, as some of her classmates begin to suspect that Noriko is favored by teachers. The first episode is practically a comedy drama, with a very tight focus on the characters and setting of the school. Things change quickly when the threat of an alien invasion is announced, and Noriko and Kazumi (the best girl in the class) are chosen to help the mounted fleet leave. <br /> <br /> The central part of Gunbuster leaves our feminine leadership in space, focusing on both personal drama and action. A few more characters are introduced, and parts of Noriko's past are dragged again. In addition, the alien threat becomes more imminent by the minute, and Gunbuster, humanity's last hope, is presented. Clever as a writer Okada, he incorporated the principles of time dilation, to spice up things a little. In short, time moves more slowly for those traveling at the speed of light. This means that Noriko can be part of a war that takes almost a century to complete. Also the dramatic aspect of it is accentuated, when Noriko sees his friends again in its return to the base, that have aged considerably more than she. The science may not be perfect, but it is presented in a very convincing way, even with some short SD scientific drama between the episodes, where Noriko, Kazumi and his trainer give a brief description of the scientific principles used in the series. /> <br /> The animation, for a series made in the 80's, is definitely good. The designs are of the retro style of the 80's, of course, but it has its charm. The animation is fluent enough and the designs of the characters are good, although the costumes betray some of the fascines that the fansee Gainax will later explore to the fullest. The streaks along the shows are pretty cool too, with Gunbuster being the best, toughest and biggest killing machine. The last episode was entirely done in black and white. While it is generally believed (but not confirmed) that this was done for budgetary reasons, it lends an entirely different atmosphere to the series, which is perfectly adequate for the latter part. <br /> <br /> Music is a very typical space. opera house. Very bombastic in places, very generic, and definitely not worth buying. It fits in most series, but can become very annoying at times. Tanaka is not really a famous songwriter, and the only other respectable series he's worked on is Dragon Half. If you think of 80's anime music, you'll know what to expect. <br /> <br /> As the series progresses, focus slowly shifts from drama to space opera to epic battle, but the viewer will hardly notice it. this. Step by step, the drama will be tempered and the battles will take the front rank. No aspect is left completely out though. With the latest episode in sight, Noriko and the team are struggling for the future existence of the human species, and with the last battle in sight, certain issues are presented to the public, regarding the position of the human race in the galaxy, and how far self-preservation. While they are never answered later, they still feature some interesting food for thought. The last episode is very epic, with a nice ending but quite predictable, though not all endings should contain countless twists, of course. Again, it fits the series. <br /> <br /> The Gunbuster may sound like your average space opera anime at first, with alien invasions, big battles and some personal drama, and for the most part, it is. But this is done exceptionally well for a change. Instead of going into a constant mix of previous elements, six episodes in length, Gunbuster presents us with a small-scale drama shift to large-scale epic heroism. Along the way, we find several interesting and well-developed characters, whose mutual relations change strongly due to the phenomenon of time dilation. The show is very well written, although it tends to slip on some spots. Overly dramatic occurrences and too much cheese wart attacks could have been easily avoided. Overall, the Gunbuster trip takes you is a very laid back, sometimes sad, sometimes heroic. It may not have broken the boundaries and limits of the space opera genre, but at least it bends them a little. Anime anime highly pleasant, but not flawless. ***
