As a fan of author John Le Carre, I have been working slowly on his books and their adaptations. I found this 1987 adaptation of Le Carre's masterpiece at my local library and I sat to see her thinking I would know what to expect. I was surprised to find that my expectations were exceeded in this miniseries, a good cross between an espionage thriller and a human drama. <br /> <br /> Peter Egan gives a great performance as Magnus Pym, the perfect spy of the title. . Continuing in the long tradition of the strong main characters of Le Carré, Pym is also possibly the best. Egan plays Pym (who actually contains many tones from the author Le Carre) as a man forced to spend his entire life lying and sometimes cheating out of circumstances and other times just to survive with the consequence of him becoming "a perfect spy." Egan plays Pym perfectly like a man always on the run, if not others, and after himself. Egan alone makes the approximately six hours of this miniseries worth seeing with just his performance. <br /> <br /> Surronding Egan is a fantastic supporting cast. Ray McAnally does one of his best performances as a Pym con man, father Rick, who (as Le Carre said) relies heavily on the author's own father. McAnally plays a man who enters and leaves Pym's life and is one of those responsible for Pym becoming "a perfect spy." In fact, were it not for McAnally's performance a year after that in A Very British Coup, this would be the best performance of his sad and sad career. <br /> <br /> The rest of the support is great as well. From Caroline John as Pym's mother to Alan Howard as her espionage mentor to Rüdiger Weigang as the friend of the young Pym turned controller to Jane Booker as Pym's wife the supporting cast is fantastic. Special mention should be made of the three young actors who played the young Pym (Jonathan Haley, Nicholas Haley and Benedict Taylor) who established the young man who would become the man so well played by Peter Egan. <br /> <br /> The production figures of the miniseries are strong as well. As the adaptations of Tinker's miniseries, Tailor, Soldier, Spy and Smiley's People proved that these stories can only be told in miniseries format. The locations are great from English locations to those scattered throughout Eastern Europe and the US, as well as Chris Edwards sets. Elmer Cossey's cinematography adds an extra layer of realism to the world of the miniseries. However, the highlight of the miniseries is actually the screenplay. <br /> <br /> The Screenwrtier Arthur Hopcraft has grappled with the task of adapting the six hundred pages of novel in an excellent way. The novel was largely (at least in its early parts) autobiographical in which the beginning of Pym's life echoed much of the life of John Le Carre. The screenplay for this miniseries is no exception, as it traces the development of Magnus Pym as a boy for "a perfect spy." Never a miniseries deviates from the purpose of telling a beautiful human drama in the context of the espionage world. If one wants proof that an espionage thriller can be tense and fascinating without ever having a pistol fight, fistfight or James Bond car chase, that would be proof. Although the miniseries is six hours or more long, it never misses a moment and is even better for it. <br /> <br /> While it may be too much for some, for those who do not have very short attention span here is a must see. From Peter Egan and Ray McAnally's performances to production values ​​and a great literary script, A Perfect Spy is one of the best miniseries you can expect to see. It's a fascinating journey through the history of the Cold War, but it's more than that. It is also a journey through what John Le Carre called the "secret path": the path of the spy, the man who must lie and betray to survive. Both a human drama and a spy thriller The Perfect Spy is not to be missed.
