One of Tarzan's best films is also one of the most action-packed (and graphics). Taking a year or more after Tarzan, the Monkey Man, Holt de Niel Hamilton asked a rich friend to fund safari back to the elephant cemetery to collect ivory. His friend arrives also carrying dresses and perfumes that Holt hopes to use to regain Jane of Tarzan. Before they can leave, Holt discovers that his map has been stolen and it becomes a mad rush trying to capture a competing expedition. When they finally take the thieves, they find the whole party dead and surrounded. They have no choice but to fight and soon find out they are out of the frying pan and into the fire. Eventually Tarzan and Jane appear and everyone is off on even more adventures. Infamous movie was heavily censored to reduce graphic violence (its chart even by today's standards. It would probably have a PG 13) and to remove all evidence of nudity, (there is a nudist scene of several minutes involving Jane who is full in her nudity, only recently restored). Its clear watching the restored version because this movie was cut in 20 minutes in its runtime for TV. As it is in its restored version, this is a very adult movie that is romantic, touching, action packed and everything else a movie should be. It's an incredible movie by almost any standard. Best of all, it's the kind of movie that plays well as well as a stand-alone adventure, you do not have to have seen the first movie to enjoy it, but it's also a movie that deepens the characters and themes that were created in that original movie. . It's an incredible thing. <br /> <br /> I really like this movie. <br /> <br /> If there are flaws in the film, it may be because the film did not age well. The back screen is often very obvious, there are gorilla overalls for many of the monkeys and some of the other effects are more picturesque than compelling. However, on almost every other level, this movie is top notch. <br /> <br /> You really owe it to yourself to see this. Prepare a large bowl of popcorn and snuggle up on the couch and let yourself back in for a simpler time. This is one of the great adventures.
