I have the entire Weissmuller Tarzan series on DVD (fully restored issues) and I never tire of watching them. My personal favorite is "Tarzan and His Mate", due entirely (quite nearly entirely) to Maureen O'Sullivan's costume and the occasional flashes of her genital area under the leather flap hanging from the front. Before someone states that A - It was not really her, or B - It was not really what it looks like, let me tell you I've watched it several times, in high zoom mode, and trust me ... it's her, and she is completely naked underneath that fantasy ... several times, especially during the lion's attack at the end, the careful visualization in slow motion and maximum zoom will reveal that it was scraped except for a small piece of dark hair covering her lips ... There is no mistake about it at all. As for the swimming scene being a double body in a "skin" suit, yes it is a double but she is not wearing any "skin" suit or anything else ... again, slow motion and maximum zoom shows everything to those Who wants to see it. Now this controversy out of the way, let's move on in the film ... I thought the script was very well thought out and written firmly ... The action sequences were simply great, although it's obviously a stuntman riding the rhino, Weissmuller, in fact, fights the big lion ... The use of backgrounds that were second to none in Africa is very well mixed with the studio and the locations in the USA, making it sometimes difficult to tell which is which. Do not complain too much, remember that 90% of all movies are fake, so relax and enjoy the damn thing with a big bowl of popcorn, some cold beer and a cool pack of cigarettes ... a sexy and willing Girlfriend / wife is not out of line too ... lol. Ah ... A final word on nudity ... at first, while the white hunters are talking dialogues, keep an eye on the background extras ... there are several good pictures of nude African girls (obviously filmed on the spot) behind them . One more thing, the film is not racist by the standards of the 1930s to the 60s ... that's how people of color were thought and portrayed back then. Shaft had not even been thought of at that time, nor would the public have accepted any other portrait of them at the time of history. Safaris actually wore natives carrying luggage on their heads ... and Tiny's character died heroically trying to save the white hunters and Jane. In fact, it was not until Gene Autry treated the Native Americans and the colored people in their sights as real humans that Hollywood began to see that there was no problem in doing so.
