A year after losing beautiful Jane Parker (Maureen O'Sullivan) to love rival Tarzan, hunter Harry Holt (Neil Hamilton) returns to the jungle for another chance to win the heart of the dark baby. Blending business with pleasure, he also plans to cling to a bit of ivory from the elephant graveyard beyond the Mutia escarpment, the land of Tarzan. Accompanied by Martin Arlington, his skinny, thrilling companion, and a group of expendable Harry finally arrives at his destination (having narrowly avoided death at the hands of savages and monkeys) only to discover that Jane is still in love with his muscular yodeler, and worse still, that Tarzan is refusing to let the hunters take any ivory from the graveyard. Nasty Arlington decides to solve the problems by ambushing and firing on the ape-man and then telling Jane and Holt that Tarzan was attacked and eaten by a crocodile. Of course, Tarzan is not dead, only wounded; after being recovered from health by Cheetah (!), he returns to action just in time to rescue Jane from a tribe of ferocious savages who attacked the lions, who attacked Holt's expedition. Tarzan and his companion, the second film to star Weismuller as the man of the jungle of few words, is often cited by fans as the best of the series; although I rather prefer the original, I can definitely understand the popularity of the movie: it's very sexy and there are some great action sequences! The undeniable chemistry between Weismuller and O'Sullivan is fabulous and leads to some pretty hot scenes, and with the two stars wearing clothes and very fussy everywhere, there are plenty of eyes for viewers of both sexes to enjoy (despite the very praised by O'Sullivan) In fact, the naked underwater scene being performed by a double body, the lovely young lady still shows a lot of skin, even threatening to make a 'Sharon Stone' at a certain point, while her loincloth leans to one side!). The most thrilling moments of the film come in the form of a wonderful underwater fight between Tarzan and a crocodile, and the spectacular end where Jane is attacked by lions and natives but is rescued by her boyfriend, her friends of monkey and a load of elephants in lion's crush mode (again, the violence is surprisingly unpleasant at times, although, as far as I'm concerned, there is nothing quite as shocking as the pernicious pygmies and their gorilla pit of the first film ). Cheetah also has its share of excitement, dodging rhinos, crocodiles and big cats, riding on Tarzan's back as he crosses a river, and even hopping on an ostrich for a ride. As if it were his predecessor, Tarzan and his companion suffers somewhat from some bad effects and unconvincing retrograde projection props, some laughable overalls, more Indian elephants disguised as their African cousins ​​and poorly disguised trapeze swings - but these should not spoil your enjoyment. this fun movie. If anything, they make it even more fun! <br /> <br /> 8.5 out of 10, rounded up to 9 for IMDb.
