Tarzan and his companion (1934) was the only Tarzan film I did not see as a child. It sounded annoying. Now I've seen it. I saw the monkey man (1932) about a hundred times and I keep a copy in my unit. It's a remarkable film. It's almost flawless. Tarzan and his companion (1934), however, hesitate. It is not harmonic and its parts tend to live a life of its own. The parts themselves are usually very good and the action sequences are great. Big budget expensive. Tarzan himself is co-star. Jane dominates. She developed and became such a sexy jungle girl that I try to forget the criticism and sing her praise instead. Well. She let her be fooled by a pot of clay that gave him a kiss and then killed an elephant. She insists that Tarzan wears a bracelet that belonged to his father. Forever. It was broken into pieces by the time he did his business in the jungle. Stupid? Later, someone finds him in the river. Well, it's to prove that Tarzan is dead. Some cheap drama. The pots that have an obvious interest in a dead tarzan convince Jane that he's gone. She takes her words for granted and wants to be taken (to England). Stupid Jane seems to have forgotten how tough Tarzan is, how hard he is to kill. The caravan is leaving and Jane goes along. Once again a hole. She could easily make the caravan rest for a few hours or more, pick up some things and say goodbye to the forest and her dead husband. She could be smart. She could dive where they found the floating bracelet, check the seats for traces. She can fire in 15 seconds and swing in Liana. Picking up trails should not be too difficult for the Jane jungle. She could talk to the monkeys and so on. If she came home to England without doing it, she would become unhappy. Jane is smart, but the cheap drama brings her down. And why on earth is she letting the kissing rapist get away with "I blame myself as much as you do." A punishment for being vane, perhaps? Absurd. Fighting, a strong slap and telling Tarzan would be appropriate. Still. This film is far from bad, even if the holes are many and sometimes deep. Just lean back and enjoy. It's Tarzan and Jane for the love of God.
