This splendidly directed fantasy is the second of the popular Tarzan series, launched by MGM. It is a first class adventure for many reasons, I suggest - fine photography, strong imaginative qualities, a delightful cast, good simulated places in the jungle and a very exciting plot. Johnny Weissmuller plays Tarzan, an untrained mono-syllabic type, unlike the creation of Edgar Rice Burroughs; but he is honest, loyal, brave and very brave, and he must be during this narrative. Like Jane Parker, his wife who had been Jane Porter in the novels, Maureen O'Sullivan is very attractive and lively, in addition to being athletic, where the script demands that quality. The lighting effect, the spacious and intelligent sets is quite unusual. This is an outdoor adventure filmed on the MGM lot that really works. The fabulous Mutir Escarpment is a remote location that allows Tarzan and Jane to live undisturbed; but in their idyll come people looking for them, emissaries of a civilization that Jane left behind and in which Tarzan could not be comfortably accustomed. One of them is Harry Holt, still in love with her, who with her friend tries to return to civilization with him; the dress and the perfumes interest her, but she refuses to leave Tarzan. Tarzan has to protect her against various wild animals, in scenes that look like a humanized King King. The group claims to want to hunt animals, and Tarzan agrees, because of Jane, with a few pitfalls for big games; but at some point the idea of ​​ivory and of obtaining a fortune transforms the minds of the heads of the expedition. Tarzan is shot, left to die; and the group forces Jane to accompany them on an expedition as they follow a dying elephant to the fabulous elephant cemetery. But they find the area protected by a wild tribe and are attacked by lions. Tarzan enters an elephant that he revived in time to call; in a spectacular scene filled with elephants, he rescues Jane and what's left of the expedition, who returns home a little richer, but very wise, while Jane continues her wild idyll with her new husband. The film was directed by set designer Cedric Gibbons, and very well as well. His work and enlightenment are the outstanding achievements of this entertaining and thrilling film that manages to look real despite all its Hollywood shortcomings from start to finish. Neil Hamilton is a good Harry, Paul Cavanagh is even better before and after it turns out completely wrong. Forrester Harvey and Nathan Curry complete a small cast with great professionalism. An unusual and well-made fantasy film with interesting situations and some strong dialogue clashes as well. Recommended.
