"Tarzan and his partner," the second of MGM's Tarzan paintings, picks up a year after the events of "Tarzan the Ape Man." Tarzan and Jane live happily in the jungle, and Harry Holt (one of the first film's expeditionals) returns, this time accompanied by at least that honored Martin Arlington, in search of the ivory of the elephant cemetery. Of course, a variety of dangerous and exciting adventures take place along the way. <br /> <br /> The first film romanticized everything - the jungle, the adventure, the novel itself, wildlife and even death. The second film still has a great romanticism and many wonderful action sequences, but a more serious tone embases the action. The characters dare to ask questions such as: What if something happened to Tarzan? What would Jane do if she was stuck alone in the middle of the jungle and had to turn herself? While these are probably the questions that real people would be asking in this situation, this creates a certain amount of sadness that is not always as fun as the attitude of flinging forward with the wind from the original. <br /> <br /> One of the most enjoyable aspects of this film is the growth we see in Tarzan and Jane's relationship. Tarzan still speaks very broken English, but he clearly learned some new words from his lifemate. Besides, their love for each other really bloomed, and we felt like they really spent a year together in the woods. <br /> <br /> Most people consider "Tarzan and His Companion" superior to the original "Tarzan the Monkey Man". Personally, I liked the first movie a little better. The main reason is that the relationship between Harry Holt's team and Martin Arlington is not as enjoyable as Holt's relationship with James Parker (Jane's father) from the original. Mr. Arlington's character might have functioned as a great movie villain, but he plays the hero for much of the film. The film can never decide whether we should like it or hate it. (Besides, I do not want to give anything, but in one of the scenes where we must clearly hate it, Jane never finds out about these events, so the ending is not as satisfying as it could have been.) All of these detractors are relatively small, however, and it's still a great movie. As the first film, "Tarzan and his partner" has incredible action scenes, wonderful footage of wildlife, and one of the screen images. greatest romances of all time. If you liked the first movie in the series, this is definitely a sequel to see.
