The launch of TARZAN THE APE MAN in 1932 caused a sensation. It may be hard to believe, 70 years later, but the film had a lot of the same kind of impact that MATRIX or Lord of the Rings reached at a time when movies and radio were the main sources of entertainment. Tarzan became an instant pop icon, the "noble savage" that every woman fantasized about, and every man wanted to be. The only person dissatisfied with the situation was Edgar Rice Burroughs, who, while agreeing with MGM's creative freedoms and enjoying his heavy copyright controls, felt the "stupid" version of his character (with no plans to allow him did it). grow ') was unfaithful to his vision (he was going to start a production company, and would soon be making his own films' Tarzan'). MGM, realizing the value of its newest 'star', knew that the sequel would have to be even more spectacular than the original ... and TARZAN AND HIS MASTER delivered! <br /> <br /> The film had an interesting story; Cedric Gibbons, MGM's legendary Art Director, got a commitment from the studio to direct the sequel prior to the release of TARZAN THE APE MAN, despite the fact that he had NEVER directed before (the studio had not predicted the impact of the film) and did not think a rookie director had much importance in a "novelty" movie ... and they wanted to keep the Oscar-winning department head happy. Gibbons, a prodigiously talented and imaginative visual artist, adored the freedom of pre-Code Hollywood, and decided to have TARZAN AND HER MATE 'take the envelope' to the limit ... Tarzan and Jane would have fun swimming naked, and Jane would appear TOPLESS for most of the film. Maureen O'Sullivan said in an interview shortly before her death in 1998 that while a double was used to swim, she confided in the studio, and did 'a few days' of filming without ... but it became very much pain of head trying to strategically plant plants and fruit to block her nipples, and the idea was abandoned (the film filmed in those days would be worth a fortune!) She made a scene of naked silhouette in a tent, exhibited her breasts at the conclusion of her "dive" , and dressed in a jungle fantasy that was extremely provocative, very thin and open at the sides ... and the resulting clamor would help "create" the Hays Office, and the self-censorship that would soon involve the whole industry. <br /> <br /> MGM ripped off Gibbons from production (the 'official' reason given was his workload as Art Director), and veteran Jack Conway was listed as the new director, to appease the critics. although James C. McKay actually directed the film, as Conway was busy on 3 other projects in VILLA VIVENDO! <br /> <br /> The film incorporated the best elements of the original (safaris, killer tribes, Tarzan fighting jungle beasts to death to save Jane), and really improved the narrative. Harry Holt (Neil Hamilton), from the first film, returns to Africa in search of ivory at the Elephant Cemetery and tries to seduce Jane back to England with silk presents, underwear and perfumes. He brings with him Martin Arlington (Paul Cavanagh), an inveterate womanizer, who mocks Holt's chivalrous quest for Jane and pursues her as a potential "conquest" by any means (including killing Tarzan if and when he can get away with it without being seen. <br /> <br /> Tarzan barely tolerates intrusion into his happy life with Jane, and puts his foot down, refusing to allow the hunters to enter the graveyard. Man Monkey alone and shoots him, then returns to the camp with a fabricated story of his death. Now Jane has no reason to remain in the forest, and she can direct them to the Graveyard before her long journey back to England, comforted but a wild tribe and stinking torture await the group ... can Tarzan, being suckled back into health by his "family" monkey, recover in time to save Jane? While filming are again u the racial stereotypes of the 1930s are apparent, and gorillas are obviously actors in overalls, TARZAN AND HER MATE achieves a level of sophistication unsurpassed in any other film 'Tarzan', as well as a sexiness that even shamelessly TARZAN Bo Derek THE MACAINHO could not play. Johnny Weissmuller was in top condition, physically, Maureen O'Sullivan was never prettier, and "Africa" ​​never seemed more romantic and dangerous. TARZAN AND HIS MATE was a triumph (although it was drastically edited for many years), and remains the classic of the series, until today!
