This movie is a copy of James Cain's novel, THE POSTMAN ALWAYS CANCEL TWO TIMES. Apparently the director and producer never bothered to pay the rights to this story - maybe the fact that we were in the midst of fighting the Italians in World War II might explain their forgetfulness of considering the royalties! Despite this, the film is not just an Italian version of the Hollywood movie. In a way, it's much better and, in other ways, it definitely is not. <br /> <br /> The three main characters in this movie are really ugly people. In fact, male and female lovers are a bit icky-looking. The male protagonist is quite common, except for the deep hairs of his body (particularly the back and shoulders) and his beloved is, to put it frankly, unattractive. They are far, far away from Lana Turner and John Garfield in the Hollywood version. And the ill-fated husband is really, very obese and likes to walk shirtless - and his American fellow, Cecil Kellaway is definitely prettier (and probably prettier than the other two Italian leaders, actually). And this lack of attractiveness is usually one reason why I really preferred the Italian film - since I just could not imagine a finely-styled "dish" like Lana Turner in the middle of nowhere married to Kellaway - I am 100% sure that she would have dozens of better deals! Whereas, the Italian woman frankly may not have been able to do much better and this made the marriage truly believable. <br /> <br /> Part of the credibility of the Italian film comes from the forceful way it deals with sex. The sanitized American movie tries to make you believe that although Turner and Garfield kill Kellaway, they never get to have sex! This is very silly and totally unrealistic. In addition to the film's casual sexuality, it is also very casual to show the dark side of life - with lots of sweaty people, a fly strip hanging over the kitchen table and everyone seemed to need a shower. <br /> <The film is also quite fast compared to the long American movie. And what you gain because of brevity is not good. The film does not have much style and polish American film - with grainy images, relatively poor orchestration and scenarios. It's certainly not a beautiful movie, but the neo-realist style makes the film look more realistic. But it can not compensate for the shortcuts in the plot. Many of the plot elements in the later American version are totally absent or covert. And the ending looks a lot less interesting than the American movie - and loses all the dilemma of human nature when Turner and Garfield attack as rats (the best part of the American movie). <br /> <br /> So what's the best movie? Well, a lot of that probably depends on you. As for me, the Warner Brothers movie was simply too polished and too unrealistic (though many like that and may not like watching movies with subtitles) - but that's a great ending. And the Italian film was much, much more realistic - to the bad end that seemed very rushed. So neither of the two films is exactly great, but I give my nod to the Italian being a little better. It's a pity that they could not have combined the best elements of both films into one exceptional movie.
