Well, I've heard from somewhere that Ossessione is a forerunner of the Italian film genre, and particularly my favorite, the 'Giallo' ... but in fact, in addition to the fact that this is a thriller that was made in Italy; the two have virtually no relationship. In the 1960s and 1970s, Italian filmmakers earned a reputation for owning almost every successful American film ever released. They did not do it here, but Ossessione follows almost the same story as the American movie "The Postman Always Rings Twice," without giving the book's author, James M. Cain, as much as a credit! Finally, the plot is concentrated in Gino Costa, a beautiful wanderer who, by chance, comes across a coffee shop where a woman named Giovanna Bragana works. He soon discovers that she is married to Giuseppe; a big, boring man, whom Giovanna can not stand or touch. He wants them both to flee together, but she's not so interested in the idea. However, fate ends up intervening and her plan to have her husband murdered is successful ... <br /> <br /> Despite the fact that the film loses some credibility by not crediting the author whose story is based, he It has to be said that director Luchino Visconti has well implemented the film noir style, and somehow I even prefer the atmosphere of this film to some of the greatest American noir classics. The story is, as you would expect, extremely strong and Visconti manages to get good performances from his cast. Visconti drags the film a little too much, however, and with a running time of almost 135 minutes, I felt that the story was too thin to justify this kind of duration. I almost feel guilty for leveling all the reviews in Ossessione, because it's a good movie, but it's not a great movie. The relationship between the two central characters is never really explored properly, and it seems that the film is more interested in distracting us than letting us enter the characters' heads. There is not much mystery to the plot, because we almost always know what is happening and we do not always focus on the characters; the film is not as interesting as it could have been. Still, it does look interesting and comes recommended for that reason ... though not as good as the 1946 version of the same James M. Cain classic.
