With Iphigenia, Mikhali Cacoyannis is perhaps the first film director to have successfully brought the feel of the ancient Greek theater to the screen. His own script, an adaptation of Euripides' tragedy, was far from easy compared to the other two films in the trilogy he directed. The story has been carefully deconstructed from Euripides' version and placed in a logical framework, strictly chronological, in better conformity with modern methods of storytelling. Cacoyannis also added some characters to the film that do not appear in the tragedy of Euripides: Ulysses, Calchas and the army. This was done in order to clarify some of Euripides' points concerning the war, the Church and the government. Finally, the end of Cacoyannis in Iphigenia is somewhat ambiguous when compared to that of Euripides. <br /> <br /> The film was filmed in Aulis. The director of photography, Giorgos Arvanitis, shows us a rugged but beautiful Greece, where since Homeric times it seems to have stopped. He takes advantage of the bodies, the arid land, the ruins, the intense light and the darkness. The hardness of the landscape is particularly suited to the souls of the characters. The camera uses the full range of shots available since a long time, reinforcing the vastness and desolation of the landscape, as well as the human scale involved, to the extreme close-ups, dissecting and deeply probing the soul of the tormented characters. . In particular, the opening of the film, with an accelerated and daring trail along a row of stranded boats, followed by an aerial view of the many thousands of soldiers who are terrified on the beach, is a very effective means of communicating the impressive political forces and Agamemnon military. responsibility. <br /> <br /> No words other than "sublime" can describe the impressive performances of Costa Kazakos (Agamemnon), Irene Papas (Clytemnestra) and Tatiana Papamoschou (Iphigenia). Kazakos and Popes personify the sublimity of the classic tragedy of Greece. The character of Kazakos is extremely down to earth, and his powerful look at the camera, more than his words, reveals the unbelievable torment that rips his soul. Irene Papas is the modern quintessence of classical Greek pieces. In Iphigenia, she is terrible in her anguish, and even more so for what we know will be her revenge. Tatiana Papamoskou, in her first screen role, is notable in her interpretation of the innocent Iphigenia, which contrasts with Kazakos's austere portrayal of her father, Agamemnon. <br /> Cacoyannis is faithful to Euripides in his representation. of the other characters: Odysseus is a shrewd and astute politician, Achilles, a vain and narcissistic warrior, Menalaus is egocentric, obsessed with his honor, eager to be avenged and have his wife and property restored. <br /> <The costumes and scenarios are realistic: there is no Hollywood there. Agamemnon's rooms resemble a barn, he dresses, like the others, in utilitarian, handmade, simple costumes. The actual caravan of Clytemnestra is made of rustic wooden carts. <br /> <br /> The song is by prolific contemporary music composer Mikis Theodorakis. The score of Theodorakis intensifies the dramatic and cinematic unfolding, reflects on the psychological aspect of the tragedy and accentuates its dimensions and timeliness. <br /> <br /> This film and the story it tells provide a sizable view of the lost world of antiquity. Greek thought was the crucible of much of our modern civilization. It teaches us a great deal about ourselves as individuals and as social and political creatures. Euripides questions the value of war and patriotism when measured against the simple virtues of family and love, and reflects on the vulnerable position of women in a world of male violence. In his adaptation of Euripides' tragedy, Cacoyannis revisits all these themes in a modern, clear and dramatic manner. The relations that govern political machinations are clearly demonstrated: war corrupts and destroys the human soul in such a way that neither the individual nor the group can function normally any longer. With the possible exception of Menelaus, whose honor was tarnished by his wife's escape with his mistress, everyone has their own personal motivation to go to war with Troy, which has nothing to do with Helen: the thirst for power (Agamemnon) , greed (the army, Ulysses), or glory (Achilles). And so, in a real sense, Helen became the WMD of the Trojan War. War, stripped of all Homeric glamor and religious sanction, was merely an imperialist adventure, stimulated primarily by the desire for material gain, all the other being a pretext convenient. <br /> <br /> Another conflict raised in the film is that between the Church and the State. Calchas, who represents the Church, feeling the challenge to his priestly authority and wishing to destroy Agamemnon by insult to the Goddess he serves, tells him to sacrifice his daughter. By consenting to sacrifice, the king approaches his moral ruin, but by refusing, he loses his power over the masses (his army), who are brainwashed by religion. Of course, for Agamemnon, it's a game. The king must go along with the farce whether he honestly believes the gods or not, until he realizes, too late, that he has become entangled in committing a despicable filicide. <br /> <br /> It's a sacrifice or a murder, and how can we tell the difference between the two? By concentrating on the violent and primitive horror of a human sacrifice - and, worst of all, on his own son's sacrifice - Euripides / Cacoyannis creates a drama that is both deeply political and agonizingly personal. It addresses a more complex and delicate ethical problem that any society faces: the terrible conflict between the needs of the individual versus those of society. In the case of Iphigenia, however, as in the biblical tale of Abraham and Isaac, the father is invited to kill his own son, by his own hands. What kind of God would insist on such a payment? Can it be just or moral, even if divinely inspired? Finally, does the daughter's sacrificial death differ from the death of all the sons and daughters who are being sent to war? These are many profound questions raised by a two-hour film.
