The murder of Ruth Snyder - Judd Gray in 1927 inspired Ogden Nash to write a Broadway play called Machinal. Most notably, he inspired James M. Cain to write two short novels that anyone who actually got to the point of reading this review would be familiar with - Double Indemnity and The Postman Always Rings Twice. Both became classic noir movies of the 1940s, Double Indemnity being arguably the most perfect noir ever made. Some of the real-life elements in Snyder-Gray's story were captured by Cain - Albert Gray's old age and indifference, Ruth's high sexual desire, Ruth and Judd's passion and complicity in murder, and the famous insurance clause of double indemnity. Missing elements included the fact that the current scenario was a very urban Manhattan - Albert Snyder being a respected newspaper editor. The countless failed and incompetent attempts were also ignored in order to get right to the point. <br /> <br /> Cain's double indemnity was filmed perfectly by Billy Wilder - let's ignore Stanwyck's ridiculous wig as one of those interesting accidents of film folklore! The Postman Always Rings Twice, however, was filmed three times and Ossessione, an Italian version and first film by Luchino Visconti, was the first of three versions. Before commenting, I will recommend Lana Turner's version of John Garfield from 1946 in its entirety and five minutes from Jack Nicholson's 1981 Jessica Lange version to the big sex scene at the dinner table. <br /> <br /> Ossessione is not as much of a hit as The Postman Always Rings Twice. It has a strong neo-realistic visual that makes it a great movie, but many of the essential noir elements are missing. It has no discrete lighting and unconventional camera angles. The dialogue is not hard and instead the film focuses more on characterization. This is the longest version of the story and goes deep into the characterization. It's also much more sexual than Lana Turner's version. We have a very obvious adulterous relationship and Giovanna is obviously a nymphomaniac. A new character is introduced in the story - La Spagnola - with very obvious homosexual tones. There is also a small, but very well played role for a dancer who works as a prostitute. <br /> <br /> This is a much larger study of the working class than of crime. The public really has the feeling of poverty and dirt. The homeless is a complete homeless man, his wife is not Lana Turner, and may even have been a prostitute before the wedding. Her husband is an obscene capitalist - obese, rude and arrogant. I think the cast was brilliant for this movie. My only flesh is with the long run time. Everything went on for a long time and would have been more effective if it had been more economical. However, fans of realism and noir will definitely like Ossessione, as I did.
