A deplorable social situation triggers the catastrophe: a poor Giovanna ended up in the gutter, but there is still an ace in her sleeve: beauty and youth. Bragana, a fat gas station woman who has been doing well for years, picks up the street and offers her bed and her house together with her awkward affection. But the physical contact that Giovanna is now exposed only gives her feelings of disgust, and consequently she does not see a benefactor in him, but a tormentor from whom she has to get rid of. <br /> <br /> The arrival of Gino, a young migrant worker, finally gives him the long-awaited opportunity. And you do not have to ask twice: on the first date it gives you the feeling of being physically wanted, and a little later it lets you seduce it without offering any resistance. <br /> <br /> The development partnership has to comply with the rigid rules developed by Giovanna. Gino's longing for freedom is suppressed, his desire to leave the place with Giovanna and start a new life far from fatso is set aside. Giovanna wants another goal: to kill Bragana, to inherit and, in addition, to collect the insurance premium. In his hands, Gino degenerates into a tool of self-sacrifice. Being completely at the mercy of this woman, he turns into a cold-blooded killer. <br /> <br /> But in contrast to Giovanna, he questions the crime committed on a moral level. The very taking of the place of Bragana, which includes sleep in the bed of a dead man, provokes a deep aversion of itself. Later, having discovered the next payment of insurance money and seems to see through Giovanna's ingenious plan, he also performs a physical separation from his lover and finds comfort in the arms of a prostitute. If Visconti's film ended at this point, it could easily be classified as a condemnatory portrait of a cold, calculating, unscrupulous woman with a slight touch of social criticism. But then, the latest sequences make this carefully constructed construction of ideas crumble. Finally, Giovanna feels remorse for what she has done, and by the intransigent revelation of her most intimate feelings, she is able to ignite Gino's love again. His violent death by an absurd accident on the road not only leaves him helpless at the mercy of an arbitrary fate. It also affects us as we realize that none of the acting characters should be blamed for their disaster. The culprit is only the state of a society that determines the path of the individual unalterably from the beginning. <br /> <br />
