Today's audience will probably watch a movie like Ossessione and will not really consider how unheard of it was during the time it left. The structure of the film really separates from the happy Hollywood conventions as well as from other important theatrical elements. It depends more on the representation of reality in a very somber and sober light. Movies of this nature - the neo-realist films - were made to reflect the darkness felt during post-war times. Ossessione addresses some very provocative issues that were probably not seen on the screen before the war, including: adultery, conspiracy, murder, pregnancy, etc. Besides the unique scene of a crane and certain moments of musical swelling, the aesthetics of the film is very crude and hard: filmed locally, uses natural lighting and probably not popular actors. All these elements helped convey the issues explored in the film, producing the following theme: Negative karmic repercussions will haunt those who deliberately act immorally. <br /> <br /> The two leaders - Gino and Giovanna - are polar opposites. , however, both carry the mentality: we are bored and want to be entertained. Gino is a tramp; a solitary traveler who embraces life and its constant fluctuations. Giovanna is a bored housewife cemented in the familiarity of conjugal permanence: she does not want to leave home and her husband, but prefers to stay where she is because she is safer. Gino's lifestyle represents the ideal lifestyle Giovanna wants; the only difference is that she is too scared to live alone - that's why she falls in love with Gino: he represents everything she wants, but she does not have the courage to do it. Does she want to live in a world free from the monotony of living with her burly husband? Gino is the perfect ticket to this world. The following case between the two most likely audiences in the 1940s seems a bit uncomfortable. I mean, movies prior to the neo-realist era have never shown such outrageous behavior on the screen before. To say the least, it was probably a bit alarming. <br /> <br /> Along with the theme, the neo-realist style helps to show the negative repercussions of adulterous behavior. Briefly, adulterous behavior (as shown in the film) leads to depressed and weakened lives. When Gino and Giovanna conspire with each other to "eliminate" Giovanna's husband, karma comes to haunt them like a plague after the action is done. They return home: the atmosphere is dark and biting (as one might expect from the neo-realist style). They are not happy; they are actually more depressed. They thought that by eliminating Giovanna's husband, they would live happier lives, but they were deceived. The film ends with Giovanna's death - being in karmic similarity to the death of her husband. I think this is a very satisfying end for several reasons. Here's why. <br /> <br /> There is much talk about whether or not evil should be portrayed on the screen and, if so, to what extent. I think that portraying evil is very necessary if and only if the evil represented is not being glorified, but to show what negative consequences evil actions have. As the subtext of Ossessione asks, is adultery and murder evil? I think the film responds eagerly yes! The adulterous behavior between the two reveals how unhappy they are. Ironically, at the end of the movie, when they seem to be cured of their depression and are seen warming themselves in each other's arms inside the car, the film's author shows that their happiness is actually a façade: the car crashes. off the cliff and on the river, killing Giovanna; the police arrest Gino. I think it was the author's intention to say that even if people sometimes try to justify their immoral behavior, ultimately karma will come back to haunt them. I agree. I think the two got what was coming to them because they were both incredibly selfish - always wanting instant gratification and not willing to endure hard times. This was especially clear after the first sign of difficulty Gino and Giovanna experience in their relationship: he can not stand the pressure of living in the shadow of Giovanna's husband, so he leaves Giovanna and sleeps with another girl. Such is typical of the insatiable and hedonistic personality. <br /> <br /> All in all, the film seemed very risky for its time. The audience, however, was prepared to watch such a film because of the sobriety that the war brought. Those prewar, carefree movies were no longer believed. The movie-watching audience was ready to see and contemplate difficult films with complex characters: they wanted to see characters whose lives were entangled in so-called "sin" because it was a reflection of their own life problems. Ossessione, then, acts as a great catalyst for where the future of the film was heading. That is, it can be said that many of the pieces of naturalism we see today were influenced by the movement of neo-realist films.
