When people today hear of a 1940s drama, they often seem to create a certain irony, claiming that it is another tear with big stars leading the tragic and melancholic roles. This view, however, does not resemble Neorealist films, in particular the one directed by Count Luchino Visconti. OSSESSION as her debut, once censored and once cherished as a quasi-realistic masterpiece, is still loved by some people and strongly criticized by others. The contradictory views about the film that have appeared in these 65 years seem to have been caused by the content of the film itself, exceptionally controversial both for modern times and for the past. At the same time, despite being based on the novel by James M. Cain, THE POSTMAN ALWAYS CANCEL TWO TIMES, is one of the most genuine screen adaptations in which the director remains with his own style, vision, his own art. I saw the movie twice and the second preview led me to a very detailed analysis, part of which I would like to suggest below. <br /> <br /> First, the Visconti film seems to touch all the psychology and actions that people can do. in life, particularly those absorbed by desire. These people make such tragic decisions, despite the terrible consequences they are bound to face. Gino (Massimo Girotti) a bear-shoulder traveler appears at the intersection of a highway near Ferrara and enters the tavern. Although many people go there for a meal, Gino appears to get something more - much more: the tireless desire of the beautiful Giovanna (Clara Calamai) a woman already married to an elderly man who runs the bar, Mr. Giuseppe Bragana (Juan De Landa ). Your body and your song possess your mind totally and from the moment of your first love, the couple plans to get rid of the old obstacle and build a new life together ... However, people are stuck to wrong actions in the face of desire ? Can someone build love after the murder? What is love and what is loyalty? Does desire lead to dangerous addiction or even to obsession? Such questions arise intensely while watching the film, when, at the core, the viewer is provided with a view of the characters. "We have to love each other lovingly," Giovanna responds, apparently giving a cure to every tearful conscience, but desiring love can justify and heal everything? "It's not what we both wanted," says one of the couples ... it occurs that it is not. Therefore, the content of the film seems to be very dangerous if not analyzed with intelligence and heart. However, it remains constantly thought-provoking. <br /> <br /> Second, OSSESSIONE has a very strong point that speaks to modern viewers: brilliant moments and wonderful cinematography, which combine with memorable sequences and visual power. These make a modern viewer realize that a movie made almost 70 years ago is absolutely fun to watch. They range from tasteful erotic images to purely technical photos. Who can skip this moment in Ferrara, where Gino meets a beautiful girl, a kind of "Ragazza Perfetta" (perfect girl), an dancer Anita and buys his ice cream. Your wishes show a totally different direction ... Do viewers remain indifferent to Gino-Giovanna's first meeting? The camera's first focus is on Giovanna's legs, seemingly representing the carnal desire for the love Gino experiences. One marvel of shooting is Gino and Giovanna leaving the research room and the close-up of their shadows that direct our attention to their suspicious eyes. <br /> <br /> Third, OSSESSIONE can boast of exceptional performances from both the leading pair and the support cast. Massimo Girotti once said in an interview that working on this film was one of the most difficult jobs he had ever done; still, consequently, what comes out is an impeccable performance. He portrays a bisexual man in desires who commits a crime but does not support any of the objects that remind him of his victim, who represents consciousness. His bisexuality is indicated through the character of Lo Spagnolo (Elio Marcuzzo), which he finds in very surprising circumstances on the train to Ancona. Clara Calamai, who was cast for the role after the eminent Anna Magnani refused, fits nicely into the role and we can say that there is a real chemistry between the couple. Both are very convincing. In addition, I liked Juan De Langa in the role of Bragana: he portrays an elderly husband not affectionate with his wife and still crazy about high art. In some of his most witty moments, he asks his wife to wash his back or walks the empty streets singing his favorite opera songs after a kind of karaoke performance. <br /> <br /> In short, we, as modern viewers who are capable of critical vision, have to look at this film very objectively. It is art certainly, thanks to the aspects mentioned above, is a powerful story, thanks to the controversy it carries; Is it still educational? Visconti was not Fellini, who said he carried no message to humanity. In that case, his films would only entertain (which, of course, is not entirely Fellini's style either). Visconti always had something to convey. What did he want to say here? Is the movie against bad marriage? Or is it against wrong actions of people absorbed by desire? The last shocking moments say for themselves. Although you do not have to agree with the vision, OSSESSIONE is really a wonderfully realistic film, one of the best 8/10 Visconti.
