(Some spoilers) I did not read James M. Cain's novel ("The Postman Always Turns Twice") on which this movie was based, so I can not compare this movie version to it, but I have seen and loved the American version of 1946 (Still titled `Postman '). <br /> <br /> Even better is this gem of Italy, which, I read, was "maimed" in the edition because of many crude references to the fascist regime. Well, does it matter? what remains is a good piece of cinema, apparently the forerunner of the neo-realist movement in cinema. Can one certainly see why? despite any harsh editing, a sense of social and cultural as well as personal oppression remains, hanging over the protagonists, who therefore face many limits in life. <br /> Consider Gino, the young bum, is not well educated, unemployed, and uses to arrange, steal and deceive people in order to survive, his only pair of shoes so worn to the point of being virtually useless. In Giovanna, he sees a way out, but he should have continued, as Giovanna is overwhelmed by her loveless marriage to an older man with some money, her job (working the trattoria for her husband, walking behind the bar and into the kitchen), and her sex. In the past, she had limited options and decided to marry the owner of the restaurant / gas station (Giuseppe Bregana, played by Juan de Landa), knowing he would not make her happy. She tells Gino that she feels bad every time Bregana touches her. Under the pretext of helping Bregana repair his car and send him to the village to buy a necessary piece (which he actually pocketed), Gino wins Bregana's favor (also promising to repair the bomb of water broken? Water symbolizing life, or lack thereof) and is left alone with Giovanna. They immediately start a warm, passionate, but volatile love affair. <br /> Gino soon feels suffocated by the relationship and feels the need to move on when Giovanna proposes to get rid of her husband. Not wanting to participate, Gino leaves the city on a train he can not afford, kindly paid for by another gypsy man named Spagnolo, a colleague by train. For Gino, Spagnolo represents a kind of freedom, and they become friends (Spagnolo also symbolizes the morality and consciousness of Gino), traveling and finding work in a carnival together. Finally Gino has a steady job. To his astonishment (he still has not finished his love for Giovanna), a month passed when Bregana and his wife went to the carnival and Bregana convinces Gino to return "home" to live and work with them again, since it is useful to have around. <br /> <br /> Very weak will to resist, knowing that this will reunite him and Giovanna, Gino agrees and returns to stay with the couple. After a while, he gives in to Gina's demands to get rid of her husband. Once evil is done, Giovanna becomes colder than ever, seeming to have very little conscience, while guilt and shame corrode Gino by hurting a man who has never done him any harm. As much as he wants to leave her? it does again briefly, they are now inextricably linked, and must face the consequences. <br /> <br /> I liked the way the Spagnolo character came back to Gino's life to act as a judge of his mistakes ?? this was very nice and interesting, adding another dimension to the story. <br /> <br /> While the American version of 46 with Lana Turner and John Garfield gets a little lost in a quagmire of peripheral characters, especially the cops and Ossessione does well to focus much more on the psychological effects of crime only on the lovers. This gives the end result even more power, and makes a powerful statement reinforcing the helplessness inherent in the society in which the characters must live. <br /> <br /> A little pun: The amount of time (hardly any) that runs. before eternal love is spoken by the lovers, how quickly they kill the husband (there is no first failed attempt as in the American version); Is Gino too quick to escalate relationship with the dancer / prostitute? they quickly profess their love too, and she's willing to risk too much for a man she just met! ??? It's all pretty unreal, is not it? I found this time frame problem quite distracting? It made me think that I must have lost something somewhere. Otherwise, it is worth the time of the viewer. The performance and direction were uniformly good all the time. Recommended.
