Ossessione, loosely adapted (or is it so loose or close to the version I saw of James M. Cain's The Postman, plays twice with Jack Nicholson and Jessica Lange, I can not be sure) by the first director Luchino Visconti, no is less remarkable with the use of mis-en-scene, music (diegetic and non-diegetic) and acting. I did not know what to expect Visconti to do in his approach to the material, after seeing La Terra Trema and seeing how sometimes his political motivations infiltrated a little. But this is a drama totally based on character and emotional, bordering the melodrama (however, without the conventions that hinder the smaller ones), and with the style in the best way of the motion-noir movement, Visconti creates a premiere that surrounds like any other neo-realist film. Neorealism, by the way, could be fairly claimed as being an ancestor (along with Children Are Watching Us), that this would take shape after the war. Although love and romance are more at stake here than in some of the more famous neo-realist endeavors, it is treated in a simple and narrative way, and is connected to other familiar themes in neorealism (the death of the lower class). , beyond despair). <br /> <br /> In addition to the story, which is simply described on this site, the art with which Visconti captures the images, and then filters them with objects (a shawl on Gino Costa's profile when in guilt), shadows and darkness that tend to overcome many of the later scenes of the film (usually about Gian and Giovanna), and the feel of the Italian streets in many of the outer scenes. Domenico Scala and Aldo Tonti (who would play some of Rossellini's and Fellini's films) help visualize the look of Ossessione, who is usually moving on a character, then pausing to read so much emotion on their faces, their kindly voices and mannerisms And ugly, sad and somber and romantic. I think I've just scratched the surface of how effective the fact that the film itself was cheering me on, even fearing the future of the two tracks. The two leaders (Massimo Girotti and Clara Calamai) depict all compelling, true and quasi-operatic emotions, and the main supporting actors are also without their attributes. <br /> <br /> It is a brilliant and overwhelming adaptation, and it points out as an amazing sign of what was to come to Visconti in his career.
