Visconti's first feature, Ossessione, is an adaptation of James M. Cain's The Postman Always Rings Twice. Now, I'm not familiar with this book or the other versions of the movie, but I'm a big fan of Cain's Double Indemnity (much more than I'm a fan of the Billy Wilder film version, actually). The two novels seem to be very similar. Both involve a case of illicit love in which a voracious wife complains to a morally weak man that her husband is useless and mean to her. Giovanna, the woman in this Italian version, played very well for Clara Calamai, is not the evil embodied as the wife in Double Indemnity, but she seems very spoiled. Her husband (a great performance by Juan de Landa) is a bit cruel to her, but she seems a little intransigent to him. He's older than her and unattractive, so she's pretty fickle. When Gino appears, a muscular young man, it takes about five minutes to get him to bed. She wants to be with him forever, but she's stuck with her husband. They separate at the beginning, but when they meet again, they (apparently, although this is intentionally vague) plan to kill the husband. They are successful and return to the woman's hometown to run the bar that her husband owned. Gino is not very enthusiastic about this idea. He wants Giovanna, but the one thing he certainly does not want is to sit in one place for the rest of his life. Your relationship quickly collapses. Ossessione is a very complex film with complex characters. It's always fascinating, but it lasts a little too much. At two hours and twenty-two minutes, I can not, for my life, find out how long it took! This is partly due to the neorealistic styling that Visconti was inventing in this film. It was, after all, the first movie that won that label. We see a lot of the protracted action as it would in real life without any rush to the next point in the plot. I have seen many of the Visconti films, and the only one I like more than this is Rocco and his brothers (1960). Its direction is as great as it always was, with the camera moving brilliantly and the perfect editing. I also feel the need to highlight the best performance of the film, from Dhia Christiani as a young (exotic) dancer and part-time prostitute named Anita whom Gino meets after he starts trying to get rid of Giovanna. She's only been in the movie for maybe five or six minutes, and she has only a few lines. It's shocking how much Visconti and Christiani are able to do with this character in such a short time. She is absolutely desolate. 9/10
