Watching "Ossessione" today - more than 6 decades later - is still a powerful experience, especially for those interested in film history and more specifically about how Italian filmmakers have changed films forever (roughly from "Ossessione" and "I Bambini Ci "Guardano", both from 1943, until 20 years later with Fellini, Antonioni, Pasolini.) Visconti makes an incredible directorial debut, taking the plot (uncredited) of "The Postman Always Plays Twice" as a guide for the development of his own themes. <br /> <br /> To this day it seems to us that we are ahead of his time. <br /> <br /> "Ossessione." It was filmed in fascist Italy during World War II (think of it !!), portrayed scenes and themes that made the film immediately banned from theaters - and the fact that he used the plot of a famous American novel and did not pay for copyright did not help. "Ossessione" reveals form alarming to Italy, in times of of war, poor (far from idealized Italy portrayed in the fascist films "Telefoni Bianchi"); but he is also extremely adventurous in his sexual frankness, with shirtless Gino (Massimo Girotti, who definitely precedes Brando's Kowalski in "A Streetcar Named Desire") taking Giovanna (Clara Calamai), a married woman, to bed only 5 minutes later To know. We watched the unglamorous Calamai and the subtle yet undeniable homosexual hints between Gino and Lo Spagnolo (Elio Marcuzzo - a very attractive actor, his face unlike Pierre Clémenti who was shot by the Nazis in 1945, at age 28) . years old!) ... In a nutshell: sex, lust, greed and poverty, as relentlessly as rarely, if ever, has been shown before in Italian cinema. <br /> <br /> All copies of "Ossessione" were destroyed shortly after its opening - it was called scandalous and immoral. Visconti was able to save a copy, and when the film was re-released after the war, most critics ranked him as the favorite of the neo-realist movement, preceding "Roma CIttà Aperta" by Rossellini and "Sciuscià" by De Sica. Some other critics, perhaps more appropriately, saw "Ossessione" as the Italian counterpart of the "poetic realism" of French cinema (remember that Visconti had been Renoir's assistant), especially "Quai des Brumes" and "Le Jour se Lève" by Marcel Carné, and "Pépé le Moko" by Julien Duvivier. While "Ossessione" may be neo-realist in its visual language (the representation of the paesian life of the Italian war with its popular fairs, poverty, child labor, prostitution, homelessness, cheaters, etc.), the characters and themes were already decidedly viscontianos. He was always more interested in tragic characters, passionate, obsessive, greedy, in social / political / sexual apartheid, in the decadence of elites than in characters and realistic themes of "daily life" favored by DeSica and Rossellini. In "Ossessione" we have already found elements of drama and tragedy developed later in many of his films, especially "Senso" (the definitive departure of Visconti from the neo-realist aesthetic) and "Rocco and Suoi Fratelli" ... Even for the most part " Neo "-Realist" movie, "La Terra Trema," makes his fishermen grow from everyday characters to mythological figures. <br /> <br /> "Ossessione" is a good opportunity to confirm the theory about great artists The body The work focuses, analyzes, and develops specific themes and concerns over and over again, from its first to the last work, regardless of whether landscape, backdrop or time can change - Visconti can play with the picture, but themes and "Ossessione" is not to be missed: you will surely be fascinated by this powerful and innovative film.
