I'm not normally required to write a review for a movie, but the only comment for this movie so far is quite unfair, so I feel it necessary to share my point of view. "Krisana" (or as it was titled in the theater I saw, "Fallen") follows Matiss, a lonely Latvian archivist, as he tries to learn about a woman to whom he has not tried to stop jumping from a bridge, as well as your reasons for doing so. This is the plot in a nutshell, but this film does not care as much about the story as about the guilt of a man who failed to act. As a detective investigating the incident tells him, we usually do not bother to worry about the anonymous faces we spend every day until after they die. <br /> <br /> Comparisons with Michaelango Antonioni and his "Blowup" will most likely abound in any review you read about "Krisana". The influence of Antonioni's philosophical and austere style and the story of "Blowup" is clear and, in fact, writer / director Fred Kelemen makes an obvious reference to this film in scenes in which Matiss tries to meet the woman who jumped off the bridge, or at least who he thinks he did. <br /> <br /> The only other person sharing their views about the movie diminishes the look and sound of the movie. He or she forgets to consider the budgetary constraints that a Latvian existentialist film faces, but the atmospheric black-and-white cinematography and the ambient sound manage, at an artistic level, to portray the solitude of Matiss. The background sound of the wind and the street noise lends a sinister aura and reminiscent of a film by Fellini, whether or not that is Kelemen's intention. Filmmakers undoubtedly had little money, but this restriction is used to the advantage of the film. <br /> <br /> "Krisana" succeeds as a character study with enough humor to keep it from being too serious. It could easily have fallen into the trap of a mystery story, but avoid it and it becomes a clever film about loneliness and guilt. If you're more concerned with the plot, this movie and its ending may frustrate you. Otherwise, take the time to get involved. Worth looking for.
