There I was sitting alone in my apartment on a Saturday night with the choice to watch CITIZEN X or the Eurovision Song Contest, and for the benefit of Americans reading this I will explain that the TESC is an annual event where musicians from all over the world Europe and Asia Minor has a song contest. At the end of the contest, countries vote to see which song was the best. It's a contest even less exciting than it sounds and it might not be a shock when I say that singing and composing songs are not of the caliber of Lennon and McCartney. And I should correct something in the first sentence of this review because the word "Choice" is misleading because being a music lover I would not attend the TESC under any circumstances. <br /> <br /> So I sat down as the credits rolled over to CITIZEN X waiting for a series of serial killers, but I would be fooling everyone by calling it that. It is obvious within the first 10 minutes of CITIZEN X whodunnit. What the film does is point out the flaws of communism: "A serial killer comrade! This is the Soviet Union, serial killers can only exist in decaying imperialist capitalist systems." This burlesque attitude goes far beyond denial, there is a scene in which one Disguised Police Officer Sits in a freezing train station, keeping an eye out for suspects while wearing his police jacket because it's the only warm jacket he has! And of course, all the suspects who are members of the communist party are released without questioning, something that will affect the final number of dead. All this is very well done, as it shows us that it is the system of the communist party that is being tried, but about two-thirds of the path of CITIZEN X we meet in 1990, when communism is in its last stages and reforms in research have occurred. . It is at this point that the film becomes quite uninteresting due to the lack of political subtext and the film descends to a movie of hunting to the people in general. But do not let that put you off, CITIZEN X is an intelligent thriller well played by the cast, especially Donald Sutherland as a paternal police chief. Strangely, a few years ago I read something written by the famous criminologist Colin Wilson, in which he said something along the lines of serial killers letting themselves get caught up in the spotlight in the media spotlight, and I found myself almost sympathetic to the party bosses, denying that there could be a serial killer in the Union Soviet Union. After all the media is controlled by the party and anyone who is old enough to have listened to Radio Moscow or read translations of Pravda in English will know that the USSR only reported news such as potato harvests, coal production and letters of thanks from Afghanistan , Cuba, etc. Soviet assistance. The concept of becoming a serial killer in a communist system is illogical. But I think if a tree falls into a remote Siberia forest, it will still make a sound even if no one is around to hear it.
