Blood Castle (also known as Scream of the Demon Lover, Altar of Blood, Ivanna - the best but least explored film title, and so on) is a very traditional Gothic Romance film. This means that it has great chilling castles, a stubborn young woman, a mysterious older man, signs of horror, and supernatural and romantic elements in the contemporary sense of this genre term. This also means that it is very deliberately stimulated, and that the movie will work best for the horror experts who are big fans of the euphemism. If you like films like Robert Wise's The Haunting (1963) but also have a taste for Spanish horror from the 60's and early 70's, you can also love Blood Castle. <br /> <br /> Baron Janos Dalmar (Carlos Quiney) lives in a large castle on the outskirts of a traditional and unspecified European village. The locals fear him because the legend says that whenever he throws a woman, she soon ends up dead - the consensus is that he puts his fierce dogs on them. This is a problem because the Baron has a very healthy appetite for women. At the beginning of the movie, another woman appeared dead and mutilated. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, Dr. Ivanna Rakowsky (Erna Schürer) appeared in the center of the village, asking to be taken to the Baron. Castle of Dalmar. She is an out of town hired by the Baron for her expertise in chemistry. Of course, no one wants to go near the castle. Finally, Ivanna encounters a sombre individual (who gets even more somber) to take her. Once there, a strange woman who lives in the castle, Olga (Cristiana Galloni), rejects Ivanna and says that she should not be there since she is a woman. Baron Dalmar hesitates as to whether she should stay. She ends up staying, but with some reluctance. The Baron hired her to try to reverse the effects of the severe burns, which Baron's brother, Igor, is suffering. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, the Baron's brother seems to be just a piece of decaying flesh. bizarre and blackened barrel of liquid. And in addition, Ivanna is having strange and hallucinatory dreams. Just what is happening in the castle? Is the Baron responsible for the crimes? Is he crazy? <br /> <br /> I wanted to like Blood Castle more than I did. As I mentioned, the film is very deliberate in its rhythm, and most are very discreet. I can go anyway on stuff like that. I do not care for The Haunting (yes, I'm in a very small minority there), but I'm a big fan of the 60s and 70s of European horror. One of my favorite directors is Mario Bava. I also love Dario Argento's work from that period. But occasionally, Blood Castle moved slowly for me at times. There are big chunks of scenes that are not very exciting, alternating with scenes of Ivanna walking slowly down the aisles of the castle. <br /> <br /> But the atmosphere of the movie is decent. Director José Luis Merino has achieved more than sets and passable venues, and they are well filmed by Emanuele Di Cola. However, Blood Castle has a relatively low budget, and this is a film produced by Roger Corman after all (which usually means a "quickie" low budget, albeit often surprisingly high quality). So while there is a hint of Bava's exuberance of colors and complex decoration, everything is much more minimalist. Of course, it does not help that the printing of the Retromedia that I watched looks like a 30 year photo that was left in the sun for a long time. It looks "faded" with compromised contrast. <br /> <br /> Still, Merino and Di Cola occasionally create fantastic visuals. For example, a scene of Ivanna walking in a dark hallway that is filmed from an exaggerated angle, and where an important element of the plot is revealed through shadows on a wall only. There are also some Ingmar Bergmanesque photos where actors are exquisitely locked up to engage in complex relationships as well as just being visually appealing and pulling their eyes deep into the frame. <br /> <br /> The performances are reasonably good, and women - especially Schürer - are very attractive. Merino explores this fact by incorporating a decent amount of nudity. Schürer went on to make several films that were both soft corn pornography and other genres, with titles such as Sex Life in Woman's Prison (1974), Naked and Lustful (1974), Strip Nude for Your Killer (1975), and erotic explorations of a Sexy Seducer (1977). Blood Castle is much more tame, but beyond nudity, there are still light scenes suggesting rape and slavery, and of course, scenes mixing sex and death. <br /> <br /> The main attraction here, however, is probably the story, which is a much slower romance than anything else. The elements of terror, the mysterious elements and an unexpected twist near the end are bonus, but in the end, Blood Castle is a love story about a couple who overcome various difficulties and antagonisms (often with physical threats or damage) to stay together.
