I remember following the case of André Chicatillo in the newspapers while I was living in South Africa. They had pictures of him sitting in his cage while being tried in court. Not, as it turned out, to protect the members of the court, but to protect it from the public. This was fascinating, albeit morbid, reading. Later, I heard that a movie was made by HBO about the case, but it was made for American TV. Bummed! Strangely enough, the CITIZEN X received a limited film release in South Africa. I charged up to the local Ster Kinekor complex and duly bought a ticket (I was alone; my girlfriend at the time was only interested in likes STEEL MAGNOLIAS and FRIED GREEN TOMATOES ). Wow!! What a brilliant movie. Why have not you been released to a wider audience? If it had not been made for TV, it could have an Oscar or 2 nomination. There is no way to spoil the ending; Whoever is the killer is never kept in the audience. Jeffrey DeMunn plays a truly terrifying psychopath. He is calm, downtrodden, considered a failure by his wife and subjected to constant ridicule and humiliation by his superiors at work. By committing these horrendous acts, he feels strong, powerful. <br /> <br /> Struggling to catch him against all odds is a pathologist, played the excellent back by Stephen Rea in one of his strongest performances. He must counter the snail's rhythm of the Russian bureaucracy, the primitive resources at his disposal and (above all) the refusal of his superiors to recognize that the USSR even has a serial killer. The responsible general (Joss Ackland) says serial killers are "a decadent western phenomenon". Only Donald Sutherland is willing to help, but his help must be under the counter. The always brilliant Max Von Sydow plays a Russian psychiatrist who breaks the protocol and decides to help the investigators in their search. It is the first time in Russian history that a psychiatrist is used to construct a profile of a serial killer still on the loose, and he has everything to lose if his involvement becomes public. <br /> <br /> CITIZEN X is brilliantly acted out, well written and music and editing only heighten the tension and theme of the film. The excellent support of a horribly underused Imelda Staunton and a real sense of imminent destruction make CITIZEN X a movie worthy of being seen. That was too good to do for TV
