The dazzling seventeen-minute dance sequence of George Gershwin's 1928 orchestral play, "An American in Paris," is an undisputed masterpiece. Precisely choreographed and unparalleled in talent by Gene Kelly, the vibrant combination of color, music and dance is still surprising, as the play is divided into scenes inspired by masters of selected artists - Dufy at the opening piece of Place de la Concorde, Manet at flower market, Utrillo on a Paris street, Rousseau at the fair, Vincent Van Gogh in the spectacular play of the Place de l'Opera and Toulouse-Lautrec at the Moulin Rouge, where Kelly wears his famous white clothes. The 97 minutes that precede this end are not so exciting, not from afar, but there are certain charms to watch the entire 1951 Oscar-winning musical. Director Vincente Minnelli and screenwriter Alan Jay Lerner created a surprisingly sophisticated, yet light-hearted romantic story focused on Jerry Mulligan, an old GI who stayed in Paris after the end of World War II trying to make a living as a painter. With his boastful style and athletic dance style, Gene Kelly can be both insinuating and annoying as a screen personality, but he seems to find his work as carefree Jerry. The plot of the love triangle is focused on Jerry's involvement with Milo Roberts, a self-proclaimed patron of art, but a sexual predator when it comes to young artists. In their first encounter in a crowded nightclub in Montmartre, Jerry falls in love with Lise, a young woman who turns out to be the bride of Henri, a professional artist and friend of Jerry's friend Adam, a concert pianist out of work. Romantic comings happen to the inevitable, but not before several of Gershwin's classic songs are played. <br /> <br /> The best of them is the most imitated - a romantic song and dance to "Our Love Is Here to Stay" a fake-seine river in a hazy blue mist with yellow fog lights. The way Kelly and Leslie Caron circulate each other is transcendent as they approach each other at first and then synchronize beautifully with the music that leads to the last climax. Few films have so elegantly and succinctly portrayed two people falling in love. "I Got Rhythm" and "S'Wonderful" highlight Kelly's agile and pleasing touch while "Embraceable You" is danced impressively by Caron in a montage in five scenes from the complete description of Henri de Lise to Adam. Designed to showcase Caron's dance versatility, the sequence is similar to that of "On the Town," where Vera-Ellen showed her considerable dancing skills when Kelly's sailor character described her multifaceted vision of Miss Turnstiles. Like Lise, Caron's nineteen-year-old (in her first film) dances superbly and deals with her role with uncompromising charm, with her acting talent not to blossom for several years. Looking pretty glamorous, Nina Foch plays older as manipulative Milo and manages to be kind enough to care about her fate, while Oscar Levant is just her sarcastic self as Adam. Performing an elegant "I'll Build a Stairway to Paradise," George Guétary plays Henri so pleasantly that you feel bad for him losing the girl in the end. This is not MGM's best musical, but there's certainly enough magic to make it worth it. The 2000 DVD contains a rather original impression, but little else in terms of extras.
