What makes for the best imaging material? The Oscars went a long way in rewarding exaggerated spectacles that have aged poorly and ignored the "authors" who would be deified in the decades to come. It was not because Hollywood was against art or creativity. The Academy Awards are the selections made by the industry itself, which is why, at least in the classical era, they tended to reward the greatest collaborations, the most sensational meetings of the creative minds. <br /> <br /> The Arthur The unit released at MGM was tied to the Oscar-winning glory for several years to that point; It was only a matter of time before Freed, aided by his strongest director, Vincente Minnelli, and some of the best musical stars in the business, got a better movie. Freed undoubtedly did more to elevate the status of the musical than any other person, creating images that weave history and music together without losing the dynamic musical spectacle of the 1930s. The point about Freed's musicals is that the Song lyrics, unlike those of Hammerstein or Lerner, do not have to count or even relate to the stories. The important thing is that the tone of the song and the way it is presented fit the structure of the film. <br /> <br /> An American in Paris was the first of three Freed musicals (the other two being singing in Rain and The Band Wagon), who took the existing classical numbers from their original context and made them work on a story completely different. Words do not fit the plot, but the routines fit the show. So when Gene Kelly sings I Got Rhythm, he does not have a girl yet, but the way it's done with the French kids getting together is a great characterization, and the melody and dance liven up the movie. need at this time. An American in Paris also uses the break of rules allowed in the genre to add little unconventional fantasy flights to tell the story, such as the series of dances that accompany Leslie Caron's character description. <br /> <br /> And what better director for this project than Minnelli, himself a painter and pianist? Right now there was not really anyone who had a better Technicolor feel. While some directors saturated each scene in one color or filled the screen with conflicting shadows, Minnelli's color schemes are rigidly controlled but never seem to be forced. In the opening scenes, the tones are quite soft, but not monotonous and, in particular, there is no red. During the meeting of Oscar Levant and Georges Guetary at the café, a few more vibrant tones are introduced. So during the first musical number, "By Strauss" Minnelli gradually brings splashes of red? a tablecloth, a bouquet of roses until it eventually dominates, as if the music awakens the color scheme of the image. For most songs, colors are choreographed as intricately as people. However, in some numbers, such as "Tra-la-la," it keeps the tones alike and instead opens up the space as the music increases and the characters become more animated. <br /> <br /> The Achilles heels of an American in Paris is his story. Personally, I find the romantic angle particularly unpalatable, playing as if it were a last chance for the misogynistic love stories that reigned in the 1930s; the obstinate and independent woman is rejected, while the gentle and delicate girl is harassed to love the hero. Even if you do not mind this, it's hard to connect emotionally with the story because it's constantly overshadowed by songs and dances. Compare that to Singin 'in the Rain, which does not have many great or memorable routines like An American in Paris, but it has a winning story. Singing in the rain was overlooked at the 1952 Oscar, it is still regarded as a classic of the genre today. But I think people sometimes forget that movies are a comprehensive form of visual entertainment, not just a way of telling a story. An American in Paris is not deep or engaging, but like a certain DeMille picture that won the top prize the following year, it certainly is a great show.
