An American in Paris was, in many ways, the ultimate blend of Hollywood art and music. Made at the height of MGM's powers as a musical powerhouse, the film features a memorable Gershwin song, which was rightly called the equivalent of Beethoven and Mozart in the twentieth century. Gene Kelly was also at the height of his powers in this film, although it can rightly be argued that this film was only the warm up of his best work in Singin 'in the Rain (1952). . The two films are, in fact, closely linked. In addition to Arthur Freed's connection, the Broadway segment Melody in "Rain" owes its existence to the incredible American sequel to the Paris Ballet in this film. This may well have been the only time a number of dance is especially mentioned in the opening credits of the film. And it deserved to be, since it shows the abilities of Gene Kelly as dancer and choreographer to the maximum. <br /> <br /> The cast of the film is uniformly excellent. Leslie Caron, incredibly making her film debut, shows a maturity that makes you think she had been making movies for years. His introductory dance sequence and later his work in the Ballet offers some surprisingly sexy moments rivaled at MGM Musicals just for the work of Cyd Charisse on Singin 'in the Rain and The Band Wagon. Oscar Levant is hilarious as Kelly's stoic friend, who gets two of the film's best moments: during the final sequence of the film (which I will not give to anyone who has not seen the film), and one of the film's most memorable musical numbers which unites his incredible piano skills with next generation special effects (for the time). <br /> <br /> Less memorable are Georges Guetary as Kelly's romantic rival, though he has some musical highlights, and Nina Foch as Leslie Caron's romantic rival. The May-December relationship between Kelly and Nina's character reminded me of the same "man-maintained" relationship seen between George Peppard and Patricia Neal at Breakfast at Tiffany's. <br /> <br /> There are some elements of the movie that made it less satisfying to me than singing in the rain. The Ballet, while luxurious and well-produced, does not really fit with the rest of the film. Without revealing the plot, the Ballet has just happened, without a real rhyme or reason. And unlike the sequel to Broadway Melody, it really has nothing to do with the plot - and in the best musicals, the songs always have some sort of raison d'être. <br /> <br /> To make matters worse, it's the end of the movie that happens immediately after the Ballet. Although the ending should not be a surprise (after all, it's an MGM musical), I was expecting a little more ... movie after the end of the Ballet. It's as if director Vincente Minnelli felt he could not follow the Ballet with anything else. The movie literally left me in the hand. <br /> <br /> What a downside, An American in Paris rightly ranks alongside the best of Hollywood musicals. He does not reach the heights of Singin 'in the Rain but comes close and remains a testament to Gene Kelly's abilities as one of the greatest dancers of all time.
