Parsifal (1982) Starring Michael Kutter, Armin Jordan, Robert Lloyd, Martin Sperr, Edith Clever, Aage Haugland and the voices of Reiner Goldberg, Yvonne Minton, Wolfgang Schone, director Hans-Jurgen Syberberg. Straight out of the German film school, the kind that favored tons of symbolism and Ingmar's burgher surrealism, came this 1982 film from Wagner's final masterpiece - Parsifal, written to correspond to the Sixth Easter / Easter and to the consecration of the Bayreuth Opera. This film follows the musical score and traces accurately, but the way it was filmed and performed is bold and avant-garde and no other Parsifal takes the crown in its bizarre cinematography. Syberberg is known for controversial films. Before this film, he had released films about Hitler and Nazism, Richard Wagner and his personal anti-Semitism, and a documentary about Winifred Wagner, one of his granddaughters. This movie is possibly disturbing in many ways. Parsifal (sung by Reiner Goldberg but played by Michael Kutter) is a man throughout the first part of the film and then, after the enchantment of Kundry's kiss, is transformed into a female. This element of gender bending exhibits the feminine / masculine / ying-yang nature of the quest for the Holy Grail, which serves all mankind and redeems it through the blood of Christ. In the fortress of Klingsor, the pagan sorcerer, there are photographs of notorious sinister figures such as Hitler, Nietzche, Cosima Wagner and Wagner's mistress Matilde Wesendock. The Swaztika flag is hanging outside the fortress. Parsifal travels in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries throughout the film. The tempting maidens of flowers are naked. Kundry is portrayed as a kind of beautiful but corrupted, Mary Magdalene or Eve of Genesis (played by Edith Clever, but beautifully sung by mezzo-soprano Yvonne Minton). Ultimately, this film is for fans of this kind of bizarre symbolic Germanic / European metafiction and for intellectuals who appreciate the symbolism, history and lovers of Wagner's opera. In fact, the song is grand and convincing. Reiner Goldberg's Parsifal is a focused and intense voice but lacks the depth and overall grandeur of the larger Parsifals of the stage - James King, Wolfgang Windgassen, René Kollo and Placido Domingo himself today. Yvone Minton is a sensual, dramatic and exciting voice Kundry, perfectly investigating her tormented state. While the production is certainly unorthodox and as non-Wagnerian as possible (Wagner's concept was Christian ceremonial pomp with grails, spears, castles, knights and wounded kings, a dark sorcerer, darkness turning into light, etc. typical Wagnerian themes ). it is still a nice art film.
