updated on January 1, 2006 <br /> <br /> Parsifal is one of my two favorite Wagner operas or musical dramas, to be precise, (Meistersinger is the other.) although it is hard to imagine him as "the best of all". pops. "The libretto, as the composer as ever, is a jumble of religion, paganism, eroticism, and possibly even homoeroticism, and its size may make the public seem to hear ink dry. Wagner being a famous anti-Semitic (Klingsor may be one of his surrogate villains) naturally entrusted the premiere to an unconverted (not for lack of RW trying!) Hermann Levi, who was his favorite regent! (Go on!) Kundry, a a more confused girl and another likely Jewish substitute, is both villainous and benevolent, depending on the scene. <br /> <br /> Whereas many video versions of Parsifal seem sideways, this opera film is, in comparison, a breath of Hans-Jürgen Syberberg, the director, has brought a considerable imagination to this, but it is difficult to know why he made some of his choices: for example: the famous double Parsifals (of each genre!), The puppets, the set of Wagner's death mask and various s dolls and symbols, such as the Nazi swastika in one of the travel scenes. (Although I remember, "real" Engelbert Humperdinck wrote the actual music to accompany the scene changes.) Although Wagner himself died too early to be a real Nazi, many of his descendants (as well as his second wife, Cosima). were at least fellow travelers, including his grandson Wolfgang Wagner, who still runs the Bayreuth Festival in old age. In fact, Wolfgang's son, Gottfried Wagner, in complete opposition to his father, tried to reach an honest agreement with his great-grandfather. <br /> <br /> Syberberg also seems politically ambiguous for what I read. In 1977, he made a well-known film about Hitler, "Hitler: ein Film aus Deutschland" (sometimes called "Our Hitler"). As it lasts 8 hours and has not been widely distributed, most people have not seen it (myself included). Armin Jordan, the conductor of the audio CD on which this film is based, plays Amfortas (sung by Wolfgang Schöne) Edith Clever (Yvonne Minton) plays Kundry, Michael Kutter and Karin Krick interpret the two Parsifals (Both sung by Reiner Goldberg!) And Robert Lloyd and Aage Haugland play and sing Gurnemanz and Klingsor. Although opera takes place over a long period of time and everyone (except Kundry?) Has been described as having aged considerably between Acts 2 and 3, no one looks like an older day at the end of the period. opera. In this opera, the Grail is the cup that Jesus drank at the Last Supper and not Mary Magdalene, as in more recent times, an idea that I consider absurd!). <br /> <br /> Lead and sing are all quite useful and the DVD seems to have improved the sound if not the picture to a large extent. (Yes, I agree that the "Kna" approach is superior, even in the second stereo version, but it is probably superior to all recorded versions in general.) <br /> <br /> Not a Parsifal for All Wagnerists , but rather I think it works very well as a filmed opera.
