This very peculiar setting of Wagner's last opera definitely grew in me. When I saw her for the first time, I was a little annoyed by many of the surrealistic images of the films, and I felt that this was very much overlapping with the story. However, if you can deal with a fair amount of "tricks," I think you will find that the film manages to capture the strange atmosphere of another world of opera, and that there are moments particularly Personally, I never really understood the role of Kundry until you see as Edith Clever interpreted it. Her performance (a mime synchronized with the lips of Yvonne Minton's voice) is dazzling from end to end, and only justifies the hours it takes to absorb the film. <br /> <br /> Another reason for The Pleasure of This Movie is that it captures Robert Lloyd's spectacular interpretation of Gurnemanz's crucial role that Lloyd did with an opera in operas around the world. I had the privilege of enjoying him several times as Gurnemanz on the stage of the Metropolitan Opera, and the good sense of his voice and the cordiality of his interpretation of this noble character needed to be preserved, as well as his performance in the two main monologues of the character, scene of Karfreitag and the account of prophecy in Act 1. <br /> <br /> The version I saw was a videotape made for America, and then there were subtitles that, unfortunately, could not be eliminated. This is especially unfortunate because the translation used is very imprecise and forces an extremely Christian interpretation into a film that is already forcing layers of interpretation in the opera. This seemed to me quite contrary both to Wagner's clear Christian Avoidance and to his deliberate attempt to "generalize" the Christian elements of history. (See footnote with spoiler at the end of this review). I find it almost impossible, when watching a movie with subtitles, avoid absorbing them, and strongly recommend that if in DVD versions you have the ability to turn subtitles. you do this, and instead, if the opera is unfamiliar to you, you read the libretto carefully beforehand. <br /> <br /> The point is that there is a lot in the movie that I do not like, and as soon I saw it done differently ... but it has steadily increased in my opinion over the years since I first saw it and I feel drawn to enjoy it again and again. <br /> <br /> FOOTNOTE CONTAINING A SPOILER: A good example would be Kundry's famous phrase: "I saw him ... he ... and he laughed." This translates, in the legends, for reasons that escape me, like "I saw the face of the Savior." It is especially annoying to me, because throughout the libretto, Wagner very deliberately and carefully refers to this invisible character that does not have to be the biblical Jesus as "der Heiland", ie the German for "The Healer" - a reference to Amfortas wound, and for all wounds and diseases and the need for healing.
