This is an incredible movie to watch or show young people. In addition to a very brief nudity scene, it gives an interesting glimpse into the colonial domain in Africa that you will rarely find in other films. It has a superficial resemblance to OUT OF Africa, but without all the romantic fluff. The white French in Cameroon are fascinating because they do not even seem to regard the natives as people. The whites are all bosses and they expect black servitude without question. However, unlike real servants, you only once hear any of the whites say "thank you" and no other consideration is given to these people. Again and again, it is as if they are pets or slaves, since people's feelings are never considered. <br /> <br /> The central illustration of this lack of thinking is the relationship between the mother, Aimée and her maid, Protée. Although sometimes they spend a lot of time together and it is normal for them to start having sexual feelings with each other, the White Woman never considers Protée or the existence of their feelings. A good example of this lack of thinking is when she protects her dress and it is obvious that he is very sexually frustrated with it. Beyond this relationship, while almost all whites are completely oblivious to the fact that Africans are people, some go so far as to abuse them verbally and treat them like crap. <br /> <br /> The relationship is also interesting. between Protée and the little girl (which is the one that is grown at the beginning and end of the film). While they are very close, sometimes it is more like a toy or a pet and the girl never plays with native children. <br /> <br /> There is a bizarre white character who sometimes seems to consider the Blacks better but unfortunately his character is very inconsistent and confusing. One moment, he is doing a hard job with the Blacks or eating with them (something the other Whites would never have done) and the next he is trying to defeat Protée! I could only imagine what motivated him - maybe he was just an idiot, or he was crazy or maybe he was a communist agitator who tried to incite blacks against whites (who knows!). In fact, in addition to some good scenes, this character seems quite wasted. <br /> <br /> Although I really enjoyed the insight of this movie, I wish it had been more than just a few snippets of this world. from the perspective of a child during a short period of his life. The context and what happened to rid the country of colonialism is never addressed and the film left me wanting more. The film seems to have started in the early '80s (since she's wearing a Walkman style headphone) and when the movie came back in time, it looks like it was set around 1960 (more or less), but there was never any mention to the movie. 1950s anti-colonial violence or the nation's independence in the early 1960s. I'm guessing a little bit of this confusion may be that the makers of the film made a mistake and should have made the film's beginning earlier (as in the 1970s) and made the woman think about her life there in the early 1950s - before the country underwent political change. <br /> <br /> In addition to the missing context and confusion over time, it was a good idea to use the prologue and epilogue that portrayed her as an adult traveling the country. And I also liked the ending, since it was a pleasant surprise when you found out more about the good man who offers you a ride. But overall, it seems like something is missing - there simply is not any resolution or message other than showing that colonialism is thoughtless and cruel.
