I knew absolutely nothing about Chocolat before I saw it. I did not know anything about the story, the cast, the director or anything about the history of the movie. All I knew was that it was a highly acclaimed French film. If I had known more, I probably would not have seen the image with an open mind. On paper, the premise does not seem interesting to me. If I knew what Chocolat was ahead of time, my interest while watching would have been limited. However, not knowing about the story helped me like this. Everywhere, I had no idea where the story would go, what the characters would do and what the end result would be. It was at least a predictable film. In fact, it could have been how the story is told in flashbacks. Telling a story in flashbacks is often a risky move by filmmakers. Since the main character is seen these days, the public knows that it will remain alive. By using the flashback technique, director Claire Denis is able to assure audiences that she reaches adulthood without any serious physical harm, giving the viewer the feeling that Chocolat is a story more about emotions than about what is outside. A minor filmmaker would give France a downcast face, which screams from a confused and unusual childhood. Instead, Denis presents France as a pretty girl, someone who looks good from the outside. <br /> <br /> It can be argued that Chocolat is more about the mother of France, since she gets much more time on the screen, although I believe it is about France. For me, what Chocolat really is is how a mother's actions affect her daughter. It is about how parents' behavior stays with their children. France is not ruined by her mother's actions in history, but her mother's actions clearly impressed France. If France had not been affected by her mother's actions, the flashback aspect would be irrelevant. <br /> <br /> For a film that deals with two periods of time, past and present, Chocolat was very well paced, there was no scene of excess fat. None of the scenes seemed free or out of place. The film had a good rhythm, the editing was clear, leaving only what was necessary to tell the story. With a well-told story, solid editing and organized direction, Chocolat is one of the best French films I have ever seen. She was responsible for the launch of Claire Denis' career and for good reason: it's an incredible debut in the direction.
