Set in Cameroon in West Africa in the 1950s, Claire Denis' Chocolat is a beautifully photographed and emotionally resonant poem that portrays the effects of a dying colonialism on a young family during the last years of French rule. The theme is similar to the recent Nowhere in Africa, although the films are very different in scope and emphasis. The film is told from the perspective of an adult returning to his childhood home in a foreign country. The Frenchwoman Dalens (Mireille Perrier), a young woman traveling through Cameroon, recalls her childhood when her father (François Cluzet) was a government official in French Cameroon and had a loving friendship with servant, Protée (Isaach de Bankolé). The heart of the film, however, revolves around the mother of France Aimée (Giulia Boschi) and their love / hate relationship with Protée, who is boiling with unsaid sexual tension. <br /> <br /> The home is divided into public and private spaces. The rooms of the white families are private and forbidden to everyone, except for Protée, who works in the house, while servants are forced to eat and bathe in the open air, exposing their bare bronze bodies to the looks of the white family. It is clear when her husband, Marc (François Cluzet), moves away in business that Aimée and Protée are sexually attracted to each other, but the rules of society prevent it from being openly acknowledged. In a revealing sequence, she invites him into her bedroom to help her dress her dress, and they both look at one another in the mirror with a challenging desire in their eyes, knowing that any interaction is taboo. <br /> <br /> Young France (Cecile Ducasse) also makes a bond with the servant, feeding him from his plate as he shows her how to eat crushed ants and carries her on his shoulders on walks under the night sky. Despite their bond, the true nature of their relationship between servants and bosses is apparent when France orders Protée to interrupt her conversation with a teacher and immediately take her home, and when Protée is at her side at the dinner table, waiting for her next command. . When an airplane loses its propeller and is forced to land in the nearby mountains, the crew and passengers must move to the complex until a replacement part can be located. Each visitor shows his disdain for the Africans, one of them, a wealthy owner of a coffee plantation, brings food left over from the kitchen to his black mistress hiding in his room. Another, Luc (Jean-Claude Adelin), an arrogant white Frenchman, disturbs racial balance when using the outside shower, eats with the servants and insults Aimée about her attraction to Protée, leading her to a final emotional confrontation with the servant. Chocolat is vaguely autobiographical, adapted from the director's childhood memories, and is slowly paced and as mysterious as the mediocre isolation of the land on which it is filmed. Denis emphasizes the effects of colonialism without preaching or romanticizing the characters. There are no victims or oppressors, no good masters. Protée is a servant, but he is also a protector, as when he stands guard on the bed where Aimée and her daughter sleep to protect them from a furious hyena. It is a sad fact that Protée is treated as a boy and not as a man, but Bankolé imbues his character with such dignity and stature that it diminishes pain. Due to its pace, Western audiences may have to work hard to fully appreciate the film and Denis does not, in Roger Ebert's phrase, "train our emotions." The truth of Chocolat is in the gestures and looks that touch the silent longing of our heart.
