This is a romantic comedy with an emphasis on comedy for a change. As usual, lovers - Sally Field as the queen of the almost heavenly novel, Celeste Talbert; and Kevin Kline as the marginally talented and marginally talented actor, Jeffrey Anderson - are working toward cross purposes, seemingly unaware that they are madly in love, etc. Due to a bit of Margo Channing by Bette Davis in All About Eve (1950) and a whole According to the theatrical tradition of the pinafore, Sally Field goes to the top toward hilarity as she prepares her way to love and happiness. Kevin Kline, one of the most underrated men of the last few years, is also very good and very victorious because he can be handsome, vulnerable, selfish and loving at the same time. <br /> <br /> The center of misadventures Around Celeste's fear of losing her audience when she entered her forties, and reaching the point of crisis with the arrival of her niece, aspiring actress Cori Craven (Elisabeth Shue), who turns out NOT to be his niece, with consequent complications in the plot. Cori manages to play a small role in the novel as a homeless deaf mute before discovering his true relationship with Celeste (and Jeffrey Anderson as well) - but it does not matter. <br /> <br /> As a romantic counterpoint or Among the protagonists are Robert Downey Jr. (novel director, David Barnes) and Cathy Moriarty (Montana and Nurse Nan). David Barnes is so sexy to her, but she only cares about one thing: getting rid of Celeste to be able to shine more intensely on the set. To this end, she makes Barnes do all sorts of things to destroy Celeste's career, but by chance and / or perverse logic, all her attempts go awry, to the delight of the viewer. <br /> <br /> Whoopie Goldberg plays Rose Schwartz, the series' lead writer and Celeste's alter-ego and confidante, while Carrie Fisher has a modest turnout as the show's tough producer. I found this to be funnier than just another parody of the soap opera world I saw (Young Doctors in Love 1982 who burlesqued the TV General Hospital and it was very good). Soapdish is funnier with a script and lots of laughs and incredible performances from Field, Kline and Downy, Jr. But check this out for Sally Field, which is great.
