Scottish artist Andy Goldsworthy creates natural materials in ephemeral works of art, setting stones on egg-shaped hills, filling riverside rock pools with fire flowers and sewing spikes and twigs in intricate patterns of webs. An original work and some photographs of his other creations are hidden in a corner of the Southampton art gallery (close to where I live), but although I find these pieces intriguing, I only realized the wonder of Goldsworthy's work when I was lucky Take a new view of Rivers and Tides. <br /> <br /> Thomas Reidelsheimer's film, accompanied by a beautiful instrumental soundtrack by Fred Frith, gives life to Goldsworthy and his art by showing the artist at work. The opening scene captures him by fusing fragments of icicle into a snake wire placed on a tree trunk. Working with his teeth and bare hands, Goldsworthy makes a beautiful ephemeral work. In a short time, this delicate sculpture undoes nothing in the bright sunlight of Nova Scotia. This scene is one of the most beautiful in the film, but the breadth and inventiveness of Goldsworthy's work is remarkable. Reidelsheimer shows both successes and failures, capturing the frustration of collapsing pieces before they are completed, as well as the glory of those who shine, even for just a few hours, minutes, or seconds. <br /> <br /> Goldsworthy himself provides the narration, speaking slowly but thoughtfully about the themes in his work. He makes clear his need to work with nature, to be alone in it and to deepen his understanding of it, trying to work with natural materials, even when they seem to be working against it. Sometimes he is realistic and humorous; other times does he struggle for words to express his purpose? something that is perfectly understandable when witnessing firsthand his amazing work. The title's 'Rivers and Tides' become increasingly relevant as we see natural materials pass through the artist's hands, flowing from one form to another. The capture of the creation and dissolution of Goldworthy's work is itself an amazing work of art. Although Goldsworthy works with widely varied materials and covers the territory in North America and Europe, the presentation of works of art one after the other. another in this movie is exhausting; it gave me the same tired feeling I feel when I spend a lot of time in an art gallery and I mourn to accept anything new. A brief break in which we are introduced to Andy's family and hometown is all that breaks the long succession of his works of art. However, Reidelsheimer does a great job of photographing Goldsworthy and his creations, locating them in their broader environments, from sinuous Canadian rivers to rainy Scottish slopes. Appropriately, the film ends with Goldsworthy tossing handfuls of dirt and snow into the sky. Faster patterns emerge from dust particles, even when they dissipate in the air; this is the purest expression of the beauty found in the work of this remarkable artist.
