I admit that for the first 20 minutes or so of this movie I was not sure if I would go through it all. Like many other people, I found this very annoying, and I was not totally anxious for an hour and a half watching this guy bite ice pickups and put them together. However, if you go through the creation of your first work long enough to see the finished product, you will have an idea of ​​how the rest of the film is impressive. I really find it sad that so many people have found this impossibly boring or a retread of ideas made by other artists. <br /> <br /> Rivers and Tides is a quiet study of some of Andy Goldsworthy's works of art and methods, which makes his art something totally natural, usually resulting in pieces that will be consumed by nature through normality. entropy process. It's slow and glamorous, but I think a lot of the purpose of the film is to show that Goldsworthy's art does not need any accompaniment for it to be appreciated. I even heard people complain about how he's always talking about it throughout the movie, rather than letting nature and his artworks speak for themselves, which I think is crazy. <br /> <br /> On the other hand, many people complain of CDs that come with the lyrics written inside them. Many musicians also think that their music should mean whatever the listener wants to say without the musician showing the exact lyrics, I think I am the kind of person who believes that I would like to know what the artist was trying to accomplish with his work of art. I can still accept what I want, even if I know what I should do. I can understand not wanting to hear him speak through the movie. He, after all, loses his line of thought and finds himself unable to explain part of his work on more than one occasion, but if you do not want Goldsworthy to talk about your art while watching the film, feel free to turn it off the sound. It's like not reading the lyrics if you do not want to know what a musician is singing and prefers to interpret the words. <br /> <br /> I think the work of Andy Goldsworthy, which I had no idea, existed before I started. I watched this movie, it's incredibly impressive, and I'm glad that this movie was made to show it. In fact, as his work is generally not the kind that can be transported to a studio, photography is the only medium that is not the movie that can express it, and I really enjoyed being able to see the work that goes into his art, and the way that only things of nature are used. Whether or not you like certain aspects of how this film is presented, Goldsworthy's work is moving enough to ignore this, because the film is not the star, the art of Goldsworthy is. And given the lack of any music or even the minor special effects and slow nature of the film, it seems to me that director Thomas Riedelsheimer knows this.
