Day zero has a purpose and this is not simply entertainment, it provides a message about his shootings in specialized schools. Mapping the lives of two friends, Andre and Cal, who led to an attack on his school. While the film began in a somewhat unpretentious way, an impromptu ad of the next attack in amateur teenage style, followed by some brief encounters with the boys' families. It's not long before we start working with the boys showing us their collection of weapons, their fetishistic love for them, their sporadic narcissistic fantasies, and even in a controversial scene like building tube bombs. <br /> <br /> So what is the movie trying to say? What is really motivating these soon to be killers. It seems difficult to identify. They certainly do not present themselves as cold-blooded psychopaths, but they plan an act of sheer brutality. This brings me to what I feel is the genius part of day zero. Cal and Andre constantly talk about how much they are on a different level, how high up they are and how they will leave us behind. Like the columbine killers, they really feel superior. Like Nietzsche's feeling, Cal and Andre's value system seem to have been born of the rejection of his society. However, we are only given glimpses of it, an expression of hatred for a popular athlete, for example. So where's the motivation? What I feel is that Coccio portrayed two individuals desperate to make a statement of superiority, a gesture of their power, but that does not have a reasonable place for it. Hence they turn to mass murder and the kind that will attract more attention than they could imagine. That is why, in part, school shooters seem capable of performing atrocious acts, even though they have come from good, stable and loving homes. The murder is part of a fantasy, Cal and Andre are totally lost in their fantasy that they can barely see the reality of their actions. They turn fantasy into tragedy. <br /> <br /> What is most fascinating about this film is the character's development and the unique dependence that Cal and Andre have on each other. Andre is over the film openly the leader of the two, embracing Cal of his behavior and costume seems a bit forced. Andre is tense, Andre is intense and serious. He completely avoids others except for his family, he is meticulous and precise about everything he does and for a while seems to be the main engine of the plot to attack the school. However, he is kind in his own way, he does not adopt the adolescent absurdity and partly we feel compelled to agree with him, but these moments are destroyed by the fleeting gestures of violence against us, the public treating us as confidant and victim in potential. Cal, on the other hand, seems more relaxed than Andre, accepting reality more. However, it is their dominant way. We have many personal moments of introspection with Cal's video diary, scenes when he is alone and separated from André. Cal seems to be struggling with his own personal demons and using his plan to exorcise them. Andre is jealous of Cal going to the dance with an old friend, he wants Cal just for him. Cal appeases Andre and encourages him. For the first time in his life, Andrew seems to have found someone who believes in him and admires him, can not lose him. While Cal found someone offering him a way out. <br /> <br /> The film certainly increases and improves as it approaches its sad conclusion. There is an excellent moment when Cal attends high school prom. Suddenly, the movie star becomes shy and introverted, not at all comfortable with her colleagues. However, we are inclined to feel more connection with Cal than with the noisy and noisy crowd who screams juvenile obscenities while drinking heavily in their limo. Of them is a very common and recognizable episode. We do not want to relate to them, when it's over and Cal is back with Andre silently preparing one of his final videos, we like the characters to feel at ease again in the fantasy world they've created. We feel like avoiding the masses as they have. <br /> <br /> The penultimate scene is superb. The final video shows Andre and Cal arming themselves in their car just moments before they attack. It's all very real and really creates a sense of imminent destruction. Knowing that we have met Cal and Andre and we are realizing that they are about to do so, with a kind of morbid fascination, we are also savoring the catharsis of the films. <br /> <br /> The massacre filmed on CCTV is sometimes shocking. and although it was certainly the perfect choice to describe the massacre, if we were going there, there would be no flaws. What is more significant is the sudden and radical change in perception we have of Cal and Andre, looking at them in that person, all of a sudden they are the insensitive killers we knew would become even if they refused to acknowledge that they would do it. It is violent and real, our heroes have become monsters and the reality of their fantasy is a terrible tragedy, which costs them everything. <br /> <br /> The final scene shows a group of teenagers filming themselves burning crosses erected to Andre and lime in disgust they were celebrated. Knowing Andre and Cal, we can only feel a sadness by the fact that they really disappeared forever and that surely they did not gain anything. <br /> <br /> Day zero is a must for anyone interested in these violent, sensational media acts. It's a character study that's worth a try.
