As always, controversial films like this have mixed reviews. You love or hate, and not everyone will like this movie. This shows the perspective of the killers, something I personally think is something important to consider. You may hate them, you may claim to understand them and feel as though you could relate, but regardless of the movie, you will think of school shootings from a different perspective. <br /> <br /> The movie is filmed entirely using a handheld camera, something that I think works very well because it makes it more realistic. It is said completely from the point of view of the murderers, from their "missions" to family outings, all leading the great "Zero Day" day, in which they plan a massacre at their school. Zero Day does not offer answers, but only presents a glimpse into the lives of two troubled kids and allows the audience to decide for themselves. Our feelings toward boys are somewhat mixed between sympathy and hatred, but we are still confused as to why two ordinary boys would do such a thing. They show themselves surprisingly normal, typical teenagers leading ordinary lives, and if we did not know what they were planning we would not expect one thing (They make it clear throughout the movie that no one else knows about their plan) /> The acting is extremely good considering that the two actors are complete unknown. We can only hope to see more work of the two in the future. Although this is a fictional film, we can not help noticing the obvious similarities with Columbine. Calvin and Andre are frighteningly similar to Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold, (not so much in appearance, but in the way). As someone who has researched Columbine extensively, I have been able to see the similarities and is almost certainly based on this. <br /> <br /> The actual massacre is shown through surveillance cameras at school and is one of the most chilling things I have ever seen. I was completely in shock after seeing it, and it's a feeling that stays for a while. It is very realistic and well done, and it is very difficult to watch. <br /> <br /> In the end, Zero Day is an excellent movie, and I think everyone should at least take a look. In the past, we have always labeled the killers as "psychopaths" and we assume that either they were biologically linked to the disaster or had influence in the media, but as Zero Day shows, sometimes the motives are deeper than that, and we can never really understand why tragedies like these like school shootings happen until we come from the assassins' perspective.
