"Kolchak: The Night Stalker" is an extremely entertaining TV series in which an insistent, sarcastic, forty-something reporter is repeatedly drawn into deadly combat with supernatural (and occasionally extraterrestrial) forces. Based on a popular pair of TV movies with the character Kolchak, this series died quickly in the mid-1970s because of the low ratings but still holds a strong cult. But will the average modern viewer be able to dig Kolchak and his weekly clashes with the undead? <br /> <br /> This is really a difficult question to answer fairly. Detractors in this series tend to argue that it is stereotyped and hopelessly dated. On the other hand, the fans argue that it is cleverly written, well acted and sometimes genuinely scary. And I? I have one foot in both camps. I really enjoyed watching all 20 episodes of Kolchak on DVD recently, although I can clearly see that the series has major flaws. <br /> <br /> I will address the question of Kolchak being the "formula" of fiction first. Now, I think we can all agree that most TV shows have formulas - almost every episode of Columbus unfolds according to the same pattern, for example. Repetition is not necessarily a bad thing in itself; in fact, critics have long recognized that the public generally enjoys and actively seeks out repetitive entertainment. However, the problem with Kolchak is that his formula is simply too rigid - it is very repetitive even by the most generous standards. <br /> <br /> In almost every episode, Kolchak investigates a murder and learns that it was committed. by some form of monster. He tries to publish a story about the monster, but his editor Vincenzo blocks it, always claiming that Kolchak does not have enough evidence to support his claims that supernatural forces are at work. And, unfortunately, Kolchak is also obstructed by the police. So in the end, Kolchak does some independent research on the monster, finds out how to kill him ... and then kills him. No ceremony or reward, or writing a great story about it. <br /> <br /> You can see where this ever so strict formula can become tiresome, right? I'm particularly puzzled by Vincenzo - if Kolchak is always raving about monsters, and Vincenzo never believes that ... well then, why does not Vincenzo shoot Kolchak, or is he compromised? That's what any normal boss would do. But the series avoids this realism and prefers to keep Vincenzo and Kolchak as comic antagonists. As a result, many of their scenes together are deeply unbelievable - although they are also very funny. <br /> <br /> The best episodes of Kolchak can overcome the limitations of this formula, usually because they contain some kind of unexpected turnaround. These selected episodes are good enough and I think they are immune to criticism typical of the series. Some of my favorites include: Horror in the Heights - an episode that is noteworthy for being dirty, resourceful and socially conscious. Kolchak's dialogue has an extraordinarily clear and cynical edge. Despite being closely linked to Kolchak's formula, the screenplay (written by Hammer Studios veteran Jimmy Sangster) is extraordinarily literate, and plunges deep into the monster's past. The Devil's Platform - a possible inspiration for the "Omen" movies, this episode stands out to me because the villain - a very young Tom Skerritt - tries Kolchak with a satanic contract full of goodies (and , in doing so, reveals much about the character of the reporter). Firefall - This episode seems to have a bad reputation among fans, but I liked it because it has great red herring and a really scary, almost unstoppable monster. <br /> <br /> Although I've chosen these three episodes to compliment, I would say that most stories are fun to say the least. For my money, there are only two complete turkeys in the 20-episode episode: Primal Scream, which is about run-of-the-mill monkey men in Chicago, and Sentry, which features the dumbest-looking makeup in the history of filmed entertainment. rating is coming from a fan of Doctor Who and Godzilla throughout life!) <br /> <br /> On balance, then, this is a good series. A bit repetitive, a bit extravagant, maybe, but it has elements of grandeur. Even during the weaker episodes, Darren McGavin's wonderful performance as the caustic, weary, and infinitely funny Kolchak really shines. He loads the series effortlessly, in a way that, for example, Sarah Michelle Gellar never did in "Buffy." McGavin was a great actor, and it's worth watching this series just for him.
