The Unborn tells the story of a couple named Virginia (Brooke Adames) and Bradley Marshall (Jeff Hayenga) who have tried to get pregnant for the last five years. Virginia has had two miscarriages ever since and is desperate to have a child. They visit Dr. Richard Meyerling (James Karen) for help after he is recommended by some of his friends, Dr. Meyerling says he will be able to help them have a child. Dr. Meyerling is based in Virginia and it is confirmed that the surgery was a success and that Virginia is pregnant. At first everything seems perfect and Marshall could not be happier, but their perfect lives do not last long as Virginia's pregnancy develops problems, she becomes grumpy and acts out of character completely and receives a disturbing phone call from Beth. Jane Cameron), another woman who underwent Dr. Meyerling's procedure, which states that Meyerling is actually using his patients for his own sinister purposes and is in fact a disgraced genetic researcher. Virginia begins to question what is growing inside her ... Produced and directed by Rodman Flender I really thought The Unborn was a decent horror / suspense (it's not DEFINITELY a science fiction film like movie). IMDb would have you believe) that pleasantly surprised me. Henry Dominic's script tries to be different and should take some credit for it, at least. The Unborn goes to psychological horror instead of cheap scares and bad special effects, has a rather clever story that works and plays with basic human fears. It moves at a reasonable pace, although it's not exactly an action-packed movie, by any means. The climax was good and seemed like a good way to sort things out, and the warnings about genetics seem even more relevant today than it must have been back then, maybe Flender knew something the rest of us did not know. On the downside, it lacks some elements of exploration and is at the heart of a dialogue-driven film mainly focusing on a person so he can get a little annoyed at times. Also, I have to mention this, what in Erath was that black skateboard dwarf smiling all over eh?! <br /> <br /> Director Flender does an OK job, The Unborn is far from the most elegant or visually interesting movie ever made, but it's good enough. The atmosphere is good and there is a bit of tension like what Virginia has inside it and Dr. Meyerling's sinister plans are not fully revealed until the last possible moment. Unfortunately, blood and blood are almost nonexistent, which somehow leaves the film aside because, in retrospect, nothing really memorable happens, The Unborn trusts good stories, which is fine, but in a week I doubt I will remember a lot about it. Technically, the film is OK, I imagine The Unborn had a very low budget, but it's well done, even if it's a bit bland and forgettable. The baby creature is actually a decent special effect and has a pretty realistic facial movement. Lisa Kudrow, I have to be honest, I do not like Friends and I do not even know who she was, so I can not have you. say how she did it. <br /> <br /> The Unborn is a good horror / suspense that deserves to be more widely known and seen, it is much better than a lot of the crap of low budget than the shelves of the junk video store. If you're a horror fan and are looking for something a little different, something a little smarter and thought-provoking than usual then I think you could do a lot worse than The Unborn. Followed by a changed sequel The Unborn II (1994), which I watched right after this, check my comment if you want ..
