PLEASE NOTE: POSSIBLE SPOILERS (but not really - keep reading). Ahhh, there are so many reasons to become completely addicted to this parody that I will not have room to list all of them. Opening credits defined the playful scene with kitschy cartoon images from the late 1950s; a charming mambo theme Peres 'Prez' Prado, which seems to be curiously uncredited (but their grunts are unmistakable, and no one made them); and with familiar cast names including Kathy Najimi a year before she hit with Sister Acts 1 and 2 plus Teri Hatcher from TV's Superman. <br /> <br /> Each scene is imbued with superficial injustices in various actors, actresses and producers on daytime TV. Peeking behind the careers of these people is just an excuse for an old-fashioned and delicious farce. Robert Harling wrote this rampant parody that plays like an edition of MAD Magazine, but it seems a gift to us in the audience. Some of the cliché characters are a little shady, but everyone is sizzling with a lot of envy, especially against Celeste Talbert (Sally Field), who is the perennial award-winning program leader, nicknamed "America's Sweetheart." The opening of Emmies daytime awards introduces us to Celeste's show, The Sun Also Sets. Against all vain fears to the contrary, Celeste wins again. She is very happy because it is always "such a genuine emotion": "Adam, you watched? I won! Well, nguh ..." The reason for Adam's absence soon becomes the justification for the whole plot, and we are instantly on a trip with Celeste's neuroses. She cries, screams, and wrings her hands through the rest of the movie while her dresser Tawnee (Kathy Najimi, constantly staggering behind Celeste, invisible through Celeste's paranoia fog) satisfies a taste for Tammy Faye Baker, for which Tawnee had been in fact contracted specifically. <br /> <br /> Rosie Schwartz (Whoopi Goldberg) has seen all this before. She is the lead writer for the program, and she and Celeste have been excellent support networks among themselves for 15 years. So when Celeste goes mad, Rosie offers to leave her off the show for six months: "We're just going to say that Maggie went to visit the Dalai Lama." But Celeste has doubts: "I thought the Dalai Lama moved to LA." "Well then, some other lama, Fernando Lamas, come!" This line of skewers should be quite offensive to the actor Lorenzo Lamas, son of Fernando Lamas (d. 1982). <br /> <br /> Those who can remember the economics professor (Ben Stein) on Ferris Bueller's day. Off (1986), as he mortally calls the roller ("Bueller. Bueller. Bueller"), will have the secret pleasure of seeing him again as a nitpit writer. Another well-hidden member of the cast includes Garry Marshall (in real life Mr. Happy Days and Penny's brother), who "pays $ 1.2 million to make the commanding decisions" in The Sun Also Sets - he says definitely likes "peppy and cheap". "and Carrie Fisher as Betsy Faye Sharon, who is" a whore. "Geoffrey Anderson (Kevin Kline) is the" hot-with-a-spoon "(and he is, incidentally) now rescued from his hell by David Seaton Barnes (Robert Downey Jr), and brought back to the same show, he has been canned from 20 years before.Of course this presents some logical challenges for current writers because his character, Rod Randall, should have been beheaded all those years ago. Somehow, they solve the logical difficulties, and Geoffrey Anderson leaves choo-choo. <br /> <br /> Celeste now can only get worse, and her trick of crossing the Washington's bridge does not help any more.First, her hands shake as she tries to put on mascara, but she soon degenerates into a stalker.Unfortunately, she can not get rid of Geoffrey Anderson so easily. a man about Hamlet, and he intends to keep the producer on that promise. " I will not go back to Florida! ", Geoffrey argues. "You try to play Willie Loman in front of a lot of old fart eating meatloaf!" And, in fact, seeing the lifestyle of Geoffrey's dinner theater among all the hockings and accidents is hilarious. Back in Florida, in his Willie Loman gown in his bedroom, Geoffrey Anderson used to get annoyed at being called to be Mr. Loman. He was forced to crash any cockroach that crawled on the TV with a shoe and to use pliers instead of the broken analog channel changer. Now he sees himself as the hot surgeon who dates Laurie Craven, the naive newcomer of the show; so it does not go away. Beautiful Elizabeth Shue (as Laurie) completes the incredible cast that does the terrific work of those who know the stereotypes very well. But, of course, the course for true love never went well. Montana Moorehead (Cathy Moriarty) is getting impatient waiting for her star to rise, and is getting desperate for some publicity. <br /> <br /> Will her plans finally succeed? Celeste will calm your nerves, or will she kill Tawnee first? Will the producer receive Mr. Fuzzy? "You're only going to have to watch * the second half * of this extremely amiable, ferociously malicious riot. <br /> <br /> And you will really have to see to believe how the short-sighted Geoffrey reads his live phrases from TelePrompter. If you are not satisfied with the laughter and tears of the stomach, do not hesitate to ask for your money back to the video rental. Soapdish (1991) is a must-see jewel you'll need to see again and again, because it's not often that a movie can deliver so broadly with so many hilarious lines. This is very well worked humor, almost everything in writing. A tie with Blazing Saddles (1974) for the value of noisy, albeit otherwise dissimilar apoplexy. Watch and cry. A happy source for video addiction from anyone. 10 out of 10.
