There are two distinct ways to take advantage of this seminal TV program (the "godfather" of X-Files and Buffy, etc.); like a monsters show (it scared me a lot when I was a kid!), or as a well-written / acted detective / film-noir. It works on both levels. Fear may have been diluted over the years (it was done in the mid-'70s), but I was pleasantly surprised to rediscover the show (via DVD) which I really like most now, for the last several reasons. The late Darren McGavin is Karl Kolchak, an eccentric, tenacious and crumpled monster hunter who, in search of a story, always finds a supernatural angle; to the pain of the overburdened Kolchak boss, Tony Vincenzo (played with tremendous weariness of the world by the also great Simon Oakland; you can practically feel the pain of your ulcers in bloom!). The interaction between these characters is crisp and witty (much like Spock and McCoy, of STAR TREK, just more acidic!). Throughout two TV pilot films and a one-season series, Kolchack fought vampires, robots, werewolves, witches, zombies, government conspiracies, aliens and ancient legends (it seems like the complete X-Files series for nine years! In a season!). And Kolchak did it first! And as for the main songwriting title of composer Gil Melle ... well, X-Files creator Chris Carter calls the title track of Mike Snow's X-Files (very similar) and a "tribute." Both themes work well; leave it at that. And unlike many modern horror / science fiction shows, most KOLCHAK monsters are shown in shadow, and in quick cuts (effectively, and sometimes fortunately, as some of them do not withstand modern scrutiny, but some still DO) . Modern horror shows take note: less is more! One of the few flaws in the program (and it's small) is the overuse of sunny California from Chicago. GALLERY NIGHT had the same problem; inevitable for a modest, LA-based budget. And some of the supporting characters seem to fall into what are (now) seen as clichés (the effeminate reporter, Ron Updike, always used for comic relief; sweet, old lady / counseling columnist Emily). But, they all have their moments to shine (UNLIKE many supporting TV characters ever since, cliché or not!). KOLCHAK is a timeless show that serves as a model for many who have followed. And Carl Kolchak is one of the richest characters ever written for a horror TV show (the REAL parent of Agent Mulder). And as a footnote, I tried to watch a few episodes of the new "re-imagining" program. Is it a clone of X files (a copy of a copy?). And a bad one at that. Carl Kolchak is now a beautiful, distressed model in his mid-thirties (played by a boring Stuart Townsend). And giving him a partner like Scully is also a bad idea; Kolchak mine as solitary, crusader of Don Quixote! And Kolchak and Vincenzo BEGINNING? Where's the tension? The interaction? What they chose to hang the name of KOLCHAK in this fucking bullshit is a great example of how NOT to make a remake: get an adored cult series, scrape everything that is unique about it, drain it of all characters and colors (but keep the name! Need that cult cred!), and voilà! Instant re-hash! Get an 'F' in 'Re-Imaginings 101'! This new version DESERVED the ax! Keep the original short but classic. It really gets better with age.
