I have loved KOLCHAK: THE STIGHT STALKER since I saw it the night it debuted on September 13, 1974. I loved the monsters that looked scary at the time and the cool music of Gil Melle (hey, where are the guys on the soundtrack? ) And I often thought about what makes this show work for me so completely and finally concludes that the reason that endures when many others is not a simple and important element that has hardly any other scary show seems to have and who is a main character who most people can relate on an everyday level. When Carl Kolchak, of Darren McGavin, begins to discover strange situations, he reacts like most people. He finds them weird, and as he approaches the danger, he becomes frightened, even though he knows he needs to come forward to try to defeat any threat that is being shown in that episode. It is rare that he is brave enough to face a superior supernatural force. He usually traps a trap and is hiding or waiting on the wings to see if it works. At times, he seems so surprised that he has managed to defeat an enemy as we are. In one episode, he will encounter a monster in a sewer, but when he first sees it, he rushes to get out of there but is stuck so reluctantly, he must come back and defend himself. He's heroic because he's willing to do things that most of us probably would not do, but that does not mean he probably would not rather have someone else do that instead. He's a normal guy, doing a job, trying to make a buck, not a monster hunter. He only gets involved in things that involve the supernatural, that he has an interest, but he does not want to be hurt or killed more than any of us. If your plan to defeat the creature did not work, you would often see him running to save his life, which of course I would do in the situation. That's why I used to watch the climax of the shows through my fingers as a kid. Kolchak was nice and you cared if something bad happened to him. You were scared for him and the other characters as well. The producers and writers obviously knew that anyone can create a monster suit, scary music and direct a suspense scene, but it's all useless if you do not care about the characters. Darren McGavin said the reason the show only lasted for the season was because he got tired of doing a "monster of the week" show and decided not to continue. I can say that I regretted when this show was canceled when I was a child, but, as an adult, I can see why he could not continue in this formula for a long time. I still love the 20 episodes and two movies that starred McGavin as the clumsy, determined and brusque but good-hearted reporter for the INS, known as Carl Kolchak. I seriously doubt that anyone who does shows or movies really understands why I loved the show. It's not the monsters, the darkly lit sets, the scary music or the invited stars, though they're all vital ingredients. The secret to success is right there in the title - "Kolchak: The Night Stalker." Without McGavin's expensive and clumsy Carl Kolchak to cheer and care, then it's not a Night Stalker.
