This has to be, hands down, without a hat, one of the loudest comedies ever made. Beginning with the animated puff, bubbles bursting, the entrance to the Daytime Awards, the usual fake spit vomited by the stars on the red carpet, the rehearsed acceptance speech and the mischievous comments made by the co-stars and jealous producer of the actor. , under false smiles. Now that's only in the first few minutes. Then all hell breaks loose from there and only gets more frenetic and ridiculous. Ridiculous in a good way, no, make it a great way. This was the first time I have ever seen the lovely Teri Hatcher. Although I may not be a follower of Desperate Housewives, she herself is always receptive - the same goes for Lois & Clark. Not a great follower, but if I run into an episode, I watch. Robert Downey, jr., Does a great turn with David Seaton Barnes, the producer who would give the right eye to see Celeste Talbert, from Sally Field, leave the show, even if only to get with Cathy Moriarty's Montana Moorehead. <br /> <br /> Moriarty absolutely shines in this movie, just like anywhere else it appeared. Here, all she has to do is scream "I hate you, I hate you, you crawl!" or give one of her anti-Celeste co-conspirators an evil grin, and she made me roll in the hallways. Yes, Cathy Moriarty is a very talented actress and a great comedian. Sally Field walks gratefully away from the usual 70 million Tragedy of the Week movies, and everyone remembers why she's who she is today, having started a comedy without fear of anything. Her next years of drama had hidden her sense of humor, but like a caterpillar in a cocoon, the brilliant comedian she had bloomed and it was joyful to see her as hilarious as she. The thing with dramatic actors and actresses is that you see in roles so heavy and serious that you associate them with their character and you can not believe when you finally see them having fun on the screen. <br /> <br /> How lucky were the producers to land Carrie Fisher, even if only for a glorified apparition. She does not realize what presence she carries on the screen. She takes on a role that, in the hands of a minor actress, could easily have been forgotten, but she owns the character and seems to have written it herself. <br /> <br /> How lucky was Elisabeth Shue played in the middle of it all! At the time, she was not very well known. Adventures in Babysitting was kind of cute (yes, I was dragged into a nightly show for which I had to pay the full price), but she did not catch my eye - a lot. But here, she takes full advantage of her character - the niece of a star who falls in love with the former co-star and lover of the star who, of course, ends up being the mother of the niece, and the star ends up being The mother of the poor girl. <br /> <br /> I stop there - I feel like I've practically written a book about this brilliant comedy, or at least a novel. If you have seen, then reminisce. If you have not, you missed a real classic, but not really. The DVDs are made of a material that will last for at least 25 years, and this movie is timeless, so what the hell.
