Bill Crain's rarest movie, "slasher," certainly does not follow the standard stalk and slash guidelines that have become so essential to their counterparts. The bogeyman this time uses grenades and small arms, as well as an incredible variety of white weapons; - a sin that is virtually unacceptable in most parts of the post-Halloween genre. But there is still enough familiarity to prevent slash-and-slash buffs from checking the rule book, and the plot never strays too much from the path you hoped for. Just as Wally Koz's surprisingly decent 555 was apparently combined with the help of several members of his family, the Mirage appears to have been a joint production of the director's relatives. Looking through the credits, I noticed numerous 'Crains' listed in key positions while building the feature. But despite the good distribution around the world, the film failed to impress both sides of the Atlantic and has now become a ghost of the VHS market. However, this only made me appeal to myself even more and so I stretched my resources to trace a copy down? <br /> <br /> Everything happens in the middle of the dessert, which, as I'm sure, you'll agree is hardly the most exciting place. With that said, I must admit that there will certainly be no chance of any nosy John Q Laws popping up unexpectedly. Four undeniably handsome young men go out into the sand for a night of debauchery and play that always seems to bother homicidal maniacs. Chris (Jennifer McAllister) and her boyfriend Greg (Kenny Johnson) meet up with the fun hippies new age Trip (Kevin McParland) and Mary (Nicole Anton) in a makeshift dune-shaped desert camp. Greg's older brother Kyle (Todd Schaefer) and his exuberant girlfriend Bambi (Laura Albert) soon show up to join the body-counting candidates in their quest for a premature grave. Kyle used to date Chris before his younger brother took the liberty of stealing his grip ?? something that Kyle does not seem very willing to forget. Sounds like a reason for a massacre? Well, what did you expect? In a short time, an invisible someone driving a truck with dark glasses joins the meeting with a unique set of tricks up their sleeve. Will any of the children survive a sequel? <br /> <br /> I had trouble tracking down any information about this feature. I do not even know if director Bill Crain is known as William Crain? the man behind Midnight Fear and Blacula among others. Mirage certainly does not appear in his official filmography, so his guess is as good as mine. Judging by the credible work behind the camera, I have to say that I find it hard to believe that this is the debut of a man with no previous film experience. The film is elegantly photographed with excellent work by DP Michael Crain, and the director has a credible talent for building suspense when needed. R. Christopher Biggs' gore FX is creatively created and horrible, and is a compliment to the BBFC's sleepy head that inexplicably missed UNCUT with a normally strict 18-point rating. Some of the murders are in fact extremely macabre. A guy gets buried up to his neck in the sand before he comes face to face with a grenade, while another ends up literally without legs after losing a battle with a chain and a truck! There is also some dark humor that is certainly not intentional. We spend most of the film seeing only the killer's boots when he gets out of his vehicle and chases the young ones. But when it turns out hilarious resembles Keanu Reeves around Ted's Bill and Bogus Journey, I was not quite sure what to expect. Luckily Crain knows exactly how to keep things scary and the showdown is particularly grumpy when the psychopath insults Chris in a sadistic way. <br /> <br /> There are some surprisingly good performances on display from an extremely inexperienced cast. Divine Jennifer McAllister does an excellent job as heroin and B.G. Steers portrays his dementia rocker with delicacy. The casting director has wisely chosen to pick some of the most beautiful females ever slaughtered in the slasher cinema and gratefully does not come at the expense of thespian potential. The soundtrack works well to build a desolate atmosphere of isolation, which is carefully handled by a director who should have been signed and nurtured by Hollywood bigwigs. Stay tuned for the superb nightmare sequel that is truly producing horror movies at its freakiest. <br /> <br /> Mirage is a good late entry into the cycle which was a bit unfortunate to miss a boom year putting among the elite slasher. When you consider that this was done with just a seven cast and a pick up, you have to say that they did a great job. The failures are numerous, but they never diminish the credibility of the net result. Unfortunately, you are probably more likely to find liquid gold in your coffee mug than you ever found a copy. If you see this covered powder on the top shelf of your local rental company, be sure to pick it up. Recommended.
