It's hard to watch this movie without thinking about the television show it would become, especially if, like me, you like the show more. But there is much to be said about the source. <br /> <br /> Oscar Madison (Walter Matthau) is a renowned New York sports journalist living alone in an eight-room apartment, a victim of a divorce and his own family. stubbornly sloppy mindset. Enter your friend Felix Ungar (Jack Lemmon), needing a place to live after his wife kicked him out because of his stubborn, sharp mindset. The result is a train wreck and one of the most beloved film adaptations of a Neil Simon play. <br /> <br /> The first thing is the first: I love that apartment! Poker table, novice darts, photos of baseball players, empty bottles of beer and beer, even a couple of Roman columns. It's a place where men can be boys. Simon and director Gene Saks do a great job opening the theater scene, Oscar's room, moving the action into the rooms and the kitchen and increasing tension between Oscar and Felix. Neal Hefti's familiar soundtrack was heard on the TV show, but never orchestrated as comprehensively as it is here, in several different arrangements that make the on-screen action shoot whenever it is played. Manhattan's real place of work and night-time shots give the film an energy common to films recorded in that place and time ("Buddwing", "The World of Henry Orient", "Midnight Cowboy", "Manchurian Candidate", "Rosemary's Baby"). etc.) Lemmon and Matthau are very heavy compared to Tony Randall and Jack Klugman? To be fair, the film purports to be a more serious matter, dealing with the then-unusual middle-age divorce condition and the frustration inherent in not making a relationship work. Simon has more in mind than getting into Felix and Oscar in a game of "Password" or an intelligence battle with Howard Cosell. But I do not know ... <br /> <br /> Both Lemmon and Matthau were great comedians I like to watch especially in the middle of this movie, as I usually do in their separate movies, but I never understood why they were considered as a great comedy team. Here, in their most respected partnership, they appear to be performing in two different films; Lemmon in a dramatic comedy and Matthau in a farce. Matthau is great at first, enchanting us with his teddy bear behavior around the poker table, but near the end of the movie he looks a lot like Jack Torrance in "The Shining", reacting to Felix cleaning his apartment and serving food tasty to your friends in a way that totally disturbs the delicate balance of guilt. <br /> <br /> While the ending bothers me, the part that many see as the most shocking, the beginning, works just as I see it. Watching Felix stumbling trying to kill himself is not a great comedy, no, but it's a good way to get into a great comedy, leaving us with a little pain in real life before bringing in the heat and laughter. (In addition, it has great pictures of the most miserable parts of the city.) In the middle of the movie, this scene would have been a miscalculation, but it works as a way of establishing Felix's torment and a sense of acute relief when we see the Oscar and his poker friends fighting and fighting. <br /> <br /> That's where Simon's speeches are so good. They are the underlying force of the film. He gets the jokes right and real, and still makes it funny. "I do not mind you talking, Felix. You have things to say. What scares me is that I'm starting to hear." The TV show has shown how wrong it is to assume that the film is always better, in fact, the TV show has a good idea of ​​"taking over" anything, but the film creates a solid foundation and is a joy in itself. .
