Some of the best films that are categorized as "comedies" actually confuse comedy and drama. "The Graduate" and "Butch Cassidy and Sundance Kid", which were also made in the late 60's, are perfect examples. Are they comedies with dramatic tones, or dramas with a lot of humor? In many ways, "The Odd Couple" falls into this category of being comedy, but highly dramatic, with deep foundations on human nature. Much of what happens may be funny to the audience, but the characters are not laughing. <br /> <br /> Despite the rather gay TV show of the 1970s, the original "Odd Couple" is not just about a legal face and messy face who are forced to live together because of their marital status. It is really about two opposites that must face why their marriages have collapsed and how their harmful idiosyncrasies reveal themselves outside their marriage. Asperity, the characteristic of Felix Ungar (Jack Lemon perfectly converted) and mess, characteristic of Oscar Madison (Walter Matthau), are only the beginning and somewhat superficial. As the story unfolds, we find that there is much more to these men than simply cleansing versus disorder. <br /> <br /> Briefly, the story is really about Felix Ungar, who has to face an impending divorce from his wife Francis. , which we have never met, but is an important character throughout history. On the verge of suicide, Ungar goes to the only place he knows: Oscar Madison's apartment, where a group of poker friends meet once in a while. We learn that Ungar is not just a member of this "poker club," but the group knows what's going on with it and tries ineptly to help. Madison discovers that the best way to help Ungar is to let him live with him until his suicidal tendencies disappear. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately for Madison, he does not know what he's getting into. Madison is a carefree, though irresponsible carefree, which was the last cleaning of the refrigerator, probably when Herbert Hoover was still in the White House. Madison's idea of ​​serving snacks is to get moldy cheese and put them between two pieces of bread and then throw the contents of a packet of chips on the table. On the other hand, he likes to drink and women, in short, have a good time. <br /> <br /> Ungar is not just completely different, he is diametrically opposed. He is not just a crazy obsessive who has more joy in disinfecting the apartment than in meeting women, but he knows more than most women about cooking and eating well. At one point, he calls his ex-wife, not to talk about reconciliation, but to get her meatloaf recipe. Another time, Ungar would spend the rest of the evening cutting cabbage for cabbage salad. When Madison does not seem impressed, Ungar finally confesses that he was only doing this for his roommate because he can not get cabbage salad. Who is this guy? But he has another affective trait: Felix is ​​also a hypochondriac. He becomes obsessed with his health to the point of making strange noises in public places, claiming to be helping her breasts. He seems to have all the health conditions in the book. And if they did more, Felix would probably have them. Ultimately, it is overly self-absorbed. <br /> <br /> Running along the film are references to marriage. At one point, when Madison is trying to convince Ungar to move, he says, "What do you want, a wedding ring?" But little does he know that he is not the cool guy who can not handle the messy guy, but the other way around. Your friendship becomes an unseen infernal relationship. And the climax occurs when Oscar invites two lonely British sisters to a meeting with comic and tragic results. This is one of the best comedies of its kind ever written and not to be missed, with superlative performances by Walter Matthau and Jack Lemon in roles that are hard to imagine better interpreted by anyone else. It is unfortunate that the writing of this caliber is sadly absent from most of the comedies produced today.
