The original movie, The Odd Couple, has some wonderful comedic one-liners. The whole world seems to know the story of the neurotic Freak Ungar and the funny and unsympathetic Oscar Madison. This combination of incompatible roommates has created one of the most successful TV series of all time, as well as countless imitations, not as good as these. The movie Odd Couple has some wonderful jokes about Oscar's apartment and his sloppy habits. He says, "Who wants food?" One of your poker player friends asks, "What do you have?" Oscar says, "I have brown sandwiches and green sandwiches." "What's brown?" It is very new cheese or very old meat! "I also love the line about Oscar's refrigerator," It's out of order two weeks ago, I saw milk standing in there that was not even in a bottle! "There is no doubt that Walter Matthau's Oscar Madison is a joy to watch on the screen, it is almost as good as the Jack Klugman version on the TV series. The problem with the film is Felix The problem is that it makes Felix so depressing and down-trodden that he becomes more annoying than comical. Tony Randall's performance in the series brought the kind of humor, warmth and sensitivity to the character of Felix, which is missing in the portrait of Lemmon. Felix Unger, by Tony, can obviously be annoying all the time. However, in the TV series, it relates to specific situations in which the nuisance was needed in the story.Japel Felix Ungar, (note the different spelling) in the film seems to never be happy, entertaining or inter esting.The film Felix Ungar is a roommate who takes you to the wall, all the time. /> <br /> The movie still has great moments that stand the test of time, the "famous" cake of meat is one of the greatest scenes ever! One of the other great examples of Felix's "little notes" on Oscar's pillow will be remembered forever. However, there are some darker sides where Oscar goes over the top, his "crying" near the end after yelling Felix, and a scene involving Felix's Linguine dinner, (though lit by a funny line.) It seems more depressing than comical . perhaps there was not enough time to see the lighter side of these characters that made the series so memorable in the movie. The initial 20 minutes are very boring. The same problem occurs with Felix's conversation with the Pidgeon sisters. The end of the movie is predictable and also pat. There is very little care or compassion for each of them for the other. The result is that the darker side of the movie leads to a lot of depression and anger, rather than comedy, unless you're watching the big scenes described above. It seems that the monotonous personality of Jack Lemmon's Felix brings the film down, rather than enhance or embrace the comedy between the characters. <br /> <br /> It really took the TV series of the 1970s to make The Odd Couple the best it could be. The original movie is still very good. However, the TV series is much better.
