There is more to offer in The Odd Couple opening than in most of the movies. Felix Unger walks into a New York hotel. A cleaning lady says, "Good evening." "Bye," he answers back. In his bedroom, he empties his pockets, then struggles to remove the wedding ring and places the objects in an envelope addressed to his wife and children. When does the viewer finally put it together? aha, will he get out of himself? Did we watch him fight to open the window? Oh no, he's going to jump ?? The poor boy hurts the lower back. Is that all you need to know about Felix Unger? his wife left him, he is a compulsive cleaner and he is hypochondriac. And all in one scene. Is this the particular genius of Neil Simon's comedy? it's about situation and character. Are there any obvious physical jokes ?? no kicks to the groin, no cheap jokes ?? just funny characters in uncomfortable situations. And, of course, he is a master at manipulating public expectations. Coming from the Swingers' time, imagine what I thought about the scene of the meeting, when Felix begins to mourn over the end of his marriage to the girls that his roommate, Oscar, worked so hard to get into his apartment. He's blowing, right? Think again. Girls love their sensitivity, their ability to cry in front of them. They invite him back to his place since his meatloaf was burned because Oscar was not paying enough attention to him. He's like Flynn, right? Yeah, but he does not want to go with the girls because he feels vulnerable. Good stuff. And it's even bigger with a style that minimizes editing and maximizes the wonderful suite of eight-bedroom apartments. You got Jack Lemmon and the nutty Walter Matthau for Chrissakes, why screw it up? The visual style reminded me of the Breakfast at Tiffany's, in which the great effect is made from a great depth of field and the interaction between the various action plans. Particularly memorable is the scene in which Felix, running away from Oscar, closes a partition only to realize that the partition does not cover the side from where the Oscar comes. You have a real sense of the layout of the apartment and therefore the closeness in which the two divorcees live. The twist here is that these two are actually married ?? each other. Thus the observations about married life that can be ignored in a common romantic comedy are even more poignant, since they are two types.
