I do not think I really gave Walter Matthau the due as a comedy artist. He certainly was wonderful in many gay roles, but I think I always place his success in the humor and cruelty of his characters, a crude contrast to the extravagant personality of his co-star Jack Lemmon, and, I suppose, a natural. extension of his previous work in dramatic images. Seeing The Odd Couple (1968) by Gene Saks, adapted from a popular Neil Simon play, the perception suddenly clicked: Matthau is by itself absolutely hilarious! Initially drawing the public's attention as filthy, coarse and generally unattractive, his Oscar Madison can penetrate our hearts, culminating in a hilarious confession of exaggerated emotions that Matthau says in a voice not entirely his own. At the same time, while maintaining himself as a comedian, his interaction with Lemmon is, of course, perfect; in fact, the film belongs to both actors, who never failed to illuminate the screen alone, let alone together. <br /> <br /> Remembering Billy Wilder's script for 'The Apartment (1960)'. this Neil Simon comedy is built around a rather morbid premise. Compulsive janitor Felix Unger (Lemmon), who had just been ousted by his 12-year-old wife, tries to commit suicide, but he abandons the idea after he breaks his back trying to open the hotel window. Dejected, he arrives at the home of good friend Oscar (Matthau), a divorced goofy man who lives alone with a diet of chips and green sandwiches (which may contain both new cheese and very old meat!). Oscar kindly offers Felix a place to stay, but is soon crushed by his friend's spoiled personality and constant insistence on absolute cleanliness. The pair forms an unusual type of conjugal arrangement, with Felix assuming the role of the effeminate, constantly irritating wife, and Oscar as the sloppy, despicable husband who always comes home later than he should. This is a marriage that lasts only three weeks and in the end we can completely sympathize with Felix's ex-wife, who remains invisible. <br /> <br /> "The Weird Couple" is a fantastic comedy, above all because it has a lot of heart. Despite all the discussions, it is obvious that the two roommates have a lot of affection for each other, more touching when Felix tries to start a furious take, instead? perhaps inadvertently? ending up informing Oscar as he "tops" him. The pair's four poker buddies (John Fiedler, Herb Edelman, David Sheiner and Larry Haines) are also constantly bothering each other about some obscure hassle, but you can not deny that they have the best of intentions. His decision to treat Felix as if nothing had happened to him may have sounded good in theory, but perhaps being ignored was not the correct solution to Felix's dark feelings of inadequacy and inconsequence. Unlike some comedies based on popular plays, I was recently disappointed with Wilder's (1955) The Seven Year Itch, which is not limited to the same chord, and the relationship between the two leads is progressively developed through tears, laughter and much disagreement.
