I received this film from a cousin in Norway and had to convert it from Norwegian to American format with a copied video. Comparing this film (1948) with the Telemark Heroes (1965), Kampen om Tungtvannet (The Struggle for Heavy Water) launches the saboteurs themselves, playing their respective roles, although the actors were also cast to interpret the saboteurs who have Gave their lives in Norway's struggle for freedom in later campaigns. The plot is in four languages: Norwegian along with French, German and English (complete with Norwegian subtitles). <br /> <br /> Impressive during this course of history was what led to the struggle. French scientists were interested in getting about two hundred pounds of Norsk Hydro heavy water in Vemork to take back to France to do laboratory studies on its effectiveness. Simultaneously, the Nazis were also interested in obtaining heavy water to build a secret weapon. The French were concerned that the Nazis might take an early lead by invading Norway and, through secret codes, their man avoided Nazi spies on their trip to Oslo, where he received heavy water and returned unhindered. He was watched by two spies as he boarded a plane, but they did not see him leaving the other side, where he crossed the runway to another nearby plane where his cargo was waiting for him. This clever trick worked by using the plane as a decoy that the Nazis later forced in Hamburg. <br /> <br /> However, the invasion of Norway on the morning of April 9, 1940, the Nazis took over Norsk Hydro and it was up to the Norwegian subway and the British intelligence in London to take action. Professor Leif Trondstad offered the services of eleven young Norwegians; the "Swallow" and "Gunnerside" groups that would successfully sabotage heavy water production in Vemork. This was shown in detail on how they actually carried out the operation, including the ferry boat wreck after the Nazis left Norsk Hydro to carry heavy water cargo on wagons to Berlin. <br /> <br /> The quality of the film was fair, although there were many amendments in the film. I highly recommend this movie to anyone interested in the history of World War II.
