This movie is widely criticized, but is usually based on the horrible version of the movie that played on American television and was also released to death in VHS and DVD companies such as Alpha, Unicorn, etc. The film never had a release in the United States, despite being chosen by the Avco Embassy in 1973. In Spain, when there was nudity involved, the filmmakers recorded two versions, one with clothes and another without. The fully dubbed English export version was titled WEREWOLF NEVER SLEEPS and appears to have been released in home video only in Sweden in the 1980s. It can be found on Ebay and likes and comes highly recommended. My guess is that Avco cut the film to a R rated version that never happened. In 1974 it was released by Avco for the television titled FURY OF THE WOLFMAN and the dressed version was used for this TV impression. Cut to 12 years later and FURY OF THE WOLFMAN appears in home video on Charter's label. This version seems to be what Avco was going to release in 1973. It's the unveiled version, with some nudity that would never happen on TV or in a PG-type movie. There are several scenes on the Letter Ribbon that are reproduced nudity and are printed on the TV (the source of all Dud and VHS editions of the dollar). But a comparison with the totally uncut WOLFMAN NEVER SLEEPS reveals that 2 cuts are cut in this version! (spoilers in the next paragraph) The scene in which Ilona has Waldermar chained to the wall and whips him after he becomes the werewolf is incomplete. After whipping him in submission, she begins to remove her clothes and begins to make love to the werewolf !!! The werewolf responds positively to these sexual antics as well. This scene certainly ranks as one of the most unusual in the history of horror films and is a delirious delight. It's not graphic, but the implicit bestiality was too much for the US public or, more likely, for the MPAA. Ilona is desperately in love with Waldemar and could not possess it, so all her scheme to control the mind of Waldermar's wife and wrap her in a case. She wanted to destroy his marriage, and she gets it while Waldemar is in Tibet. Unfortunately he returns a werewolf, but that does not delay it a little. If she can not physically have him as a man, she loves him enough to have sex with him as a werewolf. This also helps to explain the later scene where werewolf beds fall with a woman he sees getting naked before bed as he peeks out the window. This scene is presented without nudity in the cover version and really does not make sense. In the uncut version, it seems that Ilona's affections have left the werewolf excited and in need of release, so he rapes the first woman he can after escaping. The other cut is a complete scene of Waldemar in bed with Karen and she is seen naked. A very similar room scene was cut off from the American version of WEREWOLF SHADOW as well (WEREWOLF VS THE VAMPIRE WOMAN). The movie has its problems, for sure. The director was drunk, the werewolf's bad position on some points, the atrocious dubbing in English, the inclusion of sequences from Waldemar's first film, MARK OF THE WOLFMAN, aka FRANKENSTEIN'S BLOODY TERROR, and the grotesque overuse of the movie, etc. seen in its original, uncut widescreen format (for example, WEREWOLF NEVER SLEEPS), is one of the wildest and most outrageous of the Daninsky werewolf series, with an unsurpassed plot in everything but the approach to the kitchen sink. The cut / clothed pan and the full-screen copies of this movie do not favor, and unfortunately this is the version that almost everyone commenting on the movie saw. The movie bears a 1970 copyright, and I bet the 1972 release date on IMDb is incorrect. The film precedes WEREWOLF SHADOW (also known as WEREWOLF VS THE VAMPIRE WOMAN) in the series and was certainly released before WEREWOLF SHADOW. The end of WEREWOLF NEVER SLEEPS / FURY OF WOLFMAN fits directly into the opening of WEREWOLF SHADOW, providing concrete evidence of this. Unfortunately, a full version of this may never have a decent release. A perfect release would be the English version without cuts, but in Spanish with English subtitles. Dubbing in English really hurts the movie. But any Spanish version would reflect the cover version, as shown in Spain during the Franco era, where nudity was verboten.
