This movie is full of horror movie giveaways: chained lunatics, premeditated murder, a mad scientist (vaguely lesbian) with an even crazier father who wears a mask because of his horrible disfigurement, poisoning, scary castles, werewolves ( men and women), adultery, murdered lovers, Tibetan mystics, half-man / half-plant victim of some nameless experiment, grave robbery, mind control, walled bodies, a car accident on a lonely road, electrocution, armor the batch, all culminated with an incredibly awful score and some of Foley's worst works ever done. <br /> <br /> The script is incomprehensible (even by the standards of Spanish horror films mistakenly dubbed) and some of the issues are just bizarre. In a scene in which the main female scientist is barely going to visit our heroine in her room by one of the more dubbed: "This is fantastic.I do not understand.Explain me again how this is ..." exposure scenes that there's a sudden withdrawal of the girl's thighs as she leaves the bed for no apparent reason, except to cover a cut in the "bad scientist" "Mwahaha! All your werewolves belong to mine!" speech. But why they bothered, I do not know, because there are many other abrupt cuts across the corners - even allowing the pot and the atrocious reading of the impression I saw. <br /> <br /> The director was, according to an interview with the star, drunk for most of the filming and the film looks like. It's an incoherent mess. It became even more incoherent to include footage of werewolves from a different film, The Mark of the Werewolf (made 4 years earlier, featuring the same actor but playing the role more aggressively and with a different shirt and make-up) there a word in Spanish for "Continuity"?) and more quilting of another actor in the wolfman approaching in nonsense. <br /> <br /> The music is incredibly bad varying almost at random from the orchestral house full of shivering. music, to bosannova, to the longer duet of piano and gong already recorded. (Thinking about it, it may not have been a duet.) It could have been a solo.The part of the piano was so simple that it could have been chosen with one hand while the player struck the gong with the other. This is one of the most bewildering trance states that induce bad movies of the year so far for me. Enjoy. Favorite line: "Ilona, ​​this madness and wickedness will turn against you!" As true. <br /> <br /> Favorite shot: The lover, discovering his dead girlfriend, dropping the candle in a show of surprise. Amateur rank driving there.
