A rampant farce in the world of glamorous diaries! This movie is hilarious! Of course, you have to have a taste for screaming movies, hysterical dialogues, exaggerated acting and melodramatic twists. But if you do, you will be delighted. <br /> <br /> Sally Field plays Celeste Talbert, the TV Queen of Misery during the day. Celeste's comfy life is transformed into a twist with the unexpected arrival of her long-lost niece Lori Craven (Elisabeth Shue), and simultaneously Jeffrey Anderson (Kevin Kline - splendid as ever), Celeste's long-time lover. But Celeste has hidden a deep and somber secret, and the arrival of Lori and Jeffrey may just bring it to the surface. Join the devilish Montana Moorehead (a wonderful Cathy Moriarty, in full "gorgeous woman with testosterone to spare"), who is struggling to destroy Celeste's career; David (Robert Downey, Jr.), the boyen soap producer who is secretly conspiring with Montana to ruin Celeste; and Rose Schwarz (Whoopi Goldberg), screenwriter and Celeste's only true confidant, and you're about to receive a lot of subplots and general chaos. <br /> <br /> Chaotic comedies like these are hard to perform (does anyone remember? 'mixed nuts'?), but when done right, it can be very funny! An important ingredient that is required for any good comedy is the cast of seasoned professionals who know that often the funniest things are not said but seen in an expression or appearance. Field, Kline, Goldberg and the others work together so well and are clearly having a great time that it is difficult not to be influenced by their energy and enthusiasm. Shue is clearly the weakest link here, but it only draws attention to itself because it is surrounded by Field, Kline, et al. Moriarty is a highlight in the role of villain, making you think of the most damn dominatrix you've ever seen !! There are also many familiar faces you'll recognize in small (but, nevertheless, very funny) roles, including Carrie Fisher, Garry Marshall, Kathy Najimy and Teri Hatcher. Director Michael Hoffman keeps up the fast pace and the storytelling plot approaching the grand finale. One should also mention the Robert Harling script, carefully constructed to stage a novel in a novel. The dialogue is boiling with great lines, presented brilliantly by the actors (I would be willing to bet that many of these things were improvised). <br /> <br /> Look, if you want to see a lot of pros doing what they do best and having fun doing it, get your hands on this. If it's not for something else, you'll be in a good mood and make you laugh!
