It seems a bit strange to call a shocking war and holocaust film because many of us will know very well the horrors that war and violence bring. By using the adjective 'shocking', I do not intend to suggest that I am surprised at the things told in this movie or that I was previously not aware of them, it is just that I am very impressed with the way this movie shows how crazy and incomprehensibly horrible is to kill each other, whether with or without a "reason". <br /> <br /> The first part of the film focuses on Hanna's successful participation in the Hungarian resistance. Maruschka Detmers would never have won an Oscar for this performance due to inconsistent direction, but still her acting is solid enough and she has a tremendous charisma. She is cast very well as Hanna and immediately has our sympathy. Her very handsome appearance helps, of course, but it has nothing to do with her being simply a good actress, playing an important role. <br /> <br /> Certain inconsistencies continue to occur in the Hanna War. Sometimes I get the idea that director Menahem Golan (often scorned for the murder of Gianni Versace) was in a hurry and should have allowed a few more takes per scene. On the other hand, I'm really thankful that he made this movie so impressive and thought-provoking, and as I'm very optimistic about it, I think he did a good job. <br /> <br /> The second half of the movie is the most interesting and tragic. He focuses on Hanna's suffering (beware of Donald Pleasence's scary portrayal of the cruel and sarcastic Captain Rosza) and shows intensely the injustice and horror that comes with hatred, violence and war. I get Hanna's War, especially in the second half, as a strong anti-war film and that's why Golan deserves credit. It is also in this second half in which comes the talent of Maruschka Detmer, creating a character that enters the history of cinema as one of the most talked about, strong and tragic ever portrayed. It's also great to see Ellen Burstyn, whose appearance and style always reminds me of Romy Schneider, who - she was alive and cast - would have made an effective contribution similar to Hanna's War. The tragic impact of the second half and the desperate tension that is sometimes replaced by hopeful prospects and good news lead to a series of final scenes that show something so unexpected, so moving and poetic in its tragedy that hit me like a bomb and left me in tears. And when I realized once again that it was not fiction, everything really happened, I found even more tears. The image of Hanna portrayed by Maruschka Detmers will be in my mind forever.
