Someday someone will write an essay comparing Paul Naschy's "Fury of Wolfman" to the great Spanish surrealist films "L'age D'or" and "Un Chien Andelou." Naschy's film is a masterpiece of delirium from start to finish. Dali and Bunuel probably loved it, and ate their hearts watching someone do so with apparent ease what they had to break their brains to withdraw. <br /> <br /> The film has no cohesive structure even if it has a plot. which moves from A to B to C. Some confusion about a "Professor Walterman" - his first name, you note - who was bitten by a Yeti monster during an expedition to Tibet and has not been the same ever since, which is understandable . One of his envious colleagues, the insane daughter of the renowned dr. Wolfstein, knows his condition and reveals that his wife was cheating on him. But it is a setting for a distorted scientific experiment to release its inner beast. "Walterman" turns, turns into a werewolf, kills some people, is electrocuted, dies, is buried, dug up, taken to a castle full of circus freaks, linked to several machines, full of various electronic effects, injected with potent elixirs, is chained, turns into werewolf, a woman in an evening dress with Nazi fetish boots at the height of the whip. escapes, helps the beautiful doctor out of the castle, takes the beasts out of the circus with a battle ax, ends up becoming a werewolf and must fight to the death against the female werewolf incarnation of his traitorous wife. The lady in the Nazi boots throws him with silver bullets from his Luger pistol, they die together, and the handsome doctor leaves in the morning with the scholarly reporter who did nothing. "Look, what a beautiful day it is!" <br /> <br /> "The wrath of the Werewolf" was written by Paul Naschy hastily. The original director, Enrique Eguilez, was fired and replaced by José María Zabalza, a drunk who was stunned throughout the production. He was often unable to work (although he found time to instruct his 14-year-old nephew to make some changes to the screenplay) and Naschy eventually directed much of the film without credits. Zabalza has recovered enough to record some action scenes from one of Naschy's previous films, "Mark of the Wolfman." The scenes were happy enough to use twice, even if the clothes were different, and helped to delay the execution time after Zabalza refused to get out of bed to finish the film. Post-production was a nightmare. No one knew who was doing the editing, the money was gone, the main impression disappeared for a while, and then in a pre-release to a movie distributor, the executive arrived to find Zabalza urinating in the gutter in front of the theater. He was too drunk to find the bathroom, but at least he got to the curb. <br /> <br /> But somehow, the movie works, if you let it. It is the key to these atavistic memories that we have about dark castles, vaulted catacombs, chains, whips, dark swamps. Fans of this sort of thing will find it hypnotically watchable even if the story as a whole does not make much sense because of the fractured discontinuity of execution. In one scene, its torrential rain and the werewolf howl in the lightning; on the next shot his bone dry and he is howling at the full moon. So it's raining again. And yet you do not see it as a gaffe. It is like a dream unfolded in which contradictions are possible, opposites are the same and effects come from causes; First the werewolf picks up the power cord and shouts, and then the cable starts to light up with electricity. People say that their low budget undermines overall effectiveness - I say the film would have been unacceptable if it had an extra penny to spare. It is a wonder to do something out of nothing and is not successful because of what you might have done, but because of what you do. It's easy to laugh about things like that and even easier to dismiss. The trick is to be able to see through chaos, or rather, consider chaos as part of the effect. <br /> <br /> Paul Naschy died last week, at age 75. He was suffering from pancreatic cancer for a year or more, was working on film projects until his last days but died in Madrid, Spain, with his family while receiving chemotherapy treatment. His rich, varied and surprisingly long career is a legacy for a man stubbornly pursuing his artistic vision in the face of universal dominating disinterest. And yet in all of us there is an eleven-year-old boy who will watch his films as "Werewolf Fury" in dazzling admiration. Even people who do not like the Euro Horror will discover something in this movie to marvel, even if it's only for a minute in some places. You can find it for free on Archive.Org or even buy it on a DVD for a nickel. Worth much, much more. <br /> <br /> Oddly enough, Naschy was horrified to learn that many others like me consider this little distorted, sickly and demented film as a classic if not definitive masterpiece of Cinema Dementia. The problems he encountered during the production and the mess of a movie that remained were perhaps a very personal artistic disappointment for Naschy to forgive. I would never dare to forgive him for it, but I will say the following: I prefer to watch "Fury of the Wolfman" in his impression of public domain more somber, more cut and degraded than ever, despite the arrogant and detestable crap. shaking the cineplexes of the Swine Flu in this or any other weekend. <br /> <br /> The world has lost a great artist this month. Watch your movies and remember. <br /> <br /> 9/10
