I saw this when it debuted and just re-watched it at the IFC again. This is a great account of the many possible stories about the immigrant population of ranchers who came to Hawaii to work on the sugar plantations in the early 1900s. My grandparents were part of that migration; my parents were born on a Kohala (Big Island) plantation at the time of the film's setting. I moved to the Big Island more than a year ago, after living in California for over 30 years. I was surprised to see that many of the old sugar cane fields are still undeveloped, with wild cane still growing, years after the plantations were closed. I have heard many stories of my aunts and uncles who were children growing up on the plantation. This movie helps to imagine these kinds of stories and memories. This story is more of a historical document than a romantic movie based on plot. It leaves me shaking my head to read a comment like that of the movie clerk. Some people just do not understand. <br /> <br /> I do not remember that Youki Kudoh had the lead role, with which she did an incredible job. I remember his great performances in Jim Jarmusch's "Mystery Train," and an Australian film, co-starring Russell Crowe, "Heaven's Burning." Tamlyn Tomita did a great job with her English, especially for someone who did not grow up on the Islands. I had forgotten that Toshiro Mifune had a special guest as the narrator of the movie. And I missed the fact that Jason Scott Lee had an unspoken part and no credits as one of the plantation workers during the payday scene. I was sad to find that the director and co-writer, Kayo Hatta, died in an accidental accident in 2005. There are two other excellent foreign films that reflect this experience of sugarcane plantation: "Gaijin" about the immigrant workers of cane in Brazil (many of them Japanese) in the same period of time; and "Sugar Cane Alley" on the experience of sugarcane plantations in Africa. The latter is still available, but "Gaijin" unfortunately does not seem to have been shown in a long time. Another great movie about the early Asia in America, when immigrants were more like slaves, was "Thousand Gold Pieces." This was with the involvement of Chinese workers in the construction of the railway, starring Rosalind Chao, Chris Cooper, Michael Paul Chan and Dennis Dun.
