This is undoubtedly the best filmmaker that Haim Bouzaglo has done so far. A skilled TV director, well trained in storytelling and directing his actors through long epics, he tried to capture in this very low-budget film the essence of the very special psychological situation that the Israelis live, albeit under the permanent danger of terror. attacks, resulting in 'distorted' lives. Each character tries to live his own life, to observe and control the other, being himself guarded and controlled by other characters and mainly by the continuous pressure, by political and historical forces well beyond his control. Some call this a destination, but fate has a very concrete representation in this film. <br /> <br /> There is no explicit political dictum in 'Distortion'. Characters never discuss politics, nor at the level of saying "bastards!" when they hear that a new terrorist attack happens. His reaction to events is to locate the attack and count the victims using the official terminology and the media for the dead and wounded. They do not really live, but survive on borrowed time, happy to have survived one bomb and hoped the next one happened. Personal, social, and professional life seems to work in some way, but it is deeply flawed and influenced by events. The principal character played by the director is a playwright, whose personal and creative midlife crisis is amplified by the pressure of events and the fact that he is fortunate enough to leave a terrorist attack site minutes before the bomb explodes. He hires a private detective to accompany his girlfriend, who is a TV investigative reporter who he suspects is participating in the next program - another bankrupt man, ex-servicemen whose family and business life disintegrates under the events. He begins writing a play that copies reality and brings it to the stage, in the theater, in the movie scene, reminiscent of Hamlet, as well as "Sinecdoque, New York." Not that I would dare to suspect Charlie Kaufman looking over Bouzaglo's shoulder, he certainly does not need it, but the Israeli director's screen is brilliant at anticipating the later film (and the first directed by Kaufman). As in American cinema, the actors interpret real people and begin to interact with them in a mixture of reality, encounter and reality that never lack logic, at least not artistic logic. <br /> <br /> Bouzaglo directs his actors with the usual talent, trusts them and allows them the freedom to live through situations, instead of acting them. His style is much freer here than in his TV series, and the "distortion" effects, although borrowed from American horror movies, work very well all over the world. The ending seemed a bit rhetorical and unsatisfactory, but the shadow of the suicidal killer that haunts the movie and the whole situation in a temporal loop will also follow the viewer by remembering this movie later.
