I read with great interest the only comment available made before mine on this film and I would like to say that I understand the point of view of the previous user who commented very well on this film: From an Israeli perspective, I can well imagine that this film addresses issues very sensitive and that the smallest detail can be of great importance to a viewer who is more or less directly concerned with the events described in this film. What I would like to say is that 'Distortion' was shown at a film festival in Geneva in November 2005 ('Cinéma tout écran' Festival) where it won the audience award ('Prix du public'in French). As far as I'm concerned, I liked Mr. Bouzaglo's "nervous camera" work, which in my view accurately portrayed an atmosphere of extreme tension and discomfort in the film, and I think most Swiss viewers enjoyed it in the film. movie. This perspective, however, may seem totally "alien" to an Israeli viewer, but not so surprising when it comes to Swiss viewers, because Switzerland is a country that has NEVER been subjected to any terrorist attack. So it is not surprising that the Geneva audience judged this film from a much more "distant" perspective. I would also like to mention what Mr. Bouzaglo said when interviewed by a Geneva newspaper: "After 50 years of living here and after going through all this violence, we can ask ourselves if it is still possible to remain normal. Sometimes we think it would be easier to commit suicide than to continue living. We are like the characters in my movie, "by the edge." This is the reason why the private detective who is somehow "voyeur" is the happiest character in the film because he earns his living thanks to the system, he takes advantage of this situation. "That is, in substance, the A the main thing that I and the public swiss, in my opinion, pointed out in this movie, and that we did not pay attention to some inconsistencies with the characters in the movie that the previous reviewer pointed out with great precision and humor. different, but I think this is somehow great, because it reassures me for what affects the future of cinema, that is, that will never be subject to a 'singular' of 'cinema' formatted 'way of thinking.
