Distortion is a disturbing and astonishing film about life imitating art and art reflecting life. Haim Bouzaglo, the director of the film, plays the role of Haim Bouzaglo, an artistically blocked and sexually impotent playwright, who finds inspiration in his suspicions about the subject of his girlfriend's documentary. While an Arab suicide bomber, disguised as a cap and American T-shirt, wanders the landscape in search of his target and his nerves, Haim transcribes his girlfriend's life while filming his documentary and incorporates the lives of his actors during rehearsals. But the bomber has already attacked and Haim left the restaurant a few minutes earlier. Despite the manipulation of time and space, the story is crystal clear, comprehensive and absorbing, a brilliant commentary on the "distortion" of Israel's everyday life, where the politician is intertwined with people, where everyone lives "on the edge" and people never know if they are playing leadership roles in their own lives or are merely expendable players in another person's dramatic narrative. <br /> <br /> Bouzaglo jokes about this notion that all are actors in producing someone else brilliantly. We are always voyeurs, seeing what the fictional director sees illicitly, but also what the "real" director chooses to reveal. To remind us that these glimpses are privacy violations, Bouzaglo takes us to the bathroom and bedroom (sometimes the bedroom is the street and the roof), and repeatedly frames his vision into TV, video or security screens. The actors play the role of actors who represent the "real" characters played by the actors. It is clear that each of the actors is the star of his own production, only vaguely aware of his diminished roles in the personal films of his fellow actors. The detective hired by the playwright becomes a character in the play. The actor hired to play the role of the detective seeks the detective for "tips" on how to play the role, is caught by the detective on surveillance tapes, and they participate in a casting party as their real selves. In spite of this multiplicity of points of view, there is no mistaking the clear lines of this narrative: the playwright looks for a subject, the bomber seeks a target and the detective pursues the filmmaker. Nor is there any difficulty in locating the final target of Bouzaglo - Israel weakened and powerless, fully aware of the menacing danger but incapable of meaningful action. Israel is Bouzaglo, the impotent fictional playwright cannibalizing his own life for his play. Israel is also the bankrupt soldier-businessman who is the subject of the filmmaker's documentary, the traitorous actors and actresses and the betrayed husband. They are all Israel because they are all helpless, imprisoned in inaction or aimless actions, while the bomber examines the landscape in search of its best target. All characters can do as another bombardment is reported is having sex and keeping "punctuation" of victims. <br /> <br /> There is personal triumph, vindictiveness, perhaps revenge at the end of this game within a story within a movie, but viewers will be aching for the state of Israel, even when they are filled with admiration for the memorable performance of Bouzaglo of the suffering of a nation by telling the story of an individual.
