Great suspense. I was expecting some kind of silly horror movie, but what I got was a short, tight thriller that wasted nothing of our time. Most of these movies have to get into the stories of the back characters so we can feel sympathy for them or hatred when people start being killed. Such foolishness here. Yes, you see some characters, but they really only interact with the main characters. Such as the husband's wife at the motel whose room was canceled. We saw them so we could simply how efficient the character of Lisa was and how inefficient the new Hotel employee was. We see the little girl simply because she will play a very small but important role later in the movie when it all happens. The Flying Shareholders because we need, in particular, to move the ground forward. The villain in particular needs her at the beginning of the flight. The rude guy at the airport was also important to the movie. The only 2 characters that were only 5 unused liners for the plot were the two young men on the plane. That was clever because I thought they would have something to do with the plot. From the first scene to the last female character, a young hotel executive named Lisa is in charge. Even when Jackson shows her true colors, she does not panic. She thinks about what she can do to delay the time. Any other movie, smart executive women would be acting like idiots. But not the one here. It was a very short movie and I was expecting the usual plot devices to kick in because the movie seemed to be coming to its quick conclusion. Gratefully, none of them were used. The new hotel clerk did not make the usual call and told her what to do, what a panic to drop the phone and run out of the hotel without saying anything, or question her boss and tell her that she had plenty to drink and just fire her. Craven should do more of these types of movies. Also a last comment. Brian Cox is in the movie, but I had no idea who he was. I had to come here to see that he is Lisa's father. He is completely unrecognizable.
