Scream was Wes Craven's last decent thriller. Since then, there has been nothing but an unbearable track of Hollywood trash, barely enough for a night of great success, including the disappointment of the movie sequences. Perhaps the genius and skill of the film drained all his energy and creativity, so when it was time for dinner he had nothing to do but his own doo-doo. Finally, after who knows how many bad movies later, he gives us a delightful, ruthless, chilling and creepy suspense with the Red Eye. Rachel McAdams once again performs nicely while playing a hotel manager . who has unfortunate liaison with an important and regular political figure in his hotel. Then she meets Jackson Ripner (Cillian Murphy, Batman Beyond) at the airport, who she gets to know a little better after a late flight and a breeze from the bay. What she does not know is that he already knows her. And he also knows her father, who she will never see if she fails to cooperate and meet Jackson's demands - to use her contacts to set up her hotel regularly for murder. <br /> <br /> You're probably thinking about it. it is nothing more than your daily suspense complete with predictability and chase scenes. Although this is a good old-fashioned thriller, that's the beauty of it. No special effects. No cheap makeup. Just classic thriller. You feel the despair and regret with all the decisions that McAdams is forced to make and you really care about her as you animate her in every move she makes to find an escape from her claustrophobic position. <br /> <br /> As always, she delivers a fun and convincing performance. It's her sweet face or the mysterious ability to cry sincerely, but you always seem to sympathize with her if her role demands it. Cillian Murphy, on the other hand, is naturally scary, so even if the trailer has not revealed it, his final transition from a charming stranger to a ruthless idiot is not so surprising. Maybe it was more agitated to see a cool guy like Toby Maguire turning into a ruthless, ruthless madman. However, Cillian Murphy, after his true identity is established, played the role so solidly that you really want him to die, or at least be kicked. <br /> <br /> Do not neglect this feature. There are many screaming moments on the chalkboard and heart jumpers who will keep their eyes on the screen instead of the clock, as you would in Craven's recent photos. If it is not for you, do it for every time you see your girlfriend or boyfriend, or someone with popcorn jumping and clinging to you. Wes finally gets it right. In addition to her trademark mastery of suspense, Red Eye is not without her mood while McAdams' substitute at the front desk fumbles to keep the hotel in order. It was a relief that Red Eye was not a disappointment. Instead, you'll be pleased to see McAdams perform another incredibly talented performance, Murphy looking scary every minute, and Craven will create a classic, classic thriller. A delayed flight that would have been the beginning of the rebirth of Craven if it had arrived soon after Scream.
