The Red Eye begins in Texas, where hotel receptionist Lisa Reisert (Rachel McAdams) is about to take the last "red-eye" flight back to Miami, where she lives and works. While waiting for her plane Lisa finds the handsome and handsome Jackson Rippner (Cillian Murphy) and they both seem to get along, so when they board the plane they discover that by coincidence they are sitting side by side. When the plane takes off and they are in the air, Jackson reveals who he really is and that his seemingly casual encounter was not a coincidence, Jackson says he is working for someone who wants to murder Homeland Security Secretary Charles Keefe (Jack Scalia) And they need her to move their rooms to the hotel where she works in Miami. Jackson tells Lisa to call the hotel and make it happen or his father will be killed ... Directed by Wes Craven, who is perhaps best known for his horror films such as The Last House on the Left (1972), The Nightmare on Elm Street (1984), The Serpent and the Rainbow (1989), The People Under the Stairs (1991), and The Scream trilogy of teenage slashers, a little quick thriller like Red Eye looks like a a great departure from the kind of film that Craven usually does. Carl Ellsworth's script is an amazingly thrilling thriller that I must admit I really enjoyed, with only 85 odd minutes of duration, it's a very fast, economical and straightforward type of film that focuses almost entirely on a movie Plot instead of go in multiple directions with lots of subframes. Some may like this approach as I did while others may not, but I think the draws for much more action since it comes thick and fast without the movie slowing down any and giving you the chance to relax. I really liked the plot for Red Eye, sure a movie like that will always have one or two questionable moments in terms of conspiracy, but hell, it's a movie meant to entertain and that's what happened to me. I really liked the two central characters, Lisa seems very friendly, while Jackson Rippner (an obvious game about the name of the famous serial killer Victor Jack the Ripper) is a properly viscous villain with a cold. "I'm just doing my job." 'type mentality. Another plus point is that I did not think anyone would be overly dumb here, they all really looked like humans and the films unfold in a relatively plausible way. I really liked that and it's one of Craven's best recent films. <br /> <br /> Craven turns into a good solid tight, tight, taught and fast thriller with a compelling cast, some good action and an exciting plot. He certainly does not stay around and once he gets the action and tension, he never gives up, the most effective part of the movie is when Rippner is keeping Lisa as a hostage on the plane and since the movie changes to Miami's parents and Lisa's house becomes a little more routine, but it's still good. A special mention goes to Rachel McAdams, who is absolutely gorgeous in this, I could probably watch Red Eye again just because she is in it and seems to fall dead gorgeous. Those who see the name of Wes Craven, linked to the Red Eye, hoping for a horror movie, should think again, since there is no horror in it (despite the IMDb advertisement, 'Horror' as the genre of Red Eye) . Not sure about the ending, on the one hand it was nice to see the villain alive for a change that goes against the traditional expectation, but it could have been more satisfying to see Lisa kill him somehow. <br /> <br /> DreamWorks apparently gave Red Eye an initial budget of $ 44,000,000 but reduced it to $ 25,000,000, although it's still a very well done film with brilliant production values. Actually filmed in Los Angeles and Florida, California. The film was allegedly written with husband and wife Sean Penn and Robin Wright Penn for the protagonists, but eventually the manufacturers opted for younger leads. As I've already said, Rachel McAdams is eye candy and she's a total baby in it and it pays to watch the movie on her own. Oh, and she does a decent performance, too. The Red Eye is a very tense and tense thriller that I enjoyed immensely, I do not think I would like it as much as I am happy to have decided to watch. This definitely gets a recommendation from me and Rachel McAdams really is hot thing in this ...
