On a night flight from Los Angeles to Miami, Lisa Reisert (Rachel McAdams) meets a charming man who turns out to be a killer who demands his help to kill a businessman or else his own father will die. <br /> <br /> Red Eye is a fantastic suspense that keeps the audience on the edge of their seats. The premise is similar to Cellular and Phone Booth, but the Red Eye is better than the two movies. Almost everything about Red Eye is above average, including suspense, acting and direction. Most of the movie happens on an airplane, but that does not delay the movie. The film is very fast and exciting, with no slow or boring spots. Wes Craven does a great job behind the cameras. Instead of focusing on the emotions, he focuses on the story and the characters. The movie has its share of thrilling moments, but that's not what the movie really is. I also like the way Wes Craven focuses on the other passengers and the little details that become important later on. Red Eye really shows off your skills in narrative. <br /> <br /> The Red Eye also works well because of its young and talented cast. Rachel McAdams gives a very engaging performance and her character is hard to hate. You may even end up rooting for her out loud. Cillian Murphy gives a very scary and effective performance as the villain. The way he acts charming at first but then becomes psychotic is especially impressive. The supporting actors are also very good, like Brain Cox and Jayma Mays. <br /> <br /> The film is also very stylish and has a scary vibe. The scenario works well as there is an obvious fear of isolation and there is no escape. Overall, the film's tone is consistently scary. The script is not as strong as all the rest. There are some unreal moments that can distract the viewer. Most of them did not bother me, but there were few who left me shaking my head. Also, the ending is disappointing. It's not a bad ending, just a very simple one, and a different approach would have been better. As the film focuses on the characters, there are really screaming moments, maybe just a few jumps. If you expect a horror movie, you will end up disappointed. In the end, Red Eye is an engaging thriller and is one of the best films of the summer. Overall Rating
