I think I like this show, but the format needs some work. First, the good attributes. I like how this show will take us through the day to day of an addict, because the producers have a way to make the addict show us how much they allowed their lives to turn out to be bad. This is followed by an intervention that is followed by a result. Intervention does not cover things and sometimes the result (often in the short term due to the time constraints between filming and airing) is a negative result. This makes the positive results even better. <br /> <br /> Another thing I like about the program is the quality of the camera's work. Given the reality that these cameramen have to press anywhere and do not have the benefit of shooting scenes, the photograph is surprisingly good and stable. In fact, it is superior to programs like "The Shield" where photography is so bad it can induce nausea. <br /> <br /> Now, for evil. An episode sometimes contains two completely different and unrelated cases that will be mixed during the show. You will be caught in the story of an addict and suddenly you are thrown into the story of another. Get caught up in this story, then suddenly you're back to the first addict ... or are you? By now you may have forgotten in which case the individual currently on the screen belongs. This constant imbalance among addicts really becomes disturbing during the intervention scenes because the program will even mix the two completely unrelated interventions! I once heard the B.S. marketing reason for this poor project: "The show can get so intense that switching to another addict allows the viewer time to absorb what they are watching." Oh, please. Clearly the reason for this is because they have two cases that are not big enough for a one hour show, so they mix two together. By mixing them, instead of giving each block half an hour, as it should, it forces the viewer to watch the whole thing (and the commercials) if they are interested in one case, but not in the other. <br /> <br /> I used to find these episodes of "blenders" so annoying that I just told my TiVo to record episodes containing an addict, but then it became easier to record them all.
