'Intervention' helped me with my own addictions and recovery. I am a married middle-aged father and father of two. I am quite functional in my personal and professional life. Still, I have pains from the past that use vices to calm down and problems from which I am slowly recovering. When these addicts and their families share their lives with me, they help me to improve my life and my relationship with my family. <br /> <br /> The program, unlike many others, digs into the addict's past and reveals events that are likely to have caused his addiction. Many of us suffer because it is too frightening to go back and do, as Alice Miller says, "the discovery and emotional acceptance of truth in the unique and individual history of our childhood." The show deserves a lot of credit to at least start this process. This dig is painful and difficult, but it's worth it. So much coverage of addiction - fictional and non-fictional - seems to ignore the underlying issues. Often it is assumed that the addict only one day started shooting or whatever for fun or pleasure or self-interest, and now they can not stop. It is not so: addictions are about killing the pain. I can relate to the different events and difficulties in people's lives. There are common themes and surprising exceptions. Many addicts have suffered miserable abuse. Some children simply respond poorly to divorce. For those who think that addiction is an overreaction to a difficulty, I would just say that different people respond differently. Although some children cope well with divorce, others, like Cristy on the show, "crumble to the ground" and have their lives changed forever by the event. <br /> <br /> For example, the advisor last night said that young Andrea looks for validation of men. She takes money from a 75-year-old neighbor and lets men abuse her. Sound familiar to anyone? The series is filled with information that we can use to understand our own motives and make adjustments in our lives. Often those of us with minor problems who suffer the most time. As they say, even a timer is right twice a day, but a slow clock can go unnoticed for a long time, until your life becomes miserable. <br /> <br /> To the producers: Thank you for taking the test. show, to dig in the past, for the follow-ups. In addition, the graphics, format and thematic music are brilliant. <br /> <br /> For addicts: thank you for your courage to share. Whether you helped or not, you helped me.
