Ireland's first animated film is also one of the best animated films I've ever seen. It's a real warts and the whole story that is unlike any of the other Oscar nominees and any other movie this year or any other year. The plot of the movie has the abbot of Kells, a village in Ireland building a wall around its town to prevent the Vikings from destroying the city if they attacked. His nephew, Brendon, is a young monk who does the best he can, but finds his uncle's wrath doing things in his own time. When a legendary illuminator Aidan arrives from a destroyed monastery, Brendon turns to him and his warm personality. Much to his uncle's dismay, Aiden offers to teach Brendon to enlighten. To help Aidan work on his great book, save from his destroyed monastery, Brendan goes out into the woods to pick up paint. While outside the walls he meets Ashley, a forest spirit with whom he develops a friendship. Unfortunately the abbot discovers that he has gone off the wall and there is hell to pay. But on the prowl are the Vikings ... <br /> <br /> Forget what you think you know about this movie that is wrong. Even what I've explained does not do the movie justice. It's a simple story with a lot more going on. This is a wonderful movie about trying to find your way in the world, on the nearby demons and find the beauty of the world outside the walls. (As the movie says the world is a dangerous place and it never stops being even if you build walls). <br /> <br /> It's a movie that treats your audience as adults and deals with all of life, including the Darkness. There is death and destruction and joy and happiness. It is not coated with sugar. People die. Monsters are hiding. (scared some kids), but in the end there is hope. Frankly the darkness in this movie is completely unlike any recent American movie. Forget the "sadness" in a Pixar movie, that's the real thing, and it's refreshing and shows how homogenized even Pixar has become. <br /> <br /> It is an animated film by Genndy Tartakovsky-esquire (Samurai Jack) which is The Look is actually based on the Celtic art of the period. It's a film that looks different from any other. Here again, there is another film that takes the frame from the film and uses it in every possible way. Images are designed to fill the available space as much as possible. Often the film manipulates things to make it look like a page in the legendary Book of Kells. Her incredibly beautiful beauty and best described as art come to life. <br /> <br /> Director Tomm Moore has created a film that is a masterpiece. I can not say more than that. It's a masterpiece. It's one of the best animated films I've ever seen.
