While watching this movie I was frustrated and distracted and in the end I wanted to give the movie a solid 4 or 5. I thought the animation was random and all over the place and there was a lot going on. Even my owner could not keep up. It felt like a mild acid journey. Everything seemed flat, there was no dimension to anything. There were so many shapes, lines and patterns. I really wanted to stop the movie in the middle of the road and break my burned copy of the movie. But after I finished watching it, I went online to read the movie and I should have done a little research on this movie before watching. <br /> <br /> The Secret of Kells is loosely based on the true story about the original book of Kells. A small boy, Brendan, is given the task of writing new pages in what is set to be the greatest book ever written. This book will contain information that will help "turn darkness into light." Brendan lives in the village of Kells behind huge stone walls. Having occurred in the eighth century, Brendan's uncle, the abbot of Kells, is trying to build the wall to keep the Vikings out. Brendan's uncle insists that he help complete the wall, but a traveler and guardian of the "book" secretly trains Brendan to hone his illustration skills, and convinces him to complete "the book" and execute his word. <br /> <br /> All the time I watched the movie I thought I was missing something because I really did not understand what was happening. I realized I was missing just one piece of Irish history. A simple Google search taught me everything I needed to know about the original Kells book. After reading many articles, my opinion on the film has changed a lot. The Book of Kells is a copied version of the first New Testament books transcribed into Latin by Gaelic monks in Ireland in the eighth century. . Along with his paleographic and insular writing, the book is also beautifully illustrated in island art, a type of ancient art known for its complexity, complexity and miniature illustrations. Much of the art in the Book of Kells is portrayed as much art was then flat and dimensionality challenged without perspective. But what makes the Book of Kells stand out from other ancient works of art is the use of many colors. <br /> <br /> The Secret of Kells is very colorful. I originally thought the animation was flat and boring. This reminded me a lot of the Samurai Jack cartoon, which also had a flat and "aminated" look. Once I learned about the art styles of the Book of Kells, it is obvious that many of the book's styles are imitated in the film. There are lines and swirls and shapes that inhabit Brendan's mind. Whenever it enters your imagination, circular shapes resembling the sun, gears, watches and wheels begin to fill the screen. The edges of the screen are framed in triangles or decorated moving circles. Transitions are filled with Celtic colors and nodes. From the trees to the ground, many things in this world are covered in shapes or patterns. <br /> <br /> Timing in 70 minutes less credits, The Kells Secret is a fun little history lesson with a little adventure and foolishness thrown to keep people interested (maybe just kids). I think in general you need to explore The Secret of Kells as half movie, half movie about the story. Although it looks like it was animated with Adobe Illustrator, it is a very beautiful film. But based on the 20 Oscar-nominated films, I do not think it was worth mentioning on behalf of Mary and Max. ThatWasJunk.Blogspot.com
