In 1945, and after a series of solid propaganda pieces from World War II, Errol Flynn's dominance over the American box office began to decline and, despite the increasing weight of waning looks, he embarked on a series of films belonging to this genre. made his name: the buck. The first one was really good - ADVENTURES OF DON JUAN (1948) - but it also proved to be his last major budget Hollywood movie. The rest of his days wielding swords wandered throughout Europe: in England by KIM (1950), THE MASTER OF BALLANTRAE (1953) and THE DARK AVENGER (1955), in France by ADVENTURES OF CAPTAIN FABIAN (1951) and Italy for the aborted THE STORY OF WILLIAM TELL (1953) and the little-seen CROSSED SWORDS (1954). However, Hollywood made it one last time to its old maritime habits - albeit for a modestly budgeted Universal image, rather than a Warner Brothers 'A' production, with which it was accustomed when it was at its peak ... Still, the glorious Technicolor cinematography jumps off the screen here and while an older flabby Flynn may seem like the pale shadow of his former self, his redheaded protagonist, Maureen O'Hara, has a field day as a buccaneer leader sloppy. who deep down yearns for romance and wants to be treated like a lady. Anthony Quinn was still a few years away from his starred cars, so here he is seen as the villain - pirate captain Brasiliano Roc, a role that he attacks with enthusiasm. As the BLACK SHIELD OF FALWORTH (1954) - a preview of what preceded this - AGAINST ALL FLAGS takes me back to my beloved childhood days of constant TV viewing when Hollywood vintage movies were on the agenda both in the local Italian how much in the neighbor As far as I know, this may very well have been the first pirated movie I've ever seen and I shudder at the thought of the generation of young people presumably believing that the pirates grossly exaggerated The CARIBE trilogy is what the buccaneering is ! As I said earlier, AGAINST ALL FLAGS may not be the best pirate ever brought to the screen, but it is a solid example of this prolific genre. Nowadays, the Indian princess (Alice Kelley)'s persistent love affair with her pirate Flynn may seem like a fool, but the rest - although clearly not climbing the heights of THE SEA HAWK (1940) and THE BLACK SWAN (1942) , to name the best offshore developments of their respective stars - is swift and reasonably engaging. Incidentally, the film later would be redone like the PIRATE DO REI (1967) with Doug McClure! <br /> <br /> For what it's worth, the unprecedented box-office success of this modern anti-franchise franchise is probably what prompted reluctant movie studios to strip the catalog of titles and release them on DVD, and Indeed, AGAINST ALL FLAGS itself was the only jewel in an ill-thought-out collection of Universal's "Golden Age Pirates" collection, which also consisted of obscure dross, such as BUCCANEER'S GIRL (1950: Yvonne De Carlo), DOULE CROSSBONES (1951; with Donald O'Connor) and YANKEE BUCCANEER (1952; with Jeff Chandler)! Value for money, maybe, but so far I only got the film Errol Flynn from other sources; Still, if the mood strikes me in the future, I may want to get my hands on similar marine adventures, such as Edward Dmytyk's (1952) MUTINY, the aforementioned YANKEE BUCCANEER and PIRATES OF TORTUGA (1961).
