THE SECRET OF KELLS is an amazing first animation that will dazzle your eyes and move your heart. The shortcomings of the film's limited budget and sometimes limited animation are more than offset by the visual poetry of the story of Brendan's heroic quest to become an enlightening master during the Dark Ages. Historically, this happened in the late eighth century, when the Irish learning centers were overrun by the Vikings. The Vikings appear here as brutal antagonists, the equivalent in the northern seas of the looters of the Huns and Mongols further east. The film's narrative - which functions more as a parable - revolves around the conflict between Brendan, who seeks to create beauty in his illuminations during a period of increasing darkness, and his stern uncle, the abbot, who seeks to protect the world. city ​​of Kells and his nephew with an imminent wall as a barrier against the Norwegians. The abbot disregards the value of Brendan's art in his quest for safety. This is the outside conflict of the movie. Brendan's inner conflict is to find the hidden eye of creative enlightenment that will allow him to complete the most difficult painting in the Book of Kells. This eye is guarded by a Ouroboros Dragon, which destroys from within those who are not suited for this mission as surely as the Vikings will kill from outside (this is the maximum of the story I am going to disclose! > What I really like about this film is the imaginative understanding of its creators of some of the greatest works of art to survive in the West of 1200 years ago. The characters are stylized in flat abstract shapes defined by lines, as in the original Book of Kells. (Particularly striking is the monk Aidan's pet cat, defined in a few lines, but purely - and even magically metamorphic - feline.) The range of emotions that Brendan and the other animated characters convey, given their abstract drawing economy is a tribute to the excellent art of the director and his animators. The decorative edges at the edge of the image change to complement the dramatic impact of a particular scene, and this feature of the dark age illuminations is taken to a wonderful lively life in the KELLS SECRET. Of course, historical dramas often tell us more about our times than the times these dramas strive to portray. However, introducing archetypal elements in this story, the writers and director of THE SECRET OF KELLS convey a numinous sense of life lived from that distant time in Ireland that feels psychologically true, however much the script may deviate from the pedantic historical fact. . (The group of United Illuminators that appears as a club of Ladino artists in THE SECRET OF KELLS is not historically likely, but they are all well-designed and individualized characters who do much to convey the universal appeal of this essence. ) Animation has always seemed to me the best vehicle to help us better understand the visual art of different times and cultures. The magnificent art direction of this film clearly derives from its historical visual source, but it has also been skillfully adapted to the demands of animated stories; if the animation existed in the Dark Ages, the KELLS SECRET is what it would be like! Finally, the search for Brendan's hero in this film is the perennial quest of the artist to convey the spirit of beauty, life and inspiration. (Without being a preacher or even a particularly Christian, this film confirms Jesus' saying that "man does not live by bread alone.") In my opinion, the most inspired film about the creative process of visual artists is ANDREI RUBLEV, by Andrei Tarkovsky, a film about the great Russian icon painter of the 15th century. THE SECRET OF KELLS expresses much the same sense of mystery and joy about the visual quest and the creative process of the artist. It certainly is not as deep as ANDREI RUBLEV, but - dammit - it's a cartoon! (And one that will appeal to both young and old.) I think this movie will hold up well with a repeat performance: in its modest way of affirming life, this stylized SECRET OF KELLS is a classic.
