I always follow the Dakar, so when my husband bought the 'Race to Dakar' DVD from Charlie, I could not wait to watch it! Of course we saw the broadcast of the race when the race was going on, but that never gives the basis and specific teams. <br /> <br /> If you've watched Long Way Round, then you will not be surprised by the language that frankly I find more amusing than offensive. <br /> <br /> I think the only thing that bothered me on the DVD was Charlie's hair, but he had style before Dakar, so my female need for housekeeping was relieved; tho 'I could have lived without the panties' flame' lol As with LWR, the preparation was as interesting as the race itself. I almost cried when Charlie broke his hand, and I shuddered at every bruise he suffered while training .... and, of course, the death of Andy Caldicott ... it was a terrible tragedy, but every year there is something. Russ drives me crazy, although his attitude has improved a thousand times over the argumentative skepticism that he was in LWR. It's great to see you get on so well with Charlie now. <br /> <br /> What I learned from this odyssey was: 1. Never let the Scorpion prepare your vehicle for ANYTHING! - they had months to prepare the X5, and even the day before the team left for Lisbon, the Scorpion had only done half of the things that needed to be done and the vehicle was a pain throughout the race; 2. The Dakar organizers need to put a lot more work into their rider / driver recovery plan - leaving Matt (and presumably a large number of other riders / riders to dry the way they did was nothing less than guilty negligence); has a catchy enthusiasm for the "rough and tough" adventure but needs to stiffen a lot to actually perform as he would like and finally 4. Charlie and Ewan are planning another such epos called Long Way Down in 2007, and I can not wait to get my hands on it !: D If you like bikes and / or genuinely cool guys 'taking a chance', you have to watch it, I guarantee you love it. It is very fun. In conclusion, for Simon Pavey - your lord is a hero, I was so impressed with his "quiet" manner and the fact that you really did end up ... just amazing, considering how difficult is a monumental race. And for Charlie, Matt and the rest of the team - the top score for that. To think that a relatively green team could achieve so much is truly admirable. You're all wonderful.
