I really enjoyed this episode, which was a big surprise, given the bad reputation it seems to have acquired. From a pure writing perspective, 'The 16mm Shrine' is an absolute delight, with fantastic dialogue and character analysis, typical of Sterling. In particular, I really enjoyed the philosophical indulgences of the episode, addressing issues of existence and reality, while balancing it with more psychological topics such as denial, pride, and desire. "The sixteen-millimeter sanctuary" is an episode about how these ideas based on a lack of willingness to accept change can alienate a person from the rest of the ever-changing world. It is also a fantastic example of the twilight zone of the brain; one that explores the mind and not the world outside it. All these elements come together very well to create a thought that provokes and incredibly interesting 25 minutes. <br /> <br /> However, the episode is not without its flaws, which are mainly in the shoes of Lupino and Leisen. Ironically, I felt that Lupino was not convinced, with only a few scenes that could be considered memorable. Of course this is a shame, considering how much Sterling wrote his character. In addition, Leisen did not seem to know what to do with most of her characters, sometimes having them on the set, doing almost nothing - which probably explains why she accepted Lupino's bad performances in half the time. Luckily Balsam does a good job of covering up many weaknesses, helping to rescue the show from the standpoint of acting, at least. <br /> <br /> As I said earlier, however, if you're a fan of classic movies and brain-teaser, this should not be as bad as it sometimes seems to be. In addition to the writing I mentioned above, the episode also features some fantastic photos (still it surprises me that the show feels so good almost fifty years later!) And decent enough design. Overall, "The sixteen-millimeter sanctuary" is a great episode and, most of all, it's certainly one to make you think.
