After hitting viewers with three very different episodes right from the start, Serling continued to introduce viewers to 'The Twilight Zone' in a very strange way, scheduling one of the series' biggest producers as the fourth episode. "The Sixteen Millimeter Sanctuary" is one of the more discreet episodes focusing on the inability of an aging movie star to cope with changing times and just introducing a supernatural element in the final minutes. Because of this approach, the episode is at first shocking, but subsequent visions reveal that it is a completely elegant and beautifully written tale. <br /> <br /> Both leaders, Ida Lupino as Barbara Jean Trent and Martin Balsam as their frustrated but attentive agent, shines in their performances. The main problem with the episode is that the supposed 25-year-old actress is not convincing. Lupino seems identical to interpreting the young Trent as she does when she plays the middle-aged Trent and this significantly lessens the tragedy of the situation. Luckily, Lupine pretends he has not convinced us of his desperation to return to the past. It is a situation that most can sympathize with and yet Trent is far from being a nice character. She is a prima donna who gives little attention to the feelings of those around her, such as the disastrously wretched holiday that she discreetly depreciates because he reminds her how long ago her glory days were. It is somewhat surprising, then, that it be rewarded with a happy ending. Of course what will happen from the moment we see the huge projection screen and is cleverly anticipated in the opening moments when Trent scares his maid out of the screen. What is not clear at the beginning, however, is whether being sucked into the projector will be a reward or a hard lesson in appreciating what we have and living in the moment. It turns out that Trent can return to the past he longed for, a testimony of how strong the positive thinking of humans can be. <br /> <br /> "The Sixteen Millimeter Sanctuary" gets better with each viewing. High-level writing and acting combine to create a short game of enormous power that reflects the nature of human beings in desiring the past, even though we can never return. Except in the Twilight Zone.
