There is a theory of time which postulates that all the moments that have existed and will exist exist today. It's a little too much to wrap your head around but maybe a little comfort for those who wish to return to a simpler time and place. For Barbara Jean Trenton (Ida Lupino), that era was twenty-five years earlier, in the mid-1930s, when her youth and glamor were the greatest promise. For my part, if I could travel back in time, I would go back to the '50s when I grew up. Maybe for a place like Willoughby, but this is another episode. <br /> <br /> One thing that would not be so special in 1959 would involve dealing with all those awkward machines just to watch an episode of "The Twilight Zone." . How many reels do you think would be needed to catalog the entire series and then find a specific story you'd like to watch? I think you have to consider the trade offs, convenience versus simplicity, have it now or take the time to put it in the exact spot where the story begins. Popping into a CD has its advantages. <br /> <br /> I'm a bit surprised that Rod Serling wrote a story so similar to "Sunset Boulevard." Ida Lupino's character mirror imagined Norma Desmond a little too close to be considered an original concept. Martin Balsam portrays a character very similar to Erich von Stroheim, the husband who became a butler and whose loyalty is unquestionable. Where the story diverges has to do with the way Danny (Balsam) and Sall (Corsia's Ted) challenge Barbara Jean to understand reality and clear the cobwebs that paralyze her existence. Fortunately for us spectators, Ida Lupino had no such reservations about taking pieces that were not "big, but a good showcase." It's a real pleasure to watch any episode of "The Twilight Zone" and see who shows up in the days gone by. Sometimes you get a two-fer, as you have here with Lupine and Balsam, celebrities who have sometimes left their mark before the series begins, and sometimes afterwards. Combined with the stories the show has produced, it's not surprising that they still get to enjoy themselves so well today.
