Chris Rock starred in this remake of Warren Beatty's Heaven Can Wait (a remake of Here Comes Mr. Jordan, 1941), a comedy about a man who dies before his time, before realizing his dreams and his adventures in his life. new body (even if temporary). In Beatty's version, the protagonist was a supporting quarterback for the Los Angeles Rams. In the latest version of Rock, our main character is a young stand-up comedian - and decidedly low-talented. <br /> <br /> It's very funny to see Sharp Rock playing a bad comedian. It's like watching Tom Hanks playing a bad actor. Lance Barton's dream is to play at the legendary Apollo Theater on a non-amateur night. But every time he experiences his material, he gets kicked out of the stage so hard that his nickname becomes "Booie." Your jokes are thighs, your delivery painful. In short, Lance is all that the real Chris Rock is not. <br /> Lance is also a bicycle messenger, and he's walking the streets on his way to trying out even more stuff when BAM! He is hit by a truck. Okay, so maybe he was taken out of his body a tenth of a second earlier by a slightly incompetent angel (Eugene Levy), but hey, he was going to get hit anyway. Without data, it seems that Lance is not expected in the sky until 2044. So, what to do? Mr. King (Chazz Palminteri), the "manager" of Heaven, reluctantly agrees to find a new body for Mr. Barton, who is not dead. The problem is that the body they encounter is from an old greedy white man. It turns out this guy (Mr. Wellington) owns all sorts of things - he's the 15th richest man in the country! How lucky! You can imagine how Lance will change things. <br /> <br /> But of course, while in the body of the affluent Mr. Wellington, Lance falls in love with a superb hospital employee (Regina King). We males know how hard it is to find a female given to our own body, but try to win one while you're an old white guy! And it's even worse when she's not impressed with your money. <br /> <br /> This is Rock's first chance at a leading role, and in my opinion he performs admirably. There's still a lot of the comedian standing in it - and of course if he wants to have different roles, he may have to stop incorporating standup routines into the script - but that's not really a bad thing. Rock's personality - his drive, his delivery, his behavior and his passion - are the fuel of this film. He is clearly enjoying himself a lot on paper, and seems willing to make sure you have fun watching him.
