A THIEF IN THE NIGHT is an excellent fictional account of the weeks leading up to the RAPTURE and the weeks after this crucial event. I really enjoyed the production values ​​and content values ​​of this independent Christian movie. PRODUCTION VALUES. Hey, it's an independent movie, with a shoe string budget, so it's going to look a little tacky (if your default is the Hollywood list). But, properly compared to other independent films, this film is perfectly acceptable. More important than interpreting styles, costumes and music is the narrative itself. Is the story convincing? Do dramatic moments work? Does the trajectory of history build a satisfying climax? The answer to all these questions is an unqualified "yes." As a side note, the really important technical stuff - continuity, sound, lighting - is good. The viewer is able to watch the show without being distracted by sloppy skill. <br /> <br /> VALUE OF CONTENT. The message from the movie is superb. When you consider how many ideas the filmmaker has developed within the short 69-minute period, you begin to appreciate his art. It presents the message of salvation, the consequence of unbelief, the danger of retreat, the truth of the rapture, and the threat of a dominating satanic government in the world, with flare, imagination and - most importantly for an evangelical film - biblically accurate. <br /> <br /> The filmmaker is a good storyteller. For example, he develops the message of salvation in two important ways: (1) he shows us through action the reality of the sacrifice of Jesus Christ for our sake. This is achieved in a subplot where the caretaker is bitten by a venomous snake and almost dies. The only cure is the blood of someone who is immune to snake venom. Poison is like sin; healing is like the blood of Christ, shed on the cross. (2) The filmmaker also develops the message of salvation through dialogue. He has several characters who explain the truth about human sin and the need for salvation through faith in Christ. Thus, the filmmaker uses both action and dialogue to tell his story. <br /> <br /> As an example, the fact that a film produced by evangelical Christians contain dialogue and scenes that convey a clearly delineated message. of salvation, expressed in explicitly evangelical Christian language, images and theology is also perfectly acceptable. To criticize this film for being explicitly Christian is absurd; is similar to criticizing an Nike commercial for promoting sportswear. What else could Christian evangelical filmmakers do, if not a movie that states their case? Moreover, the fact that the filmmaker employs the idea that unbelievers will be left behind in a godless world is again perfectly acceptable. The filmmaker uses the dramatic potential of this idea admirably. How I know? I heard of THIEF IN THE NIGHT from a woman who watched the show in 1974; still lived in his memory thirty years later. How many movies can you say about that? All around, a very enjoyable, thought-provoking show. I intend to show it to my group of teenagers in church.
