Elvira Mistress Of The Dark (1988): Cassandra Peterson, Daniel Greene, William Morgan Sheppard, Susan Kellerman, Edie McClug, Jeff Conaway, Phil Rubenstein, Larry Flash Jenkins, Tress MacNeille, Damita Jo Freeman, Mario Celário, William Dance, Lee McLaughlin Charles Woolf, Sharon Hays, Bill Cable, Joseph Arias, Scott Morris, Ira Heiden, Frank Collison, Lynne Marie Stewart, Marie Sullivan, Jack Fletcher, Robert Benedetti, Kate Brown, Hugh Gillin, Eve Smith, Raleigh Bond, Tony Burrier, Alan Dewis, Timm Hill, Read Scot, James Hogan, Derek Givens ... Director James Signorelli ... Screenplay Sam Egan, John Paragon. <br /> <br /> Elvira, Mistress of Darkness was an 80's TV icon who had her own late night show on the Cape. She presented and presented classic American horror films, many of them extravagant, while providing her own witticisms and humorous comments. The actress Cassandra Peterson has, until today, mounted this success. In 1988, his first film was released. Playing herself, she's stuck hosting monster movie shows, but she longs for her own Las Vegas show and makes lots of money. Your agent Manny proves a disappointment. It does not take long for her to inherit a mansion from a deceased relative, a pet dog, and a cookbook. She comes to claim her inheritance in a small Nevada town - she was on her way to Vegas and lost - and soon shakes things in the quiet community. Conservative woman Chastity Pariah (Edie McClurg) soon sees her as a threat to the decency and values ​​of the small town. His voluptuous figure and winning personality soon attracts the city's youth. She falls in love with Bob Redding (Daniel Greene), the craftsman / carpenter of the town, but before any real relationship can flourish, she finds herself in trouble. Vincent Talbot (William Morgan Sheppard), a mysterious older man who must also inherit some of the fortune of Elvira's relative, is in fact a very old sorcerer who has a personal vendetta against Elvira's aunt and Elvira herself. He is aware that the so-called "cookbook" is actually a powerful magic book, a power he wishes to claim for himself. He plans to overthrow Elvira by making the city burn her at the stake. How will Elvira get out of this? The film was not a real success at the box office, attracting a crowd of young people most of the time familiar with the Elvira cable program. Truth be told, this is a funny movie and well-being. The script is full of jokes of all kinds, some bad, some good, many sexual innuendoes, visual jokes and general campiness, that is, the hilarious last scene where Elvira finally got her own strip show in Las Vegas. This film is a cult classic, catering to Elvira fans. You could not enjoy this movie any other way. It is also a retrospective of the pop culture of the 80s. Elvira was both an icon of the 80s like Alf, Vicky, the Robot, Hulk Hogan, Mr. T and Madonna.
