From the beginning of her career in the 1970s and throughout the exuberant 1980s, Elvira (Cassandra Peterson) has become a modest icon and a genuine cult figure in the world of horror films and evil monsters. While Peterson assumed several supporting roles in films, covering a wide variety of genres, it was his TV character Elvira who brought him more fame. Part of your charm? and respect from the fans? lies in the fact that she never turned her back on the horror genre that made her famous (unlike many other big names of actors and actresses who like to distance themselves from their "initial" work). I've only seen little pieces of his TV performances, but his special role in recent Ghoultown tribute music, "Mistress of the Dark" really encouraged me to check out more of his stuff. One thing had become clear to me already long before this video clip: Over the years, Elvira became a force of influence when the mid-1980s arose. <br /> And in 1988, after films like "Fright Night" and "TerrorVision" incorporated tributes and spoofs in their TV work, it finally happened: "Elvira, Mistress of the Dark." Now, I had seen the trailer for it on the days of VHS rental, but it took me until last week to finally see the movie. A few years ago, I got to watch "Elvira's Haunted Hills" (made in 2001), but for some reason it did not impress me that much. Was it really forgettable or should I take another watch? I really feel like I'm watching again now, since this first Elvira movie of 88 really convinced me. While perhaps partially responsible for making this film work, it may be Sam Egan and John Paragon with their contributions to the screenplay, there's no denying it: Cassandra Peterson has a great comedic feel (she also co-wrote the screenplay). <br /> <br /> When Elvira learns that she is one of Aunt Granny's beneficiaries (she has never heard of it before), she considers the long-cherished opportunity to start her own show in Las Vegas. To claim her inherited legitimate money, she travels to a quiet New England town. But the residents of the town of Falwell are looking forward to a treat. In no time at all she is able to shock and insult all the notable inhabitants of the small conservative city with their (often unintentionally) provocative behavior. To make matters worse, her heritage turns out to be not what she expected: a decadent mansion, a cookbook, and a poodle. But what she does not know, and her malevolent uncle Vincent Albot, is that her great-aunt was a witch, and the cookbook contains recipes to invent the most terrible dark forces imaginable. And if you have not turned off the movie by the time Elvira has made her first platter in the cookbook, then be easy, you'll be left with a smile on your face. It's amazing how a script manipulated with jokes, witty phrases, movie references, inner jokes, and joy in the palate can also tell a coherent story. Simple, clear, but consistent. While other films, depending heavily on gag situations, often make you lose the story completely (like the movies "Naked Gun", for example), this movie does not. Many horror comedies were being produced during the 1980s, but many of them did not work. Let alone a parody of terror that does not get in the way at all ("Killer Party", although I'm grateful it's completely crazy during the finale) or it gets very boring very quickly ("Saturday, 14th"). Although "Elvira" is more comedy than horror, it does not lose what it is doing and builds itself consistently toward a slightly grotesque ending, complete with a supernatural confrontation in the streets of Falwell between the newborn witch Elvira and the evil uncle Talbot, including a real witch hunt from one side to the other and the very moment of burning Elvira's fire. <br /> <br /> I'm telling you, there's no power in hell that could make this movie bland. One of the first laughs I received was during the opening credits when the name of Daniel Greene appeared. Daniel who? Oh yes, I recognized his name (and later his bruised face). How can you not forget Daniel Greene after seeing ... "Atomic Cyborg aka Fists of Steel"! But if you have not seen "Atomic Cyborg" then I'm sorry but you will not be able to laugh with your face in this. And on a side note: I could never have imagined Elvira looking so cool while ignorantly stepping away from a gas station. Even Robert Rodriguez could not have made that shot look better.
