"Why did they just make them so big? Why did not they just give the money to the poor?" The question about the cathedrals was made by a student to Mr. Harvey during a field visit to Salisbury Cathedral. "That's a good question," he replied. "Partly to inspire them - to make them look with admiration." I'm not sure that the cathedrals have this impact at all, but this film certainly had that impact on me. It was amazing! <br /> <br /> It did not start like that. For a time, it seemed little more than a representation of - well - a field trip to Salisbury Cathedral. If you've ever been on a school trip to anywhere, that's basically it. You have a group of largely disinterested kids simply happy to be out of school for a day, the bus driver who goes crazy over them and some teachers desperately trying to keep everything under control. It was there, done that, the shirt was my initial reaction. I figured that in the end this would be a typical story of a teacher managing to inspire a group of disinterested students. TO YAWN! But it ends up being much more! Timothy Spall was brilliant as Mr. Harvey - a somber and serious teacher, with a strange fascination for the cathedrals. Throughout the film, his story slowly comes out and becomes the focal point of the story. We also introduce ourselves to some of the problem students - most notably Helen, also brilliantly played by Nathalie Press, who is in self-mutilation. <br /> <br /> This is not a religious movie, but it does include some powerful reflections. on religious subjects. When Harvey's colleague, Jonathon (played by Ben Miles), says, "I do not care what anyone believes, as long as I do not try to force it on anyone else," Harvey replies, "this is not tolerance - it's indifference ! " - which is, in fact (in my opinion), what often passes for religious tolerance in our society. There are reconciliation scenes between various characters, and the final scene of the film was brilliant. As Harvey climbs the bus, director Susanna White makes the camera slowly rise, so the last scene is simply from the sky - returning to Harvey's comment that the purpose of the cathedral is to get people to look with admiration. The cathedral accomplishes its goal. We look at the universe with admiration, seeking something greater than ourselves, however, we choose to define it. This is a very powerful and very inspiring film. 9/10
