Match 1 Table Match Match Bubba Ray and Spike Dudley vs. Eddie Guerrero and Chris Benoit Bubba Ray and Spike Dudley started things off with a Tag Team Table Match against Eddie Guerrero and Chris Benoit. In accordance with the rules of the game, both opponents have to go through the tables to get the win. Benoit and Guerrero warmed up early, taking turns to hammer first Spike and then Bubba Ray. A German suplex of Benoit for Bubba took the breath of brother Dudley. Spike tried to help his brother, but the referee held him while Benoit and Guerrero approached him in the corner. With Benoit stepping on Bubba, Guerrero set up a table outside. Spike ran into the ring and flipped the top rope to Guerrero from the outside! After recovering and taking care of Spike, Guerrero set a table in the ring and helped Wolverine prepare it. The set then mounted to a double superplex of the middle string that would have put Bubba on the table, but Spike knocked the table down before his brother fell! Guerrero and Benoit put another table in the corner and tried to pass the Irish Whip Spike, but Bubba came in and blocked his brother. Bubba caught fire and raised both opponents in eye drops on his back! Bubba hit Guerrero and Spike stepping on the Wolverine from the top rope. Bubba held Benoit on the bay for Spike to climb onto Wassup! halter Shortly after, Benoit locked Spike at Crossface, but the fight continued even after Spike had left. Bubba came to the rescue of his brother and managed to spread Benoit at a table. Bubba jumped from the middle rope, but Benoit moved and had Bubba hit the wood! But as his opponents did not force him into the table, Bubba was allowed to stay in the game. The first man was knocked out shortly afterwards, however, when Spike put Eddie on a table with a Dudley Dawg from the ring apron outside! Benoit put Spike on a table moments later to even the score. Within seconds, Bubba hit a Bubba bomb that put Benoit across a table and gave Dudleys the win! Winner: Bubba Ray and Spike Dudley <br /> <br /> Combat 2: Cruiserweight Championship Jamie Noble vs. Billy Kidman Billy Kidman challenged Jamie Noble, who brought Nidia with him to the ring for the Cruiserweight Championship. Noble and Kidman locked up and rolled around the ring, but they ran back inside and fought some more. When Kidman thwarted all of Noble's moves, Noble fled out of the ring, where Nidia gave him some encouragement. The fight spread out of the ring and Noble threw his girlfriend into the challenger. Kidman threw Nidia aside, but was knocked over with a modified arm bar. Noble continued to attack Kidman's injured arm in the ring. Kidman's injury hurt his offense, but he continued to fight a lot. Noble tried to put Kidman away with a powerbomb, but the challenger replied to a facebuster. Kidman went on to finish things with a Shooting Star Press, but Noble broke the attempt. Kidman went to Shooting Star Press again, but this time Noble just got out of the way of danger. Noble turned Kidman into a powerful bomb shortly afterwards and got the pin to keep his WWE Cruiserweight Championship! Winner: Jamie Noble <br /> <br /> Match 3: European Championship William Regal vs. Jeff Hardy William Regal faced Jeff Hardy in an attempt to regain the European Championship. Jeff catapulted Regal over the top rope and then knocked him down with a hurracanrana on his apron. Back in the ring, Jeff hit the Whisper in the wind to beat Regal by a loop. Jeff went to the Swanton Bomb, but Regal raised his knees to hit Jeff with a devastating shot. Jeff managed to surprise Regal with a quick rollup and got the pin to keep the European Championship! Regal started yelling as he watched Hardy celebrate on his way back up the ramp. Winner: Jeff Hardy <br /> <br /> Match 4: Chris Jericho vs. John Cena Chris Jericho promised to end John Cena's career in his match at Vengeance, which came next. Jericho tried to teach Cena a lesson when the game began, leaving him on the mat. Jericho continued to beat Cena around the ring until his arrogance got the better of him. While on the top rope, Jericho started to show the boat and allowed Cena to grab him for a superplex! Cena followed with a sloping slam, but was knocked over with a nasty dropkick to the gut. The rookie recovered and hit his belly in the belly, but could not take the Y2J. Jericho entered the Lionsault, but Cena dodged the move. Jericho nailed a bulldog and then logged on to Lionsault, but did not go to the roof. He urged Cena to stand so he could place the walls of Jericho. Cena had other ideas, reversing the move in a pin attempt and getting the 1-2-3! Jericho was furious after the game. Winner: John Cena <br /> <br /> Match 5: RVD Intercontinental Championship vs. Brock Lesnar via Disqualification The next big thing and Mr. Pay-Per-View intertwined with the Intercontinental Championship on the line. Brock took the judge's title and put it over his shoulder momentarily as he faced RVD. The speed of Van Dam gave Brock fits in the beginning. The big man rolled out of the ring and kicked up the steel steps of frustration. Brock composed himself and began to take charge. With Paul Heyman smiling in the ring, Brock hit RVD on the hard ground outside the ring. From there, Brock began to dominate the RVD, throwing it easily through the upper rope. RVD landed painfully on his back, then had to suffer from having his spine broken against the steel ring steps. The fight returned to the ring with Brock pressing RVD around the ribs. RVD broke up and soon leveled Brock with a kick in the temple. RVD followed with the Rolling Thunder, but Brock managed to kick it out after a count of two. The fight seemed to be over as soon as RVD went to a Five-Star Frog Splash. Brock, however, hoisted Van Dam onto his shoulder and went to the F-5, but RVD turned Brock into a DDT and followed with the Frog Splash! He went for the pin, but Heyman pulled the ring judge! The referee immediately called for a disqualification and soon traded blows with Heyman! Then RVD jumped up on Brock's top rope and then threatened to hit Van Terminator! Heyman grabbed RVD's leg and Brock got the champion and this time connected with the F-5 in a steel chair! Winner: RVD <br /> <br /> Match 6: Booker T versus the Big Show Booker T faced the next Big Show one-on-one. Show resisted the kicks and punches of Booker T and hit Booker in the corner. After being thrown out of the ring, Booker picked up a chair in the ring, but Big Show punched Booker in the face. Booker tried to return to the game strangling Show with a camera cable in the ring. Booker broke a TV monitor from the position of the Spanish announcers on the Show skull, then gave a scissor kick that put the two men on the table! Booker returned to the ring and Big Show staggered moments later. Show grabbed Booker's throat, but was hit by a low blow and a kick in the face. Booker climbed the top rope and nailed a staggering leg drop to catch the pin! Winner: Booker T <br /> <br /> Announcement: Triple H came into the ring for a thunderous ovation as fans waited to know where the game would end up competing. Before he could speak, Eric Bishoff stopped the game to apologize for getting involved in his personal affairs. If Triple H signed with RAW, Bischoff promised that his personal life would never come into play again. Bischoff said he spent the past two years working in a network in Hollywood. He said everyone was looking for the next WWE Superstar, and they were all talking about Triple H. Bischoff made sure that if Triple H signed with RAW, he would be getting better opportunities coming his way. Stephanie McMahon left to announce her own speech. She said that because of her personal history with Triple H, the two know each other very well. She said the two have already been unstoppable and they can be again. Bischoff interrupted her and begged her to stop. Stephanie quoted that Triple H once told her how Bischoff said Triple H had no talent or charisma. Bischoff said he was young at the time and did not know what he had, but he still has a lot more experience than Stephanie. The two continued to fight back and forth, until Triple H approached with the microphone. The game said it would be easy to say "spoil" any of them. The triple H went to shake Bischoff's hand, but pulled it away. He said he'd rather go with the devil he knows instead of the one he does not know. Before he could go any further, Shawn Michaels went out to shake things up. HBK said the last thing he wanted to do was cause some trouble. He did not want to get involved, but he remembered committing himself to bring Triple H to nWo. HBK said there is no one in the world with whom Triple H is best friend. HBK told his friend to imagine the two together again, making Bischoff's life a living hell. Triple H said it was a tempting offer. He then turned around and hugged HBK, making official his move to RAW! Triple H and HBK left, and Bischoff rejoiced at his victory. Bischoff said the difference between the two is that he has testicles and she does not. Stephanie hit Bischoff on the side of her head and left! Match 7: Team Championship Tag Christian Match and Lance Storm vs. Hollywood Hogan and Edge The match began with loud "US corners" and with Hogan pushing Christian through the ropes and out of the ring. The Canadians took over from there. But Edge scored a kick in Christian's head and planted a facebuster in Storm to get the tag for Hogan. Hogan started the Hulk and soon caught Christian with a big boot and a leg drop! Storm interrupted the count and Christian threw Hogan out of the ring where Storm attacked the icon. Edge scored soon after and knocked out both opponents. He stuck the two in the corner stretchers, but missed a lance in Strom and hit the ball hard. Edge hit a DDT, but the judge was inactive and could not count. Test rushed down and knocked Hogan down, then leveled Edge with a boot. Storm tried to get the pin, but Edge left after two. Riksihi rushed to defend himself from Test, allowing Edge to recover and launch Storm. Christian distracted the referee, and Y2J entered and scored Edge with the Tag Team Championship! Storm rolled and got the pinfall to win the title! Winners and new doubles champions: Christian and Lance Storm <br /> <br /> Match 8: Undisputed WWE Triple Threat Threat Championship. The Rock vs. Kurt Angle and the Undertaker Three of WWE's most successful superstars lined up in a Triple Threat Match with the Undisputed Championship hanging on the scales. Taker and The Rock came face to face with Kurt Angle begging for some attention to the side. He drew attention in the form of a beating of the two other men. Soon after, Taker left the ring and The Rock fought with Angle. Angle gave a series of suplexos that toppled Rock, but the Big One counterattacked with a DDT that got a double count. The fight continued out of the ring, with Taker coming to life and putting the Anglé into pulldowns and repeatedly hitting The Rock. Taker and Rock stepped back into the ring, and Taker dropped The Rock with a slam on the sidewalk to get a count of two. Rock recovered, grabbed Taker by the throat and strangled him! Angle broke the pin attempt that would probably have given the title to The Rock. Rock retaliated for locking Kurt Angle's ankle. Angle reversed the movement and Rock Bottomed the champion of the people. Soon after, The Rock discarded Angle and hit the People's Elbow in the Undertaker. Angle tried to take advantage by disabling the Great One out of the ring and covering Taker, who kicked out after a count of two. Out of the ring, Rock took a big sip from a nearby bottle of water and spat the liquid on Taker's face to blind the champion. Taker was not disabled for long and managed to dominate Rock and turn his attention to Angle. Taker laid a guillotine leg on Angle, lying in the ring. Rock got up in time to finish off a pin attempt on Kurt Angle. Taker nailed Rock with a DDT and put him in for a chokeslam. Angle tried to sneak with a steel chair, but Taker took the nonsense and smacked his hands. The referee was caught in the ensuing fire and did not see Angle tapping silly with a steel chair. Angle went to cover Taker while The Rock was lying down, but the Dead Man somehow lifted his shoulder. Angle tried to fix Rock, but he also kicked out. Rock got up and landed Angle on the sniper! Angle looked to be about to hit, but Taker kicked The Rock out. Taker picked up Rock and hit him with the Last Ride. While Dead Man covered him for the win, Angle ran and grabbed Taker's ankle! Taker was delirious with pain, but managed to counter. He got Angle for the last ride, but Angle put a triangle! It looked like Taker was about to faint, but The Rock broke Angle's embrace just to find himself caught in the ankle lock. Rock left the basement and watched Taker Chokeslam Angle. Rocky hit Rock Bottom, but Taker refused to go down and kicked him out. Angle swung Taker into the Angle Slam, but was Rock Bottomed by the Great One and stuck! Winner and New WWE Champion: The Rock <br /> <br /> Finally, there's a decent PPV! Lately the PPV was not very good, but this was a winner. I give this PPV an A- <br /> <br />
