Many people know how it feels when a loved one is lost. Feelings of pain, sadness and sadness can be unbearable. However, sometimes it is the memories they leave behind which provoke the saddest emotions. This theme is superbly portrayed in the short film 'Tulip', directed by award-winning Australian actress Rachel Griffths. Described as a film "as much about memories as about love," a sequence of sensitivity and sentimentality is cleverly inserted into this triumphant 15-minute film. "Tulipa" is a beautifully forged, touching and touching work. a touching story of a man's journey to come to terms with the loss of his wife through the relationship he shares with a very special animal, "Tulipa." The film opens with a rising dawn, the chirping of birds and a vast landscape, introducing the sense of rustic harmony present throughout the film. A soft music plays, marking the entrance of Ruth (Jean Bain). She wears a flowery dress and apron with a sun hat on her head. She gently caresses Tulip, caressing her ears and caressing her back. The furniture in the house is stunning and the attention to detail is credible (a pot of tulips can be seen on the bench), reflecting the peaceful rural community. Will (Charles 'Bud' Tingwell) greets Ruth while she drinks the milk from the bucket. They put milk and coffee together, a sign of fellowship and teamwork. Not a word is said, but it is obvious that their relationship is close and affectionate; they paint a perfect image of happiness. <br /> <br /> Unfortunately, happiness does not last forever. Ruth's tragic passage affects Will deeply. An effective scene of missing cars highlights Will's isolation and vulnerability at the end of the funeral day. Soon he sinks into depression and becomes oblivious to his surroundings when all seems lost and lost. In Will's desperation, Tulip becomes the symbol of Ruth, Will's genuine connection to his deceased wife. It was through Tulip that Will learns to deal with Ruth's absence and to overcome the feelings of loneliness that leave the heart. <br /> <br /> Each of the characters is realistically and solidly portrayed, especially Will's part. Charles 'Bud' Tingwell brings the character to life through personal investment. The recent loss of his own wife (Audrey Tingwell) is effectively reflected in his performance. Every sinking of his shoulder and every frown on his forehead make the viewer empathize strongly with the character. Ruth's character is beautifully performed by Jean Bain. Although Ruth does not say a single word throughout the film, her sweet personality and her love relationship with Will are obvious. Lois Ramsey and Kati Edwards give wonderful performances in supporting roles as friend Margaret and Mary. They also add a subtle humor to the bittersweet story. <br /> <br /> A childhood story of Griffths, the story of loss and discovery is notably captured in 'Tulip'. Beautifully filmed and superbly rendered, this movie will surely make you look hazy, triumphant or feel like drinking a cup of milk.
