I read some comments from this TV movie that everyone said that the movie dragged on for a long time and that was basically just hype. I agree that perhaps the film is a little too long (2h30 would have been enough ...), but I certainly do not think it sensationalises the subject. Jim Jones' expansive journey of power and its slow degradation in mental illness, paranoia, and drug abuse are never voiced. The film takes its time showing how Jones recruited followers (the character of Brenda Vaccaro and Brad Dourif are highlighted on this issue), but also watching a strange change in Jones' perception of reality. It is incomprehensible to see an egalitarian, left-leaning and compassionate preacher become such a destructive and cruel dictator. Maybe the film does not exploit Jones's motivations enough, which can make the whole ordeal a little shallow at times (may have to do with censorship too ...) But Powers Boothe's mesmerizing performance makes everything turn out to be reality. I'm not familiar with the real-life details of Jim Jones, but Boothe certainly makes the monster he plays believable and real. The film features many strong scenes, including Jones 'confusion, Jones' encounter with the Divine Father (James Earl Jones), Congressman Leo Ryan's (Ned Beatty) visit to the Guyana camp and, of course, the suicide scene . It's a somber spectacle to watch and Boothe is quite dominant these past few moments. Madge Sinclair shines in this scene as one of the skeptical followers, and Veronica Cartwright (as Jones' wife) and Brad Dourif, especially when it comes time to drink the killer potion. The relative calm of the end of this scene, the tasteful direction and the contrasting beauty of the natural environment, all work to make these images impossible to be erased from the mind. A disturbing reflection on human nature and its weaknesses. It's worth watching even if it's just to keep in mind one of the truly horrific events of the twentieth century. Do not let it repeat itself again. Like, ironically, the inscription on Jim Jones's camp: "Those who do not know the past are doomed to repeat it."
