Most successful comic book movies generally depend on having villains who are larger than life, ready to jump off the screen and strangle him with a smile or a line or two of dialogue. Tim Burton Batmans had this, as did (in an even more grotesque way) Sin City. With Dick Tracy, producer / director / star Warren Beatty raises villains to become part of the structure. As an impetuous homage to the gangster shots of the 1930s - only this time for children, in contrast to the darker Bonnie and Clyde - Dick Tracy is full, cheerfully, with archetypes and bright, primary colors where criminals carry guns and faces are formed to shape their personalities. Villains like The Stooge, Shoulders, Lips, Eyebrows, Mumbles, Blank, Pruneface, Spud. Chester Gould gave the names to his characters that fit his profiles and gave his hero a jaw that could cut the glass. The film is a continuation of visual jokes that are perfectly taken seriously. If, at the time, movies like Batman and (understated) Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles were darker representations of reality within a comic book sketch. Dick Tracy is more "old-school". It's a story of cops and bad guys, or rather a cop, Detective Tracy, when he tries to detonate Big Boy (Al Pacino, in what is arguably his greatest performance to date, and in a sense that makes sense to his grandiose style) , but without such luck. There is also a little kid, simply called Kid (Charlie Korsmo, who somehow brings more courage to this child than would be imagined), and Tracy's love interest in Tess. And then there's the 'dame' nightclub (Madonna, who probably does not give any kind of acting performance, but maybe that serves the role well, and she sings when called), who will not testify unless Tracy admits feelings that he does not demonstrate. you do not have to. Then there are complicated conversations with Tracy below, and a mysterious masked figure with a shaggy voice. <br /> <br /> Meanwhile, making an imitation of a Howard Hawks movie in an explosion of visual effects and bigger explosions, Dick Tracy adds comedy and action as the syrup in a tall pile of pancakes. It's a wonder to look at this world, which is created in ways that have a fascination for them that if they had been made today would simply be by proxy of computers (ie Sin City, which can be justifiably compared to Beatty's movie). We are guided through this world into great pictures and then we push the plot, or whatever, into large editing frames with camera angles that seem to come out of those little slanting panels in the old comics. I almost remembered the Cotton Club during these sequences, such as history, music, details, and some GREAT punches and gunshots go a long way to revealing what needs to be said, which in fact is no more than accurate . And there are a lot of captivating script dialogues (one of my favorites: "my enemy's enemy is ... my enemy", plus any of Pacino's references to other figures in quotation marks). <br /> <br /> Revisiting this after seeing it for the first time in the movies (and remembering only small pieces), Dick Tracy is a hard-boiled fantasy to the best degree. He is full of good spirits for the children, and with a very good action eliminated without the most sinister intention of his movies of cousins ​​comics (for example, the tariff PG-13), and for the adults his center of plays panache and a feeling solid to non-subtle. Even Dustin Hoffman, and he hardly says an audible word!
