The opening credits contribute to a brilliant and atmospheric entertainment that is full of little nods to the comic book. All the good guys are good, all bad guys are bad, and the movie is full of actors of familiar characters, covered in grotesque makeup, hi-lite, their characteristics. Warren Beatty, like Dick Tracy, is tough and tough man, incorruptible, calm, always a better fighter than the other, and rarely one to push the limit of legality. Al Pacino as Capricho "Big Boy" steals all the scenes in which he finds himself as a bandit leaning on an unnamed metropolis of gangsters of the 1930s. Maddonna plays the kind of person she would probably play best, Breathless Mahoney, a nightclub singer and femme fatale with her own agenda in progress. Gleanne Headly is the longtime girl who is tough and independent of Tracy. And then there's The Kid, a funny street kid Tracy gets, who models himself according to his surrogate father, and saves Tracy when the detective accepted his fate to be blown up. <br /> <br /> Supporting players is one who is who of the character actors. Charles Durning is the chief of police. Dick Van Dyke is the District Attorney, who is bribed by Big Boy's henchmen to keep him on the street. Dustin Hoffman has a good mood like Mumbles, the informant whose dialect is so indecipherable that the cops can not understand what he has to say. R.G. Armstrong is Pruneface, one of the rival gangsters that the Big Boy makes a special loyalty in order to create a crime network scattered throughout the city. Mandy Patinkin is 88 Keys, the Breathless program's pianist. Paul Sorvino plays Lips Manlis, the ex-Breathless benefactor until Big Boy gives him "the bath". James Caan uses relatively little makeup on his performance as the only gangster who disagrees with Big Boy's big plan. William Forsythe and Ed O'Ross are the Big Boy, Flattop and Itchy cops. <br /> <br /> This movie keeps all the comic strip corn, in addition to being filled with vibrant colors. Almost all costumes are crafted in blues and greens and yellows and reds. All the colors of the rainbow are found in this movie - and then some! The matte paintings that are used truly realize this world as two-dimensional, just acted in three-dimensional clusters. Humor is abundant. Al Pacino fills his character shoes like no other character he has played before or after. Big Boy is kind of crazy and kind of self-commiserating. He is an eccentric little man who prides himself on quoting our founders and comparing himself to great political leaders. The man with the plan, always looking for the smartest way to do business.
