I recently watched Spirit and enjoyed it so much, I've seen it about 4 times on HBO and I'm going to buy the DVD. Those who gave negative reviews would probably think that 'Vanishing Point' was just another car chase movie and 'Thelma & Louise' was just another girls' movie. Although the conclusions of these films are darker, I feel that the themes are somewhat related; that freedom and individualism are very important and that there is usually someone wanting to take it away from you. The other common feature of these films is the careful and thoughtful "guardian angel types" that help the main characters overcome adversity. <br /> <br /> Another review here mentions how this film relates to the theme of civilization invading another person's space. House. All we have to do is look around at the open areas that are shrinking around us to see this. <br /> <br /> I found the animation and story incredible, the animators really made the horses look, act and move naturally. . Spirit's emotions were very clear as the story progressed (yes, I'm aware that they humanize the horses a bit, but that's fiction). In some action scenes, you feel stuck in the rapids and in the heat of a forest fire. In other quieter scenes (which are most of the time), you can savor the scenarios. One of the great things that make history really work is not following the route of singing and singing. Doing so would take away the power of history. Instead, the flow of the story is told by an occasional narration of the main character, and the fantastic soundtrack is added. Another advantage is that they were not afraid to give the story a dark side (which really made this film be watchable to me). However, this does not prevail throughout the film, and the conclusion is adequate and uplifting without being honeyed. <br /> <br /> Those who appreciate horses will really like this movie, but I think it's a bit more than a horse. movie. I do not think this would be a good movie to take kids if they are educated about the futile fare that is offered today. But if they are the thoughtful type that can handle such interesting stories as The Lord of the Rings and Black Beauty, they will probably love this movie. Hell, I'm 35 and I still love these things.
