Sometime in the late nineteenth century, somewhere in the American West, several cowboys who need money will hunt buffaloes. The group leader believes that the buffalo are too numerous for hunting to have any impact, but the more experienced hunter has seen how quickly the population can collapse, and he is not so sure. With flocks of buffalo living in South Dakota and exhibiting real-life hunting movies (the introduction of the film explains the necessary thinning of the herd), the film does an excellent job of introducing us to the buffalo's plight and its effects on Native Americans without ever The real story, however, is about the dysfunctional family that is created by the small group formed to do the hunt. The father figure is Charlie, a violent man with a short fuse. Sandy, his "brother", is the seasoned hunter who is tired of killing, but needs the job after losing his cattle. A half-Indian boy, who hates being totally Caucasian, assumes the role of foster child. The grandfather (and moral compass) is an alcoholic buffalo skinner; Charlie's "wife" is an Indian woman whose companions he killed after they stole their horses. <br /> <br /> Charlie is clearly the most interesting figure. He is petty and insulting with everyone around him but at the same time knows that they are the only family and friends he has. He hopes Indian abducted women hate him, then accept him, but he does not know how to react when she refuses to do so. He is the one who put the family first, but he is also the only one who is destined to destroy it. <br /> <br /> All this is very much like the classic "Red River," which also features a kind of family being torn apart by the increasingly violent and alienated paternal figure. As might be expected, this movie suffers by comparison. The plot is not so focused on character development and family dynamics, and the direction fails to keep all the scenes working toward that common goal. Charlie is so completely unpleasant from the start that we never have any reason to worry about what happens to him or his family. On the plus side, however, the message surrounding the buffalo killing adds an extra dimension to the film and its conclusion is far superior to the Hollywood ending, which was added to the end of "Red River." As a result, "The Last Hunt" is an interesting and entertaining movie, very well done, but falling short of what it would take to consider it a classic.
