One of the most definitive gangster movies of the '80s, Scarface is much more a movie of its time. The first thing you notice when watching this movie is that it's screaming at you "made in 1983". The costumes, the score and the soundtrack, the hairstyles, make no mistake about it, it's a crime movie in the 80's and although it should have gone horribly, it was not. This is still an excellent movie. Although Georgio Moroder's music has come out a bit, it still complements Tony Montana's story well thanks to Oliver Stone's excellent script and Brian De Palma's first-class direction, one of the two films he made with Pacino (the other ) being the fantastic Carlito Way). All De Palma trademarks are here; strong language, graphic violence (more on that later), elegant excesses such as grandiose pieces and, of course, elegant camera work. <br /> <br /> Pacino dominates the movie and I mean it literally. He is the dominant star of this film. His performance above the top, this is one of those films in which Pacino does not speak as much his speech as he shouts, this time with a superb Cuban accent. However, this is Pacino and he does it fantastically. Only he could go so far over and still leave the movie with his acting integrity intact. While some may complain of their cries of their speeches and the great excess of all this, it is an excessive film. Take a look at the production design of Tony's house, take a look at the violence in this movie. The chainsaw incident is frankly brutal and its blood is everywhere. The shooting at the end has bodies falling at a rate that is more like Schwarzenegger and Stallone in the Rambo films. Take a look at the amount of coke that is displayed in the film so Pacino's performance is perfect for the film. It is supported by actors who are more similar to their lines in a more controlled way. Steven Bauer, particularly as Tony's best friend Manny, is the highlight of the supporting cast. His performance is so controlled and quiet in a De Niro style, it's a wonder as he ended up going straight to the soft porn video. Michelle Pfeiffer, of course, adds glamor, Robert Loggia adds gravitas as always and Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio makes a big debut as Tony's sister. <br /> <br /> Of course this is more than just a movie about excess. There is more to it than drugs, violence, chainsaw assaults and a major gunfight. This is a movie about the darker side of the American dream. In many ways, he puts on a themed pair with the films of The Godfather. Tony finds himself coming to America, getting everything, living the American dream and then losing everything in a violent way, and saying that he loses everything, I mean, he loses everything. He kills his best friend, his sister is dead, his empire crumbles literally around him and, most of all, he is killed in his own mansion, bullets ripping through him. <br /> <br /> Undoubtedly, Scarface is one of the top films of the early 80's. Of course, it does not have the subtleties of The Godfather movies, but this is still a great movie and worth repeating several times.
